4	From November 1 through 4, 2012; I stayed in the Sleep Inn. This is my review. It is broken into sections.Location  This Sleep Inn is located in the northeast Phoenix Valley at the Phoenix and Scottsdale border. It is near the point of the Arizona 101 where is turns from a east to west highway to a north to south highway. This puts the two crossroads at Sleep Inn: Scottsdale Road and Bell Road within two miles of a freeway exit.   The Scottsdale Sleep Inn is within a twenty to thirty minute drive from Downtown Phoenix. Regardless that it is a drive to Downtown Phoenix, there is plenty to do near the hotel. It is walking distance to the Scottsdale Quarter Outdoor Mall, Scottsdale Promenade, a miniature golf course, and restaurants. Sleep Inn also shares a parking lot with The Tilted Kilt Bar. By car, Downtown Scottsdale, and Fountain Park are nearby. The Scottsdale Inn is an advantageous hotel for travelers reaching the Phoenix Valley from Flagstaff and Las Vegas via Carefree Highway and I-17. By this point travelers will want a room to stay in.Price  When we pulled into the parking lot we first checked out the Hampton Inn next store. They wanted $133 a night. Sleep Inn wanted around $105. The decision was easy. Safety  Let's face it. Crime happens everywhere. Generally speaking Sleep Inn is in an upmarket section of Scottsdale (pretty much the whole city). Although I would like to see a roving patrol or cameras outside, there are cameras in the hallways.Amenities  Sleep Inn's greatest amenity is Larry. He is very knowledgeable about Phoenix, and told us about Fountain Park and other attractions.   The hotel includes a continental breakfast. There is a pool and hot tub that works well.  Another amenity is the glorified hotel bar: The Tilted Kilt. It is an enjoyable bar to have a beer-or few. And you do not need a designated driver.Conclusion  I am glad that we exited Arizona Rout 101 in Scottsdale. The Sleep Inn we stayed in was walking distance to shops and restaurants and near downtown Phoenix. The hotel itself was well managed and clean. I recommend it through Yelp.
2	My experience here was..... well I guess I should explain....At check-in, the gal was asking some personal questions to my friend as she was checking ID such as, "why are you staying here if you only live down the street?" and "why are you staying for two night?" etc...Those are all very personal questions, and very unprofessional if you ask me.  This is a smoke-free hotel, but our room definitely reeked of cigarette odor(which triggered my migraines). But I didn't want to be an unpleasant guest and complain.  And the rooms were quite small.However, the manager/lead of the shuttle and front desk was very pleasant.  He was very easy to talk to, and very nice to let me know of their complimentary shuttle service.  I mentioned the cigarette odor in the room and he quickly notated the account so that we wouldn't lose our deposit.  I give him a 5 star alone for customer service.  1.) Would I stay here again....  no.  2.) Was it a horrible experience..... no.
5	I can see why this place has so many awards. Its a very well run choice brand hotel. The hotel itself constantly has this pleasant aroma from the moment I walked in to the lobby to the room itself. I have been checked in by different multiple front desk clerks and each time they all have been excellent. The staff here makes sure you feel welcome and that you have anything you need. The rooms itself all have microwave and fridges all in a built in work desk with a flat panel television. One big plus in my book is there are plenty of outlets everywhere. There are two outlet plugs in each lamp, with three lamps total in the room. This is helpful so i can have my laptop and phone plugged in at the work desk while my DS and other work phones can be plugged in by the bedside. There are plenty of restaurants just right down the road. In the afternoon, they had cookies available in the front lobby. There is always ice cold water available right by the elevators. The breakfast is 6am to 9am and is the standard breakfast items such as sausage patties, eggs, bread selections, waffles, yogurt, milk, juice, etc. They do have express checkout so you receipt will be under your room at night to make check out a breeze.SUMMARYFront Desk: 5Check in/out Process: 5Room Overall: 5Bathroom Overall: 4Breakfast: 4Internet: 4
5	I gave this hotel 5 stars just for the fact that it not only met our expectations but exceeded them. Upon arrival my husband who is a huge fan of tilted kilt was overly excited that we could walk to tilted kilt. Room was clean, bed was unbelievably comfortable and staff was courteous. The breakfast was by far the best "hot" breakfast i have had at a hotel. I was surprised that they had eggs, ham, potatoes for breakfast along with several other items that are normally served for breakfast at the previous hotels i have stayed at. Shuttle service was extremely convenient for short trips instead of having to order a taxi after drinking at the tilted kilt. If we happen to return to scottsdale we will definately be staying at this hotel again. My husband and i decided that we will also look for sleep inn for future trips at other locations just because we had such a nice stay.
5	I absolutely love this hotel. When my boyfriend and I checked in they asked us if we wanted watered bottles, which was really  nice. The look of the hotel was very pretty..when I walked into our room there was a light, nice smelling scent. The room is definitely cleaner than most hotels I've been to. The decor was very pretty as well. In the morning we got free breakfast that serves from 6-10am. Their breakfast was beyond what we were expecting. Very delicious with bacon, eggs, bagels, etc. I definitely would recommend anyone who's stopping by Scottsdale to try this hotel. Completely in love with it! Oh and one more thing, we booked through Expedia so our one bed-room was only 40 dollars (tax included) for a Friday night. How cheap is that for such a nice hotel? Definitely go there!
1	My wife and I had a very unpleasant, extremely stressful stay at this hotel. Our problem was not with the staff or the accommodations but with the General Manager "GM", Adam. We were given a 2 month extended stay rate because I am a patient at the Mayo clinic and am undergoing cancer treatment. Do to circumstances beyond our control with miscommunications between the front desk clerk, the American Cancer Society , and Adam we got mixed up in a mirage of absolute unnecessary stress. My wife reported this to higher management and after completing the survey they send online we received a generic apology from Adam, apologizing in behalf of all the staff. Nothing in behalf of his bizarre, inappropriate behavior.It is a very sad day when one finds themselves in a new city, without extended family, direly sick and treated like this. It was nothing less than cruel. We both tried talking to him and making whatever amends humanly possible that could be made to appease him. I was in no shape to have to move hotels but he too stated he was "Done". Not to professional in any setting. All we heard from other staff also was he was "Done". While my wife tried to appease him by making amends he told her the apology she gave was "not sincere".Instead his words were to go back to the "sister hotel" or he would call the police. She had walked next door to the Hampton Inn to speak to him because he would not come over and talk to us in person.  Like I said, no experience at all to handle a stressful situation than to threaten with the police and he apparently was afraid of a disabled woman who has had 4 back surgeries and a cancer patient.The Mayo Clinic has been made aware of this situation and I sincerely hope no other patients coming in from out of town or state for that matter have to go through this.
3	Resident "management" persons do not always have great "people" or "problem solving skills" and that seems to be problematic at this Sleep Inn from the reviews provided.  When problems arise at a motel, consumer  attitude is a major factor in what the outcome will be. If management  decisions are not appropriate in the customers opinion,   there is always someone above the resident manager to appeal and report to,  that is why corporations own these hotels, the mom and pop days are gone and of course personal responsibility is also changing !
