3	We like to bring our dogs here to run around and play in the park.  It's a short distance from our house, so it's very convenient.  The park is not as large as some of the others in town, but it's nice and quiet.Return Factor - 80%
5	Ever since moving to the west side, this park has been one we frequent! My kids love this place! It can get quite busy on the weekends but definitely still a great place to take the kids! Our fave spot is the kiddie section for 2-5 year olds!
4	Love this park ,its HUGE, it's often PACKED on  the weekends, but who cares! Very well kept and down the road from us! We love to pack a lunch, a blanket and spend the day! Some of the toys are a little mature for littler kiddos, but the splash pad is fantastic too!
4	Lone Mountain Discovery Park is a neighborhood park that is a gateway to Lone Mountain. It sits in the northwest part of the Las Vegas Valley off Jensen Street between Alexander Street and Lone Mountain Road. The scenery is more old West than Sun Belt City.This is a part of Las Vegas that resembles a scene from "The Waltons" more than a scene from "Oceans Eleven". Lone Mountain Discovery Park is surrounded by desert and ranch homes that sit on large lots. This is a neighborhood where the natural landscape keeps back the hyper development along the 215 Freeway and Craig Road (westernmost point is at the park). It is no discovery that if you add a stunning mountain to the landscape that you have a winning park.   Lone Mountain Discovery Park celebrates Lone Mountain. It is connected to a perimeter trail that encircles Lone Mountain. This park is a gateway to Lone Mountain hiking. At the back of the park in the shadow of Lone Mountain, a right turn on the perimeter trail leads to the trail that climbs up to Lone Mountain summit. Follow the perimeter trail to the north facing of the mountain, and when the 215 is to the right, the trail up to the summit will be on the left. At the back of the park, a left turn on the perimeter trail connects to steep trails that lead to caves. The perimeter trail is also a special place for a hike or jog around Lone Mountain.   Lone Mountain Discovery Park is also a nice neighborhood park in the shadow of Lone Mountain. There are plenty of picnic tables (unfortunately with graffiti carved in), trails for walking a dog, and a playground for children. The star of the park is the close up vista of Lone Mountain.  I use Lone Mountain Discovery Park as my base for a hike to the summit of Lone Mountain and a hike around Lone Mountain. There is the perception that the activity here makes it a less risky place to leave my vehicle than the much closer trailhead at the end of Vegas Vista. I feel that the extended scenic hike to Lone Mountain increases the anticipation of the climb and acquaints me with Lone Mountain. If I am getting all this exercise climbing up a mountain, the extended walk is no sweat (not literally). Before and after the hiking, I enjoy relaxing at a picnic table.   I recommend driving a distance to Lone Mountain Discovery Park when it is used as a gateway to hiking up or around Lone Mountain. It is not a discovery that a neighborhood park that is the hub of a trail that encircles a mountain is worthy of 4 stars. And it is no discovery that Lone Mountain Discovery Park is worthy of a place in the "Vegas Is Sun City " list.
5	My husband and I got married at Lone Mountain Discovery Park April 24th, 2013. We were able to rent a large covered area for only $50 and the location was beautiful, the bathrooms were in a great location, the grass was well manicured and we had easy access to the playground and the trail!We were blessed with beautiful weather and a beautiful backdrop for our photos.
4	Nice park with a good mountain to climb. Only down side was noticed a lot of trash left on the mountain as we hiked up it. Good place for relaxing with friends or walking your dog.
4	Nice area, quiet, 3 separate playgrounds, 2 for my toddler that's safe enough with safety swings, and no sand which is always great. Open grass areas too. Covered picnic area so it's a good place to have a play date.
5	We have been going here for years..the kids love it...more when they are small, under 7, on the upper park and under 9 st the lower park. This place is clean and quiet with no riff raff...hard to find and secluded, homes all around so no people drinking or dealing...they could see them from their front windows!! I have yet to see any of this...and i see police cruisers go by...nce place
5	I LOVE THIS PARK!Lone Mountain Discovery Park is a fantastic park right at the foot of Lone Mountain.  This is the park that other parks want to be like!  I'm so glad I found it accidentally.  Here are the highlights of the park:1. 4 separate playground areas.  Each playground has its own feel as well, so it is a new experience at each one.  There is one for little people with all appropriately sized playground equipment.  This one is also completely fenced in, so the little ones can't escape and get into traffic. The second playground is for bigger kids and is open, so they can run wide and far.  The third playground if for the little ones again and has a great shade structure covering the play area.  The last playground is for the really big kids.  It has awesome climbing webs, several balance types toys, and just funky fun things to play on.  With so many different playgrounds, there is always a fun place to play that isn't too crowded.2. Educational play areas!  You won't see these right off the bat, so make sure you explore the far northern side of the park.  They have all sorts of math equation walls & measurements, shapes to climb on, and giant map of the world.  This whole area has so much crammed in that you know the kids have to be learning things just by playing in the area.3. A big boulder to climb all over!  This is in it's own little area and is surrounded by a soft form covering on the ground.  The boulder has all sorts of hand and foot holds, so you can easily climb all over it like a monkey.  4. Lots of places to run!  There are a couple nice flat areas to run wild or play ball or something like that.  There is also an area that has all sorts of small hills, almost little bumps erupting from the ground that are super fun to run up and down.  5. Lots of seating areas.  You never have to walk more than a minute to find a bench or a picnic table or even game tables in this park.  This is great because my 2 year old wears me out and I need lots of breaks these days!  There are beautiful secluded areas that you can sit and enjoy your surrounds, as well as giant picnic areas to host a party at.  There are even a couple amphitheaters scattered around the place, if you wanted to do a little meeting, live music jam,  or poetry reading.  6. There is a lot of parking scattered all around the park.  This is awesome because the park has to be at least 1/2 mile long, if not longer.  It is nice to par close to a certain area, especially if you are carrying a big load of stuff in for the day.7. The park's location.  It is located at the base of Lone Mountain which is automatically awesome.  It is off of a small residential street (Jensen), so there isn't a lot of car traffic in the area, so it is nice and quiet. The surrounding neighborhood is on the fancier side, so the area is always clean, free of some of the negative things you find at some other parks, and you just know you will be safe and sound in this park,So if you want a fun park that is good for any age to play at, get to Lone Mountain Discovery Park today!
4	We originally came to hike the mountain close by but it was such a hot day we ended up picnicking at this park. Its pretty quaint and not over crowded. Other than us we shared the park with a man and his dogs and a family on the play ground. It had a nice shaded sitting area and plenty of shade trees to relax under and 2 play grounds for different age ranges.
5	This. Park. Is. Amazing!I recently discovered this location and had no idea one could hike up the mountain. They have an awesome trail through the far west side for those who want to hike with minimal effort, an average area through the center on the east side, and a difficult trek on the north side. Something for everyone.You can choose to park closer to the 215, near the Lone Mountain side, or off of Alexander, depending on which route you plan on taking.Once you reach the top... AMAZING. Nothing like it. You have an absolutely breathtaking view of almost the complete Las Vegas Valley with sweeping views of Red Rock Canyon in the west, and Centennial Hills to the north, making it hard to believe you are atop a mountain in the middle of a city. It also includes full basketball courts, which are packed day and night, some adorable play areas for the kiddos, and plenty of grass for your four-legged friends.If I could live at this park I would.
