4	I will admit that I'm not a hardcore Mac fanatic however there are items I use as staples to my daily makeup routine.  I usually already know that I'm looking for when I go but when I do have a question the girls all seem friendly and helpful.  Last month I have a photo shoot and needed some professional makeup done.  The shoot was boudiour style so I didn't want to look like anyone but myself.  I knew the makeup had to look a bit much in person for it to come out in the photos.  But I must say that final result was very pretty and really something I would honestly wear for an evening out.  My pictures turned out beautiful and my photographers complimented me on how beautiful my makeup turned out.  If you are looking for a makeover I highly recommend Marlene @ the Arrowhead location.The makeovers are free with a minimum $50 purchase as time of service. (I'm sure thats always subject to change though so check with your local MAC counter).
5	Friendly and helpful! Went in to purchase a few items for my boss. They always know exactly what I need when I hand them the list. This paricular location recycles old containers for lipstick only. I believe the fashion square location will switch out for eyeshadows too. Pleasant and was convenient for that particular day.
4	When I walk into a Mac store I feel like a little kid walking into a candy store.  I get this glow about myself and I'm just in awe of all the pretty things around the room.  Unfortunately for my wallet the prices aren't quite as affordable as candy but I make sacrifices (why pay for my water bill when I can buy mascara instead?!  Kidding!  But I've thought about it....)Walking into this location was no different and the service was on par with what I expect as well.  I was greeted right away when I walked in and the rep came over to see if I needed help with anything.  I already knew what I wanted but just had questions about which color would be right for me.  The rep made a recommendation and then applied it onto me to make sure it was what I wanted.  Easy and professional.While I was paying, a couple of the other reps complimented my dress and one of my tattoos so we got into a conversation about them and by the end of it I was pulling up my Instagram because they wanted to see pictures of my other tattoos too!  It was like they were friends of mine which is the kind of customer service I love, makes me feel welcome and it makes me want to continue to go because I know I'll have a great experience every time.
1	My recent experience at this location was terrible. If I could I wouldn't even give them one star. Their customer service is truly that bad!
3	I always feel stupid going into mac because I don't know much about makeup and it doesn't help that when I'm asking an employee about a certain product and I use the wrong term or I call it the wrong name they correct me, like you know what I meant so just go with it. Maybe this is just my personal issue. *sigh*Customer service varies. You never know if you're going to have good or bad service it really depends on who's working that day. Bad service = employees paying no attention to you, I don't need all the attention in the whole world but if I walk into mac it's because I'm going to buy something and it's not like I can just go to the shelves and get it myself. There's been times where I walk in and I have a product in mind that I would like to try out/buy and I need help and just no one helps me.Great service = employees greeting you when you walk in, even if they are busy a "hello welcome to mac" is lovely!! Getting help with no judgment is also freaking awesome, i don't know much about makeup like I said before and what I truly appreciate is when someone helps me and teaches me things w/o being rude/snooty about it. I love it when this does happen because I leave mac with what I wanted to buy and I leave happy because I don't feel kind of dumb and insecure because of my lack of knowledge about makeup. I've never had a bad experience here, sometimes they have really bad customer service though! Most of my experiences at this mac have been great, but lately it hasn't been that great the service gets worst every time I go in. I've been trying to return something for two weeks every time I go in I get completely ignored.
3	The service could be better. I'm never greeted. The staff is too busy talking to one another. The vibe isn't upbeat as Sephora. I walk in get what I need by asking, pay, and leave. I love MAC products so I'm happy at the end of the day. The service isn't terrible it's just quite neutral I guess.
5	Happy so happy I had Stacy do my make up for my graduation and she was nice, friendly, professional and knowledgable about the products
1	This is my second time visiting this store location.  I was excited about coming in this time since they were so helpful at first.  As soon as I walked in no one said hi ,can I help you. So I stood by the register hoping someone would say something.  Everyone seemed too busy twirling there hair. Until I finally asked someone behind the counter for help and she puts a finger up and helps a customer that walked in after me. I finally  got what I needed and have decided to never visit this location again.
1	Horrible service. I've went more then once and always get treated the same, I won't get helped until I go to the register and tell them what I want. And they're displays are always so unorganized and messy. I much rather drive further to biltmore instead or even fashion square.
5	I read the previous reviews and was hesitant to stop in when we were at the mall this past weekend but I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I was greeted. A girl by the name of Gia was great help and quickly got me what I needed. So glad too because it was total chaos with all the last minute holiday shopping going on.
