4	This place just opened up, it's located in the AJ's anchored shopping center at Scottsdale Road & Lone Mountain.  Tom and his wife opened an upscale nail salon and they are great at customer service.  It was a great relaxing experience...  I'll be back.
5	This is a must try for any Mani Pedi fan. I use to drive to Scottsdale for all of my services until I found this spot. Get the pedi, no metal file pedi once - and you will NEVER go any where else. Have fun. I do..Customer service - top end. Thanks
1	Absolutely horrible!!!  I went in as a walk-in.  While waiting, another customer was paying, and had a scuffle with the (owner?) since the posted prices in the brochure were no longer current (this from a new place?).  I was given a menu to pick from for my service, and my tech spoke no English, so even though I asked her twice if the prices were current, she said yes, and wouldn't you know - when she was done, she told me the price was higher.  Beyond the bait and switch on the cost, the pedicure was poorly done.  Some toes were cut straight, others she rounded and filed, and none matched in size.  I would NEVER go back to this place.
1	I am writing a second review, this yelp must think a negative review has a personal agenda.  I assure you, I do not.I went to this place as a walk-in.  I was duped on the pricing (printed brochures and menus post one price but when I was done,  I was told it was higher) .  I witnessed another customer having this problem as she was checking out as well.Regardless, the pedi was horrible.  Toes were cut unevenly, I had polish on the skin, and it was overall, the worst pedi of my life, and for a price that is WAY over the competition in the area.There is a reason this place is empty - women of North Scottsdale won't tolerate this kind of work.
1	went for a manicure as a walk-in. no one was in the place except the employees. kinda strange. did not like the atmosphere thought it was cheap and tacky. nails were cut uneven, cut my cuticles really bad, nail polish all over my fingers and she smudged three nails. worst manicure and nail salon i have been to in a long time! will Never go back and will never recommend to people! prefers cash instead of credit, who carries cash now of days??? its ridiculously expensive for the whack job that was done on my hands.... word of advice stay away and go elsewhere!!
1	My mom and I just left this place. It was actually appalling. The woman who did my nails barely filed them, and didn't clean under my nails well at all, even when I was blatantly picking grit out in front of her. The result of this manicure was streaky nail polish that didn't fully cover my nails. My mom had cotton stuck to her polish, and her polish didn't start until a good chunk above her nailbed. The woman barely did anything with my cuticles. This is the worst manicure I have ever had, so needless to say, I will not be going back.
5	I absolutely love this nail salon.  I am under the understanding that it has recently changed owners.  I always go to Jacqueline and she is fantastic.  This evening my daughter(10 yrs old) and I went for a late mani/pedi.  Jacqueline waited for us and spent well over an hour on my pedicure alone.  Her attention to detail is excellent.  My daughter was treated well and fussed over by the entire staff.  I did not feel rushed as it was obvious we were there well past closing time.  They know how to treat customers at this business.  I will be back and will be sending more clients.
3	Went here for a manicure before the wedding because my soon-to-be-wife said I should.*I had never had a manicure before, and this seemed like a fine place to get a manicure. I guess. I really have nothing to compare it to.But they did do a parafin wax at the end, so that was kind of nice. And the bridal party seemed to think their pedicures were fine.So this seems like a solid three star place.* - I was practicing the whole order-taking thing. I think I did pretty well.
5	This owner really cares! Top notch when it comes to customer service. Finally ,my daughters and I have a place to go where we can treat  ourselves. The owner really is fussy. She will not let you leave unless you are satisfied.
5	Love getting the Gel Polish manicures.  They last for weeks without chipping and dry instantly! Owner and staff are very nice and welcoming. No complaints :)
4	Had my 1st visit to this salon yesterday for a pedicure. The salon is clean, quiet music playing with the TV sound turned off.   They have a whole menu of different pedis including hot stone.  I got the $33.00 one & gal did a very nice job.  Gal who worked on my feet was very kind & friendly.  I will def return for a nail fill.  I think I would like to try one of their facials & massage too.
5	Came here because it is close to me. The facility was clean, the staff was attentive and friendly and I had a good experience. They were chatty but not too chatty and it was a very nice experience. I don't get anything fancy - just a run of the mill mani/pedi - so I cannot speak to their work on more complicated services. However, my feet are feeling silky soft. Lots of parking in the complex they are in. I will definitely be back!
