1	A bookstore in a mall... genius!  WRONG not when you work there and your General Manager is a selfish idiot.   I have not been back since I left this horrible job but I do hope that things have straightened themselves out and that they fired that bitch Marcie.    I  mean what kind of company keeps a General Manger who walks out of her store seeing a line that has grown 20 people deep with the phones ringing off hook and not to mention the lack of staff on the sales floor to assist those growing impatient customers.  I can't even tell you how many times I had to take customer complaints about the lack of staff.   As far as product they might say they have it but good luck at finding it.  These high school seniors and freshman college students they hire have far better things on their minds (themselves) and could care less where they have shelved  that book you are now looking for.   Now if it's a best seller you'll have no problem finding it since it will be displayed on tables and end-cap displays through out the store and depending on the season possibly displayed in a floor stack as well...after all they did receive 50 copies of the book to begin with and receive an additional 12 when 1 is sold. As for  CD's and DVD's since you are already at the mall I would recommend going somewhere else as they are far over priced at any Borders.The only thing I would rave about is the magazine selection.  The Biltmore location will provide you with the widest variety but all locations have a ridiculous amount of titles.
3	I stopped in here the other day for the free wi-fi and study spot at the cafe. The cafe is located right by the entrance to the mall so it can get a little loud at times. There are a lot of tables but not that many plugs so scope out the place and find a prime piece of real estate. :) Overall, good study spot and the food court in the mall is convenient for when you want a bite to eat :D.As far as a bookstore, I can't say much since I only went in to study and nab wi-fi. Sorry to you, Borders! :) Maybe next time?
4	Going out of business, as most of you know. Sales staff says they will close sometime near the end of Sept, but don't know an exact date. EVERYTHING is on sale.
3	The discounts have been raised to 40-60% off everything, which is great for lovers of the written word. Is it wrong to raid a bankrupt store, much like a vulture circles above its next meal? I guess when I can get fiction for 40% off, it's not *that* bad.A word of caution before you enter the store: This Borders location looks like it has been hit by a hurricane. I think the staff is doing a great job of keeping everything together and helping out customers (certainly with unemployment looming overhead), but don't expect that Borders you went to 16 months ago.Enjoy your finds, fellow bibliophiles!
