4	There are so many local nail salons in the Henderson area. I've been to many and they all seem pretty similar, what gives this place 4 stars is their customer service. They're so nice to you, the chairs are comfortable, tons of magazines to read. I go in for monthly pedicures or whenever I can and this place is so great and relaxing. They take their time and want you to enjoy the experience. My pedicures are usually an hour, they soak your feet, and once they do the technical stuff they put on salt scrub and massage your legs and feet. Ahhhh, their pedicures are $22 and french tip is an additional $5. Posh Nail Spa is super clean and I'm obsessive compulsive when it comes to watching how nail salons sterilize their equipment. After all, what is cut on your nail and touches your skin has been on someone else's too. Ask for Tony or Jennifer, they are the owners. They have a heavy accent and sometimes have trouble understanding, but once you tell them 'I WANT A PEDICURE WITH JENNIFER/ TONY @ - - - TIME AND DAY" YOU'RE ALL SET TO GO! And they have tons of O.P.I. nail polish to choose from!!! My fav!
1	I feel horrible for leaving a bad review. Anyway I walk into the salon, and (clue #1) no customers. I went in for a mani, which was $12 bucks - good deal. I asked her to trim my nails, but not to short. She ignored that - my nails are so short I can't even scratch. She didn't allow my cuticles to soak long enough and/or cut to far which resulted in TWO bloody fingernails (will post picture). I am sure she got a piece of skin on a third finger, because it has been aching for the past 3 hours.Beware!
5	I'm from out of town and was visiting my girlfriend. I wanted to spend the day and pamper her. So she decided that my ugly toes needed a pedicure. Jennifer did an excellent job on my toes, I've never had a pedicure before but it was awesome. Everyone seems genuinely happy and definitely a great place to be.
5	Came in for the first time today to get a french gel manicure.  Tony started me off and Jennifer finished it up.  They are such nice people!  Tony was so funny and laid back and Jennifer was very sweet.  It was like going to a friend's house for a manicure.  I love the colors they used in decorating their salon.  It was warm and cozy.  Also the price...$27 for a better job than places I've been to that charge double.  This place is a gem and I'll be back!!
1	Under new management, BEWARE!I used to come in regularly to get my eyebrows waxed and loved the job they did.  After it had been a month with no waxing I went in today to get my eyebrows waxed for my job interview tomorrow and the first thing I noticed was that it was under new management...  Well, that could be bad, or that could be good.I walk in and there is only one person working, so I waited.  Another woman came in (from lunch, I suppose) and took me to the back.  Well, the wax wasn't plugged in, so it was cold.  Another 15 mins of waiting.  The first woman that was working left to go pick up her kid and the blonde white girl took me back again.  Now the wax was too hot and burned when she applied it.I smelled alcohol, so I knew she had been drinking while she was out.  She pushed too hard and pulled the paper off in the wrong direction.  I seriously doubt she knew what she was doing.When she was finished with this butcher job, she didn't offer me a mirror and sent me out the door.  When I got in the car, I looked at my eyebrows and walked right back in.  They were not thin nor did they have any shape, not to mention there were TONS of stragglers.  So, I showed her a picture of how they are supposed to look and she pulled too much off the top of my eyebrows and not enough from the bottom.  Still with the scalding hot wax and extreme "i'm gonna pop your eyeball" pressing to get a good grip.  I walked out with the worst looking eyebrows ever and had resigned to just fixing them myself when I got home.Do NOT let the blonde, drunk, white girl wax your eyebrows!!!
5	TONY AND JENNIFER ARE BACK AT POSH NAIL SPA! HOORAY!Misti - I am so sorry for your disastrous experience. If Tony or Jennifer were there when you went in for your wax, you would not have had such a terrible experience. But I have great news. Jennifer and Tony are BACK at Posh Nail Spa, and the allegedly drunk blonde is no longer there. The new owner recently booted the blonde and asked Tony and Jennifer to return and help run the salon. They agreed. YAY!Tony and Jennifer have been doing manis, pedis, and everything in between for a very long time. I have gotten numerous manicures, acrylic sets, and pedicures from both Tony AND Jennifer. They've done fabulous work each time. The variety and quality of the polish is great. I'm more of a dark-purple, dark-red, dark-everything kind of girl when it comes to my polish color, but I've gotten the glittered French tips and crackled polish at Posh before, and I've never been disappointed. They're really sweet people and like to carry conversations while working. Jennifer is also a skilled waxer. I only trust her when it comes to my eyebrows. She has delicate but very quick hands, so there is no pain during or after the wax is done. I've never had my nails or brows done by any other employees, but they seem to be amicable as well. Overall, my experience at Posh has been extremely pleasant. I can always count on my nails (and brows!) to look great after an appointment at this salon. Now that Tony and Jennifer are back, I know I'll be back at Posh Nail Spa for sure. What I like about the location - parking is never an issue, and Montesano's is next door. A slice of cheesecake after my mani/pedi? I think yes!
5	Tony did my mani/pedi and he did an awesome job!  I bite my nails, so it was hard to make them look good, but he did!  The mani/pedi has not chipped even though I work outside and mangle my hands!   Also, he was super pleasant and welcoming- highly recommended.
3	I walked in here after lunch this weekend to get a pedicure because my 2 usual nail salons were booked solid. It was last minute on my part but now that it's flip flop season I needed to get my talons under control & beautified. I was surprised to see the prices - only $20 bucks for a pedi - it made me happy and a little leery at the same time. Because I was in a crunch I decided to give it a go. I was a little disappointed in their color selection. They didn't have much OPI and I always choose that for my toes because it lasts the longest. They had the bottles spread out, somewhat color coated, on glass shelving (my inner Mother squirms because it would only take one misbehaved munchkin to swipe those off and break 'em all!). I decided on hot pink and they prepared my pedicure bowl. The salon was a little disheveled and dirty. I never felt fully comfortable or relaxed during my time here....especially with the infomercial from VegasTV blaring in the background about some Virgin Diet. The equipment was old and the bespeckled lady I got was older and spoke NO English. I thought it was extremely rude as she had a Bluetooth on her ear and was on the telephone the entire time I was getting my pedi, jibber-jabbing in a foreign language. Whenever I wanted to tell her something like "I want glitter on top of the hot pink", she'd look at the other tech and he'd have to explain to her what I was saying. She gave me no foot or leg massage at all (now I know why they only charge $20) so that was disappointing. But even with all that criticism, she actually did a heck of a job painting my toes and getting my callouses in check. Normally the edges & tips of my nails don't get painted and she made sure to cover every inch. Plus she did spend some extra time on the bottom of my feet.I will not be a regular at this nail salon, however if I were in a pinch and needed somewhere quick and cheap to go, I'd hit this place up again.
1	Ouch!! That was one of the most painful pedis ever! I'm so sorry for coming in at 5:45 but don't take it out on toesies!!  It was cheap, but ya get whatcha pay for. Never again!!
5	Great place. Got right in. Very clean. Top of the line pedicure stations. Helen is awesome
1	A few weeks ago I would have given this place a 5.  But it's now under new ownership (it's not Tony anymore) and I wasn't impressed.  They only put one coat of polish and charge an extra $5 to use the pumice stone.Never again!
5	Helen is the manager and does the best waxing and eyelash extensions.  I am from New York and have been looking for these services at a reasonable price and am happy to post this is the BEST PLACE
1	Literally DO NOT GO HERE! I walked in and got say right away. There were only two people working which is fine, however a lady started helping me. I had gel on and she didn't even know how to take off  the gel until I told her what to do.. Unreal. Anyways, I was sitting there for a good 15 minutes with the tin foil on and if started to burn so I said something! So she again tried to take it off, but she put the cotton swab on top of my nail, then tried to scratch it off? Like, what?  I was running late for work, so by this point I'm aggravated. So the guy told her to leave and he helped me. He was super rough and my cuticles hurt, from how rough he was. I was growing my nails out u t he decided to make them shorter? (NO) I was so mad I just, told him to put clear on it. He said clear gel? I said "no, polish." He obviously was trying to get more money out of me. In closing, when he was massage my hands with the lotion his nasty, dead skin was all OVER my hands it was disgusting!!!!!!!! Then he pulled out a towel with HAIR ON IT! So not only do they not know how to take off gel, this place isn't clean!! DO NOT GO HERE! I promise you it will be a mess. In the end he charged me $17 for the worst manicure in the world. Did I mention they charged me for taking off the gel? HA. Even though they didn't know how to? I refuse to go back, and this place needs to be shut DOWN.
3	I have been going since January of this year and today there was a price increase of $5. I need to watch what I spend so this took me by surprise as I pay in cash. As far as the work they do a great job and I will be sorry to leave them but they did not take into account loyalty or cash.
5	Went back as no one does nails better regardless of price and young lady stated she apologized for not having told me about increase. My apologies as sometimes I know you have to pay for the best and in my estimation they are.... Hands down the BEST!!!!!
5	One of the best pedicures I've ever had!!!!! The environment was nice and clean. The massage chair was great. I felt wonderful when I left. I will def be a returning customer!!
2	I've been here twice and while everyone here is pretty friendly and courteous, the nail service needs some work. I got a mani/pedi my first time here which was good, so I went back again two weeks later for a gel mani and pedi & took my sister to get her fills done. The polish on my toenails were streaky and my cuticles weren't even done right so the polish on my toenails took a weird shape. My gel mani was done okay. My sister's fills were done badly on a few of her nails. Probably won't be coming back here again.
4	This place is now called T & A Nails. I came in for a basic pedicure, which costs $25. Since I'm from LA, that is a little more than what I'm used to for this type of nail salon but the extra touches may have made up for it. First of all, I walked in on a Friday around 2pm. They already had two other people getting pedicures, but they called another woman from the back who seated me and got started right away. They seem to always do their pedicures at the massage chairs (+), and separately do manicures at the table stations - since this is what they did with the other two who were there before me. They had a large flat screen TV turned to the food network (+). The pedicure included a massage of my shins and calves that was much longer than what I expected - so it felt more like a "spa pedicure" (+). It has been about a week now, and I'm pretty happy with the quality of the polish since it still looks great! I'm still shopping around nail salons, but I'll keep this one in mind.
5	Best nail place in town.  I've never been disappointed.  Tom and Tyler can do anything
5	Love Ann.  She is the person I will go to for the rest of my life.  She is amazing at what she does.  Iv had Tom before too and he is okay, however everyone has their own preference.  This nail salon is great!
