5	I just recently entered the fun corporate world and with that fun corporate world comes my fun corporate benefits. Now, since I'm not reviewing my benefits, I'll spare you my opinion that HOLY SHIT I HAVE THE BEST BENEFITS EVER OMG LOL !1!1!!!11, and I'll tell you that my AWESOME new doctor directed me toward this pharmacy... because he is AWESOME. (benefits are kind of a whole new world for me. it's a really convenient world, and I get really excited about modern conveniences, so, there's that.)Melrose Pharmacy has the most charming layout and functions just as any CVS or Walgreen's would (except I wouldn't expect Melrose to turn down my birth control script because of the pharmacist's ethics, like our Mormon friend Walgreen's), but more charming. They also sell fun little extras, like essential oils, incense, chatchkis, and the like. They're very friendly people, accessible and knowledgeable. I'd go there even if I didn't have a prescription!
5	Melrose Pharmacy is a throwback to a time that probably never existed. The place is charming. Teresa (Theresa?) the pharmacist / owner rocks the pharmacy world, and MP is a true neighborhood business.Pros: -Friendly, amusing, thorough, efficient, caring service-Nice selection of incense, candles, and other soothing goodies to sniff while-u-wait-Cool / retro bottled sodas and candy-It's in that nifty Wagon Wheel building-Next door to Hollywood Regency-Accepts most insurance-Calming as hell after you've just been on the phone for an hour with Aetna's perma-baffled customer service teamCons:-None
5	Melrose Pharmacy is one of those really cute diamonds in the cenpho area. i stopped in here on the last melrose block party with some friends, one needed to get a percription filled and we saw this place and said "yup lets try it" it was soooo cool. lots of little wind up toys and books and other typical pharmacy type items stocked on what looked like 5ft book shelves. the pharmacist was really nice, chatty, and helpful to my friends needs. filled her script in 10 minutes while we milled around the store. they even accept a wide selection of insurances and everything was nothing more then a pleasant experience...i almost wish something was wrong with me so i could have a perscription to fill too. oh well. when i do i will be taking it here for sure. 5 stars for just awesomeness.
5	Based on reviews from my fellow Yelpers I decided to switch from Walgreen's to Melrose Pharmacy. I went in earlier this week to drop off my prescription. Upon entering the pharmacy I felt I was transported into an old fashioned drug store. The whole layout of the store reminds of something you might see on "Leave It To Beaver." There were a few people ahead of me, but once I was greeted the service was very friendly. Since it was my first time getting a prescription filled they got all my info and told me my order would be ready the next day.I didn't get a chance to look at everything they offer in the store, but looks like most of the things you can get at Walgreen's or CVS, plus some great stuff like bottled soda, aroma therapy oils, home made soaps...So far I am very happy that I switched to Melrose and look forward to continue to use their services. Sure, it's easier to use Walgreen's or CVS because there is one on every corner in just about every town, but I appreciate the friendly and helpful service that Melrose provides.
5	Melrose Pharmacy is my go-to pharmacy.  Not only is it in my neighborhood, it is independently owned and operated by Teresa Stickler.  Her and her husband Kurt are people who care about the community.  The fact that they provide a level of service that their chain store competitors can only dream of is a is the icing on the cake.  They are also lightening quick, dispensing most prescriptions while you wait.Moreover, they are a FULL  service pharmacy, they also offer delivery (handy when you feel like you are on the verge of death) and useful recommendations on the pros and cons on a on non-prescription drugs and vitamins (often recommending the lower priced generic brand).  In addition, you can find a wide variety of homeopathic products, as well as a selection of snacks, books and small gifts.Even if you don't need to get a prescription filled, it's worth a visit to check out the retro interior and grab and grab a vintage bottled pop and candy.  Better yet, stop by on a First Friday when the pharmacy features live music, and frequent art shows in the studio in the same complex.
5	Incredible service! With prices exactly the same as CVS or Walgreens why would you go anywhere else? They fill your script in 5mins of you handing it to them (dependent upon how busy they are). The place is sooooo CenPho. Historic building restored, quaint and beautiful. Locally owned and operated by a native. Hell they even sell Hemp based lotions and such. This place is such a jem ... I can't recommend this place enough.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic.  The prices are the same as any of the corporate spots, the wait is shorter and everyone is actually nice and helpful.  Forget about the long waits and rude corporate pharmacists people.  Do yourself a favor and stop in to Melrose Pharmacy, support a local business and maybe even check out the drum setup they have for First Friday!  I highly recommend this place!  Theresa the owner is great and super helpful!
4	I am so happy that I switched from Walgreens to this cute, local pharmacy! The staff is very friendly and actually remembered me by name.Last time I came in here I had a problem with my insurance and two different staff members tried to help me, and when the problem wasn't solved (the insurance company was closed) they were able to give me a significant discount on my prescription!  That was awesome customer service and they have earned a customer for life. I only docked them a star because of their hours - it can be a bit of a race to get over after work when they close at 6.
5	Woohoo!.  Yes, it is that good.  A trip to Melrose is not "just another errand."  Fantastic people, prices are as good as a corporate pharmacy, so many good points...but the best about Melrose is simply that they make you feel special.  That is enough for me!  One other thing...it "smells' like an ole-time pharmacy.
3	While I would like to give this local pharmacy 5 stars, I simply can not. Switching to a local pharmacy turned into a disaster. First the new person taking my rx took so long to type everything in that she figured I couldn't wait to pay and told me I could pay the next day when I picked things up. That's fine-ok. Odd, but ok. Then I get a call saying that my date of birth I gave them doesn't match what my insurance carrier has. really? because that's never been an issue in filling an rx anywhere else. Then i get that mess sorted out (I was right, my insurance has the date of birth correct) and the rx "goes through" and Melrose offer to call when its ready! Awesome. Then, not so awesome, I confirm that the two rxs I have are injections and that they will be filling the third prescription i gave them for the syringes. I then get asked if I recall what size and type those syringes are. I tell her that no, I don't and thats why there is another prescription with that information in their possession. She sounds confused by this.Not a good sign.To complicate things further, there are two sizes of syringes and I'm hoping when I get these they can remind me of which needle goes with which and can tell me how much to inject of each, but that might be asking for too much. Sadly, I think trying to switch to a local pharmacy might be where I choose not to "shop local" which is disappointing....
4	I'm really torn between three and four stars, so I decided round up due to no specifically bad experiences.Like most other reviewers, I switched to Melrose from Walg's because I like to buy local first.  Unfortunately, Melrose keeps pretty stingy hours; it would be nice if they stayed open an extra hour or so during the week, and they are only open for a few hours on Saturday.  No Sunday.  C'mon!  Obviously, any loyal patrons of Melrose are sacrificing the ridiculous availability of Walgreen's and other pharmacies, so you would think Melrose could crank out another hour a day to prevent poor fools like me from having to drive like a maniac and cut through traffic to get there after work!Anyway, they are courteous, but I wouldn't say anyone has been falling over themselves to thank me for my business.  On my first visit, I filled a new prescription for a topical skin care product.  The girl at the counter kind of blinked at the price and asked me if I was aware of the cost.  I was not.  She told me she'd research the price a little bit and call me.  My prescription called for a small tube, but she later informed me that a much larger size cost the same amount with my insurance, and would I like to just get the larger quantity?  I really appreciated the extra few moments she took to investigate the product to find the best option for me, and to warn me about the pricing!  I don't need to visit my pharmacy much more than once a month, so I am content to remain with Melrose, but I think that the sheer tightness of the hours would probably drive me elsewhere if I was having to be in there frequently.The inside is cute and clean with some interesting products, but I think it would be nice if they carried more things like locally-made soaps and bath products.  The retail selection in there seems to be quite random, with no cohesion to the presentation.
5	This is a fantastic pharmacy and I have never had anything less than stellar experiences here. They really go out of their way to make sure the patient gets taken care of... gotta love that. When I lost my insurance they got me a lowered rate for my birth control. When my fiance got a really nasty case of poison ivy, they let me take care of the entire transaction while he lay in an oatmealy tub. They rock and I feel lucky to have them in the neighborhood!
1	This is easily the most inefficient place of business that I have ever dealt with.  Having a nasty rash, one that looked to be around for a while, the triage nurse at my specialist's office faxed a prescription to CVS.  About an hour later, I got a call from CVS saying that would be unable to fill it and that they would need to send it to a compounding pharmacy.  The one closest appeared to be Melrose Pharmacy.  I was very pleased.  I had never been in there but tend to like the Melrose in general and always like to support local businesses.  A couple of hours later I called to get status and they had no knowledge of anything being faxed in.  I called CVS and they faxed it again.Calling Melrose back, they acknowledged receipt but said that they were backed up and it would be ready the next morning.  Fair enough.  Next morning they said it would be done by the end of the day.  Not waiting for a call, I drove up there 15 minutes before closing.  After a long wait (all visits and phone calls seem to involve long waits) the Pharmacist told me that they lacked one of the ingredients so it would have to be tomorrow.I should point out that I NEEDED this stuff, I was itching like crazy.I did pick it up the next day, though it was ready much later in the day than they had said.  When I got there there was lengthy drama concerning the insurance and their computers.  At one point I made it clear to the Pharmacist that I would pay the full cash price if it meant getting my medication.Three refills later it never got any better.  I made a point of calling in for the refills 3-4 days before I needed it but they just seemed to eat up the available time.  Once I called it in on a Tuesday and got a phone call from the Pharmacist at 4:30 on Friday telling me that they (again) lacked an ingredient and needed to call my doctor.  AT 4:30 ON FRIDAY.  They could have figured this out days earlier but apparently it sat on a shelf for two days for the Phamacist to look at due to the insurance issues.  Yesterday was the last straw, again they lacked an ingredient and wanted to call to get tmy doctor to OK a substitution but claimed that they did not have the doctor's number.  I asked the guy (he said he was a compounder) why I was having all of these problems.  He got off the phone then came back and offered the opinion that the insurance was requiring them to charge too low a price, that they weren't making any money on me, so they were not giving me any priority.At this point I called the doctor's office and got the prescription sent to a different compounding pharmacy, at 44th Street and Camelback.  Working with them was a dream and it was ready in less than 24 hours.  They could have had it sooner but I was not in a rush at that point.The sad thing is that I really wanted to like Melrose Pharmacy.  I even considered  the "I buy my drugs at Melrose Pharmacy" t-shirts while I was waiting the first time..  The people were always vary patient and very nice.  They just could not get anything done.
3	I go here frequently, ok really only once a month or so...I transferred my prescription here from Walgreens because we had some compounding needs and they could accommodate, also I like that they are local and not a chain...but...other reviews have commented on inefficiency and yes it is very very true!unfortunately they are just not that organized - service is hit or miss, generally decent, but only a few pharmacy techs are stellar.also they have restrictive hours - i always need my bc immediately -because i never plan ahead, hahaha- and they are not open on sundays.the interior is cute and tries hard to be historical, like the surrounding neighborhoodthe pharmacist, teresa is a doll and i think she may be the reason i drive a little further to support her business.so if you live or work close-by, they will easily fit into your routine, otherwise you will question your sense of commitment to local businesses, like me!
1	I begrudgingly filled my compounded prescriptions at Melrose Pharmacy for over a year before becoming so fed up I couldn't take it anymore.  The problems started small enough that I didn't mind so much - prescription not ready when I got there, very slow check out and spotty customer service.  After a few times of the Rx not being ready when I arrived, I started calling ahead to see if it was ready.  3 times in a row I was told that it wasn't ready because they hadn't heard back from my doctor.  When I checked with my doctor, my doctor's office said they had spoken with Melrose.  Then, I moved and Melrose offered to mail my prescriptions across town.  The problem is they didn't mail them and they sat in the bin waiting for me to pick up until I called to find out what the problem was.  That occurred 2 times.  I spoke with the Manager who said she'd rectify it.  It happened 2 more times.  The end all was when they mailed a prescription to me and the expiration date on the medication was already past.  I called and they apologized.  I asked how this could happen because someone had clearly initialed the bottle, leading me to believe that it had been checked.  They had no answer.  But I was told a new bottle would be mailed that day.  Later that day, someone from Melrose called to get my credit card information because they needed to charge me AGAIN for the prescription.  I explained I wasn't going to pay for it because I had already paid for the expired drug that I couldn't use.  That was the straw that broke the camel's back.  You need to be able to trust your pharmacy.  Even a small mistake can be fatal to someone.  I have no faith in Melrose and have found a new pharmacy that is far more professional.
4	I love supporting local business.  I have been coming here ever since meeting the owner when I worked at US Bank.  She is friendly and always remembers my name.  They get my prescriptions in pretty fast.  The service can be choppy at times but I overlook that most of the time!
1	I started coming here three years ago because I wanted to "buy local." Back then, it was smaller and the service was great. Now, their service is awful. I have the same prescriptions and have them "supposedly" set up for auto refill. However, every single month for the past couple of years that I come in to pick them up, either part of them are not even ready or the prices are wrong. Each different person (including the owner!) promises me that it will be fixed next month. But it is never ready and I have to wait. And all I get are excuses that their computer software doesn't work or it got jammed in the printer instead of taking responsibility.Well, I'm tired of excuses and have finally decided to take my business elsewhere. Obviously, no one here wanted to take ownership of this problem and follow up to make sure it gets fixed. It just goes to show that this place has gotten too big and too busy (the owner is hardly ever there) and they just don't care about the individual. Maybe they are more interested in hospital orders instead...who knows.
5	Very professional & always friendly. They have always provided clear instructions and information on my Rx.  Support local businesses.
5	I came in here sick as a dog for the first time, right as they opened. The pharmacy is very clean, tidy, and neatly organized. Comfortable seating while you wait is always nice, because you can't find that crap anywhere. Seriously. Try sitting in any store you go to these days. Geeze. Anyway, I got my 4 prescriptions and they gave me verbal instructions and written ones and sent me on my way, including little coupons and fridge magnets to make sure I knew their name and to thank me for coming there.The owners here are wonderful, and I don't even mind the 50's music!
1	Melrose Pharmacy in the past has been reliable but lately they have been sloppy and appear to care less and less about their customers. In the last few months I've had prescription refills not properly sent out to my doctor, prescriptions have been lost, I have been shorted multiple times on prescriptions with an IOU. The final nail in the coffin of this once good pharmacy is that a good feature they once had, a charge account, is being limited more and more. Even though I've been someone that has paid their bill every month, even living paycheck to paycheck, barely getting by, I've been told they can no longer go past their ever shrinking "allowable" charge with the excuse that some do not pay their bill. I've been going to this pharmacy for 3 years and have been a consistent, reliable customer yet there is no flexibility or caring on their part for my financial situation and the fact that I need the charge account because I barely get by as is, 30-40 dollars (which is what my prescriptions usually come to every month) is a lot of money when you barely scrape by month to month. Ever after calling and talking to an employee there, I was still basically told they will not be flexible even though I stated my next step was to regrettably take my business elsewhere (after paying my balance of $16 and my last remaining prescriptions) which is an indication they apparently no longer want my business, The next step will be to take my prescriptions elsewhere, I may not get a charge account, but when a place is already threatening to cancel it, what is the difference? It is too bad because they have good people working there, but they appear to be losing site of customer needs, especially a customer that has been loyal even with various issues.
5	Thus is a very cool little pharmacy! The staff is knowledgable, friendly and professional.They stock a lot of specialty medications and the pharmacist is the owner.
5	I needed a compounding pharmacy and started checking around to see if there were any near my home. Luckily I remembered there was an independent not far away and was super psyched to find out they met my needs.As others stated it is way cute inside. Warm and welcoming feeling, which is a nice change from the sterile environments one usually finds in a pharmacy.  Although two others were being assisted, I didn't have to wait more than one minute for someone to come assist me.  The tech explained that I could order up to three months of the compounded medication and with each additional month, there would be a price cut. I  never would have expected this and was very pleased to find out the discount.I was so pleased with my business, I asked about transferring my prescriptions from a local big box.  This led to my tech telling me about a new service they have where they actually package up your meds in tear off packets to help you keep track and make sure that you are taking all of your medications at the proper time (e.g., breakfast meds are all packaged together, lunch meds, etc.).  They are all sealed in these little grab and go packs, so rather than getting multiple bottles for scripts, you get one box and just start on the appropriate day and time.  It is the most awesome thing! No more wondering if I took something in the morning, or taking two because I didn't remember taking one before.I'm very impressed.  Prices are on par with the larger chains and the service is personal, caring, and actually feels like they want to help you.  Bigger is not always better. Go to Melrose Pharmacy and see it for yourself.
1	Unscrupulous, unethical. Despite stating that I needed a new bacth of medication, they gave me the compunded medications made 2 months prior that had been sitting on their shelf and no longer were effective.  They forget to log called in refills and then tell you that it was never called in. Then they tell you that you are lying about having heard them being called in. They don't call when you order medications and there is no refill. Added to that, as they don't call when the medication is ready, you waste a week without getting any medications.
5	I recently filled my first prescription at Melrose Pharmacy. They were very thorough, lightning fast... PLUS I'm keeping my money local!
5	Very friendly service, love that this place is locally owned! They will text you when your prescription is ready. Overall I've had great experiences here.
