1	First and only time I'll ever go to this location. The guy at the window was straight up tweaking! I'm talking legit meth head, paranoid schizo status, scratching left and right and extremely jittery. I'm surprised he even managed to get my drinks out the window into my hand without spilling them! Yikes... Say no to meth and Burger King for that matter, kids.
1	If there was a way to give zero stars, I would.  My family walked in the door at 4:50, and my son had to use the restroom, so my husband went to grab a high chair and table with my other son.  When he finished (is is 5 and takes forever), we walked straight to the counter to order for their "happy hour".  The lady said it was over, rudely.  I looked at my phone, it was 5:01!  Seriously?  She saw me walk in and use the restroom, and at the very least she saw husband waiting for me.  We were the ONLY people in there!  We ordered nothing an left.  I don't like terrible attitudes and rude customer service! I will never go back there.
3	They are ok... Just go there they got wifi Internet and its all good to catch up with my work and school online while there during my vacation in Arizona
1	When something goes wrong, they don't stand behind the food they sell.
1	THIS PLACE IS AWFUL! Took me about 5 min to get served after several employees walked right past the counter. When We got our food the fries had obliviously been sitting for a while because the fry hopper was full and we were the only ones there. Then they tried to tell me they were out of coffee and smoothies! They need to understand that the people coming in and buying food pay there checks every two weeks. The staff is terrible and the food is awful I will NOT be back
1	Burger King sucks. Took forever to get my food. They forgot to give me my drink and didn't give me sauce
2	Today was an unimpressive day for BK. I was really feeling a whopper. Waited all day, starved myself until the timing/location was right. I've stopped at this location before for a mocha frappe and have always got good service & exactly what I wanted. Today however, it was a different story. Follow me back in time (bout an hour) with an empty stomach and hungry eyes........Older gentleman at the counter greeted me and put the decision immediately in my hands with a friendly "what can I get for you?" Without skipping a beat, Double whopper with queso, hold the cat sauce (AKA ketchup) & dab a little extra mayo on that masterpiece. Since I'm starved but not willing to give up quality for quantity go ahead and enlarge my meal and replace those boring 1945 fries for some SATISFRIES wouldja! "What to drink sir?" Nothing made me happier than letting Mocha Frappe roll of the tip of my tongue & nothing blanketed my party like a snappy comeback from this older gentleman about the mix not being ready. Devastation! But, not all is lost. I attempted to trick my tastebuds into happiness by ordering the mocha iced coffee and I tried to keep my spirits high by remembering the very reason I stopped in here today. My infatuation for a whopper! Well, about 10 minutes later (think they forgot about me, no honestly!) my meal was ready. I proudly marched back to the only clean table I could find and opened the white box of happiness to find a single patty of beef. Alone in a sea of salad. Tried a couple fries on the way up to the counter, and they were cold. The drive thru operator was quick to get the problem for me. That older gentleman quickly moved on scene to see what was shaking. I love older people because they have no filter. Quietly to the burger prepper guy he asks him "what the hell is wrong with you?" Now I'm not the the guy who's gonna complain about a little ass chew'n, especially since I come from a military background. Thats just an everyday thing in my book when you fall short at a simple task. Why do I bring it up then you say, because it was hilarious to hear this older gentlemen in action! I've got mad respect for this guy now and I'm certain if I get out of line he'll call 2 big guys from the back to help adjust my attitude, hahaha!A couple minutes go by & the older gentleman brings out round 2. I duck, I weave and I cautiously open the little white box and POW! A double whopper with cheese, hold the ketchup & add sum mayo. Finally, I've gotten what I've been waiting for all day. Was it a home run, no more like an intentional walk but hey it's what I wanted so I dug in. Those satisfies on round 2-still cold. Well, I wasn't gonna cry wolf twice because the first time went so well. so I chalked it up as a loss. Iced coffee was pretty good tho.... tasted like chocolate milk-YUM! Just getting ready to leave and that older gentleman graced us with his presence from the shadows and offered us 2 complimentary breakfast sammiches for the inconvenience. A nice gesture for an unsatisfying meal. Now that you & I have taken a trip down memory lane I leave you with this little JM fortune cookie. Never trust meal to be what you want when reviews from YELP say you better choose another idea......
1	This location needs serious help. Middle aged guy that takes orders has to be on drugs. I've never seen such crazy frantic behavior from someone who is in charge of handling cash!  Then there is the older guy who is an absolute dear but I don't know if he can't hear or what but I always have to repeat my order a hundred times. The only reason I go back is because I like croissants and they are close to my house.  Another place, like Wendy's,  that even though I always order the same thing it is somehow always a different price (maybe the tweaker is supporting his habit, IDK). I've never been inside and I'm betting if I did I would probably never go back.  Ignorance is bliss.
1	I'm done being disappointed by Burger King. From cold breakfasts, to incomplete orders, i've had it and I won't be back.I loved their satis-fries, but sadly those are gone, and with them any reason for me to visit Burger King again.Save yourself the pain and go across the street to Wendy's because this Burger King the food is usually cold, and often incorrect.
