4	Newly opened thrift store - first impression - smells nice, bright cheery greeting at the door - greeter lets you know what is on sale for the day (determined by the color of the tags) - clothes are arranged by color and style - makes choosing what you want to purchase much easier - selection is very nice for a thrift store - did not see buttons missing, stains, etc. which you can find at other thrift stores.  They also have Senior Day and one night a week clothes are 50%.  Easy parking but getting back onto 51 can be a hassle especially on the weekend.  Great new addition to the area.
5	Great New Location!!!  The other Charlotte Location (Central Ave.) can be a "shady" store in a still questionable neighborhood!  This one is in a GOOD Neighborhood!
4	I recently stopped in with my daughter while we were out shopping for a table for her new house. We walked in the door and immediately spied a dining room table (with 1 leaf) and 4 matching chairs for $159.  The table was in great shape and the chairs had recently been re-upholstered.  We were thrilled with the find and the employees were all so friendly and helpful.   My daughter also found a couple of cool works of art for her house too, so this visit was a double-score!  As Coleen noted in her review, there is plenty of parking, but getting back out onto Hwy 51 after your visit can be a bit of a hassle.  However, for the major savings and thrill of finding such a good deal, that minor inconvenience was well worth it!
5	Nice staff in here. I like to go in and support this store because it's giving back to our community and once in a while you can find some nice things in here. I also like to bring them things I don't need anymore. They do take donations at this location. :) So please go down and help support them. Thank you all and as a bonus its in the same parking lot as Nakato which has great sushi and Hibachi. How can you go wrong really???
1	I have been going to the SA since it opened.  First 8 months it was incredible...great prices..things moved so there was always something new...now things have changed and its a SHAME...SHAME ON YOU!!  The prices are seriously ridiculous now....purses ate 25 bucks...furniture over $800 for a sofa....geez you get these items FREE...isn't the purpose of this store to help folks who are struggling get a foot up with some decent furnishings????   Beyond disappointed and now embarrassed when friends have gone there and report back that it was TOO EXPENSIVE!!!!Seriously...sad...i hope your district mgmt looks into this
