4	So I had read good reviews on the other sites and one of my coworkers at another branch had indicated Z Pizza was good eats. When the location at Monroe and 1st Ave opened, I was very excited since it's just across the corner from my office. There are a few pizzas ready for by-the-slice options--all have proven to be very good. My boss ordered a salad and she liked it; however, as a rule of thumb I don't order salads as a meal. Overall, I really like the pizza, the setting is clean and appears to be efficiently laid out, and being so close to my work could get me in trouble (but that's totally my fault). With the weather cooling off, I'm sure their patio will see increased traffic.There are signs indicating beer and wine are on their way so that will be a plus.We're ordering from here today as an office meal, so I'll be updating with this experience.If you're in the downtown area, check out Z Pizza.
3	I like to think of Z Pizza as the pizza chain for people who think they are being healthy and "cool" when they put fresh veggies on a pizza. I ordered a couple times when I used to live at 3rd street and Thomas and they would deliver to my house. I have to say, when they opened this location, I started thinking back to all my previous experiences and wasn't really that excited about this one opening, but it is something new nonetheless. I went in for lunch one day, and ordered a couple of slices, with a drink. It was like $6 and I was extremely..... extremely dissapointed. The girls behind the counter were very helpful, but that seemend to be the end of it. The pizza came out very quickly, which made me wonder to begin with but the damn things were still somewhat cold... and rock hard. It was some of the shittiest pizza slices I'd had in a long time. Most places are just warming up already made pizza, and at a lot of places it still rocks. NOT HERE. I'm sure the experience might be different if I ordered a whole pizza, but they wont deliver to my house 5 blocks away so I'm not gonna try. Hey, dumbasses, buy a $75 bicycle with a pizza rack on it and offer to deliver to local homes and businesses within like a half a mile. I GUARANTEE you will make your $75 investment back in a couple weeks or less. I have a totally indifferent opinion of the place, but would give it 4 stars if they got a bicycle delivery system in place.
5	O M G!! So today our main guy called in sick so we had to bring in another person who could fulfill his duties. It sounds impressive, but it's just a really cool title. So, anyway, this other guy, Patrick, decided to buy us all lunch on his corporate card. While I'm not one to take advantage of the company's hospitality, I was more than willing to forgo the Curry Chicken Sandwich I've had the past two time (flippin'' out of this world for a sandwich, with the bread slightly on the dry side but no soggies is a good thing) and opt for the calzone. Please, someone kick me in the nuts! Even though I had to wait an hour for my allotted lunch time and the calzone wasn't at its optimal temperature, I swear I leaked just a little during my first three bites. Oddly enough, I opted for the veggie version of this Italian classic which surprised one of my coworkers significantly--she thinks she's converting me to the meatless way of life but have I a different story to tell. Sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes melded with my roasted garlic sauce and mozzarella and ricotta cheese [in all fairness, I think the ricotta was added in error but I'm not complaining!]. While I'd normally take 45 minutes to finish any meal at work, this sucker was gone in under 15 minutes. :sigh: I almost needed a cigarette after that experience. Thank you, z-pizza, for allowing me to experience at work what only the bravest of souls have already--an orgasm.
5	Z Pizza I love you.  Screw Bianco's.  You are the best pizza joint in my book.  Every time I go, I get something fresh and delicious.  I used to always make custom calzones which were always to die for, but I mysteriously switched to pizza one day, and I haven't looked back.  After a bark at the park day I decided to try some of their pepperoni pizza that they had out and it was sooooo good.  That's all I get now.  The pepperoni is just perfectly spicy and the cheese is delicious and gooey.  Isn't that what pizza should be like?  Oh yeah, the crust.  I don't really like pizza crust unless I can cover it in ranch, but there is something about the crust here that is so good.  It's light and kind of fluffy.  It's substantial but not too thick.  Yum.  Plus, I can walk to this place from my house in like 5 minutes.  Score.  Thank you ZPizza for opening downtown, you made my dreams come true.
4	Z pizza is outstanding value for gourmet pizza. I usually go here for lunch as I work downtown and its just a quick walk. For 7 bucks you can get two slices and a soda not too bad. On average there are about 6 speciality slices to choose from. Today I ate the Moroccan and the Italian followed by a single slice of pepperoni. The staff is super friendly and the little pizza place is nice and clean. This is a good place to enjoy lunch and have a view of the light rail. It makes you feel like you are truly in a metro! Pizza is a little bit buttery, the slices are thin and the toppings are fresh. Good Pizza!
3	FOOD:The pizza is a little thin for my liking but it tastes great and the sauce is yummy. I had to blot off the grease with a napkin becuase it was a little much for me.The salad was fantastic. The salad is composed of mixed greens- no the yucky iceberg you usually get. Even the basic salad that can come with the pizza was huge. I could have just ordered the salad.  AMBIANCENothing special about the inside of the place. There are a few TVs that you can watch while you eat- if you like that sort of thing. The only major drawback was that they kept the doors open (it was nice outside) but there were gnats all over the place- kinda gross.
4	I went here today for lunch with a few co-workers, and really enjoyed it. Apparently this place is a chain (I had no idea) and they have locations in SoCal, but I've never been; maybe I'll have to pay them a visit once I get back home.The restaurant itself is a fast-food-ish feeling place with a decent amount of seating. I ordered the 1-slice + salad combo (cheese pizza, caesar salad), and was pleased to find the slices were nice and big and the salad was also pretty good-sized...I hate it when restaurants skimp on their lunch portions. I enjoyed both the salad and the pizza -- I'm not about to claim that they were the best I've ever had, but they were tasty and filled me up, so I'm a happy camper. They also have some other interesting pizzas, such as the Tuscan, Greek, Santa Fe, Thai, etc...the ones they had on-hand today didn't thrill me, but I'd like to go back again and try one of their more unusual-flavored pizzas.Also, I love the fact that they have their nutrition facts on their website, AND as it turns out, their pizzas/salads aren't terribly high in calories/fat/etc. That is thrilling for me. I'll definitely be back.
5	Love zpizza.  Where else can you get cremini and shitake mushrooms, truffle oil, capers or eggplant  on a delivery pizza?  And, the crust?  It's yummy.  I like it in wheat . .. it's a little crispier.  And, their flour and marinara is organic, which can't hurt.  And, last, the XL pizza is huge.  WTF is Dominos, Papa Johns etc all excited about their piddly 14" pizza made out of crap?
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch in downtown Phoenix for two reasons: The food is good and I love that you can sit at the long table in front of the window and watch the light rail and traffic go by. I really dig their balsamic dressing on the house salad (it's a pretty good size) and the pepperoni pizza is very tasty, not greasy. Oh, and the staff is always friendly and fast.
4	2 slices of pizza and a blue moon for 9 bucks?yeah. the other slice is in my frig.. finished the first slice before the blue moon. that says a lot. i just don't know what.
1	$1.65/ oz. for salad.I bought a pear and gorgonzola salad to go. Price: $7.04.  I was shocked at how small the salad was and complained. They could do "nothing" about it.   When I got back to my office, I weighed the salad.  With paper plate, plastic cover, and the small plastic container of dressing on the side .....  7.2 ounces.When I had finished the salad I weighed the plate, etc. They came to exactly 3 ounces. So the actual salad weighed 4.2 ounces.  That comes to about $1.65/ounce.A ripoff.
2	Pizza here is too salty and oily.  They don't really do less cheese when asked.  Plus expensive - personal pizza plus very plain side salad = $18!  I do appreciate the soy cheese, soy burger and whole wheat crust.  And the folks are very nice.  But the pizza quality could be better.  Plus, better hot sauce!  All they have is some runny mildly hot stuff.  What is pizza without Sriracha?
5	I stopped in their last night right before I hit up the Jamie Foxx concert at the Dodge Theater. It's a cute little place. Very, clean and quite quiet on a Thursday evening. But then again it was technically after hours (7pm) in the downtown area so unless major is going on it just may be like this all the time. The guy that took care of me was really sweet. I wish I would have gotten his name. He was patient as I was trying to decide on the only slice of pizza I wanted. LOL In the end I choose a huge slice of piping hot pepperoni and for under $3.00 for my slice, not to shabby. I sat myself down and watched some of the college football game and enjoyed my wonderfully delicious slice of pepperoni pizza. I swear their was pepperoni in ever bite. It wasn't greasy and the crust was just perfect. He even checked up on me to make sure I didn't want a second slice. My mind was screaming YES, YES but alas I was good and politely declined.Very friendly, very clean, great prices and damn good pizza. They have tons of specials so you can't go wrong. Check this place out if you haven't already.
2	eh.bad service.One night my family and I went in about 40 mins until closing, and boy did they look UNHAPPY! Seriously though..40 mins til closing time and they couldn't muster up a semi-sincere greeting. Whatever. I can't even remember the pizza.
4	Always friendly, always clean, always fresh, always quick, always delicious. I go here for lunch all the time.  Especially when I crave the yummy pizza creations or the greek salad or even when I'm not sure where I want to go - I know I'll always find something I like. There are always a good choice of pizzas to get a slice from (meat and not-meat varieties) and plenty of choices for your own pie.  My favorites are the Greek pizza, the Napoli, and the one with eggplant and pine nuts.  Yum!  The new appetizer with hummus and pita is also delicious!  I like that you can get the salad and a slice lunch combo, and upgrade to a specialty salad for just a dollar more.  For a while there, I was always getting the Greek pizza and a Greek Salad.  One time, the guy at the register asked my name and when I told him he said, "That's right, I remember now.  I knew you were the "Greek girl," but I couldn't remember your name."  That's when I decided it was time to change up the order. =)P.S. Go on "Two for Tuesday" when you can get two pizzas for the price of one (not slices) or just one for half price!!
5	The rating is because of the gluten-free crust. Anyone who is gluten-free knows pizza is tough to come by. This is my third shot at a gf crust, and it's a ton better than the others. Thin, fairly crispy (not easily done gf) and good. I got the napoli (tomatoes and basil), and they have a bunch of other specialty pies. Very casual and they do slices. A definite pizza stop downtown.
3	I placed an order on z pizza's website. Holy confusing! adding individual ingredients to your "cart"? I ordered the napoli pizza, so I couldn't understand why there were so many items in my cart. When I went to pick up my pizza, my order wasn't ready, and as it turns out, was sent to the Peoria location. Luckily, the restaurant was completely empty, so they whipped up my order in about 15 minutes.We ordered the pear and gorgonzola salad which was really good, and actually a decent size for splitting between two people. We also ordered the napoli pizza which was ok. It has a garlic sauce instead of a red sauce, with basil, and tomatoes. To be honest, I was a little disappointed with the lack of flavor. Reading some reviews, it had been compared to Pizzeria Bianco, so I had fairly high expectations. However, it's convenient (yay for delivery!), organic, and they do sell pizza by the slices. So I'll definitely be back and plan to try more of their specialty pizzas.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueI have a pretty strong "no reviews of chains" rule.  Partly because I do not like chains for a variety of economic and community reasons, and partly because everyone already knows exactly what they offer so why waste my time.So Z Pizza is easily the most chainy place I've now reviewed (except for that one where I had to 1-star a Subway, those summa bitches).  But it's good and it's Downtown, so this is my one mulligan.I walked in to get a slice at 10:30am.  Now, I didn't expect them to be open, so before I walked in, i fully expected just to fruitlessly tug on a locked door.  But lo and behold it opened!First thing through the door was an immediate "Hello" from the counter, and the guy there was friendly as a golden retriever.  I don't mean that to be an insult, being a dog and all, it's just the friendliest thing i could think of.I ordered 1 slice of pep, and I think because I chatted with him on a boring Thursday morning (who eats pizza at 10:30am?), he actually gave me 2 slices.  There goes my attempt at not being a fatass.  But thank you!The slices were good and greasy.  "Ewww!  greasy pizza!  Dab it with a napkin and wring it like a towel!"  oh shut up.  This is good thin new yorkish style, and grease is a part of the recipe.  Napkin dabbing is like taking the beef out of your hamburger.I just wish there had been some oregano on the table alongside the parmesan and pepper flakes.  I've noticed that oregano is not a big thing here in Arizona.  It's almost always only upon request.  I could have requested it I suppose, but after sitting down and realizing my predicament, I was too eager to commence my metamorphosis to fatass.So yes, Z is a chain, but I still love it.  And this makes me hate myself.  So we are officially in an emotionally abusive relationship now.
1	Glass they gave me for my wine was way dirty. When I asked for a clean one he could not find one. He had to make one by whiping it out. Then I had to pour my wine in as he did not replace the wine. The dueling tvs were annoying also. Pizza was interesting but a bit too greasy
5	There's plenty of pizza-by-the-slice joints for those of us who work downtown, but Z Pizza stands out as the only one that consistently impresses me. Friendly staff, wholesome ingredients, inventive topping combinations and a tasty slice are enough to keep me coming back, and two slices and a drink and a drink always seem to cost a buck or two less than other downtown pizza joints.Lately I've been throwing side salads in the mix with the No. 2 lunch combo. Fresh tomato slices, shredded carrot and red onion on a hearty bed of field greens all taste great with the balsamic vinaigrette. With one slice of sausage and mushroom, it's a filling meal with significantly fewer calories than the two-slice deal.Sometimes I'll order a whole pie to take home for dinner (the Tuscan Mushroom is one of the most inventive tomato-free pizzas I've ever had), and it's always a hit.Bring your coworkers or classmates here for lunch, and they'll forget wherever it was they used to go for slices.
5	Z Pizza, oh, how I love thee! What can I say? Fresh ingredients. Good service. Not terribly expensive. If you're looking for a quick pizza fix look no further than Z.
1	Deserves its place at the bottom of your Yellow pages listing for Pizza. Wishing it were "ZZZ Pizza".--slices on display better suited for a museum of ancient antiquity;--a FRESHLY made pizza (oh HELL, you didn't think I was gonna let you serve me that faded crap I coulda found in the corner of my little brother's dorm room, did you?!!!), two beers and a small salad for $50???!!! several four letter words come to mind, just for you.--finished dough little better than a microwaved Starbuck's panini.--greasy crust wishes it could rise to deserve a Peter Piper Pizza box.--BLARING commercial TV (yes, that means commercials) invades your attempt at conversation while...--staff stand idly doing nothing.--unclean restrooms make you wonder how clean the kitchen is.shame on all of you (no, not you, YOU. yeah you know who you are) who told me I _have_ to try Z Pizza: you really need to try this great restaurant nearby called "Diamonds".
4	Everybody loves pizza and it was evident today at this Z pizza, There was a line to order, a line to fill your drink, a line to get a table and a line to pick up your food.Despite the crowd we were in and out in about 30 min.I opted for the #1 combo, any two slices, a drink all for $6.93 with tax. Not great for 2 slices if you get cheese but a good deal for the gourmet options.I went with one of the daily slices the "greek" A sauce free pizza topped with feta, red onion and katmala olives. The crust here has a decent crunch too it and the chees was cooked enough. There are also some decent condiments, the standard parmesan and red pepper, granulated garlic and a franks style red hot sauce.Once our names were called we lucked out and got a window bar style seat.There is a nice patio which may be some use after October, but for a 110 day in August it is just ornamental.Decent artisan toped pizzas, ok prices and fast service it is a good lunch option for a smaller group.
3	Z Pizza isn't great pizza, but it's pretty good, and the place is perfect for what it is. It's a quick, cheap downtown lunch. I pretty much always get the number one combo when I eat here. Two slices of pizza and a drink for a little less than seven dollars. Not a good option if you just go for cheese or pepperoni, but if you do one the fancier slices, it's worth it. The only negative about this is Z Pizza changes options. That's nice for the sake of variety, but I would hate it if I had a craving for a slice I tried a couple weeks ago only to learn they weren't serving it that day. Today I had the ZBQ pizza. Which was really good. I also had another one that had mushrooms and onion, and feta cheese. The name escapes me, but it was good, too. Z Pizza is open on weekends. That's great for someone like me who works downtown on weekends.  If I forget to brown bag it, I only  have time to grab something fast, and would rather skip McDonalds and Taco Bell. There are better pizza options in the immediate area, but you're not going wrong if you eat at Z pizza.
2	Z Pizza you are nothing special.Rubbery salty crust.  Your whole pizza is merely so so and your slices border on abysmal.  Staff didn't seem to care if I was there or not.  The owner was there and that was more important than my late lunch order.Ok you're organic.  Guess what?  I don't care.  When I want pizza I don't want to feel like I am making a healthy compromise.  I only want something tasty and unhealthy.  That's why I'm eating pizza instead of a salad.  Ok you have gluten free options.  The only thing sadder than that is a fat kid with no money staring at a bakery counter.  I don't buy your hype.  Your food is so so at best.  I will continue to order elsewhere.
5	It is hard to find a place that delivers late Downtown. Z Pizza saved my life! I was really sick at home and needed to eat but could not leave my bed. I didn't want just pizza. I noticed Z Pizza had salads, sandwiches, etc. I was able to order online.... adding/removing any ingredients I wanted. They delivered within 30 minutes and the food did NOT taste like take-out. My calzone was fresh and amazing...as was my salad. I highly recommend dining in or taking out from Z Pizza! They make life easy, and might I add, HEALTHY if you'd like. You can substitute veggie burger crumbles or wheat crust on pretty much anything. Last but not least: the staff was incredibly friendly.
3	I had to go into work a little later later than usual on Sunday, and in my mistiming I forgot to grab the sandwich I made for lunch. With such a limited selection of places in downtown Phoenix open on weekends, I figured Z Pizza to the rescue. When I arrived I was very disappointed to see the slice selection was limited to cheese (which I did not see any slices of ready), pepperoni, and sausage and mushroom. Not having the time or desire to have them make me an entire pie, I decided to settle for a sub combo (subs, chips, and a drink). I went with the super sub, which was pretty much a typical Italian grinder. Nothing special, but not bad. I still give Z Pizza credit for being open on Sundays. But next time I decide to stop in on the weekend, I'm going to have to take the time to call ahead.
4	Took a stroll downtown this weekend to try Z Pizza because I'd heard so much about it. It was delicious. I would have liked a veggie options for slices or at least some veggies on the slices, but I ordered the sausage/mushroom slice and caesar salad... Tasty. In looking at the menu, there are many pizza combos that I would like to try in my future visits or to order delivery. The website wasn't helpful as it mentioned that there was not delivery at this location, but there is. So next time I'm ordering to be delivered straight to the pool. Before it gets too cold that is...
4	We stumbled upon this pizza place while walking around downtown waiting for The Australian Pink Floyd show (BTW-they're amazing) to start. We were intrigued by the Organic tomato sauce sign & the fact that they had wheat dough. It was an absolute a delight! The thin pizza crust was great & the choices for interesting pizzas/toppings makes it a fun experiment & treat! The topper to the experience is that they had some (only a few, but) good choices of beer on tap & offered a great deal on ordering a pitcher vs an individual glass! It was exactly what we were looking for when we ventured out to find something new & tasty!! Only wish we lived closer :(
3	Had an hour to grab lunch during a training, and we ended up here. Napoli pizza was decent, and the ZBQ salad was tasty, but the price was a little ridiculous for the amount of food. Having a time limit was also a little tough, since it took forever for the salad! Yeah, the pizza was ready to go within a few minutes, but then spent another 10 minutes waiting, and in everyone's way!Outside seating was perfect for the day and provided room for everyone.
3	I've been to a few of Z's locations. For lunch, they are great. Affordable and good food. Salads are fresh. Staff is friendly. Their menu is creative, more than just pizza. Not the best pizza ever or anything, but definitely a good choice.
5	Love this place. If you are in the downtown are of Phoenix, you need to get some pie here... Best pizza, cool location... great placelove this one
3	Ah, Z. +1 for the cheap lunch specials+1 for the friendly service and the cute guy at the register with long-ish hair+1 for being open past 6pm in downtown phoenix.Pizza isn't amazing, but, it's not meant to be. The salads are pretty delicious, from 2-5 the slices are only $1, PLUS they deliver within a 2 mile radius and don't charge! If you order enough times (like me, apparently), you get a free large pizza.Oh yeah, there is alcohol.
3	This is, in fact, a 2.5 star review and the only reason it's not lower is because I have had a moderately pleasing experience here prior to the most recent. Said most recent experience was about 20 minutes until close on a Sunday night. I suppose we chose the worst time to go, but the pizza they served us and that we paid about $30 for had probably been sitting in the warmer for 4+ hours. So in other words, it should have been in the garbage hours before we got there and in no fewer words than necessary, epic fail Z Pizza. I do wish success for this place as it is a nice addition to the downtown area, but please implement some quality control. I will give them one more shot, though.
3	It was ok.  Nothing to write home about, but it's a busy little place with quick lunch service.  They had lunch specials and I got the 2 slices with a drink.  The salads looked good too and I overheard a lady saying her salad was really good.  The sandwiches looked ok too-sort of Jimmy Johns-ish.
2	Sadly Z Pizza is currently the best slice in downtown. It's "just fine" pizza and they have reasonably priced daily slice specials.Take note: This place gets some serious lines during the weekday lunch periods (proof enough these are the best slices in the vicinity).
4	The pizza was great. I ordered two slices for lunch and it was delicious. They have lunch specials and a variety of slices to choose from. Within walking distance from the light rail and ASU downtown campus. Yum!
4	Been here twice, loved it both times! Had some type of thai pizza the first time. Very tasty! Second time had a salad, plenty of food for a decent price. And the service was fast! The staff is very very friendly and makes you feel welcome. I brought my dog both times and both times they gave her water. They weren't even scared of her (Great Dane). It's that kind of thing that makes me go back. Probably not my favorite pizza joint, but a good variety of pizza and great location for sure.
5	Love the specials, great place to get a slice.
4	This place always has great service and the food is good. I do think the salads are a bit pricey for what you get but you can't go wrong with the pizza.The lunch specials for the pizza are a great deal although if you go at the end of lunch hour the pizza might have been sitting there for a bit.Overall a good place for lunch and the people are super friendly.
4	Nice lunch specials and a fun downtown location. Very close to the Van Buren and Central light rail stop. I got 1 slice and a side salad for about $8. The salad had lots of "extras" and was way more impressive than the average side salad. You can also select any slice of pizza you want. They have specials that change daily.
1	Honestly Dominoes may be better. Pizza was bland and the chicken wings were soggy.  The bread sticks were good but overall I wouldn't eat there again.  Sorry Z Pizza.
1	Garbage.. All if these reviews are people that like vegan organic gluten free pizza.. Show me the meat and cheese!!
3	Organic pizza...that about sums it up for me. Good when hot but gets cold quick and kinda loses its will to be eaten...Good pizza if you wanna go healthy. Johnnys is next door to get a good chicago dog!
2	FOOD TASTE/QUALITY:  OkaySETTING:  Nice - outside and inside seating, downtown, great locationPRICE:  Outrageous X-LARGE 1 topping pizza (Pepperoni):  $22I live right near by.  I'd love it if this place had even fair pricing.  But the pizza is okay to good, if I'm feeling generous, and it's 2x the price I'd expect.Despite the convenience, I just won't pay the price.It's packed at lunch.  Great lunch specials for the working crowd downtown.At night, it does a fair business, mostly to people downtown for sporting events or at the nearby Orpheum theater.  Maybe people just don't care about getting gouged.But they've got to get realistic on pizza prices.  Especially for carryout, at night.
1	I can think of no reason to go back here other than proximity to downtown.
4	The pizza was crisp and delicious. The place is super casual and very comfortable. The staff is down-to-earth and friendly.I loved the live music from Tom Mein on the patio. It felt great to be able to sit on the patio and enjoy a downtown Phoenix sunset in the spring.Having beer and wine for sale was nice as well. I will be back to try more of the menu.
1	Here's a nice story for you. I've ordered pizzas online through zpizza in the past, so they had my contact information. They sent me an email containing a coupon for one free pizza on my birthday, which was coming up shortly. I went in to redeem my coupon later on a weeknight. One of the two employees working at the time told me that since the coupon came from their corporate office in California, I would have to go there to receive my free pizza. What a jackass. He was a young, hipster-looking guy. Pretty sure he was wearing a backwards baseball cap.LOCATION: Only good thing about the place, it's downtown. Good atmosphere.PRICE: Too high for everything. Pizza's expensive, beer's expensive.SERVICE: Did you read my story above? Every other employee has been pleasant, but this guy really made me angry. I cannot recommend zpizza because of the terrible experience I had there. I steer all of my friends away from this place. Better experience at Brooklyn's NYC Pizza or the new place that just opened up, I forget the name. Both are located a couple blocks from zpizza at 2nd Street and Washington.
3	It was my first time trying Z Pizza, and I really liked it! The workers were really patient in helping me decide which pizza slice to try. Luckily,my friends and I came in during their happy hour (from 3-5pm, I believe). Buy any drink, and get a slice of pizza for $1, limited to two slices. I can't remember which specific pizza slices I had, but I do remember that they were delicious :)Like everything else in downtown Phoenix, there wasn't any other people in the restaurant. It really is strange... And kinda creepy.-R
4	End of a long conference day and all I wanted was a pizza! Zpizza did it for me! Delivery was ridiculously fast and they had this delicious pie with sweet corn and spiced chicken. My first pizza with corn I had in Europe a couple years back and I've never forgotten it.So if you're downtown Phoenix and need something fast and tasty give Zpizza a call.
4	We love coming here. The pizza is always delicious and ready on time.  The location is very convenient to us.Don't try ordering online though, the website is a mess.
1	I ordered 2 times from that place and got lazy service, late delivery and cold pizza and I do not recommend that place
4	Great pizza place. Crust is thin, flavor is good, prices ok. Ideal for a quick bite.
3	The pizza is generally pretty tasty and the last time I went I had the pepperoni and I thought it was very acceptable. The prices are also very reasonable for the lunch hour.
1	I have really loved z pizza in the past, but the last two times I have been quoted a delivery time and it has taken twice as long, over an hour and a half both times. The first time I thought it was a fluke so I gave it another chance and the same thing happened. We will be eating delivery pizza from pizza a metro from now on. Same quality pizza and much better customer service.
4	Well, I suppose I don't have much to go on.  I mean, we were really hungry (had just finished a 10 or so mile bike ride, and had another 10 or so to go), the place was dead (as in, we were literally the only customers), and it was early on a Sunday afternoon.  So three things that conspired to put zpizza in a favorable light.  Well, that and the super friendly and timely service... and the pie.The pizza was seriously tasty.  Not the best I've had, but something I would happily eat again.  I'm looking forward to returning to try their vegan pies.  If the Casablanca (delicious and rich tasting garlic sauce- tasted like a roasted garlic paste- artichokes, mushrooms and three cheeses) is any indicator, I shouldn't be disappointed :)
5	Very good food! Great service! I recommend the California salad! Their new wings are amazing! I order delivery from here all the time, and they're super fast! It's gluten free pizza, almost guilt free pizza
2	Trapped downtown on a Sunday and not much open but this.  I ate my meal which is about all I can say.  Staff is indifferent to whomever is in the building (and you will get all kinds!) and the pizza and pasta are mediocre at best.  But hey; what else is open?
5	I have been gluten free for over a year now, and this makes dining out quite the challenge.  You never know if the employees understand exactly what gluten is, or are taking the precautions that you ask.  It becomes this anxiety fueled worry fest, and you don't want to do it.  Unfortunately, we flew back in from Anaheim and it was getting to be quite late.  We were tired, no one wanted to cook, and the kids were cranky (one of them being gluten free as well.)  I turned to trusty yelp to find a gluten free place near the airport.  Luckily for me, this popped up.Let me tell you, Rebecca, is amazing.  I'm not talking about myself (though admittedly, I AM amazing), I'm talking about the employee.  When I talked to her about gluten free, I ordered a pizza with chicken sausage on it.  She warned me it had gluten, but the Italian sausage did not and would be a tasty substitute.  Way to look out Rebecca, AND have a solution to the problem!  Zpizza, she needs a raise!  Seriously, give her more money to keep her happy and staying there.The crust was tasty, the sauce was great, and the toppings fresh.  Gluten free and gluten eaters in my family agreed, tasty pizza to be had here.  I would recommend this to people with gluten issues because not only was it delicious, but I did not get sick afterwards!
3	The pizza is fine, and always fresh. Nothing too fancy or amazing. But it hits the spot.
3	First time customer. Atmosphere nice, customer service good.  We were only ones in the place (it was great they were open, so many other places downtown were closed). We had pizza and pear salad. Portions were very generious, salad was very tasty, loved the Balsamic dressing  - I love they do not use weeds in their salads, but good crisp lettuce (would go back for that alone). Pizza was very tasty, albeit very soggy (had peperoni & mushroom) - must eat it with a fork and knive, impossible to pick up and bite into it. Would love to see a crisper crust on the pizzas.  The lower score reflects the pizza.  Will go back, but will try sandwiches next time.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I was a first time customer and my lady had been before. I ordered a beer, which was definitely good, but I also ordered the calzone which was not good at all. I asked for sauce on the side, but it was filled with sauce. I don't love chunky sauce, so I use it sparingly. With it inside it was almost a waste. When I got to the middle it was cold. I was so disgusted by the entire experience. My lady told me to send it back, but we were in a hurry and didn't have time to wait for another. Nice location, bad product this time.
3	This place is good, a group of coworkers went to try it at lunch so we could have some other pizza besides Chloe's and Papa Christo's.  The pizza was tasty but I'm not sure where they get off charging such unusually high prices for their slices.  The price does not justify it, and the variable pricing only encourages you to buy more slices-- which is great, I suppose, considering that they are quite small slices indeed.  Better pizza at a better price can be had elsewhere withing walking distance.  If you want 'gourmet' pizza there are plenty of other choices at this price-point which deliver a better experience.
5	Damn good pizza at a fair price plus you can get beer or wine!!!!!! Really what more can you ask for when eating pizza
2	I've had their pizza before and it's not bad, so I ordered for lunch, and now I am sad. I ordered at 11:20 and about 15 min later got a call they they didn't have part of what I wanted but I decided to have them just bring what they did and take the rest off my card, which they did. 20 min after that I got an email saying my pizza was ready and out for delivery. 30 min later I called to ask where my pizza was and if, having been out for 30 min already, it would be cold when it arrived. The woman on the phone responded of course not as if my question was stupid. 10 min later, a full 40 min after it was sent out for delivery, it finally arrived. I asked again if my pizza had really been out for 40 min and the guy looked at me like I was asking a stupid question and assured me it'd only been sitting around for 30 min, not 40. Sadly, my pizza arrived cold, as I feared. From start to finish it took 1.5 hours to bring me half my order, a cold, over priced, personal sized pizza and my concerns were met with...well nothing. I wont be ordering again, not when there are 20 different options close by where I can get better service.
4	Good pizza, fresh ingredients, and lots of healthy alternative options on the menu.  The only bummer with them is that they are so popular that my delivery took over an hour to arrive.  They gave me a call around 11:30 am to let me know that my order would arrive a little after 1 pm.  I appreciated the call and I'm glad I waited.  The pizza was delicious, as was the hummus plate I got, as well.  I recommend giving them a try, your belly will thank you.
3	Visited this location a couple of weeks ago because it was in walking distance from the hotel I was staying at and it got decent reviews on Yelp. I was the only one in the restaurant at 7:00 PM on Monday night, a few people trickled in after me. I ordered a turkey sandwich and wings, both of which were solid. The sandwich was a bit small for the price, good. The service was friendly and fast (not sure if this changes depending on volume). There is an area to eat outside, which was great with the evening weather. I wouldn't go out of my way to return to zpizza, but I wouldn't object to returning if in the area.
5	This place has something for everyone.  I ordered the Pick 3 option: a slice of pizza, salad, and half a sandwich.All for $8.The meal was very good and I will be back.  I have to admit I expected less from this place, but I was proved wrong.  It's not your ordinary pizza joint.  Very good food!  Pizza was thin and delicious....
3	First time being here and it was obvious to most of the patrons so be prepared when you come! There was only one menu along side where the line forms so it was a bit hard to take your time making a decision. The crew seemed a bit lost and hectic (maybe because of busy lunch hour) but were very friendly. The pizza was great! A lot of options that were unique or you can build your own. The prices were a bit steep though just for a pizza. There was a $5-$8 lunch special. The ambiance was very trendy and the outside seating area was perfect for people watching. Although they had two TVs I wouldn't recommend for watching the big game or anything. The mood was a bit too relaxed for that. Overall, the pizza was good and the service was good. I would recommend it if you're looking for more trendy versus money saving meal.
4	This is a pretty decent pizza joint. A little bit out of my price range to make it a regular habit, but worth the splurge every now and then. You get what you pay for right? It's almost always super busy when you go, so we made it a habit to order ahead of time. Still have to wait in line to pick it up, but at least it's made already. You can really tell the difference between this place and your regular neighborhood pizza assembly line.
5	Hands down one of the best pizza spots I've eaten at . They claim to be organic which is to good to be true . I highly recommend this place . The staff there is great too
3	Was down in the so-called downtown Phoenix looking for lunch and came across this chain. Did anyone notice how pathetic downtown PHX really is compared to other real cities? Well, the display case at this location is really pathetic and you cannot see any of the pizzas clearly. It looks like a display case you find in a mall. The slices are cut small, but at least they are real slices and not made secret in the back. The specialty slices did not look appetizing at least at 2:30pm on a weekday, but the cheese looked average and that's what it was, pretty average pizza, no oregano in the sauce and a crust that is not to die for, more cracker-like. I think I got two slices and a bottle of soda for 7 bucks. Not the greatest pizza, but good enough for a quick, but forgettable lunch.
4	Delicious food.  Had the pear gorgonzola flat bread and salad, and my friend had the original calzone.  All was delicious, the staff were friendly.
1	ALERT ALERT!!! the food here has made me sick  with food poisoning twice now. the second time 06/30/14 i had to go to the st josephs emergency room. bad  creepy attitude from the night employee courtney or casey.  i believe she tampered with my food. the manager dave is an absolute disgusting human being. noone willingly apologized, very reluctant to give refund. i do not recommend to anyone!!!! - Registered Nurse
4	Z-Pizza (and Carlos) came through for me in a big way during a recent late night work day. I was going on my 13th hour at the office and my hunger pangs were really getting the best of me and the only thing I had in my overhead was a couple sleeves of instant oatmeal and a pack of Cup O' Noodles. I'm soo tired of oatmeal for dinner and I wasn't feeling the Cup O' Noodles either.  My office is downtown so late night delivery options are almost non-existent and being that I was on command center duty, I could not leave my post so it had to be delivery or nada.  Sad thing is, most of the eateries in my downtown nook roll up pavement between 8 and 9pm.  After calling all my favorite daytime eateries (that were still open at 9pm)which either don't offer delivery or stopped delivery at 8pm, I was just about to give up and settle for those expired sleeves of the oatmeal when I thought to give Z-Pizza a try. Sure glad I did! Technically they too were no longer delivering for the night but Carlos was so nice and said he would do it for me. I had my order in and it was delivered within 20 minutes. My salad was crisp and cold and my pasta & meatballs were piping hot. Carlos was just as friendly in person as he was on the phone and thanks to Z-Pizza I was a happy well fed man.
3	Well. I'm in town visiting and really wanted to try something local. This place is easy to get to and find. The food was just ok. We got a large american pizza with a Caesar salad. The salad was God to me but my friend thought it was a little fishy. And the pizza was also ok. I think it could have used more sauce and more cooking time. But all in all its wasn't bad.
1	Horrible service, came in on a Sunday with my husband and two kids. Ordered one she's fine and waited for 30 minutes, my kids are so impatient we came up to az and they didn't even put the pizza in the oven while there was only three other people sitting in the pizzeria. Clearly they're not ready to cater to the public. We were so irritated at that point that we did not want to stay there, we asked for a refund and left. Apparently were not the first family of the day to ask for refund Because of their poor service. Definitely never going back there again
1	I  have been to this establishment before and i was obsessed. The pizza was solid,  and I was super amped to eat here again tonight. OMG, can you say  totally grossed out by this place. The chick who was cooking did not have a hair net on, and she was freely shaking her hair over the food. WTF! Are hair nets or even hats for line workers  a thing of the past? No gloves either.... And to top it off, she took her bare hands and touched her hair......right in front of the customers and continued doing her thing. What the hell? I am never eating here again...yuck
4	I wasn't all that thrilled to go to Z Pizza, because I had remembered having it in Scottsdale before a ton of them shut down and was not a fan. However, I was severely hungry and in a rush to get to a show, so I decided I could tolerate it.Was happy to see the menu had seemed to be revamped since my last visit many years ago. My family ordered a few different things at the counter, and they were delivered pretty quickly, even faster than they had told us, which was awesome since we were short on time! We got garlic bread and the arugula salad (without walnuts) to start. The salad was absolutely delicious. The caramelized onion with the parmesan and arugula was a terrific flavor combination! The garlic bread was soooo good too, yummy cheese melted on top. Only complaint was that the marinara sauce was like cold. Not even room temperature. Like fresh out of the fridge cold. Thought that was a little odd.The meat eating portion of my family also shared some kind of lime chicken sandwich which they loved, and a chicken sausage, which was also eaten pretty quickly haha. For my main meal I got a veggie calzone. I must say, this was the only thing that I was really disappointed with. The crust was very good, but it was just super watery from the ricotta. Also it was like overflowing with red peppers. I love red bell peppers, but it was just totally overpowering. It was served with icy cold marinara sauce as well. Weird!If I'm in the area I will gladly come back to Z pizza, as all the food (with the exception of the veggie calzone) was super good, customer service was good too.
