4	Love the Dental Depot. Dr. Fine knows his stuff + puts you right to ease.The kitschy train decor and little train running throughout the building is beyond cute. The staff is great -- getting me in last minute or scheduling on a Saturday. Plus, they've worked closely with my insurance to make sure there isn't any surprises when it comes time to pay.
5	I was very impressed. The equipment was brand new, the staff was incredibly friendly, and they were gentle when cleaning my teeth.  I made an appointment because it was close to our house and saw it being built. Will continue to recommend this place, very pleased overall!!!
3	My son LOVES the trains in the play area, and the office staff is helpful.  Two concerns, both involving communication.  One, I asked about the fluoride treatment before they gave it to my son, and my question was completely brushed over and she stuck it in his mouth before I could decide if I wanted him to have it or not.  Whether I would have said yes or no, I don't like the fact that the decision was basically not even given to me.  When the dentist found two fillings, and I asked about preventing (other than brushing/fluoride) in the future, he targeted drinking juice.  My son doesn't like/drink juice, or soda for that matter.  He always asks for water, and that is what he has 99.99% of the time.  The dentist was gone before I could ask anything else, and considering we had a 10 a.m. appt. and the dentist did not enter the room until 10:45, (we waited in the lobby until almost 10:30), one would expect them to take at least a few minutes to talk to you.  Not sure if I can trust them or if we'll go there again, which is a shame because my son really likes the trains.
5	This place was found in desperation to fix a broken tooth after moving to the area. They were quick to get me in and aid in relief of my tooth damage.  Next visit was for routine check up for myself and 3 year-old.  They were very friendly and professional for both of us.  Especially since it was my son's first visit to the dentist.
