2	I'm sad to have to give this place a low rating, because the pizza smelled really good. We got a 16 in. Boston Garden Pizza and garlic knots. The pizza was, well, average at best. Nothing special, though.The garlic knots are what brought my whole opinion of the place down. They didn't look fresh. They didn't taste fresh. The one I ate was chewy in a bad way... just not appetizing at all. (Especially for an appetizer. Hehe! Yeah, that was bad.)Anyway, what I had was definitely not 25 dollars worth of pizza.
2	On the East Coast, an idiotic race exists among pizza parlors to advertise themselves as having NY-style pizza. What the hell does that mean? Ever had a pizza in NY? Most of them are greasy, awful slivers of dough crust with minimal sauce and too much cheese, so the cheese slides off in mouth-searing clumps. Not really something you want to mimic or claim to match.But out West in Las Vegas, there seem to be a few pizza restaurants claiming they make their pizza East Coast style. This usually means a thick doughy crust as a pizza handle to eat with and a thin, doughy base to the pie. Add a small layer of sauce and gooey cheese.So last night, we ordered a large pie (half plain, half mushroom) from a place called East Coast Pizza, which claims to make Boston-style pizza.Claims of making a specific East Coast city-style pizza aside, their pizza is pretty tasty. The cheese wasn't slathered on in nasty clumps and the sauce was plain, but done well. All in all, not a bad pizza. And, unlike most East Coast pizza places, the mushrooms on the pizza were fresh and tasty instead of nasty and canned.
2	Had a Groupon for a large pizza, wings and garlic knots. Called in for pickup and arrived at the restaurant 20 minutes later  like I was told. The place is on Ft. Apache  & Sahara, in the Target shopping center (but on Ft Apache). I walked in, wasn't greeted by anyone so I asked the two women who were hovering near the cash register if they worked there. One replied, "yes, but I'm not clocked-in yet." Then more silence. I told them I was there for a pickup and the other woman (who apparently was clocked in but couldn't bother saying hello when I walked in) told me the pizza wasn't ready. I took a seat and caught some basketball on TV (they have a few) while I waited. The guy making the pizzas came over to me a few minutes later and handed me my order. He was super friendly but, for some reason, him handing me my food freaked out the woman behind the register. "She hasn't paid!," she yelled from across the room. Yeah, I hadn't. May have had something to do with the fact that I was greeted with silence when I walked in and then again after I asked, and was told, my food wasn't ready. Upon hearing her yell, some of the patrons at nearby tables looked at me like I was about to grab my pizza and run. I wasn't. Seriously embarrassing. I walked over, paid, said thank you to the pizza maker (who remained friendly), then left. So, as far as experience/service, it was horrible. As far as the food goes, wings were tasty. They were breaded (which I didn't expect) then fried then tossed in sauce. Garlic knots were slightly dry, probably in the oven a minute too long. The pizza (half cheese, half pepperoni) was huge. Big slices and real "east coast style." It was good. Not extraordinary. Will I be back? Highly unlikely. While the pizza was tasty, it wasn't exceptional and definitely can't compensate for the poor service. If you do decide to try it, the place lets you bring in your own beer/wine.
