3	My review is for 3.5 stars- the prices are better than the Albertson's across the way, but the customers are so freaking weird. And the panhandlers are annoying. It's in our area, so it's convenient, which is why we go. My husband shops here the most for groceries- rewards. (I go to Wal-Mart ,Target & Fresh & Easy mostly). I once saw Cook E Jarr here past midnight, wearing the gold chains over his hairy chest in an open butterfly collar shirt, with his thick big hair and darkened big shades- yeah, not nice, super cheesy. I see a former realtor working/moonlighting here as a cashier/assistant manager, from time to time.
3	This is one of my close shopping options since I live 2 blocks from this location we hit it quite often since the prices do beat Albertsons. Most of the time the store is pretty well kept and I can find "Some" Fresh veggies but as Margret C's review says the clientelle is usually a little odd and I am not a fan of my wife heading there alone with all the panhandling that does take place right outside the doors. The saving grace for this location came a few weeks back just after thanksgiving... My wife and I made some delicious turkey for thanksgiving but she really wanted a freshly cooked ham about a week after so I volunteered to cook it since she never has. She took off to go to the store since our daughter was sleeping I hung back at the house. About 20 minutes later she comes walking into the house with a bag and says, " I got the ham, I hope its the right one."  I opened the bag and low and behold it was a smoked log of deli ham... This was in no way shape or form the correct thing so instead of making some crazy comment or letting out the laughter I had inside I offered to take the item back and get the right one. The words, " I will take it back " came out long before the thought hit me.... I have never returned anything to a grocery store, do they even do that? Well, the answer to that question is yes, I walked in with the bad o ham and the manager asked why i was returning it and I told her well my wife meant to buy a baking ham not deli ham so they let me return it since they did not have any baking hams. The management has always been helpful and pleasent to deal with so I guess overall I dont mind the location as long as I am there with my wife but I would not send her there on her own.
1	This poor Smiths... just ugh.  In comparison to my neighborhood Smiths, this one is just sad.  Dirty, dated, poorly run. The fruits, veggies, and bakery items look old and stale, and honestly, I couldn't even bring myself to buy anything.
4	What can I say it is close to work. Parking lot is always full though.
1	Don't shop here. The employees are rude and stupid. I informed Kroger's corporate office about a bad incident I had with an employee and they did nothing.
3	Being the closest grocery store to me while staying on the strip, it has everything I need. There's a good sized produce section and a whole aisle for organic, natural products. The prices are fantastic. The staff here though is really rude, I despise going to check out and good luck finding an employee on the floor.It's not the cleanest or prettiest grocery store but it's cheap and convenient
2	I did my grocery shopping mostly here while I was on vacation. It got the job done but is nothing special. The produce section was smaller then I would have liked but they have a whole aisle for healthy more organic options. Staff is not very friendly. Meh, gets the job done but nothing to ride home about
1	Rotten lobster more than once. Rock hard frozen chicken in the "fresh" section. One more ruined meal and I will never shop here again. Wish Albertsons was still open across the street.
3	I'm one of those annoying "urban pioneer" type white people who moves downtown all progressive-like, and then bitches about there being no grocery stores. But what you have to understand about me and my people is, when we say "no grocery stores," that's really hipster-speak for "no Whole Foods/Trader Joe's/Organic Artisanal-Retentive Mart ." The fact is, there ARE a few grocery stores around...they're just a bit "colorful."My options for groceries within a mile of my house are basically the GHETTO-ASS Albertson's on Charleston & Bruce (every time I've been there, someone is being arrested out front) (literally), or this Smiths. So I usually go with this place.Actually, this Smiths really ain't that bad -- they cater to my ilk with a surprisingly well-stocked natural foods aisle, that actually has most of the shit I buy at Trader Joe's or places like that anyway -- food as well as natural hygiene products. The prices are a bit higher sometimes, but if you get a shopper's card (or just use Jenny's number -- 867-5309) you can often score pretty good deals. The produce selection is decent, but far from abundant -- no organic produce or kale or anything like that, just the basics. I can't really speak to the bakery, butcher shop or frozen meat selection, since like all good progressive white ladies I stay away from bread and meat.I make up for that with my prodigious booze consumption, which brings me to the liquor dept: gated off waaaay in the back of the store (to discourage theft), with a fairly basic selection of hard liquor and wine. An annoying bell rings when you enter, alerting everyone in the store to your pathetic degenerate status.Aside from that minor inconvenience, they also have a pretty big drugstore selection -- everything but makeup. And the rest of the store appears to stock all the usual grocery-store-type essentials (soup, spices, frozen pizzas....Idk, I eat out most of the time) at typical prices.On all of my visits, the staff has been friendly and cool, and the store itself is fairly clean. It's just the parking lot that has issues! I know they can't help being in a "transitional" neighborhood, but it seems like they might hire a security guard or two to stand guard out front and keep the pandhandlers away. Lord knows I can't be giving my precious cash to bums, when there's organic hempseed oil to be bought!!!!!! Also, a thorough pressure-washing of the parking lot might be in order, just to spruce the place up a bit and blast away the bloodstains and wino-puke puddles. It's the broken window theory, already! And how about a bike rack, for us tree-hugger types?I mean, come on. I've been to some real swanky Smiths stores out in Summerlin and such...I know it can be done! Don't you want my coveted hipster buck? I'm telling you, if you would only pander to me and my uppity ilk a bit, you could RAKE in the ca$h!!! Right this very moment, downtown Vegas is in the throes of an urban-core revitalization that is bringing tons of my peeps into your area! And guess what: we're hungry!!! Guess what else: we've been driving crosstown to Trader Joe's and Sprouts!A word to the wise, Mr. Smith: up your game, or be left in the dust when Harry Armpit opens up his Crunchy Granola Supercenter/Yoga Studio down the street in that empty storefront by the Huntridge Theater, as so many locals have been clamoring for him to do. Mark my words, we progressives are very vocal and activist-y...it's gonna happen!But in the meantime, if you were to show us a little love and respect...we would repay you in spades, by spending all our hard-earned cash at your establishment (well, all our cash except the chunk we give to NPR and Save the Whales).Come on, guys!!!
4	I live in the Huntridge neighborhood and frequent this Smith's for most of my grocery needs. The staff is fantastic! I was there last Sunday and was greeted in the bakery section by an older lady with a tray of tasty brownie samples. Score! They were delicious! The interior looks a little older but it is clean. I can handle that. It's a lot like our historic neighborhood. Some of the houses are decades behind modern but they are clean as can be on the inside. The outside though-needs some attention. I get hit up by panhandlers and watch bums scoping out cars every time I visit. I shop alone and I don't feel safe. I ride a scooter and there is no where to lock it up. Me and the other scooter riders lock our 'PEDs to the Handicapped signs and that usually earns a glare or two but there is no way I'm not locking my scooter. There is a bike rack but it isn't in a place that the scooters can share it. Savers has a rack for us, can you do the same?Please help us shop with you and be comfortable getting in and out of your store. Thank you!
3	Smith's has some very good things about it and other aspects that are downright horrible. Let's start out with the good. I love their cold cut selections. Although it is pricey, the taste is awesome. They also have an extensive output of bird seed ranging from dried meal worms to unhulled sunflower seeds. There are bird feeders and houses for sale. Their natural food/health section is decent and much more economical than Rainbow's End down the street. One can find dietary supplements, gluten-free foods, all natural sugar substitutes (e.g. brown rice syrup and agave nectar), vegan ice creams (e.g. soy, rice and coconut), avocado oil potato chips, and chocolate bars made with sustainable chocolate. Sometimes they run wild sales and one can find steals on durable pet beds and outdoor furniture.The alcohol selection's extensive for a non-liquor store, and they have some of the lowest prices for a grocery store off Vegas Blvd. One can find import and specialty beers, a broad assortment of wines and decent liquor options like tequila, whiskey, vodka and the usual suspects. They close at 1 a.m. and open at 6 a.m. so if you want to have a last call or pull an all-nighter, it can be done.Now, onto the bad...Customer service is sketchy. It is not uncommon to catch employees slacking off at work. I have seen deli employees eating in the deli counter in front of customers. That is wrong on so many levels. When I brought this to the employee's attention, she brushed me off. I had to contact management and only he acknowledged that this was wrong. Some of my family works in the food industry and if they were caught doing that, they would be written up in no time. Besides this, customer service overall is bleh. If you can check out in peace, that's the best you can hope for. Smith's poultry is sometimes sold rotten judging by the rotting flesh odor that permeates some chicken packages. I have seen meat selling past the sell-by date. I had to notify the meat packer of this, and his attitude was blase. No apology, nothing. More interestingly, I have come across rotten meat that is within the sale date. This makes me wonder if temperature abuse is taking place. Before I became aware of this, I noticed that their chicken did not always sit well with us and could not pin point why. A word of caution: Keep an eye on Smith's prices. Sometimes their sale prices do not show up when you check out (even with the discount card) and have to tell them so.
1	The only reason I shop at this store is b/c it's the one in my area. First of all, Folks-if you get bad meat or anything else that's not right, TAKE IT BACK and get your money back. As long as you have your receipt and a good reason, they can't turn you down without risking a visit from the County Health District once you report it. This store is awful in terms of customer service and the prices are very high; maybe not compared to Albertson's  but if you have transportation, Trader Joe's will impress you mightily with their products and prices as well as their clientele. You can also find a lot of the same products at a much lower price at Walmart. I have seen  pricing on a small item - at Smith's -  anywhere from a dollar to 3 dollars higher for the same product I can get at Walmart. I only shop items that are on sale at Smith's, otherwise I am paying too much. The  good things I can say is that when I've been there the produce department looked very good and most of the stuff looked fresh. But unless it's on sale the prices are comparably high. Also you can refill your own by-the-gallon water inside the store for only 25 cents each and it's very good.You can avoid a lot of the riffraff that shop at this Smith's  by going in the morning before 10 or 11. Many of us are just waiting and hoping for a new store like the Kathy's store which used to be on east Flamingo or Desert Inn back in the day, then became Wild Oats then moved to Henderson to a more sophisticated type of clientele than the folks who were moving into this general area, and became a Whole Foods with the most absurd prices I've seen yet, prices I refuse to support so I never shop there. Some consumers can be really stupid, and keep prices high for the rest of us.  Now that the downtown area is drawing more of the hip crowd, we can only hope that those of us who are smart consumers will get a new Kathy's type store--small but with great products and excellent pricing. Take note, Trader Joe's, you're missing an opportunity!
5	Was at this store today and I the store and staff just fantastic and the prices were great they can count on my business more often
1	Upon walking into the store today, I observed a musty and nondescript odor. I looked around to see if the store was dirty and it did not look so and continued to shop with that thought in the back of my head. Big mistake.We had a real horrible experience in the meat counter. The seafood attendant with a British accent ridiculed me because I requested my meat an exact weight. He presumed that I did not know how to read the scale. Really? There was a male customer (young, tall and athletic) that chimed in and joined the ridicule parade. When I said that neither of these men knew how to act, the seafood attendant and customer went on the offensive. Things soon escalated, and staff and management only made the situation worse by siding with the male customer and seafood attendant. The male customer was so offended that somebody stood up to his bully antics and demanded that we be kicked out of the store for putting him in his place. There were some female staff (which included the neck tattooed Store Manager) who came to find out what was going on and went along with this bully's wishes on baseless accusations. I guess bearing a semblance to Jeremy Meeks makes the ladies melt these days, even if they are management. We requested for them to treat us equally and if they didn't want bickering customers in their stores, he should go too. Management and security was reluctant to behave impartially and just about allowed him to check out in peace. When we saw the disparity and brought this to management's attention, female service level employees descended like hawks and took attributions that do not correspond to them. One of the staff that showed up told me to "zip it" when I addressed my concerns because she was talking (while shoving her fingers in my face) and I had to listen. Not even my mother treated me this way growing up and I was not going to allow such blatant disrespect. The female crew level employees who engaged in this behavior took a situation that they did not even witness and turned it into their 15 minutes to shine and suck up to the men (the abusive male customer and security). The female Store Manager was too weak to assert her authority and allowed everyone from the Meeks look alike to her employees act like school yard bullies.Smith's staff (with the exception of a few kind people) carry their biases on their chest and that prevents them from conducting business appropriately. They don't have the sense to know when they can win or lose. I say this because we had more valuable things in our cart than the male bully. Lately, we had avoided going to Smith's because things overall deteriorated and their sometimes lower prices were not worth the hassle. As a result of this monkey business, we will never go back to any Kroger's affiliate again! We've told our family and friends already.I can see why Rainbow's End prices (down the street) are much higher: to keep the detritus from washing ashore.
5	Way cheaper than wal-mart and way cleaner. This is a great store. I went in late and didnt have the coupon, but the clerk gave me the deal on cereal anyway which made me really happy, thus I'm writting this review! Never waste money at Walmart again.
5	They surely know their products! This is the only grocery i know that knows where their WIC products are. Employees are also very helpful.
