4	Nice place. Very new. But it is the only Mexican food near here without having to go all the way to South Blvd. Not officially opened as of 11/29/2012 but serving food. Waiting for his liquor license to come in before he has the grand opening. Had the lunch special of 3 tacos with a side of refried beans. Has many choices of tacos. Ground beef, steak, chicken, marinated shredded chicken and a couple more I can't remember. The chips were warm and fresh and the salsa was very good, Very tomatoey, lots of onion and cilantro and just enough heat. Not runny and watery. The tacos were quite good. I had the ground beef with lettuce, tomato and cheese. They were very tasty. They are also offered with cilantro and onion as well. The man running the place served me and was extremely friendly and made sure everything was OK or if I needed anything like more chips or anything else. The best part was my bill was only $6.41 and I wasn't still hungry when I left. I think I'll be going back there again.
4	Love this place.  First went for lunch.  The place is SPOTLESS, bright, cheerful.  Had the Flautas and they were very good and as mentioned in previous reviews, fairly priced.  Service was very nice - prompt, friendly, unobtrusive.   Took the family for dinner last night, arrived late and were greeted as if they had been staying just in case we came.  Great selection of Mexican beers and tequilas.  Food was delicious - you can get fajitas everywhere but these are really good.  Service again was excellent.
4	We have struggled to find good Mexican food since moving to Charlotte. Found it here at La Frontera! Having lived in TX for 7 years from San Diego, we have a love for the traditional Mexican of So. Cal., and then discovered what became some all-time favorite TexMex dishes. We couldn't even find a decent margarita here until we found La Frontera. The guacamole and margaritas were good, as was the taco sampler plate. I had camarones al mojo de ajo (shrimp in garlic butter). My only suggestion, which the manager promised to help with the next time, is for the shrimp to be deveined and shells removed before cooking. Tail on would be simple enough to remove, but it took me a good 10 minutes to clean and shell all of them, and by then, my husband was half-finished and most everything else was cold. Like I said though, the manager said he would take care of it the next time we ordered a shrimp dish. Attentive & friendly service in a clean cheerfully decorated restaurant goes a long way too!
4	La Frontera is now our favorite local Mexican restaurant in Steele Creek. The huarache is delicious, especially the carnita with green sauce. So yummy! The margaritas are simple but effective. I think they are half price on Thursday. The decor is lovely, too, and the staff is so friendly!
5	I love this place. By business partner (Beth) and I go for lunch a couple of times per week. This restaurant is always clean, and the staff is super, super nice. Don't forget to ask for the homemade hot sauce.The decor is vibrant and inviting. They have a stage for entertainment, although I haven't seen any advertisement announcing any bands, etc, but just being in the restaurant makes you feel good.I do hope that they can generate more business. I want to see them succeed. They really do have great food, and I love the little re-fried bean tortilla bowl that its served in. I have even thought about producing a video for them in exchange for food...its really that good.
5	New name is Poblanito . . Still trying to rev things up , new restaurant but I think the food is fresher than most and the place has a manager with character, Jose ..
3	Looks a bit warehousey on the outside, but it's really nice on the inside. Clean floors, clean booths and a stage at the front where a band was setting up as we got ready to leave.I went with the steak fajitas. A good portion of steak and a lot of onions and green peppers. Enough that four burritos weren't enough. Of course, served on the usual sizzling metal platter with sides of pico and rice and beans.It wasn't any more special than a dozen other Mexican restaurants within five miles, other than the fact that it appeared way newer and way cleaner.
