4	I am so happy to have another fresh bread option in the neighborhood. Dukes is diagonally across The Plaza from the Harris Teeter (and right beside the fire station.) I was toting my groceries home in my backpack today and noticed the store had opened. I went in to check them out and enjoyed a sample of some very fresh sour dough bread with their parsley and garlic oil. Dukes Bread shares a house with an antique store. They now are selling primarily sour dough bread in various configurations. I was told that they are working on plans to increase their selection. Go by and visit.
5	If you want fresh and local, Duke's Bread is where it's at!  Everything I've tried here (sour dough rustic, cracked pepper round, rosemary round, Monterey pepper jack round and cranberry cinnamon loaf) has been exemplary. The Monterey pepper jack round is a must and the cranberry cinnamon loaf makes a mean french toast. So excited for the new store front!  Keep doing your thing, guys!
5	Rosemary Sea Salt is my favorite!  Always consistently great bread!
4	One day, I received this "Howdy, Neighbor" postcard from Duke's Bread.  They were setting up shop nearby and offered me a $1.00 off of a round of bread.  It so happened that last week, I was having a friend over for dinner.  I had finalized my menu, and then it hit me.....I needed an appetizer.  So, I went by Duke's Bread with the postcard to see if they could help me.  At first, I was a little confused.  I opened the door to find an antique store.  But, lo and behold, a friendly lady peeked her head out of a small room.  She was wearing a Duke's t-shirt, so I knew that I was in the right place.I had wanted the foccaccia, but they had no more.  So, I chose the gorgonzola stuffed round.  I noticed that they had bread samples with parsley oil and spicy tomato oil.  I decided that the spicy tomato oil would go lovely with my gorgonzola round, so an appetizer was born!My little dinner party was a hit and so was Duke's bread with the spicy tomato oil.  They are on my "gotta frequent" list.
5	Great, fresh local bread! Discovered this in the market beside Luna's Living Kitchen while waiting for a table. Sourdough is DELICIOUS. Great prices and employees.
5	Outstanding Bread, I had no idea till I read here on OUR YELP that they had a storefront. I have always gotten it at the Farmers Market at the York Rd locations. Never do I go and not get a loaf or two. Rosemary Sea Salt is incredible and the Spicy Tomato Oil is really delicious with it..but ANY of the breads are great..Now I don't have to wait till the weekend to get it..So excited..Its Great!!
5	Love their tomato oil and Gorgonzola bread!!!! I call ahead and have them save them for me because I'm so addicted!! Damn you Dukes!! Keep up the good work!!
5	Been a huge fan of Dukes for years and I was stoked to hear that they had a retail location in Plaza Midwood. It was really cool to see that they took over a side room in the old Beadlush spot on Plaza next to Whiskey Warehouse and just caddy corner from Teeter. It's a small space with only enough standing room for about 4 warm bodies, but it's super cute. Metro racks take up the rear part of the space with tons of freshly baked breads available for purchase. They also have an array of t-shirts available for purchase. My favorite has always been their rosemary asiago foccacia and rustic sourdough, but we also picked up a loaf of the cracked pepper and jack loaf, which was awesome. If you're in the Wood, stop by and grab a loaf.
