5	First started working out here about two months back and let me tell you, the staff here is AMAZING. The equipment is great and the staff really takes the time to work with you and make sure you get the results you want. Definitely recommend LA Boxing! I think they still let you have one class for free so check it out.
1	I tried a free class here and I was really interested in signing up but the down payment for a membership was $279! I told the manager that I was really interested in joining his gym but the start up fee was too much. He got an attitude and told my friend and I that we were looking at him like he had two heads and he is not going to waste anymore of our time. I was hoping he would work with me. I wasn't asking for a handout but $279 is way too much considering I can go to Gold's Gym and sign up for $20.There are more affordable options out there I found Lee's ATA Martial Arts and it's $20 for unlimited classes the first month. http://www.leesatamember.com/
1	Came in for a free class. When I got there 15 minutes early,  the manager threw a paper down for me to fill out, never taking the phone from his ear to greet me. I brought in my own wraps. He was annoyed they weren't long enough. Started the boxing class. It was okay. He wasn't very good about showing technique or correcting anything you do wrong. But it was still an okay workout. At the end he was back on his phone but finally decided to help a family buying wraps. He looks over at me standing by the desk waiting and looks annoyed and asks me why I'm standing there. I told him I wanted more info. I really wanted to join and knew how much my friend paid 2 days earlier. He tried to charge me an extra $100. I told him about my friend and that's when he became rude. I told him no, I'm not joining if I had to pay more than someone else did 2 days earlier that I recommended going there. I called a different location and was offered the same deal my friend got that he downright refused. When my friend showed up for a class 30 minutes later she told him I was offered her rate, he said I was lying. He gave up $2100 of membership fees over $100. But if you are reading this, seriously, join a different location. These memberships are expensive so you deserve real customer service.
1	Thank you so much for the reviews!  Sound like the same techniques they use at 24hr fitness and la fitness.  At least the employees there are not rude like the ones in these reviews.  I'm not sending my employees to this place
5	Intense!
5	First started working out here about two months back and let me tell you, the staff is AMAZING. The equipment is great and the staff really takes the time to work with you and make sure you get the results you want. Definitely recommend LA Boxing! I think they still let you have one class for free so check them out.
