4	There is nothing like walking into El Pollo Loco and actually seeing the chickens grilling in back.  The smell hits you as soon as you walk in the place.  I guess it makes me feel good to see "fast food" actually taking its time cooking.I love the chicken bowls.  I always substitute the pinto beans for the BBQ black beans.  YUMMY!And, if you so desire, you can order tortillas on the side and they give you a choice of corn or flour.  Both are really good!  Chewy, stretchy and don't fall apart when you use them to eat.The restaurants are always clean and well-kept.  I've been to a few different locations.
4	I love the Loco. I really do. We come here several times a month. It's so yummy. The chicken is always hot, and it's so tasty. I swear I could swim in the green salsa. It's sooooooo good.The chicken is very flavorful and you always see it cooking on the back grill. It's not "cheap" fast food, but you get what you pay for. It's moderate in price, but I think it's well worth it. The churros (2 for 99 cents) are like sticks of heaven.I'm loca for the Loco. :)
4	I truly enjoy the fire roasted chicken here.  The price is affordable and well worth the money.  I am somewhat luke warm with regards to dark meat which they seem to promote.  The side dishes are good and they have free salsa in the condiment area.  Fries typically take a few more minutes to prepare.Good overall.
4	If you've never eaten here, order the chicken with sides or the original pollo bowl. They also have a dollar menu. It's a good fastfood place to eat food that doesn't taste like fastfood. But go for the food, not the atmosphere. The restaurant is old but clean. My husband has to eat here at least once a week, it's his favorite.
4	The hubs & I love El Pollo Loco! It's a quick drive from our house, so I'd say about once a month we get a craving for it. Their chicken is the bomb & smells delicious as you pull up to the drive thru window. Our fav side has to be the mac & cheese, weird I know considering this is a mexican food joint, but man that stuff is good. We also enjoy their flour tortillas. They usually have a meal deal that includes a free cake but we aren't cake people so I always bring it to work. But we do love their flan & the churros are pretty good too. There can be a lil bit of a wait sometimes at the drive thru but trust me, it's worth the wait!
5	I LOVE THIS CRAZY MOTHER F'ING CHICKEN!!! Every time I go to El Pollo Loco my socks are knocked off with not only DELICIOUSNESS but QUALITY!!  The chicken is great and all the sides are great ESP. THE NEW SIDES!!!!! SWEET POTATO FRIES & CRAZY SWEET ROASTED CORN!! Sign me up!  For real the food here is always amazing and not only this El Pollo Loco but them all they raise the chain restaurant bar high like 25 feet if we were pole vaulting, jon gets it do you?!
4	Can't go wrong with The Crazy Chicken, really.  Their marinating sauce is unique and tasty.  When I have family in town I always get a meal with some sides and everyone ends up happy and stuffed.  They have sweet potato fries which are much better if you ask for them well done.  The burritos are excellent if you don't feel like making your own chicken tacos, and their selection of sauces goes perfect with any of their meals.  I could eat here once a week.
4	One thing I miss about AZ is El Pollo Loco...yum. Love the marinated chicken tacos I make-and it reminds me of my childhood. Not bad for fast food chicken.
3	The chicken and salsa are great but they appear to have downsized the size of the chickens pieces the last year or so. I would rather they raise the prices a little as opposed to this tact.
5	Is there anything better than El Pollo loco as far as fast food restaurants go - I think not! I love the cilantro dressing.
1	What Happened to this place? High prices and bad food...
5	A few days ago was my first time at El Pollo Loco. I wanted to check it out since my friend had recommended the food. And it was delish!! I went through the drive through on a weekday evening around 10:50pm (10 mins before they close). I'm always nervous about going to places that are about to close since I expect the people to be in a hurry to get me out of there, but even through the drive though, the person was super helpful! He gave advice on what people generally like since I hadn't been there before. He let me get a bottle of water instead of a fountain drink without throwing a fit or overcharging me. And, since they were about to close, he gave me lots of extra corn cake, which I have to say is pretty much the most delicious thing ever. I am obviously now a huge fan. I got the mango something salad (awesome). My husband got the chicken avocado burrito (even more awesome). No more Taco Bell for me! They've even given Chipotle a run for their money, and I'm typically a huge Chipotle fan.
4	I've only been to Pollo Loco a couple of times but I'm definitely a fan. Today I ordered the Chicken Avocado Taco Combo. This includes two soft chicken tacos along with chips and a soda for $6.99 plus tax.I really enjoyed the tacos which came with lettuce and a slice of avocado and a sauce that made everything come together. I thought the pricing was fair and the A/C was definitely cranked up a skoosh too much today. I'm going to make this a go to destination when the outside temps are in the 110 degree range.
5	My husband and I LOVE El Pollo. The chicken is so tasty, the Pollo Bowls are so good and the service is excellent! We have been dining here at least once a week for years now.
4	Love real chicken!!
3	$5 for a drink and original pollo bowl (rice, beans, chicken). Not a bad deal for a fast food place. It reminds me of a cheaper Chipotle. Definitely get the avocado salsa!
3	I feel that this is a mixture between like Taco Bell and Chipotle. The food here is actually really tasty and they have some really good sauses but in my opinion is a little pricey for the amout of food you actually get. Its somewhere i would go again but only of im not on budget
4	For fast food very good and love to pick up the tasty food every once and a while....too long of a wait when doing drive through. .food is always fresh
4	The food is great can't complain.. The only thing is the manager is very greedy with the salsas!!  This is the Pollo Loco near  7st and bell rd.
