5	I finally found a gyno I liked! And then he gave up his practice. And then he took it up again. And then I moved... We all know how it is trying to find the right doctor, specifically the right gynecologist. I don't know about you, but once I find a good one, I will drive. And I do drive for Dr. Brodkin- from Chandler. Dr. Tara Brodkin is young, friendly, a good listener, and above all extremely professional. She is willing to answer patients' questions over the phone. She is patient with those patients who might spend too much time on Web, MD and self- diagnose on their blackberries while in her waiting room. The office is a nice place to be; the waiting room is well kept and welcoming. The staff are friendly and accommodating. I highly recommend Dr. Tara Brodkin.
5	Dr. Brodkin is the BEST...and don't you deserve the BEST?!?!She is concerned for your well being as a patient and willing to find the answers to your questions.Highly recommend!  Email for specific questions :)
5	Wow!  I have been to several OB practices here in Scottsdale and sad to say, have not been very impressed with any of them (usually over worked doctors and poorly runned or staff issues). What I usually experince is grumpy front office staff. Could never figure that out!  Seems like it would be a great job to have, beats digging ditches or working at Walmart!   This place is wonderful!  The front desk staff was nice, friendly and professional (front desk person Christina was a real stand out) She was really professional on top of things and bonus? Really nice!  Dr. B's medical assistant was great too.  The doctor, Tara Brodkin, MD was amazing. Professional and had a WONDERFUL bed side manner.  So happy to have found this practice.  Wish I had known of this practice when I delivered my son five years ago!  Best part, my insurance is covered by them!  Highly recommended!  Keep up the good quality service and good, friendly attitudes at your practice!  Being a good doctor is one thing, but keeping your staff professional and with nice attitudes towards patients can be the real challenge!  This practice is run very well from what I experienced!
5	Dr. Brodkin is a genuinely concerned and competent ob/gyn! I've moved around the country and had both of my kids with different ob's many years ago in different states. Dr. Brodkin is an ob/gyn like years past when physicians could really get to know you and spend time with you. She is a patient's doctor. I highly recommend her for whatever your needs may be.
1	If I could give zero stars, that would be my choice. After waiting for over an hour past my appointment time, and not seeing a health care professional, nor being notified that they were running this late, I left the office, apparently unnoticed.This is rude, unconscionable (non) service, to which no one should be subjected.
5	I have had several doctors in th past but my search is over. Dr. Brodkin in the absolute best! You may have to see one of her PA's for your first appt but they are very good as well. You appt may be a little late getting started but that is only because once Dr. Brodkin in with you she is with you. There is no clock or time limit. She truly cares. I was looking for someone to help me deal with my ovarian cysts and endometriosis and finally Dr. Brodkin listened and I have never felt better. I am just sorry I went through what I went through before Dr. Brodkin but now that I am on her team I am confident my pain is behind me!
1	I don't want to speculate that the other ladies in here are either friends or family of dr brodkin but that would be my only explanation for these reviews. Let me tell you my horror history in this office. I went to doctor brodkin because I saw these reviews and expected t he best. This is my first pregnancy and Dr brodkin and her staff have been the least caring or competent. I've had 3 appointments at this office and only saw the doctor ONCE. She will send you her PA to see you and perform the Pap smear and pelvic exams. Also make sure you have pleeeeenty of time for their HOUR long wait. They will bring you in and have you wait an HOUR to see you. The last appointment I had was for a colposcopy where I finally met dr brodkin. She took an hour to see us (no surprise) and came in the room with a horrible attitude, again this is the first time I ever saw the doctor, because my husband asked twice when were we going to be helped. She made the colposcopy so painful and was extremely mean about me moving and not letting her finish her job. I wanted to cry the whole time! I did end up fainting at the end of the procedure and she LEFT THE ROOM to bring her nurses in. She didn't say anything about my baby or listened to baby's heartbeat or nothing!!! I trusted this office with my first pregnancy but haven't seen or heard my baby in over a month!!!! She's mean disrespectful of your time and careless about you or your baby. I'm gonna give her the benefit of the doubt and think she may be better as a gyno only, don't trust her with your pregnancy I've had a horrifying experience with this people and I wouldn't even recommend "doctor" brodkin to my worst enemy. I'm desperate to hear my baby and will find a different doctor ASAP. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
5	I have been going to Dr Brodkin for over seven years!  She delivered my first child and is about to deliver my second child.  She is a very honest and respectable doctor.  She treats her patients as friends more so than patients and we have developed such a wonderful rapport.  I travel the extra distance just to go to her and could not imagine going to anyone else.  The office is beautiful.  The office staff is incredibly nice and friendly.  Ana and Wendy the two nurse practitioners are very knowledgable!  highly recommended!!!
5	I had an awful OB/GYN for my first pregnancy, so I went to Dr. Brodkin on a friend's recommendation for my 2nd pregnancy.  I LOVE her!! She is kind and caring, and really knows what she is doing.  She has 3 kids of her own, so she has "been through it!" With her own deliveries she did both natural and epidural so that she knows what both are like.  I highly recommend her!! I've read a couple of reviews that complained about the wait or seeing a NP/PA instead - duh, if an OB/GYN has to deliver a baby, then she may not be at your routine appt or you may have to wait.  Not everyone is scheduling C-sections, so the doctor may not always be available if a patient goes into labor.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Brodkin for about 11 years! She is Amazing, I've had many problems. I've tried so many OB's in the arrowhead area and no one could figure what was wrong with me. I co-worker told me about her, her daughter had been seeing Dr. B for a few years. I took the chance and had the best experience ever. Dr. B was the only one who can figure out what was wrong with me! She is amazing and I recommend her to anyone. I am now pregnant but have moved from phx, I so wish I could take Dr. B with me! I'm so sad she won't be able to deliver my first baby! Yes the wait to see her lid long but worth it. I would drive 40min just to see her, I would drive two hours! She knows her stuff!Office isn't that clean (my opinion) the seating smells-they need to all be replaced! The front desk Christina is amazing everyone else I don't care so much for! The girl who makes the appointments has a bit of an attitude, she miss leads you-for exp: I asked can I just see Dr. B, not Wendy, she tells me yes I will only see Dr. B....well she never made my appointment to just see Dr. B. She did it to me THREE times, by the third time I was upset and she decided it was ok to yell at me and give me an attitude, she a little trashy! I would see Wendy for my OB check ups, not crazy about her, I feel she is a little stuck up and rude at times. Dr. Brodkin is a great caring doctor!P.S. No I am not related to Dr. Brodkin!
5	Dr. Brodkin saved my life. I don't really understand some of the bad reviews. I think she is honest and tells people what to expect even if the news is not so good. I admire that in a physician. She is a caring and compassionate physician who looks after her patients as if they were her sisters. If you want someone honest, caring, compassionate, and are looking for someone who will be there when your world is crashing then you want her as your physician. I truly trust her.
5	I am been seeing Dr. Tara Brodkin for 12+ years, since my OB/GYN Dr. retired!  She was recommended to me by a friend of mine who spoke volumes of her incredible personal skills both as a professional and personally.  Dr. Brodin takes the time to ask about me, my family and extended family along with asking if there are any questions I may have about the ever changing woman's body.  She listens, we laugh, she advises and cares!  She is totally honest with you and listens to you!I am referring her to my daughter who due to OBAMACare needs to find another OB/GYN and I have total faith in Dr. Brodkin and her awesome interpersonal skills, ability to understand where you are in life and care for all of it while being so professional.Cindy D.
5	It might seem that a 72 year old woman might not STILL be troubled with hot flashes. However, it was this major complaint that brought me to Dr. Tara Brodkin's office for my initial visit. Dr. Brodkin never minimized my symptoms but rather had empathy and compassion for my discomfort and frustration. I felt valued as a person not a symptom. Her personal sense of well being made conversation free  and often humorous. I felt relaxed enough to tell her all my concerns. Physical  exam done tenderly with history and documentation thorough and comprehensive. Direct script to pharmacies an added convenience. Staff were attentive and friendly. I highly recommend her!
5	This was the first time I've been to a gyno so I was a little nervous but Tara Brodkin made me feel so comfortable & she was so nice & caring! She answered all my questions and I felt good and educated about everything after I left. The front desk was so nice too. The wait was 20 minutes so not too bad & the waiting room and inside was cute! I would definitely recommend her.
