5	We had the wonderful  opportunity to work with TWD on a project that included stucco and paint. Their estimator arrived on time, clean and well organized and very personable, I received his bid in a timely manner. Once we decided to move forward with this company, their field supervisor arrived and  explained everything that would be done. When the crew arrived they were so organized, clean and happy! As the job progressed the field supervisor kept close check on it. I would highly recommend this company to anyone, I have never dealt with a construction company of this caliber, even the painters truck was so clean it looked new. I would highly recommend TWD to anyone who  wants a clean perfect job and likes working with  a well organized company that cares about their customers.
5	Excellent contractor! I needed some drywall cracks in the ceiling repaired and was really not sure who to contact. Found Todd on yelp and Rosie on the House. Todd came by and looked at what I needed done and I mentioned I had to get an electrician to do a few things first so they could patch the holes when they did the ceiling. He mentioned they could do it all and gave an estimate in writing. I scheduled with the office for a day and time. His guys showed up right on time and completed the job quicker than I expected. Work was fantastic and the workmen were very respectful of our property.I will definately use Todd Wittaker Drywall for any future construction needs.
4	Used TWD for some drywall cracks in my home from settling and they did a great job. It was a bit more expensive than I was planning on to fix a few cracks but the good job they did made me accept the price I paid.
5	Todd Whittaker Crew was nothing short of professional and caring. From drywall, stucco, to painting and cleaning services, the A+Team delivered on time the laborious and tedious  renovation. Special thanks to the kindness and  hospitality  of NathanBlessings from Peoria
1	Couldn't tell you how there work is as a customer but as someone who lives by their job sites they are terribly disrespectful and messy. They park there cars constantly in front of my trash cans so they are blocked, they box my driveway on so it's hard to pull in or out. My front yard constantly has trash from their job in it. If they are so uncaring about their work environment it probably extends into the work they do as well.
