5	I am a regular customer here. I am always treated well, and they give excellent pedicures.
5	Tried this place once for a manicure for my daughter. The wait was a little long but when it was our turn i found out why. They take their time with you. I've gone to places and have received rushed service. Everyone in there is friendly and the prices are like everyone else's. Linda did my daughters manicure and made my daughter happy with the great designs on her nails. Great place and service.
2	I saw this place passing by today, and I needed a pedi badly. So, I gave them a try. No wait time on a Friday. The girl seem not very happy to be there. She didn't really want to do her job. She did my spa pedi really quickly and rushed me out the door. I'm not sure if I want to come back again. I have 3 nail spas to pick from by them that I can try next time.
2	I went here last Wed for a gel manicure and a pedicure. I got there around 11am and there were only 2 other customers. I still waited about 30 mins before anyone started my pedicure. Pedicure was average. Before they put polish on my toes they had me get up and move to a table for my nails. I was impressed with the large selection of colors they have, but the manicure was terrible. After they finished my mani, they had me go back over to the pedicure chairs  to finish my toes. My manicure was way too thick, and pained over my cuticles. It was peeling off just 5 days later. The picture I included was taken exactly 5 days after I got the manicure, I took the rest of the polish off myself that night.
1	Bad service! The tech messed up on my nails they were lumpy I did not have time to stay. When I came back they gave me a hard time they even called the tech to make sure I was correct! Who does that!!!
5	I liked this place very much. It was recommended by my mom who is a frequent customer. Cindy did an excellent job on my gel manicure. Took her time on my nail designs. Very friendly. Prices were reasonable. In definitely coming back here again.
