3	I just finished one of Laduca's chicken cutlet heroes and I'm having trouble breathing correctly.I have mixed feelings about Laduca's. As a foodie, I'm glad that there's a good italian deli mixed in with the overabundance of Subways, etc, but I'm upset that their sandwiches don't keep that well. Meaning, if I grab a sandwich in the afternoon to eat at night, the bread will get soggy and inedible. It seems petty, but I'm a petty guy, goddammit.That said, the sandwiches are delicious if you eat 'em right away! The chicken parm hero is wonderful, the laduca's sub is bonerific... it's just simple, good quality sandwiches. No great shakes here, just a good Italian sammie. Solid tres estrellas from me.Sup Misti?!?
5	This place is great! After watching a program for the San Genaro feast, My son and I were in search of great pizza and accidentally found this place. It was way better then we could have imagined. The service was excellent, the pizza great and they even have fresh deli and bakery items! Live on the other side of town but well worth the drive.
4	I had passed by this place a few times and the title "NY Deli" had peaked my curiosity being that I moved here 2 years ago from Brooklyn, New York. I'd been trying to get a rare roast beef sandwich in this town since forever and i finally found it one afternoon when I stopped in here.I knew it would be promising when I saw the Boar's head signage ( the main supplier of all deli meat in NY). I ordered a roast beef hoagie on italian bread, which was thee juiciest, mouth drooling Rare RB sandwich I've ever had in Vegas. It was fantastic and Huge, so big you could share although I probably would never because it tasted that good.Sionara port of subs & jersey Mike's you'll never see me again now that I found Laduca's!
5	Since discovering this place many months ago while working in Vegas, it's been a weekly stop for excellent food and great people. The La Duca sandwich is a favorite, and I can usually save half of this huge sandwich for another meal. The meatballs are seriously the best I've ever found, and the garlic knots are incredible. People who work there are fast and personable. Things will slow down in the deli on a Sunday when the Giants are playing, but... ;o)
4	Part of the Pizza Bender Tour 2011 Edition, this place came recommended by Yelper Jessie B.  I had this place bookmarked, but forgot about it until she mentioned that I might enjoy the Laduca Hero.  So, I made the drive out to this joint as soon as I could fit it in my schedule.  The place serves fresh food and also deli items to take home....and it's decked out in New York Giants stuff....pennants, posters, pictures, etc.  I came here for the food, not to watch sports, so what do I care?!Here's the breakdown of what I ordered:Laduca's Hero $7.49 (Proscuitto, Cappocolla, Mortadella, Salami, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Dressing)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_HrCJz_uXDumBhdxCrug7Q?select=ZBp23lke_JRM706KDByCiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_HrCJz_uXDumBhdxCrug7Q?select=SH4XFtBdqM5bAyXhJ6x23ASlice of Sausage Pizza $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_HrCJz_uXDumBhdxCrug7Q?select=gnXfZREjW-ZttJn2bqoqmwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_HrCJz_uXDumBhdxCrug7Q?select=JLS_UPj416kvrld6hcdHFQI started with the Laduca's Hero Sandwich, which was pretty big.  The Bread is a Hard Roll Italian Bread.....so if you're not into Hard Rolls, this may not be for you.  The combination of Meats and ingredients was very good and tasty.  I could have used more Dressing on it though....it was a little dry, but I enjoyed the Sandwich very much.  Fresh ingredients and well made Sammie!Next up was the Slice of Sausage Pizza.  This year's Bender Tour has been the Year of the Sausage Pizza.....I don't know, but I've been craving it this time around.  The Crust is New York Thin Crust and there is a ton of Cheese on this bad boy!  If you want to eat this with your hands, you have to fold it.....otherwise you have no chance.  The Sauce is minimal....it could have used a little more Sauce in my opinion.  The Sausage was excellent.....freshly made and full of flavor....yum!Overall, it was a pretty good experience....food solid, service OK.Return Factor - 80%.....would be higher if I lived nearby.
3	My lunch buddy at work grew up in New York City, and I think she has been a little homesick lately. She keeps wanting to go to places owned by New Yorkers for lunch. I'm usually down to try new places so I don't mind. Her most recent lunch spot was Laduca's New York Italian Deli. It was a busy day at work so we called and had the employee that answered the phone fax us over a menu so we could place a to-go order. I ended up deciding on the Laduca's Hero which was $7.49. She got the eggplant parm platter for $8.99. My sandwich was HUGE with lots of meat. LaDuca's serves Boars Head meats, which I love. The sandwich was huge enough that half of it was plenty for me, and I saved the rest for the following day. As Seth Y. mentioned in his review, the bread gets soggy when you save part of it. If Laduca's sold half sandwiches I would go that route for sure...Since my co-worker went to pick up our order, I can not fairly comment on the service. I definitely plan on eating here again in the future.
4	I saw Peter A's review and pics of this place and decided to check it out for myself. First of all, I'm a Redskins fan. I was born and raised in the DC metro area and bleed burgundy and gold. So, it makes me uncomfortable to patronize a place with a Strahan and LT jersey hanging up on the wall.But, I'd gladly walk into enemy territory to grab one of these sandwiches. The chicken parmigiana hero was delicious. It was filled with a large, tender and lightly breaded piece of chicken cut into two strips and covered with the perfect amount of cheese and sauce. The hard roll was equally tasty, with a good amount of crunch on the exterior and a chewy interior. The bread was fresh. Baked in-house, I believe. Staff was friendly and there wasn't much of a wait to get the food.
5	I have to say, i lived in this city for three years and i finally found an eggplant parm hero that reminds me of home.  I can wait to try other things there once i get tired of the eggplant.
2	I wanted to check this place out after one of my co workers was urging me to try it. I'm not an expert on east coast pizza ...I grew up in So Cal so my tastes may be different. I found the food was way too salty for me. We started off with the Garlic bread which was the only thing that I didn't find salty. It was a good size and it had a mild garlic and buttery flavor to it. Then I followed that with a Pastrami sandwich which was loaded with meat. I would normally not have any objections to it but I couldn't handle the salt. I've tasted pastrami before that isn't salty so I know it exists. Then my husband ordered the sausage and pepperoni pizza. He is more tolerant to salt than I am and he had a hard time eating it. We usually love left over pizza the next day but we both couldn't handle the salt and the grease we ended up chucking the pizza. If you are sensitive to salt this may not be the best place for you. I hate writing bad reviews so I'll will end this on a positive note. I liked the fact that they also had an area where you can buy fresh Italian deli items that you can take home.
5	Best of the best hero I've had and East Coast ambience.  Balance of menu looks enticing.  If you've never had a real hero, go here.  This is the real deal. Foghet about the shopping center around you...the familia understands deli mia.  The familia is traditional and has a heart of gold.  A real find outside of the strip.  I will be back.  Please don't flirt with the daughter...
1	Pizza slices, sitting in a pizza pan on the deli counter (no heat lamp), looked like they were sitting around for five hours, dried out and curling up. Not appetizing at all. I walked out. Was told they have new management. I'll wait for some newer reviews before heading back here.
5	Found Laduca's on Yelp while in Vegas on a business trip.  The owner waited on me himself.  I asked him what he recommended as his best hot sandwich and he said "Definitely the Eggplant Parm".  Was he ever right!  My husband and I loved every bite!  I also asked him if he had antipasta salad and he said "I can make you one but it's different every time I make one!"  He went in the back and made us up one and it to was out of this world!  We also bought a piece of cheesecake which was excellent.  I try cheesecake every where I go and I'm a fan of plain cheesecake and this one was way up there on my list!  His assistant was also very nice and helped wait on me to.  If I'm ever in Vegas again I'm definitely going back to Laduca's!!!  YUM!!!  :-P
1	This place refused to to take a gift certificate.  Never had that happen before. They offered to give me 20% off my bill, but geez what a bunch of sleezebags!  I guess they've gone way downhill since they were Minuto's.  There are much better options in LV, so don't waste your time.
2	I finally got around to trying Laduca's, this is after being a frequent visitor of Minuto's which was formerly in its spot. I'm not a fan of Boar's Head meats which is what they serve so I opted to order an Eggplant Parm sandwich. I was told it'd be up in 5 minutes, it actually took 25. I took the sandwich to go, along with 4 links of hot Italian sausage. By the time I got back to my office to eat my lunch (less than 10 minutes) my sandwich was a soggy mess. This can be a good thing, but in this case it wasn't. This became a greasy disaster. I dislike when eggplant is masked by fried flavor. This was just that. I couldn't taste the eggplant at all, it could've been fried anything buried in acidic tomato sauce. I took the links home to grill. I haven't had much luck finding tasty sausage since Minuto's closed, I was hopeful Laduca's would be good. They were actually spicy, which was great because far too often "spicy" is purely mild. The sausages were dry and had a really chunky texture. I prefer a finer grind of the meat, and I assume more fat, because I like them juicy and bursting with flavor. Aside from the spice these lacked any rich flavor. I guess my search continues...
3	Wanted the LaDuca veal parm today.  I was surprised to find the doors locked at 3 pm. Also looked to me like the TVs were off of the wall, so I guess they've gone out of business,  not on vacation.
