5	I came to Dr. Beals reluctantly; my wisdom tooth had not been hurting, I didn't think I needed it out at my advanced "over-50" age. Wrong. The pesky tooth was one source of a major gum problem for which the periodontist who will need to be doing osseous surgery strongly advised I have removed.  The oral surgeon of his choice: Dr. Douglas Beals. Coincidentally, my daughter-in-law has several years of administrative experience in area dental practices and was overjoyed to hear I was going to be treating with Dr. Beals. it was very reassuring to hear she had such respect for and confidence in him.I can understand why. First of all, to me the mark of a good medical provider begins with their staff and Dr. Beals has top-notch personnel: friendly, competent, efficient.  I left my initial consultation of a clear understanding of why the tooth should be extracted - the advantages of doing it vs. the possible consequences of not but understanding the choice was mine to make.  I was also supplied with prescriptions to take before and after the procedure as well as what the anticipated costs would be. This made the actual procedure, which I had today, infinitely easier.Yes, I had the severely impacted wisdom tooth removed 7 hours ago and I'm sitting here completely pain free with minimal swelling. I've been following my pre-and post-op instructions and have no complaints of discomfort whatsoever.  I was in and out of the office within an hour and a half. Having worked at physicians offices myself, I am highly impressed by such efficiency!Based on my two experiences at this practice, I would highly recommend this oral surgeon and hope to put to rest any fears anyone may have about any similar such procedures.
5	After searching for oral surgeons for a while, I stumbled upon Dr. Beals office, but there was only one 5 star review. I wasn't sure to believe it or not, but I took my chance. And let me tell you, I'm glad I did! First of all the building it's in is gorgeous, and so is the decor inside. P.S. They have gamecubes!! Great for kids, and adults who act like kids at times. Dr. Beals was very nice and listened to all of my concerns. I did not want to do the IV (I had two impacted wisdom teeth) and opted for the nitrous oxide. I was nervous the days leading to the procedure, but thankfully Dr. Beals prescribed me a Xanax (which really, really helped, considering I have a bit of dental anxiety). I was worried about the nitrous oxide, but Dr. Beals assistant made me feel so comfortable, and the procedure went smoothly. It literally felt like it was only a 5 minute procedure, and I felt nothing! I asked a few times if they took my teeth out, the 30 minute procedure felt like a 5 minute procedure! Thank you nitrous oxide! A few weeks later I had a tooth that needed so much dental work, and opted not to get a root canal, so my general dentist was about to take it out, but I told him I felt so comfortable with Dr. Beals and decided to make an appointment. I have to say, I couldn't make an appointment for the next month! But the receptionist said she would put me on the list, and luckily, a few days later I got a call, getting an appointment 2 weeks earlier; which was great because I was in a bit of pain. I was on a tight budget so I decided to go with local anesthesia,no IV and no nitrous oxide, and not even a Xanax. Of course I was really, really nervous and my heart was beating a million miles an hour, but Dr. Beals assistant made me feel at ease. The procedure went smoothly, and again, I felt nothing.Okay, so now I've talked about my procedures, and that was all good and stuff, but that's not the best thing about this place. The best thing about it are the ladies at the front desk. MY GOSH they are the nicest people in the world. Really. SO kind, caring, talkative, and funny! I don't think I've had such nice service anywhere else, honestly.If you ever need to have oral surgery, I suggest you go here. I'm sure there are other low cost places in Phoenix and other parts of AZ, but paying the extra money is so worth it!
4	Dr. Beals is fantastic!  I have had all 3 of my kids 4 wisdom teeth each-- removed within the last 30 days! Also one kid had 2 baby teeth removed and anchors attached during the same surgery.  Beals is great with pre op instructions and followup.  The kids liked him.  The girls up front are awesome... No one likes surgery ... but we recommend Dr. Beals!!
5	Super nice staff. Dr. Beals is also very nice as well. The place itself is very easy to find and very big and spacious inside. Also very nice and easy to get around in. I'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled in December here and they talk to you about everything that will happen during the surgery and after which I like a lot! Definitely reccomend this place!
1	Watch your bills from this office!  Dr. Beals is listed as a provider in my insurance network and therefore was only supposed to charge $168 for a particular procedure according to his contract with them. Instead, I was charged $635 and keep getting bills for the remainder. My insurer contacted the billing department to straighten things out and I was told I would not be charged any more (and in fact was due a refund). Instead, I've received yet another bill based on the original $635 charge! This has been going on for months now. Even though I was reasonably satisfied with the procedure, this is enough to keep me from going back.
1	Very disappointed with he billing staff that represent Dr. Beals. My daughter went in for her wisdom teeth to be pulled back in June. The surgery went fine and truly like the Dr. Beals bed side manners, however the billing staff follows unethical billing procedures especially when the Dr. Is a in network contracted with insurance company. I have 2 insurances one through me and one through my husband insurance. I only had 200.00(approximately) on my primary insurance once that's used they don't secondary bill. I paid cash 1,500 out of pocket(paid in full), however after the first 200.00 dollars were billed to my primary, my secondary become primary. Again they still didn't want to bill the secondary (even though it now my primary)so I did all work to submit to my husbands insurance. Interesting thing my "secondary" submitted payment directly to them even thought they were paid in full by me. They had no problem taking a secondary insurance payment that should have been paid directly to me( funny because remember "they don't deal with secondary insurance) Dr. Beals office kept the checks and only made a payment to me 531.36. Far from the 1100 dollars my secondary insurance sent to them.( which again if they don't deal with secondary insurance why would they even cash the check that don't belong to thee first place) they are double dipping between his patients and the insurance company.  This is against his contract and insurance fraud. The office believes by them not submitting tok secondary they do not have to follow their obligation of reducing there fees to the agreed discounted contracted amount.I called the office today after I called my insurance company and again confirmed that they are not following the contract Dr. Beals signed with them to be an in network provider.  I have one more child who needs wisdom teeth pulled and base on this experience I will never recommend anyone to use Dr. Beals. It's not worth the 6 months worth of hassle to get monies owed to me returned. Stay away from his office if you financially don't want to be ripped off. Called my insurance company were they will take over and appeal how the doctors office is misconducting there billing practices. I believe at this time, I will also be calling 3 on your side and put pressure on them from from their unethical and fraudulent bill practices.  Please  going to this office if you financially don't want to be screw by the ignorance and fraudulent billing practices. It is beyond frustrating and not worth the hassle.  This whole experience has made  me sick to my stomach and beyond frustrated. SincerelyA patient's parent who is truly being taken advantage of, being screwed and going to fight to fix their wrong doing, Jennifer M
