5	Without my children today (a rare occasion for me), I was craving something "different" for lunch and drove by this place on my way to ABC Baking Supply, I thought it looked intriguing so I whipped into the (plenty spacious) parking lot.  The store front has lots of pictures of foods I know little to nothing about, but I'm adventurous so inside I went!The interior is well lit, clean, and cutely decorated.  The restaurant is small but the tables are not so close together as to make you feel claustrophobic and there is no kitschy clutter that you often encounter in small family run establishments.  You order at the counter and your food is served to you at your table.  As I know very little about the kind of food served here (with the exception of gyros, but I wanted to step out of my box) I asked for some recommendations from the gentleman behind the counter (who I believe is one of the owners, I know his wife is one of the cooks).  I ordered what he recommended...beef sheesh kabob, rice, and salad served with some kind of ridiculously delicious cilantro based sauce (can you tell I enjoyed my food?), the total was under $10.  The gentleman who took my order told me they had just opened on Saturday (3/10/12) which made me worry just a little about how my experience might go at a brand new restaurant, but again, I was alone and not on a time constraint.  The food was PLENTIFUL and came out very quickly, the rice was melt in your mouth buttery, the kabob was well seasoned, moist, and yummy, the cilantro sauce is something I could have added to shoe leather and it would have tasted wonderful...I'm not kidding you.  It was creamy-ish?  Full of cilantro, garlic and something that gave it a wonderful spicy kick.  So much for my concerns about how things would run in a brand new restaurant...quick yummy food, clean place, friendly staff = awesome.Both the female cook (wife of the guy who took my order) and a younger male cook (son?) came out at different times to see how I liked my meal, the gentleman who took my order and another gentleman (another son?) also asked how I liked the food.  I'm pretty sure that every other person who visited the restaurant while I was there spoke Farsi (speaking to the authenticity of the restaurant itself).Everyone was so personable and the food was DELICIOUS.  It felt like I had been invited to lunch in a friend's home and I simply cannot wait to return!
4	Gave my new neighborhood place a shot for lunch today after hearing a good review on twitter. If you are not familiar with Pakistanian food be ready to ask about everything on the menu. Prices range from $6-$12 and everything is made to order. Luckily it wasn't busy when we were there or we would have been looking at a 30 min wait for food. All in all it was very good. Husband played safe and went with the gyro which comes with fries. I got a chix, rice dish. The chix was orange in color and a bit spicy. We ordered some naan on the side as well. I will prob go back but again be prepared as there are NO descriptions of what the items on the menu are. People seemed to be asking tons of questions.
5	Got the Chicken Boti, Garlic Nan, Riati sauce, Tzatziki sauce, and baklawa to go.Chicken Boti consisted of perfectly spiced and marinated chunks of chicken breast served over a non-greasy flavorful basmati rice mixture.  Riati sauce was a cilantro-based lemony garlicky sauce that reminds me of chimichurri sauce.Tzatziki sauce wa sthinner than expected but necessary to balance the spice and still very good.Baklawa was juicy and crispy and with a certain strange pice that made it better than usual.Service was awesome, the owners were very patient, helpful and descriptive since I have never had this type of cuisine before.   Got a question, just ask them, they wer every nice.  A quick 10 minutes after ordering, my food was ready to go.Since everything was so tasty, I can't wait to go back and keep trying the different things on their long menu!  I am a sucker for meat grilled to perfection which is what they served to me here.
4	Went back on Friday and was disappointed to find they are  closed from 12:30-1:30 on Friday...lunch time  on Friday seems like a super strange time to be closed and I was unable to eat there due to the closure (and I drove out of my way to go there never thinking to call and make sure they would be open at a time that should be the busiest of the day).  I will go again, but I will call before heading out of my way to make sure they are open and I don't waste my time on the drive.
4	Went here for lunch today. Small place but very clean. Started off with the veggie samosa and the hummus with pita for appetizer, forgot to snap a photo!!  Both very good, the hummus was especially delicious. If you ever had the hummus from Switch on central ave. this one gives it a run for its money. next had the chicken boti with rice and the beef kabob with the afghani rice with carrot and raisins  Both were wonderful and tasty.   Service was great. The kid with the black framed glasses and the other kid with the curly hair both nice kids and very friendly. Food is great can't wait to go back.  Check them out, you will not be disappointed.
4	We went for dinner on Sunday and the restaurant was closed. Not the ones to lose hope, we drove 35 miles again for dinner today. We were the only two at 6 for dinner. They are closed on Sunday's though the website seems to show open.My husband ordered chicken malai boti and chicken tikka masala with naan. He really enjoyed his dishes. I ordered kabuli pulav and vegetable kabab. The rice was flavorful and the kabab well grilled. The food is freshly made, so it took them around 20 min to serve our dinner.We plan to go back again and try some curries.One negative thing is the location, the restaurant surroundings seemed to be shady.
5	This is my first review. I'm the type of person that likes to try something new almost every time I go out. I get bored easily, and I rarely want to go to the same restaurant. I have been to this place twice in 2 weeks! The menu is huge, I don't know what half of the stuff on there is but that is what google is for. I've tried at least 3 things now that I have never had before and they were all delicious. The chicken Handi is addictive, it's what I went back for. The servings are family style in my opinion, but it did not stop me from ordering 4 things! I had leftovers which tasted even better the next day. I'm a sucker for family owned restaurants, these meals are home cooked recipes to order so the wait is a little longer, but well worth it. If you just get off work and don't want to wait, they do take out. Order before you leave and it's ready to pick up...this is me planning my next visit.
4	Couple guys I work with found this place on Yelp so we went to check it out.  We may have come on a bad day being a Friday and they close from 12:30 to 1:30 to pray but we did make it in early enough.  At first was concerned because they were missing some spices so a few of the items we were thinking about were off the menu.  But we asked what type of chicken was his favorite and he said the Boti Chicken so we gave that a try.  we ended up getting the rice served along with the dish and ordered the Nan? (bread) as a side everything was really good the Boti has a little bite to it but not too much very good but do want to sample a few more dishes before deciding on a favorite.  I will keep you informed on my explorations in the future because we all decided this place needs to be on our regular lunch rotation.
4	This place has some seriously delicious food, but the service isn't going to wow you (I suggest take-out if you're wary). And, now that you've been warned, on to the deliciousness!I shared veggie kabob and rice, beef egg rolls, and chicken tikka masala. I'm happy to say that you get a ton of food with your order! The veggie kabobs were served on a huge bed of rice, and they were super fresh and flavorful. They're simple, but great! The egg rolls, which are only $0.99 a pop, were also very tasty, albeit a little greasy (they're deep-fried egg rolls though). I also can't forget to mention that the egg rolls come with a great spicy sauce! And then there was chicken tikka masala... At $10.99 it's not the cheapest thing on the menu, but DAMN! It was sincerely some of the best chicken tikka masala that I've had in the valley (almost inching out one of my favorites at Z-Grill). They served it with an enormous piece of house-made naan. The masala was perfectly balanced in spiciness and thickness, and the chicken was cooked just right! Masala lovers from all over should try it!I welcome Khyber Halal with open arms into the neighborhood! I'm always a fan of a new flavor in the area, and I can't wait to go again!
4	We went out last night to the movies, and with an hour and a half to spare, we thought we had time to stop at this newish restaurant on the corner of Indian School and 24th St. It was a family owned place, baby in bassinet by the cashier, and absolutely no explanations of what the food is. Just strange names. We ordered and sat down. 35-40 minutes later, we realized the food still hadn't come and we'd never make it out to Scottsdale for our movie. So, disappointed, we took the food when it finally came and brought it home and ordered something up on Amazon. When I dove into the "to go" boxes, I stopped complaining. Man, that food was delicious. I ordered the Chicken Tikka, only because I pretty much knew what it would be, and it far beat my expectations. Our Chicken Kabab (ordered again because we knew what it would be) was delicious as well. To the owners, thank you for being here. We'll be back. Please develop something that describes the food, and make a non-egg version of the Naan bread please! Lots of vegans and allergies out there who don't expect food from  your region to have heavy eggs included. Readers, as long as you set your expectations correctly about time for food preparation, you'll be very happy with Khyber Halal. Get in there and support this neighborhood gem!
5	many delicious options, very flavorful. They were sweet about helping me concoct a vegan option. You can taste the blessing. They also have good vegetarian options, no concocting necessary.
4	First time having Afgan food and it was delicious - The best way i could describe the food would be a cross between greek and indian food, however that is probably a very inacurate description - We ordered the Mantoo, which was a dumpling with meat inside served with a red spicy sauce and a white yogurt sauce, it was amazingly flavorful, and the young man with the glasses recommended ordering it for a first time visitor, and I would pass that along - We also got the Chicken Karahi, which was spicy chicken meat in a curried sauce - My wife loved this dish enough to go back a few days later and get it again.  I normally do not like curry at all, so if a dish has any I generally do not care for it (not that it isnt good, I just won't like it) this chicken was tender, and I actually asked for a couple pieces of it, very unique taste and also highly recommended, the chicken was bone in, super tender, and cooked perfectly.  That dish came with fresh baked Nan bread, which wasn't as crispy as Indian Naan bread but not as soft or fluffy as a pita, somewhere inbetween, however very goodIn answer to people stating they do not have descriptions of what the food is, they have a blogsite that gives you pictures and descriptions of most things on the menu, so just bring your smartphone into the restaurant with you and they have a small sign on each table with the link to it, so you can try to figure out what you want to experience, and they were happy to answer questioins after we read the descriptions and looked at the pictureshttp://khyberhalal.blogspot.com/That is the description and pictures of most of the food - hope that helpsThey are NOT open on Sundays even if the website does say so
4	I just visited Khyber Halal. The food was great, the price is right and the portion sizes were a little larger than necessary. The service was pretty slow though. I think we waited 15 minutes for someone to take our order and we had to ask for our check. Plan your lunch or dinner date accordingly and I think you will be happy. I am going to be bold and say, this is the best Afgan food in Phx.
4	Yummy... the gyro was really good and fresh; it might be the best gyro in town but I'm gonna need to try it one more time. Plus the gyro was pretty good in size; I get pretty disappointed when I don't get enough food.  It also came with fries and extra gyro sauce at no extra cost.
5	I adore Khyber Halal, it's my new favorite. It's a new experience in a cuisine you may think you already know well. While not Indian, many of the dishes are novel takes on Indian & Middle Eastern dishes you may already know, like curries, kabobs, biryanis & naan. All of the dishes are marked by a fresh & vibrant taste. It really seems like homemade food, not churned out by the pot load. And the owners are very friendly and make for a nice atmosphere.
4	I came across this place recently (SW corner of 24th street/Indian School) and I have to say I find the food to be excellent.  The cuisine is mix of Indian, Pakistani and Afghan, designed to suit every taste, from spicy to not so spicy.   I have had several items but , such as the tender and juicy lamb kabob and most recently the Chicken Boti which was spicy and very good!  They serve goat, lamb, beef and chicken in a variety of dishes and many are able to be shared.The service is somewhat slower because you generally have the owner being the watier and the menu explainer.  He will take the time to explain the food, how it is prepared and what may suit the taste you are looking for.   His wife loves to cook and that is how this place got started.  Interior decor is nothing special, very typical of an authentic place that just serves good authentic food!.  The Nan bread is fresh, warm and tender.  The hummus didn't really fit my taste, I have other places that I prefer hummus, it was more oily than most.  When I was in there last night, There are approximately 10 tables in the place and during my last visit I could overhear each table making comments about how good their food was.  There is a charge for bottled water (if you ask for "water) and you will pay a .35 cent transaction fee for credit cards, testament again..to authenticity :)  I love this place and when I feel the itch for something different and adventurous for my taste buds,  I have not been disappointed yet.  I just wish they could pipe some low authentic music and it would top off the place!
5	Here it is...my 100th review...and I don't have a speech prepared...oh well, here goes!Go here (http://khyberhalal.blogspot.com/) to see pictures and descriptions of the food on their menu. It is very accurate. Although the Mantoo picture doesn't really emphasize that it is 12 pieces of deliciousness...THIS PLACE IS FRICKING AMAZING, the service was excellent as well as friendly and it smells simply divine.After several months of saying 'we need to stop at this place one day' we finally made it there last night for take-out. We ordered the following:1) Chicken Karahi...MMMmmm MMMMmmm! We got an order of basmati rice and the flavors of this bone-in (but cut into manageable pieces) was fantastic. Never had anything like it, but it was awesome. I woke up this morning wanting more...but there was none.2) Mantoo...this was possibly the star of an all-star show. We decided that they reminded us of dumplings or of non-fried crab rangoon, only filled with ground beef, seasonings and topped with one (technically two?) of the most delightful sauces ever. 3) Chicken Tikka Masala - I chose medium spicy this time...you know I HAD to have it. And it was delicious. (We also had the basmati rice with this one because it's a saucy dish and that's how I like it...if you ask nicely, they may let you substitute the naan that it comes with for rice instead)4) Beef samosas AND Chicken samosas...both were fantastic, but I think I loved the beef one just a *little* bit more. The seasoning was superb. We also dipped it into the sauce that came with the mantoo...OMFG...wow. 5) Garlic naan...I've never met a garlic naan that I didn't like.6) Baklawa (aka baklava)...one of the best I've ever had. Nutty and honey-ey...mmmm...We're actually planning on going back again tomorrow night so I can try the okra bamya and the eggplant banjan and see what that bolanee/aloo paratha is all about.
5	The food consistency and quality is still amazing after many visits - 5 stars upgradeYou must get the Gulpi (Cauliflower) as a side dish - It will change the way you think about the vegetable
5	Undiscovered gem! This place is fantastic. The restaurant sits in a nondescript strip center on southwest corner of Indian School & 24th St. Since it was the first time we had been there I decided to try a bunch of different items and see what we liked. Chicken Tikka Masala was rich and spicy. Very good. Chicken Malai Boti was green (yea, green), grilled, and really flavorful.Vegetable Briyani was standard rice with veggies. Still good.Mantoo was the highlight! Little dumplings stuffed with meat. They are topped with a combination of curry and yogurt. So, so good...You should definitely check this place out. The ambiance will not overwhelm you, but the food certainly will...
5	What an unexpected delight. Great food. Charming family of owners. It looks like nothing from the outside but what wonderful smells tastes and flavors await you.
5	I came across this restaurant via Yelp.  It's a good restaurant with great food, if you like interesting, sometimes spicy, different food well made.Here's the warning, though:  it's not the place for that special, romantic date.  The ambience is low rent, but that should not stop you from visiting.The menu is varied, and the variety goes from Afghan food to Indian / Pakistani food, to good old American grub.  We tried some of the first 2 and were very pleased.Some have said that the service is slow.  To protect ourselves (and we did not make it up) we told the waiter that we had to make a plane, and our service was prompt.We're sure to return next time we're in Phoenix.
4	Headed here during lunch with four friends with really good Taste. Two had been here before so we let them order everything.Ambiance..not much, but its clean and bright.Service...family-run. Friendly.What we ate...Mantoo....amazing little beef and onion filled dumplings covered in yogurt sauce, a spicy orange sauce and dried mint. Addictive. Fabulous. Dream of them now.....Chicken boti....bright orange., looks like a kebab, served with rice and cucumber salad. A nice safe dish.Chicken kahari....a curry type dish. Meat was moist and sauce was flavorful.Goat korma....the hit of the day, well, beside the mantoo. Rich, succulent. Like the bestpot roast yyou've ever had but better.We also had a bread type dish...looked li,e a pizza with no cheese or sauce. Had a bit of a vinegar taste.Headed back next week to eat more....
4	This review is long overdue. Partially because I keep telling myself that I'm going to write a review after the next time I go to Khyber Halal. So, after our 4th dining experience there, here I go!The first time we tried to go to Khyber Halal, we were able to go inside the restaurant but they told us they weren't doing dinner service because they were catering a banquet dinner off site. No problem, we made arrangements to go back a few weeks later. Our next visit was during Ramadan. We didn't know that until we arrived to see a big sign on the door saying that they were observing the month long holiday. Not to be deterred, we came back a few weeks later and were seated by a friendly, young man (presumably, the owner's son?) and we waited. and waited. Finally, about 10 minutes later, I was able to call someone over to take our order and get waters for the table. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, mantoo, samosas and brown rice. The samosas were a bit dry and the chutney that was served with them was nice but in styrofoam containers. I have absolutely nothing but positive things to say about the rest of the meal. Fantastic, flavorful and probably impossible to beat for the prices at this restaurant. Our waters weren't refilled throughout our meal but we almost didn't notice because the food was so good. We didn't need to order extra naan as they make sure you get enough bread to feed an army. With an appetizer, a few sides and three entrees, our meal was less than $40. Our next 3 visits were a bit more of the same. Lackluster service, outstanding food. It's why we keep going back. I keep saying I wish someone would nominate Khyber Halal for a Restaurant Impossible or Kitchen Nightmares type show. They need a visual makeover and the sons could take a lesson in service. Again, they are super friendly but have probably never worked in a restaurant before. This place would be a 5 if they could get their skills up to par a bit. Don't let the service keep you away. If this place was around the corner from me, I'd be here a few times a week for lunch. See you soon Khyber!
5	I am giving this place five starts because while it is not the most excellent afghan food I have had many of their dishes are delicious, and we really need more of these types of places here and phoenix, and what more?  Its just down the street from me!There menu is very diverse covering everything from afghani to Indian to Pakistani and even American cuisine (mainly burgers and fries/ wraps)Most important of all the owner and employees are very kind.  I do advise to order ahead of time if you are taking out, they can take a while to get out the dishes but when they do it is worth the wait.  Thomas S.
4	Mutton Karahi or Goat Curry was awesome and different. Not sure what it was exactly called.Their Kebabs and Tikkas were delicious.Nihari was good too.Chicken Tikka Masala was a little too salty.A great joint offering a variety of food. Clean and family friendly. A must eat Halal option in Phoenix, AZ.
5	This palce is awesome. Enjoyed it more then i have in the past. You need to try this spot for some quick casual eats, They now have a blog soit where you can read all the descriptions of the food. I foregt what I order bu it comes on a huge mound of brown jasmine rice and the most fkavorful shisk kebab like chicken. I am a huge fan and it' right in my hood,
5	Like almost every good restaurant in Phoenix, this place is hidden in, yes, a strip mall. But strip-mall facade be damned, this place is really as good as it gets. I've only been here once but already am eager to work my way through the entire menu. I went there earlier this month with three friends. We all sampled each other's food and nobody was in the least displeased with anything. First off, I will continue to sing the praises of the mantoo. These dumplings--which are the Afghani equivalent of Chinese wontons or ravioli--are filled with ground beef and onion and then topped with a yogurt sauce and a red sauce. Tender and flavor, little dough-bites of heaven. Another highlight was the goat curry. I had a taste of my friend's and it was perfectly tender. And the sauce is a great mix with their jasmine rice. I had the chicken boti in which the flavors were felt all the way through the meat. They have a few different kinds of naan bread. Loved the garlic naan but you'll need a breath mint later. I saw some reviews said the service is so-so. It did seem like we had to wait 5 or 10 minutes longer than one might be used to. But the restaurant--which isn't that big--was almost completely full. It's also important to note we were the only non-Middle-Eastern/Indian customers so that tells you the level of authenticity is pretty good. The service may have taken a bit longer but nobody was rude. Also, it looks like the kind of place where you go up to the register to take care of your bill. Anyway, I plan to make Khyber Halal a stop when I have visitors in town.
5	Just there.  Had the mixed grill.  There were two of us.  Mixed grill came with two skewers of lamb kabob, two skewers of chicken kabobs, flavorful brown basmati rice, chopped salad.  This portion was too much for two people but it didn't stand in the way of us finishing it.  We tried one beef and one chicken samosas.  It was a draw.  I liked the beef, hubby liked the chicken.  We had baklava and firni for dessert.  Everything was fantastic.  I will definitely go back.Thanks to yelpers who lead me to this place.  Congrats to the staff who did their best to fill all the orders even on a busy Saturday night.  The place was packed.
5	Simply great food and great people. You do not go to this restaurant for 5 star service and ambiance, but for great food and hospitality with prices you cannot beat. I have found everything is professionally cooked to perfection. I am used to fine dining but am willing to sacrifice all expectations for great food and welcoming hosts.
4	1) Really good food2) Menu items that you will not find anywhere else3) Massive portions (took home more than we ate!)4) Atmosphere is awful - turn off the TV in the seating area!
5	I've never had afghani food, but if this is what its like...i love it! It's like a combo of indian and persian. The naan s not like the naan you'll get as an indian restaurant, but its still good, more crispy. We ordered the afghani kofta and mixed grill platter. I was a little worried about ordering the kofta because the grill platter is HUGE!. But after trying the kofta, I was glad I ordered it...juicy meatballs surrounded by well cooked and seasoned lentil curry. The meat from the grill is cooked well, not too dry. Sadly did not have room for baklava or any other dessert, but we did leave with a lot of leftovers. It's also at a good price point so they definitely have gained a repeat customer.
4	Really good food.  The best Gyro in the valley and it is huge!  They also have very good simosas.  Be sure to try some of the Afghani dishes too, like the Mantoo, which is kind of like a spicy ravioli with a twist of yogurt.  I have never had a bad tasting dish here and tried a lot of things, my only complaint and thing that would keep me from rating this 5 stars is the fact that I have received cold food on a couple of occasions and on a couple of occasions my simosas were partially frozen in the middle.
2	Mediterranean cuisine is one of my favorites, so I was really looking forward to a great meal from Khyber Halal. I really wanted to like this place, based on all my fellow Yelpers' reviews, but, in my opinion, it just wasn't up to snuff. I checked them out on a Friday night after work, looking to grab a few items to go. After entering the hole-in-the-wall location (which I love, by the way), I was greeted from behind the counter by an older gentlemen and a few teenagers. You could tell this was truly a family run operation.After perusing the menu for a bit, I asked for a few recommendations. I'm a pretty adventurous eater, so I told them to throw the best of the bunch at me. He suggested the Uzbak Pulao, which was grilled lamb on top of a rice mixture (carrots, currants, and bits of meat...I'm assuming it was lamb or goat). My husband ordered the Chicken Handi, which was grilled chicken with a spicy rub over rice (nothing fancy here).  We also ordered Naan and a side of hummus.We got home and dove into our meals, which by the way, was enough to feed a family of four, if not six. My lamb was chewy (I ordered it medium rare) with very little flavor, and the rice mixture was bland and oily (probably from all the meat). The Naan had no flavor at all, either, and after a certain point, I felt like I was eating a chewy piece of cardboard. By far the worst of the bunch was the hummus. It was literally mashed up chickpeas with no additional ingredients (tahini, anyone? Maybe a little lemon juice?). It was bland as can be.  To be fair, my husband enjoyed his chicken, but it doesn't take a lot to please his palate. I also tried his rice, and it was nothing special. While this place is a killer value and and a sweet family run establishment, we, sadly, won't be returning.
5	My friends took me to Khyber Halal around the 1st of March and I've eaten there once a week since my first visit. the food is fantastic. they have a ton of vegetarian dishes which I love and they have plenty of Meat dishes for the meat eaters. Treat yourself to something other than burgers and fries and go eat here!
4	Solid. I will definitely be back ... especially for take-out. And when I order that take-out, let's be honest, I will probably have to order that delicious Mantoo concoction as an "appetizer" even though I will be dining alone. I'm really glad that someone made a parody of Taylor Swift's 22 for 30-somethings, because now I don't have to feel bad about choosing take-out over a night on the town. You know, some of us have jobs and responsibilities and just don't want to put on spanx at the end of the day. We want to put on yoga pants and eat Chinese food ... or in this case Afghani. So, in conclusion, if you are looking for some tasty meat, why not try Khyber Halal? It's available whenever a craving strikes and you don't have to get dressed up for it.
5	Amazing Pakistai/afghan food. Best I've had in the valley. Family run with very nice owners. Chicken tikka masala, goat karahi, and beef Bihari are my favs
4	So, we've been back to Khyber Halal no less than 5 or 6 times since my last review. The food is still fantastic and I have noticed a change in service... for the better! We are quickly seated and the staff recognizes us when we come in, often making suggestions about new dishes or provide a detailed explanation when we inquire. We tried to go a couple of weeks ago but the restaurant was closed due to a funeral :(. If you haven't tried this place already, what are you waiting for??!
5	Although this restaurant is owned by my cousin and her husband, I have yet to make a visit. I give this place 5 stars because I have tried out numerous dishes cooked by her and have got to say that EVERYTHING i have tasted by her is absolutely exquisite. I do not doubt that the same goes for everything on the menu at this restaurant. I wish I lived in Phoenix so I could've tried some of the delicious dishes at her place, mainly because of my love for afghan food. Yummy Kabuli Pulao.
4	Want good food for your buck? Come to Khyber Halal. A family-owned restaurant serving Afghan/Pakistani/Indian combo platters, and boy is the food great! The only unfortunate issue I could think of this place is some items on the menu may not be available. Other than this, bring your appetite cause the portions are HUGE!
4	Ordered the Chix Tikka Masala. Fresh & spicy. Comes w/Naan which was also fresh. For desert, had Phirni and THE best Baklawa ever made on planet earth. Will definitely be back.
5	I just ate there for the first time and I must say it was amazing!  The food is fresh and I can't wait to go back and try something new on the menu.  I had a mango yogurt drink and started with one beef samosa and one veggie samosa, both were wonderful, then we each had an entre and both entres were amazing and big enough to share or take home.  I just finished my left overs from eating there last night.  The atmosphere was casual and comfortable.  I would feel comfortable eating there by myself or with a friend.  I will definitely be back and my boyfriend has been talking about the food since we left there last night.
5	Had dinner here last night. The chicken boti, and mantoo were delicious!  The eggplant dish was really good as well. The place is simple, clean and the service was good. Our bill was $29!  Talk about an amazing deal. Will definitely be back.
3	The food was ok. I ordered the chicken boti and lamb skewers for my husband. The food was good, and plenty of it, but not flavor city. Unfortunately for the us the food did not live up to the hype. The samosas were the BEST part of the meal.
5	Fully 5star food and service. Location I'd say easy to find and decor is homey but does the trick
4	The food is really good. I have never eaten Middle Eastern food before and after this meal I am a fan. The prices are great. Had a party of 4 and ordered the meat platter. It was a ton of food for $20.00. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because their service is really bad. They did not even think to ask to refill our drinks. Once you ask for a refill they do refill your drink. They are not rude or anything, they just are not that concerned about serving you. My favorite meat was Chicken Boti, the workers even said that this is one of their best dishes they make. If you want to try Middle Eastern food for the first time, this is the place I would recommend. It can be a little intimidating, but focus on the Chicken Boti, order a naan, or Tandoori Paratha and enjoy.
3	The food is very good!  I suggest you take it to go. I had to ask for tea and boxes for the food. The server hung out behind the register texting. Really? Do you expect to be tipped?!?  Definitely take out!
4	After being stuck in the rural Midwest for two years where food options were extremely limited, this place was a nice find for lunch.  Glad to have my Pakistani/Indian Yelpie friend present to order as I had no idea what to do.  We got chicken karahi, goat biryani, chicken tikka masala, and chickpeas with some naan to share.  Food came out looking looking very homey and overall tasted very good. The karahi was by far the best - very tender and moist chicken that I mopped up with naan.  Tikka Masala was also tasty and had a nice kick (you can adjust spice levels).  The rice:goat ratio on the biryani was high and while I usually like goat, this was a bit gamey and dry. Service was slow given there weren't many other diners at the restaurant.  However, portions were huge and very reasonably priced.  Total bill was $44 for 4  and we left stuffed with 4 full boxes of leftovers. I would come back for more karahi and to try some other dishes. Probably for dinner though as the food is pretty heavy for lunch.
4	Very good! Reminds me of my mom's cooking.The chicken karahi is light but very flavorful. The portion is also really large. The chicken tikka masala was very good. I was a little disappointed by the goat biryani - the portion size was good, but the rice was dry. I also thought the raita (accompanying yogurt) was a little bland. The chick pea masala was pretty good, but a little simple for my taste. Still, it was nice that it wasn't drowned in overpowering spices.The service is slow, but I think the prices are reasonable. I could definitely see this place becoming my go to Indian/Pakistani restaurant in Phoenix.
5	Hugh amount of very tasty food for the dollar. Boti chicken kabob is my favorite along with the samosas. The mango yogurt drink is great! The two side dishes of spinach and cauliflower have wonderful seasonings.
4	The food was delicious. We tried many items. Favorites were the lamb kabobs, eggplant, lamb shank on rice and chicken khori.  What a find!
5	love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if you haven't been here before then you need to go now!!! if you drive passed it you would second guess it like i did but one day my mother brought me some & it was love at first bite haha =) try it
4	After reading other reviews, I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala. I got it spicy, but not over the top spicy. It was very good. The chicken was cooked perfect. The staff was very friendly.
2	I'm seriously beginning to question, whether Yelp reviewers are actually former incarcerated felons, who had such lousy food in jail, that almost anything decent will merit 4 or 5 stars.  Seriously:  what about this place rates 4 or 5 stars?!?  Yeah, the kids, who help run the place are adorable and well-mannered, but that's not a reason to rave about the restaurant ... or is it?  Let's talk about what's NOT cute:One of our companions ordered the kabli pulao from the menu.  He did state, that the meat was fairly decently spiced, but the rest of the dish was pretty bland.  His plate, for some reason, came with plain pilaf, which did even less to relieve the blandness.  My plate had the Afghan rice with raisins, so it was a little better.  However, the presentation of the kabli leaves something to be desired.  I would seriously consider altering its shape, since it arrives at your table shaped like a long .... Well, let's just say, I wondered whether one of my dogs from home got into the restaurant and had an accident on his plate  (my companion assures me, that would not have been possible as the food would then have had more flavor than it did).I had the lamb shank.  It, too, came with enough rice to feed an Afghan family of 7.  And, as much as I love carbs, most of it sat on my plate at meal's end.  The lamb was very fatty, but, hey, that's what gives it taste.  Unfortunately, it was the ONLY dish with lamb available at the restaurant (which, for an Afghani restaurant is as bizarre as going to an Italian restaurant and them not having pasta!).As an appetizer, I had the hummus, which was -- surprise -- bland.  The bread they serve with it -- allegedly naan -- bore an amazing resemblance to Little Caesar's cheesy bread.  Good, but not naan in any sense of the word I know.My partner had the chicken tikki masala, which, to me, looked almost like pho (soup) when it came out.  However, he said it was not only very good, but creamy.  They did not, however, bother to ask him how spicy he wanted it, so it came out in a neutral, middle spiciness, which, according to him, added just enough spice to avoid it being --- you got it --- bland.Service was attentive and extraordinarily polite, especially when considering our server probably doesn't yet know how to shave.Overall, we won't be coming back here.  The food was bland and nothing particularly exciting.  If, as one of the reviewers stated, the cooking reminds her of how mom made dinner at home, she should immediately close Yelp, drive to mom's, and blow up her pots and pans.Many of the reviewers here have written, that the dishes come with plenty of food.  But this isn't exactly true:  when it comes down to it, the main dish portions aren't big at all and you're served truckloads of cheap rice to fill out the dishes.As my partner stated:  "you really have to read these reviews with a grain of salt".  Perhaps.  But if you intend to take reviews of this place with a grain of salt, make sure to bring your own with you:  as bland as the food is here, you won't find any salt laying around to use
4	Charming joint in a sleazy strip mall where you underpay to be overfed. Authentic, welcoming, spicy. I love it.As Alex S. said below, some of the items have too much rice. I don't really recommend the pulao dishes for that reason, though the lamb shank is delicious, and yes, I finished the rice. Get something spicy & soupy with naan. Anything karahi or nihari.
4	The food at this place is awesome. I always do takeout because I'm not crazy about the atmosphere, but I've never tried anything I don't like. Definitely try it out!!
5	Awesome food & service.. must go!
1	Was on a business trip in Phoneix and decided I wanted some Paki food. After reading some reviews I decided on Khyber Halal. Since I was from out of town I decided to give them a call and confirm there hours, I was told last order is an hour before the restaurant closes. Me and three of my coworkers grabbed a cab and headed over there. We arrived an hour and ten minutes before closing, as we headed to a table the cashier, Abudallah told us take out only. We mentioned to him that we called and they said as long as we come an hour before closing we would be served. He repeated take out only, we told him we were from out of town and didn't have a place to take them. He told us that was what the manager had told him, we asked to see the manager, he told us that the manager wasn't available. At this point he said we are out of food, and pretty much told us to get the F out. Couldn't believe it, ended up spending $40 in cabs without getting anything to eat. We ended at Curry Corner(Tempe), with better service.
4	Lots of dishes to choose from. I ordered the chicken kabob and chicken tikka masala spicy. Caution do not order spicy unless you can handle some serious heat. Decent price and good portions. I will visit again, the food was delicious.Next time I'm going to try the Afghani specialty menu.
4	Really interesting family own restaurant.Be ready for new flavors. Some of them spicy. The dumplings and deserts were my favorite. Also the meat dishes were tasteful.Not a big fan of the rice dishes, plus the servings were family style.The deserts worth the try, try as many as your stomach allows you!I was invited so I don't know about pricing, but seems to be pretty fair.Cheers
5	First of all, this is an Afghani/Pakistani restaurant. Its the only decent Pakistani food Ive had in the valley. Their beef shish kababs are great. Nihari is also very good. As for their Afghani items, the Bolani and Mantoo are amazing. Its a very spartan restaurant in a less than spectacular strip mall. The owner and his family are very welcoming. This is as close as it gets to authentic Pakistani/Afghani food in the valley. So dont go there if you're seeking ambience!
5	Oh my, could there be Afghan grandma's in the back cooking up all that food? Home-cooking ain't got nothing on this place... unless the cook(s) here are in your home kitchen.We had a table for 7 and everyone was beyond satisfied. Kabobs, fried fish, veggies and more were had by all. Recommend the Uzbeki Pulao *wink, wink*Came here visiting family, and so sad that we're not in the state regularly enough to be their sole source of income lol
1	After reading all the great review on yelp was utterly disappointed. Definately not an Indian or Pakistani restaurant. Food is bland.Biryani is just plain bland masala rice made with afghan spice combo. Nan not good either.For people looking for authentic indian or pakistani place this is not the place.
4	Came in today with my daughter. We both enjoyed our experience. Chicken tikka masala and chicken handi was delicious. Nice and spicy. Hummus was perfect. Coming back soon. Great family run place. Two brothers work up front and are good kids!
4	I've eaten Khyber Halal twice now, both times for take out. Everything I've had there is pretty delicious, definitely good Indian/Pakistani/Afghan food for the Valley. The chicken tikka masala was classically delish, I feel like it's hard to go wrong with heavily spiced and sauced chicken. The naan was fabulous, and if I weren't so full from the other things on my plate I would have eaten much more of it. Definitely worth eating with sauce alone. Lamb kabobs are also a solid choice, again another classic dish that it's hard to go wrong with. What really stood out for me, though, was the mantoo! I ordered the mantoo on a lonely night at home, by the recommendation of the guy behind the counter. It was SO garlic-y, but SOO meaty, creamy, and delicious. My roommates were flabbergasted by the smell of the house when they got home, and I definitely couldn't finish a full order of the garlicy goodness on my own. I'll definitely go back and try more options, but I'm excited to get more mantoo in my belly (hopefully chased with some naan next time to dull the spices).
4	Outstanding.  Great service and the food was good any healthy.  Had the eggplant, which was a bit unfamiliar, but tasty with the naan.  This naan was not the best I've had (a bit more "hearty" than I'm used to).The chicken kebab was seasoned really nicely, if a bit overcooked.  Very generous portion of rice.Totally a fan.  I'd come back again next time I'm nearby and try something else and probably up this rating to 5-stars.
5	I stumbled upon this restaurant after spending the day at the hospital and wanting to have something exciting to eat. It's not much to look at from the outside situated in a small strip "mall" across from a circle k. Definitely a diamond in the rough! The food is DELICIOUS and the portions are quite generous. Service was also very good! Will definitely be back it was great
4	Plan accordingly folks. Leave room for the sweets! You may over order with your eyes. Temptation may give in as you eagerly dig into your meals. Pace yourself or you'll be stuffed as your fork hits the bottom of that plate. Trust me, in your lifetime everyone should try a Gulab jamun. In laymen's terms that would be a little ball of dough. Two of these ping pong sized balls come in a container. You won't want to share. I mean, the civil thing would be to share. But really, once your spoon touches the sweet cardamom syrup that's involved. Mmm...I don't think so. A moment on the lips a memory forever.Moving on. Just remember to leave room for dessert. There are other sweets available up front to choose from, I'll report back next time. (Gosh darn it. They've got me.)Zipping into the nondescript shopping center we studied the menu upfront. We seated ourselves in the dining area, which is a no-frills kind of place. (There's a TV if anyone really, really needs that.) Our server was quick to take our order and our food was out lickity split.Spicy means hot! (If you opt for spicy be prepared.) The Chicken Tikka Masala was divine with copious amounts of chicken. Served with four large artistically cut pieces of naan leftovers abound.  The Kabli Pulao really does come with a foot long serving of a beef shish kabob.  (The beef has been shredded and molded into this arc of a shape.) The rice was airy and well balanced with raisins and shredded carrots.The accompanying chatni sauce was a delightful surprise on top of all the goodness involved. Note that there is no beer or alcohol on the menu.Just remember, pace yourselves!
5	Favorite place to eat in Phoenix! My boyfriend and I make it a point to visit whenever we are in town! My favorite dish is the chicken handi, but I have loved everything I have tried. I highly recommend the lamb shank, beef kabob, and the goat biriyani as well!!! So much flavor in every bite here. The staff when we've gone has been two younger guys and they are so helpful and adorable. We will be back!!!!
4	The kabobs were amazing and the goat rice was yummy. The staff is very friendly and the food is delish =)
5	This is my new favorite Middle Eastern place to eat. First off the dining room and restroom were spotless clean. We ordered a beef kabob plate and a gyro sandwich with fries.The food came out quick and piping hot.First off lets talk about the kabob plate. It was a very large portion of seasoned ground beef cooked on a flat skewer. It was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. The skewer was served on a very generous portion of yummy rice and a nice chopped salad. Also included was a wonderful and spicy sauce.My daughter ordered the gyro sandwich and fries. The sandwich was made on a huge pita, served with lettuce, onions and tzatziki. The fries were hot, fresh and tasty.The portions are huge, bring an appetite or bring a cooler because nobody leaves here hungry.
5	We r from chicago and came to khyber halal after reading positive reviews on yelp. The restaurant is charming, quaint, and well - decorated with authentic afghani decor and pieces, also very clean. The owner/head chef Fahima greeted us and was our server. She was incredibly pleasant and gave us great recommendations. She discussed that she tries to use organic ingredients and tries to make dishes healthy for her customers. All of her meat entrees are halal.Our first visit we had beef samosa and shami kabob for appetizers. Each came with fresh green chutney and tasted as if she had just freshly hand made the dough, meat, and chutney. We ate afghani dishes including kabli pulao and uzbek pulao, both spectacular. The helpings of rice are heaping, and you'll definitely have leftovers. Thr prices are very reasonable.Since our visit, my family reminisced about the delicious taste of her food every meal in phoenix, nothing compared. We came back and tried her pakistani dishes, equally delicious! Her naan is so plump and tastes made in a tandoor.  This place is always crowded and filled with a diverse crowd.  Mango lassi is perfect after a morning hike. Dessert including phirni and baklawa taste homemade.We will probably b back again during our vacation, but wanted to post this since I am truly in love with this place. The owner Fahima is incredibly talented and will probably b known as a great chef in the near future.  If you are in phoenix, definitely visit this place, your taste buds will not forget it!
1	I don't know what you are all talking about.  This place has horrible service and mediocre food.  The rice doesn't come with the mean and the naan is hard and thick as a rock. No thanks. I need to find a better place asap.  Nothing beats my wa place
4	Unique, disticnt and literly colorful flavors can be found here at quite reasonable prices.There are several veg options here including the Gulpi. Coliflour with a tumeric and other spices sauce which was just beyond wonderful. It left my foung dancing and my fingers yellow from all of the flavor. It is serverd with their "naan" bread which is much more like a thick tandoor bread.This was just a quick take out order and I am excited to try everything they have to offer.
5	Fantastic Food as usual!   Had the 19.99 platter with 4 Kabobs, rice and salad.  Hubby and I had enough to take home.  Also bought Firni dessert to take home.  Anyone who hasn't tried them should!
4	Really good food!! Staff were nice! The area wasn't too bad. The restaurant itself it's nothing fancy but does the job! I'd definetly go back!
5	I'm trying to remember how we heard about this cool Afghan restaurant. Do remember seeing good friend and party queen Irene V in the reviews and had to check them out.Inside is very clean and the decor is casual and fun. This is a nice family owned restaurant and you can feel that vibe right away. The kids work the front part of the restaurant and Mom does her magic in the kitchen.Started off with some Chicken and Beef Samosas and went with the famous Chicken Tikka Masala extra spicy. It was delicious and had plenty of tasty flavors bursting in my mouth. The heat level was very high and perfect for my taste buds. Nice!Came back again and ordered the Kabli Pulao (Kofta) plate. Again the portion size and the flavors were exceptional and even had some left to bring home. Really love the way she makes the rice with the raisins and carrots in the dish. Going to have to try and reproduce this bad boy at home.They have a rather large menu that can accommodate almost any diet or request. Appetizers, Snacks, Kababs, Currys, Wraps, Burgers, and Vegetarian choices if you are in the mood for a meat free meal. They also have a good variety of sweet Desserts to cap off your visit.Service is friendly and the food is delicious. Can't wait to bring the family back and maybe get me some Goat on my next visit. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. OH YEAH!5 STARS
4	Another spot I drive by on my way home from work on 24th St and I finally got around to trying it. I have gyros enough times that I needed to find something else to try. I always enjoy north Indian food and found a dish I recognized. The chicken tikka was great but I ordered it a level of spice I couldn't handle. The sauce was so good but my mouth was on fire. I tried to reheat with yogurt but it didnt bring it down to doable. Cant blame them for my mistake! . The other dish I ordered was the was the Beef Nihari. I have heard of this dish from other Indians middle easterners but never tried. This sauce on the other hand was not something I could enjoy. The description sounded amazing and it was indicated as being one of the most popular. I feel like the dish a very distinct buttery masala taste but not very spicy or taste of many different spices. Another time I did the lunch special of Gyro and fries which was great. Finished it off with some baklava that was also on point.
4	My husband and I recently moved here from NYC and were excited to try this place out. It lived up to the great reviews!! We ordered a vegetable samosa, which came with some cilantro dipping sauce. It was perfectly cooked and I wanted to put that sauce on everything. I ordered the Mantoo and my husband the lamb kebab. They both were very good portions and more importantly delicious. Last, but not least we had the chili naan bread. It was spicy, but worth every bite. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
1	Drove here al the way from Tempe. I was at the door at 8:01pm on a Sat night. I was told there was only take out service after 8 and they didn't seat us. I guess they just can let business walk away. I will never come back.
5	Amazing.  I am afghan too and can cook all these so it's hard to impress our family with traditional good. this place is the only authentic food I go for. And not to mention very reasonable prices. As long as you make it there before 8. We just moved to AZ and so glad to find this place.
2	I usually go here when Biaz is not available. And I would usually go to fattoush also before I go here. But fattoush made me sick once and that was it. This place is family owned and operated. The meat and bread are good but the rice is not. It tastes weird. Also your meal does not come with pita bread or hummus. They have no middle eastern sodas or gourmet sodas, just Pepsi products. The Mother who is the cook is the only nice person there. The younger boys will treat you funny if you are not middle eastern. And don't expect a damn thing from the younger women working there. I don't feel to much racial tension here vs other places. But as an African women I do know they can be more respectful. The Baklava was soggy this time.
1	I will start with the positives: the staff is exceedingly friendly and attentive, the restrooms are clean, and the restaurant is clean. Now with the negatives: the food. I have eaten Indian food all over the country (San Francisco, Sacramento, Los Angeles, Phoenix, Baltimore, New York, Washington, the list goes on). I LOVE Indian food. If I had to choose a dying meal, it would be paneer masala with naan and basmati. This restaurant served literally the least authentic Indian food I have ever eaten. They tried, but it is painfully Americanized, and I should have known based on the "whitebread" patrons here. They even serve hamburgers??? They did not serve basmati, instead it was just long grain white or brown rice, and very little seasoning. Their naan tasted like cheap, reheated, store bought pita bread, their sauces/curries were bland and lacking dimension, and the rest of their fare was the most average food I have ever had. I tried this place because two other restaurants closer to me had a whole star less than this place (including the place recommended below), so I thought... It MUST be better. I was wrong. If you want authentic Indian food I recommend New Indian Bazaar on 7th Street.
2	I agree with an earlier post the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the restaurant is clean. Not fancy, but very clean. The food was too dry for me.
5	big food portions, great taste that would make you crave it later. simply the best place to get food in my opinion. i highly recommend ordering the ''manto''
5	Dropped by a week ago to find updated decor, new menus, but the same wonderful attentiveness by the staff.  Did I tell you this is a family operation??  Anyway, the menu items have gone up by a few cents but that should not deter anyone.  This place just can't get anything wrong!  We had the delicious lamb and chicken kabobs, spicy rice and salad.  Just Fabulous.  It's one of those restaurants that just gets better and better.  I don't know how they do it, but they do.  Thanks for the wonderful meals, guys.
4	I do love me some Pakistani/Indian food! Khyber Halal is a spot that i frequent and does not disappoint and its a family run joint, which i enjoy! My favorite dish here is the chicken biryani.  It's a nice blend of spices and they give you plenty of meat. They do seem to use a lot of white meat chicken; however, sometimes i do like the dark meat. If you are craving some decent indian food, i'd recommend this place!
1	I don't see what everybody is raving about the First of all the chef is rude and the I think the oldest kid who works there is not at all helpful at all, the food is bland and no quantity just rice which by the way taste  cardboard .we will definitely not returning to this food anytime soon
4	Went at 2PM for a very pleasing meal.They do a steady business and it is easy to see why.I had two vegie samosa which were delicious. The cilantro sauce also came with the main course and is superb.Hummas with Naan was good.Mango Lassi drink excellent.Main course Uzbek Pulao was equally good.Sheerpera as desert was average. I am inclined to give 5*s but not overly familiar with the food. All staff I had contact with were warm and friendly. Just sitting here and thinking of the food has me smiling.
5	Great fresh full of flavor chicken karahi--full order was huge.  Easily a whole chicken in it.  loved the sauce. Great eggplant dish too.  Kids loved the tikka massala.Cheap and tasty.Would come back anytime I'm in the area.
2	Not sure if I I just ate chicken...  Or a cat...  Weird texture meat.  Sauce was odd in the tikka masala and the naan...  Well...  It was more like a pita - too thick and spongy...  2 of 5 even with rice.  Will not recommend.
5	Sweet mother of God, why haven't I tried this place sooner??? I've wasted 24 years I could have been savoring their dishes. (I technically don't know how long they've been in business, but I'm guessing it's been a while... and even if it's a month... I can't believe I've missed that month).  It might be my new favorite restaurant in this city.  The food was amazing.  The service was wonderful.  The value was outstanding. The prices are beyond reasonable for what you get (taking into account both flavor and portion size).  Don't let the location scare you.  Consider it a blessing.  It's probably how they keep prices down. I ordered the Chicken Karahi (large portion, so that I'd have leftovers for lunch the next day).  It's a miraculous mixture of chicken perfectly cooked, in a ginger/jalapeno/tomato based sauce that's so delicious and fragrant, served with naan bread.  I ordered it medium hot, and the spices were perfect.  Definitely warm, but not so hot you can't enjoy your food. It's only 10am next day, and I've already broken into the take-home carton and had it for breakfast.  YUM.  Even better second day, if that's possible. My hubby ordered the Mantoo.  HEAVEN.  He cleaned his entire plate off (and then helped himself to my Karahi...which at the time I was cool with... but today.. I wish I'd have told him to keep his grubby hands to himself... I would have had enough left for breakfast AND lunch.)We were stuffed, but had to try the Gulub Jaman for dessert.  We weren't disappointed.  Two balls of doughy goodness, resting in a sweet syrup of heaven.  They aren't large.  Small actually.  The perfect amount to cap off an amazing meal with, without pushing you over gluttony's precarious edge.  Don't hesitate to give this place a shot. You will be so glad you did. BRAVO Khyber Halal!!  You will definitely be seeing us again!!!!
