1	I purchased a Groupon on May 6th for 2 dozen cupcakes at Bitter Sweet Cake Boutique. Went to place my order today and there's no place to order on-line and a recording saying that they will be closed from May 9-15th!? Really, who closes after you've placed a Groupon. Not only that, but they are not taking orders until the beginning of June. When I purchased the Groupon, it said it was able to be redeemed the next day. Not happy with this company at all. Returning my Groupon and will never use this company in the future.
5	As a gift to the bride and groom of a wedding I was in, I ordered the wedding cake, cup cakes and groom's cake. When working with a company from across the country, you tend to be a little worried about how things are going to turn out. Bitter Sweet Cake Boutique far exceeded every expectation that I had for the cakes, the flavor was to die for, and the designs were spot on. Hands down I would recommend ordering from this company and I will use them for any event I have in Phoenix in the future, either for my personal events or future events my company has. Job well done and you have a customer for life!
5	These are the BEST cupcakes I have EVER had. I ordered strawberry lemonade and blueberry pancake flavors. They are amazing. Owner is very nice and will deliver for a small fee! Support local business! This one is fantastic!!!!Great customer service!
5	I rarely leave reviews online, but the service and cake was so amazing, I had to brag about this company! I was recommended to Brittany by a mutual friend, and was in need of a cake last minute (4 days from my mom's graduation)! I called Brittany and she was eager to work with me and quickly sent me some cake design ideas. The cake turned out AMAZING- better than the picture she found online! The attention to detail in her work is fabulous... and the cake tasted so good! Brittany even arranged to have the cake delivered to a restaurant so we could surprise my mom. I will definitely be ordering all my cakes from Bittersweet Cake Boutique from now on!
5	I ordered the Peanut Butter Fluff and Salty Banana cupcakes and both flavors blew me away!  I have used Groupons for three other cupcake purchases from different bakeries and have NEVER tasted anything like these!!  Brittany gives great customer service too--emailed promptly and made the whole experience so easy.
