4	This is quite a hip little spot and we almost wished we smoked cigars so we too could be whisked off to the back room.  Guess I'm just not hip enough though.  The Scotch menu sure is impressive but I was slightly peckish so ordered one of their food pairings - Port and cheese.  I was quite impressed with the portion of the two cheeses, melba toast, almonds and dried cranberries and the port came in a proper Port glass.  One friend had a beer and the other a scotch.  The coolest part of the experience though was, oddly, the washroom.  They have this fancy toilet that cleans itself after every flush.  Seriously!  When you flush the toilet seats rotates through a little washing machine once around.  I wish every bar would get on board with this program!!  I heard that the men's washroom is a wall of waterfall that the guys pee into.  Kind cool hey?  You know you've got to check this out right?  Right?!  Yes I know, I'm not very hip...
5	Fucking awesome.That's pretty much the only way to put it.   A spectacular menu of single malts meets a Tarantino-esque interior.  An extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff.   Possible gangsters everywhere.This is unquestionably a find worth finding.
4	Did not go there at the best time (late afternoon / early evening). Single Malt selection is impressive. Pricey.
3	The Whisky Cafe has a great vibe, it's got that sexy French film star sparkly zen with dark corners for hiding starlets, and central tables under soft lights for being seen. The Whisky selection is excellent but over priced - the same glass could be $5 cheaper down the street, but only if you can find it. Whisky also does lovely ports, grappas, and wine and cheese pairings, and the cigar lounge is small but hot if you're into that particular allegory.
4	Good place for a cigar and a single malt...The back room - the "cigar saloon" is comfortable and relaxing.I came here with three buddies and we had a great time sipping whiskey and smoking CUBANS
5	Smoke a Cuban cigar and drink whiskeys. Men's bathroom has this funky wall where you can pee on, cray.
3	Places has a great list of Scotch, if that's all you care about you'll have a good time. I really wanted to love this place, but the price and ambience just didn't work for me. The Scotch was good, so I can't complain too much. The Glenfiddich taster (of the 12, 15, and 18 year old) is good, and the pours were friendly.I didn't get a chance to try the cigars, so I'm hoping to go back soon (and update my review).The venue is nice, but didn't really inspire me. The booths are comfy, but the rest of the tables looked bunched together - I'm all for making friends with the people next to me, but I like to do it by choice, not because they're sitting on my lap. Next time, I'd probably get a spot on the bar.
4	This is a nice place if you like your whiskey and scotch. They have quite an extensive (and expensive) list of various whiskeys, portos, wines, grappas, and beers, as well as some food and snacks to pair with your drink. It has a great atmosphere and vibe, it's dim and seductive-like. On my visit, I enjoyed a few glasses of red wine with a plate of assorted cheeses. The Whisky Cafe also has a small cigar lounge that many people find relaxing and enjoyable, so give it a try if you like that sort of thing.
4	Elegant, dark and charming, this place is perfect for a romantic date. You can try different whiskys, and have small bites. We had pistachios and I had a whole whisky glass for the first time! Great place to go warm to on a chilly Fall night.
