4	Great place to buy used stuff for kids. They've got a little bit of everything -- toys, strollers, pack-n-plays, clothes, high chairs, etc. Items are usually in great shape and in working order. We ended up buying about 4 shirts and 2 or 3 shorts for our two year old for less than $40. If you buy brand new stuff from Carters , Kids R Us, or anywhere else you'd be lucky to buy 3 items for that amount. There are a lot of good finds in the store. Clothes from brand name places like the Gap or Calvin Klein. They're constantly getting new stuff so go there often and check it out.
1	I went in the store today, the store is so over crowded, most of the workers was rude. I was looking at the strollers alot of them was stained up seats. I open the parent compartment on one to find bags of cherios and crackers with some spilled out. He hard is it to clean the item before putting on sales floor? You can't even walk through there with a stroller it was that cluttered.
3	Came here with a big ol'box of infant clothes to exchange for store credit. They don't give you what you could get for it if you sold it on Craigslist but you do get more for it if you get store credit. Which is fine with me. Scored some really cute stuff and still have some credit left for future shopping. I will take more clothes in for exchange as soon as I have another box full..and yes the store is busy and hard to maneuver through but it's worth a look for sure.
1	If there is one thing I can not stand its horrible customer service!! I have been to this store a few times and have even sold items to them. I came in the other day to buy a bow for my daughters hair before heading to take pictures. Looked for a minute then grabbed what I wanted since I was in a hurry. When I was ready to pay I pull out my debit card and the cashier informs me theres a $10 min purchase. Where was the sign you ask? BEHIND the counter..oh that's right I forgot my xray glasses at home. How stupid on my part. So instead of leaving and driving all the way to the atm(Remember I'm on a time limit) I grab a few more bows and head out. BTW 11 bucks for two bows and a rubber band bow is highway robbery!! Second time I come in was today well all I wanted to do was exchange 1 of those bows, I had the receipt tags all intact and still in the original bag now I'm told all sales are final on bows OK OK I can understand  why but again NO sign posted. It was obvious it wasn't used, why did it take 3 people to decide if they would exchange it?? When I told them I just wanted a pink bow instead I was informed that I should have purchased the right one the first time!! Seriously?? Thank you captain obvious!! OK so long story long..(haha) very rude customer service Over priced used items and way too crowded! If I wanted boutique prices I would go to one and buy brand new!!
2	When my sister-in-law told me there was a resale kids shop in Las Vegas, I organized a bunch of stuff and hauled it in the next day. I think that they give about 10-15% of their sale price. Here is an example: I sold them my son's $50 Lucky Brand Jeans. They'll sell them for $12 or so which means I'll get $1.20 for those perfect condition jeans. I went in there with tons of jeans, jackets, shirts (mostly all of which were baby gap), a stroller, rainforest play gym, and a luxe boppy. This was easily $600 worth of stuff and when I saw that they bought everything, I expected quite a bit of money. Intead, I got $41. I later went back there to sell small toys because toys probably wouldn't sell for much at a yardsale or on eBay anyway, but I saw the $60 play gym I sold them selling for $25 which means I got $2.50 for it. There was also the same playgym there missing various pieces and filthy selling for $20 which means I only got paid $0.50 more. I will definitely be selling my stuff on eBay and Craigslist and bringing in the rejects to this store. Shopping here on the other hand is a bargain. Some of their stuff is still new including robeez shoes ($40 at Daggermans) selling for $10. I will probably come here to buy a new pair of robeez and maybe some toys for the kiddos.
1	Okay I wouldnt even give this store a 1 star but the site is making me! I went in today with my 2.5 yr old in tow, stuck her in her stroller so she didnt destroy the store right? Hell, They didnt open till 1pm, okay...its sunday I get it. The girl didnt show up till 10 mins before 1, Glared at me in my car as she was walking up to the store, I go in after waiting a while and she was rude! (No suprise) I couldn't believe the way this store looked! It seriously looks like it should be on the show hoarders! So I tried to browse the store mind you my stroller is a very light weight umbrella stroller, and I couldn't get through the store very well. I was on a mission to find jeans for my daughter for this next week for a trip we are going on. Found the section I needed, and I almost died of a heart attack of the prices, really Childrens place jeans for 8.99 when in store brand new you can get them onsale for 10 bucks!!! Forget it! I know my clothing well, as I only buy brand names becasuse they last longer. I'd rather go back to Childrens place or Gymboree and pay full price! So curious as I am I start looking at other baby gear IE: strollers, jumperoos ect, and I couldnt believe the condition of the strollers, stained, dirty, wobbly and the tires looked as if they had no tread left on them! Not to mention they want an arm and a leg for them, along with the same exact jumperoo I had for my daughter, that I bought brand new (so that folks was 2+ yrs ago when I bought it) and they want 60 bucks for it...and that was thrashed too! If my princess didnt have her heart set on a  tutu and flower hair clip i wouldnt have bought a damn thing! Even at that the tutu was out ragous at 7.99 and the hair clip was 5.99....smh! I could have bought my own material and made the same exact thing cheaper, but explaine that to a 2.5 yr old... Anyways all in all  I WILL NOT RETURN TO THAT STORE FOR NOTHING!!!  I'll go down the street and spend my money at another store I found after leaving that place!!!! Its called Kid Around a much much better place!!
4	I really like the store, you can find some really good deals. I go there to buy Melissa and Doug products and clothes for school for my two kids. Occasionally they'll have really big-ticket toy items that I will pick up for them as well. The store is really cluttered and hard to walk through and I don't think that they clean their toys after they buy them and before they put them out on their shelves. They could be better at that. It's the only kids resale store that I continue to go to.
5	i bring my kids clothes in periodicly when im about to throw them away or when someone goes on a wild shopping spree to make my kids look like a bad martha stewart episode this is great for extra cash i dont really need the money but hey why not and everything else they dont want or is outta season they donate i like this place
3	I really like this place! I can sell or trade my baby/kid clothes but the only down fall is that their bathroom doesn't work! Or so they say! And no where in that shopping strip do they let you use the bathroom! How are you going to have a kid store that people bring in their kids to and not have a bathroom!? Most of the time the girls that work there are really nice. Love the products and selection I can find there but the whole bathroom thing is ridiculous!
4	Great place to shop at I have found tons of bargains on baby clothes. The downfall the one day I decided to go and sell some stuff it was busy. We waited about an hour to get our stuff looked at. By the end I was ready to leave and didn't even shop. But I would still go back.
5	In the process of clearing house, I am a total pack rat that has saved all my kids clothing, brought in here. Super fast, super courteous, made some dough, who could ask for more?Got my little guy some GUESS jeans for 6.99, score!
1	This place is insanely rude!!! Worst customer service ever. They should name this store the hoarders storage. And they don't let you use the restroom.
3	I'm going to have to say this place is hit or miss. Unfortunately there is no way of knowing what the inventory is until you get there, but that's all part of the allure. The prices are great and the inventory is well organized.
4	Love this place! Plenty of name brand new and used clothes for a very good price. I like that this place is selective in the quality of merchandise while at the same time being very reasonable with pricing. A nice little bonus for any military families out there...they give 10% off your purchase! I like supporting businesses that support us.
2	Clothes are expensive and many dirty. Little selection for 2-3 year olds.  Low consignment for people who want to bring their baby stuff for extra money.   Really really slow service reps.   Make sure you have time.  Good toy and baby accessories selection.
1	I brought a bunch of seasonally appropriate maternity clothes here, all in very nice condition. They would not take any of it because apparently everything was out of style, even pieces I had purchased less than a year ago. I was unaware that maternity tshirts actually went out of style that quickly! They did offer me $4.75 for an unopened box of 4 bottles, a woombie and 5 very nice swaddles/sleep sacks. No thanks! I can do much better selling them myself. I will never take my things here or shop here. What a waste of my time.I was able to take all this clothing to Tiny Wardrobe.  The woman there welcomed me nicely, looked through my clothes and decided to take everything. I will absolutely go back there, but not Kid 2 Kid.
2	I have been going here for a while now.  I would bring in clothes and then shop for stuff and use my store credit and more usually.  I went in this last week with two bags of clothing of my daughters.  Most of the clothes where in like new condition, all in excellent condition, and in season.  Usually they would have taken most of what I had brought in but this time they took only a couple items.  I also saw them turning away most of the other things that someone else was trying to bring in as well.  This may have made since if they were overstocked with these types of things.  Unfortunately, they did not have much of anything for sale in spring/summer clothing.  In fact the only thing they really seemed to have a lot of was jeans and some old ratty looking t-shirts.  While there I figured I would look at the baby furniture since 10 years after our first I am pregnant with our second.  All the furniture and strollers they had were dirty and in need of a good cleaning.  On top of which these baby items were highly over priced for being in such used condition.  I have look at many of the exact same things new and Kids To Kids prices seemed to be only about $10 less on average then the prices to go to Babies R Us or Target or Amazon.  If I am going to spend that much on something I would prefer to spend $10 more and get a new, clean one.  If they were significantly less I would be worth it to clean it up.  It is no longer worth it to shop here if they don't keep stuff in stock and don't purchase/ trade-in your items.
3	Today was my first time coming here,  very nice,  lots of items to choose from,  the store itself is crowded with things but they are moving to a bigger location in January. I was a bit disappointed in the amount I received when I sold items,  the items still had the tags on them.  I think I would've made more through a garage or yard sale. I would go back to purchase certain items. Staff very nice
1	I visited Kid to Kid Summerlin for the first time yesterday, hoping to sell and to shop. I carefully followed all of the instructions on their website for preparing the toys and clothing that I brought in. I arrived at 4:55 pm and waited in line until 5:12. At that point, the cashier told me they only buy until 5:00 and that we were too late. I drove 30 minutes to get to the store. Their website says they buy until 5:30 p.m. I've been consigning my daughter's clothes for the past year (in San Francisco) and this was the most unprofessional operation I've seen thus far. Looking around the store, there was further evidence of that lack of professionalism--many of the items in the store were downright dirty (shoes with dirt/who knows what) on the bottom) and I didn't see many name brands. As the cashier tried to explain to me some complicated schedule for selling so that I could drive 30 minutes back and forth again, to bring my bin of beautiful brand name (Gap, Ralph Lauren, Gymboree), barely worn clothes into their dirty store, I just laughed to myself. I love to buy used am still looking for a good consignment store in Las Vegas but I sure wouldn't recommend this unorganized dump.
