2	Really?  no one rents from Thrifty?  okok....  I can understand why.First off... kudo's to McCarren for centralizing all the car rental places... it's much better than it used to be... organized, simple to get to.Ok.. maybe you pay for it in price, as we had a pretty cheap rental...  but...who the heck wants a car without power door locks and windows?Even the trunk was a lock or unlock thing that needed to be done with a key.Budget might be budget, but comon.
1	Horrible. Flew in on Saturday and went to the office. After waiting 20 minutes for my turn, the rep tells me that the internet reservation was for one day instead of the two I needed. Fine, it was probably my mistake when I was booking it online. He tells me that the second day will be an additional $11 because it is an extension. WTF???? Not so fine, but I suck it up. I try to add my wife as an aditional driver and he says there's an extra charge for that. WTF???? I tell him forget it. He asks if I want the insurance scam. I decline. He asks me if I am fully covered, and I said 'yes'. So what does he do? He begins to tell me what I am responsible for. WTF???? After a minute, I tell him I understand what it means when I decline their insurance. He gives me a stare and says something under his breath. WTF???? I just wanted to get my car and get to the hotel and casinos. After I finish with the man who is unhappy with his life and job, I thought I was home free. Not so fast.After you finish with the counter, you have to go to another line to pick up your car. That line took another 20 minutes away from my Vegas life.  There was only one old (albeit, sweet) lady working this line. WTF???? She had to get out of the little office and show people to their cars. In addition, there were people bringing their keys back due to issues with their cars (air conditioning, trunk not opening)  making our wait in line even longer. WTF???? While in line, I started talking to two other customers and they had the same complaint about their customer reps. They got pushy about buying the insurance and had a hissy fit after it was declined. An hour later, I was out of there with my mid-size. WTF???? This should be Thrifty's slogan...
1	DON'T RENT A CAR HERE! This place is a rip off and should have a class action suit filed against it.  We reserved an economy car days in advance and when we went to get our car, all they had were the big gas guzzlers, so we had to take one of them. I won't even get into the bullshit we had to put up with at the counter as the clerk repeatedly tried to sell us overinflated insurance that we didn't want. We had rented the car for two days, and after the first day decided we would like to have it for another two days. Thrifty said that was fine and that sounded good to us. We dropped the car off at the end of our trip and headed to the airport. After arriving home, we checked our credit card bill on line and found out that Thrifty had charged us $361.00 for four days. Our original agreement for two days was $137.00. WTF? Weekend rates are quoted as almost half of weekday rates. Our additional days were weekend days. Not only did they not give us the weekend rate but they charged us far more than we originally agreed to. We tried to settle this on the phone with Thrifty and got nowhere. All the A-Hole on the phone would say is that we should have read the fine print. Well, F him and Thrifty Car Rentals. Don't EVER think you're going to save money by renting here. We'll now dispute the charge with our credit card company.
1	I agree with all the negative comments.  Definitely a rip-off place.  Charged extra 10$ per day because my husband did not have a credit card in his name.  They added tax on top of this.Additionally, upon return of the car, they charged us $12.00 because we did not get the receipt from the gas station.  Hello...... we filled up the gas tank!!!  They claimed that we signed this and it was verbalized at least 5x.....what does it really matter if we had the receipt or not!   WARNING - THIS PLACE IS NOTHING BUT A RIP-OFF.  They are trained to rip you off anyway they can.  Must work on commission.   SHAME ON YOU.  GIVE THIS PLACE NO STARS! Management should do something about the complaints, instead of mandating employees to gouge customers.
3	Well this place isn't the worst rental car place ever but... there were 5 people ahead of me and it took 30 minutes to get to the front of the line. The staff were courteous and professional. From there it was easy getting out and returning was pretty easy.
1	I've never been so pissed off renting a car.  Made a reservation for a mid size more than a month before the trip.  Ok got there at 10:05am, couple of customers ahead of me, fine i didn't wait for that long.  Then it's my turn, told me to wait again.  Then 4 to 5 people behind me went ahead and got their cars.  I asked the male employee what's taking so long, it's been like 35 minutes.  Then he said things like "they paid better money to get a better car, that's why they're getting the car faster.  We're still waiting for a mid size.  Well I made a reservation a long time ago so I expect you'll have a car ready for me.  If not, give me a better class car I don't care.  I seek help from a female employee and I told her we've waited 45 minutes already.  That lady didn't quite believe me and actually needed to check the stupid clock and my rental receipt, then said things like oh yea really 45 minutes already.  She was gonna give us an full size instead because that was all they have at that time.  She inquired with that male employee and that A-hole told her that "oh I don't have the keys".  No key?  He really thought we're stupid.  We were gonna complain to a manager but couldn't find one and meanwhile, he told us the car was ready.  He gave me the space number so we can locate the car and that's it.  He didn't explain anything.  Why did it take so long?  Do we need to sign anything?  Nothing.  The car was indeed, a mid size and was not even properly cleaned.  By the time we drove off the building, it was 11:05am.One thing also worth mentioning is that if you return you car early, there's a $15 penalty.  WTF??? And now they need to see your receipt from the gas station when you return the car.  Just to make sure you didn't drive too much with the needle still at "Full".  The guy saw my receipt and was like "this receipt was yesterday".  I just filled it up and returned to the hotel and drove to the airport.  What do you expect?!  God...  These people are so cocky, they just think oh what are you gonna do?  Rent from some other place at the last minute?  They just don't care about their customers.  You get what you pay for.  Pay some extra dollar and rent from other more reputable car rental companies.
1	Thrifty Car Rental is horrible, This company has the rudest most aggressive customer service reps I have ever witnessed or heard. I normally rent from enterprise and I can see why they are number one. I talked to 3 customer service reps and they all transferred me back and forth finally I talked to Nicole which refused to transfer me to a manager when I had requested it to begin with 3 times. my only request was to return the car I had rented to its origin and waive the $116.60 charge which would seem reasonable to anyone but not to these rip off artists. Also I used my american express card and they never gave me a 10% off even when I asked your rep at john wayne airport. I will never use Thrifty Car Rental  company's services again and I will tell everyone I know to stay away from your company and believe me I know a lot of people. Thrifty Car Rental  is a clear indication of what is wrong with corporate america today. Stay away from these cons.
2	I probably won't go back.  Service was ok. The car was not what was advertised.  Online we rented a charger, the sales guy pitched a impala, in actuality we got a malibu.  I hated that car.  other than that we'll see if i get the security deposit they charged me without telling me.  Thrifty kinda sucked, but then again what car renting company doesnt?
1	1 star only because of clean cars...  in an industry where Loyalty and Honesty matters in everything, this company deserved no star.. my advice..? read the fine print and never take their word for it.. dont care how nice the clerk is.. looks like they were trained to be crooks.. tell you one thing and deny later..  was quoted a price of $22/day.. only to find out im being charged $85.. called them they told me to call customer service.. i went in there and busted out.. the changed it to $50..in general, will NEVER rent there again..( sorry Alamo for ditching u guys.. my bizness is back to u..)p.s. coming from a long trip Africa - Europe - Las Vegas, perhaps the exhaustion caused my reliance on the clerk.. -first time Thrifty renter..  numerous times car renter..Red Flag: all car rentals centralised.. good.. why is that other rentals have 2-3 computer station-counters and fully staffed, and Thrifty has about 15 stations and only 2 staffs present..? mind you i went it there on 3 different occasions..
3	I've been renting from Thrifty for years now.  I absolutely love some locations and hate others.  Thrifty rental car at McCarran International Airport is right in the middle.  I usually get good deals here, but not the car I expected.On this last trip I reserved a Full Size car (Dodge Charger or equal).  I ended up with a Chevy Impala.  I look at the Impala and I think to myself "This is a full size car???  It looks like a mid size."  The website says it holds 4 suitcases.  Bullpucky!  We only fit 2.  False advertisement?The other problem I had was the mileage on the car.  54219 miles?  I thought these things were supposed to be gone by then.  Overall, Thrifty Las Vegas is decent, but not the greatest location I've rented from.  And as a word of friendly advice: check your fuel level before leaving the lot.  Apparently, these guys are notorious for not filling the gas tank which then falls on you if they don't take note of it.
5	Outstanding service.  These guys have a great system.  You sign up for their blue chip card and it means you just go up the escalator and your car is waiting -- you can be driving away in 5 minutes.When I didn't like the Malibu they had me automatically set up with, they let me take a really nice Altima from that row instead, no problem, no hassle.  The car was superb, returning it was easy and hassle-free, and the price was great -- found a deal on their web site that was much lower than the rates on Orbitz, etc.  The amount charged was exactly what had been quoted, to the penny -- no add-on or "surprise" charges.   Very satisfied, and definitely plan on renting from Thrifty again.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by their services. Friendly and helpful staff. Join the Blue Chip rewards program and skip the lines! Also, select the Wild Card option when reserving online. I did both of these and saved myself time and money. Great work Thrifty Car Rental!!
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE ON THE PLANET!! I cancelled my Blue Chip membership solely because of the Las Vegas location. A girl named Chelsea works there that has the personality of a plane crash and the customer service skills of a chimpanzee. She is a B__ch! Secondly: the lines to rent a car are always waaaayyyy ridiculous due to bad management having this location constantly understaffed. I called the main Thrifty number after my last experience in Las Vegas and cancelled my Blue Chip, even though I had two free days coming. I'm done with this s__t show that is Thrifty Las Vegas. One of the worst run rental car places I have EVER seen, and I've been all over the world.
1	Why did I not check the reviews first?!! Thrifty is the absolute WORST car rental service here in Las Vegas. Took almost an hour and 45 minutes of waiting IN LINE to get the rental car. Hardly any people working the counters and a line of people just waiting!! All the other car rental places here had people in and out quickly. Not Thrifty! That would be too easy! Do you have time to waste in line while spending a weekend in Vegas?! Want terrible service? Thrifty is for you. For the rest of us, I will never use Thrifty again!! You only make this kind of mistake once. How is this rental service even is business?! Hilarious!! Ps. After we did FINALLY get our rental car, for some reason, the car smelled like stinky feet. YOU ARE KILLIN US THRIFTY!!! Worst service, worst rental cars = winning combo! Sense my sarcasm yet?! Humor is all you can have when dealing with Thrifty. Sure it is cheaper than the rest - but trust me when I tell you your time is more valuable!!
5	Am a Blue Chip member and was pleasantly surprised by the walk up and drive away set up. The prices ( 12/ day on weekend) were incredible.The return was busier but we still managed out of there quickly. The rental car depot had amazingly well run buses. Would definitely consider renting again in Las Vegas--always easy to park and no wait for taxis.
1	well i have now been hung up on twice and i have managed to write this whole review while on hold to talk to a representative. thrifty's website makes it impossible to send in a rel complaint, they obviously don't care about customers! i called to extend my rental for a week and was told i would not be charged a fee...$55 even after telling the compant that i would be needing a rental car for all of july and part of august. if they really cared my fee for be taken care of since my rental for july and aug is huge compared to my fee
1	Worst check-in experience of my life. Reserved a cheap car for a good price using Hotwire, only to come in and find a line of twenty people waiting on two slow-as-molasses employees. The customer service here was deplorable! In addition to being painfully slow, no attempt whatsoever was made to explain, apologize, or in any way acknowledge the growing line of vocally unhappy customers. As a result, more and more people left the line and went to get cars elsewhere, cancelling their reservations for free by phone due to the situation. I was nearly at this point, but the line didn't take so long after half of the people left- however, it was still at least an hour of standing.What was most irritating about this place, was that besides putting the slowest possible employees on register, there were other employees present who did not get on and help! There were 17 computers at the counter (yes, I counted) and again, only TWO people working, despite an original line of TWENTY people. Throughout the wait, THREE other employees (two older white guys and one lady) came out from the back and helped the two register-bound employees with a problem, but only one (the lady) ever got on and helped out herself. And even then, she assisted one person, then me, before leaving to "go pick up a customer service call" in the back. I don't know if she was the manager or what, but when we asked, her explanation for the delay was that five people didn't show up. I want to note here that she gave an explanation, but not an apology, which would have been easy enough to do considering the whole situation.Also, please note that even if you reserve with Hotwire or some other service, it is not until the very end of your transaction, almost as an afterthought, that the employee mentions that there is a THREE HUNDRED AND FIFTY DOLLAR HOLD on your card for the use of the car, as a "deposit". I have never, EVER, had a deposit fee that astronomical, not even to rent an apartment. Thankfully I was able to do so on the card I'd selected, but had it been a check card I would not have been comfortable with the situation, and it was very unprofessional to try to sneak in this requirement at the last minute.Luckily the car worked just fine, and checking in was a lot faster, but the initial customer service (or lack thereof) that we received completely put me off of using this rental service again.Also, I want to note that other reviews here as well as other people in line stated that this particular counter is ALWAYS understaffed, so it seems doubtful that the "five people didn't show up" excuse is even true. Upon turning the car back in after our rental, this counter again had the longest line (though shorter this time) and still only one or two employees working. I don't understand how it's possible to be consistently short-staffed when every person in line had made reservations to pick up a car with a specific TIME AND DATE.Short version: it may be cheap, but it's not worth it. Never again! :(
1	Wish I could give a zero star rating...AHHHHHHH.We waited in line over an hour (longer than our flight to Las Vegas).  We did have our choice of cars.  There were three:  A) A hatchback B) A car with no keys 3)  A car with a chip in the Windshield.  We took the car with the chip.  We noted the chip with the attendant who seems annoyed that we bothered him. When we returned the car...the attendant noticed the chip...and gave us a damage form to fill out.  AHHHHH (again).  We filled out the form (at least he was nice).  It's been over 30 days and we haven't heard a word from Thrifty.  I emailed customer service 3 days later the response was I had to call the "damage" department.  I called.  Again a nice person explained that there was no record of a damage report filed.  Apparently Thrifty found the record of the ORIGINAL chip in the windshield.  We will never rent from Thrifty again. Be aware - very aware
1	DON"T RENT FROM THRIFTY and save yourselves the worst nightmare!I reserved and paid for a 1 day rental, full tank , FULL SIZE SUV for $270.00 - and the garage guy was giving me a Chevy Equinox-small,tiny 5 Passenger SUV and insisted that that is a full size - Whoa dude, I'm not dumb! i complained at the counter, was told they have no fullsize suv,  so he voided the charge and said the $270.00 will be reversed.  5 days later, i see the freakin $270.00 charge on my credit card!!!!  CROOKS!
4	I got the an excellent deal, then looked up on hotwire that would have given me an extra $100 off so I called Thrifty and the agent was super nice and matched the hotwire price.  So far so good.  Then I saw all the terrible reviews on yelp and got worried.When we arrived in Las Vegas I told my sister to expect long lines and bad service, but weren't we PLEASANTLY surprised.  I was served right away (they just weren't busy, only three agents, though) and Justin was super super friendly.  The car drives like a dream, but yeah, has 45,000 miles on it which seems like a lot.  We are going to be putting a lot more on it.  I'll review again when we return but the check in process was painless considering what I was expecting.
1	The actual car service was very nice, my complaint is the bill. We were told we would be upgraded 3 classes up for only $45 additional total.  We declined all other services and add ons. Then my credit card was charged an extra $145 for no reason. The customer service rep said we agreed to AAA and Trip Saver, which I know we declined. If we signed the contact to agree, they snuck that in and lied about the final price. I will NEVER rent from any Thrifty again and am refuting this charge with my bank right now. They told me there is nothing that can be done, trust me I will not settle for this. And I am not a person to complain, but this is horrible.
1	There were no lines which was good, but then I got in my car.  I reserved a mid-sized and got a Mitsubishi Galant.  That's was okay, but the car smelled of cleaning fluid, a very, very, very bad sign.  It didn't get to me until I sat waiting forever to drive the car out the check-out window.  Apparently, they haven't heard of computers and were doing everything manually.  I've rented over 100 cars and I have NEVER waited so long to get my car out of the garage.  Seriously, you know who checked out the car, check ID, check papers, let them go.  Is that SOOOOOOOOOO hard?As I started cruising the strip, the cleaning fluid got to me and I had to open the windows and fortunately, it was a nice day out.  I also noticed the car smelled like BO like some dude skipped the Vegas hotels and decided to sleep in the car for a week.  The car was old with 60K miles or something.  There were scratches all around the car and the attendants convinced me that they scanned them all and wouldn't charge me for them.  Then the speakers started acting up and screaching and I couldn't hear the music.  Conclusion.  I'll never rent with Thrifty.  I usually go with Enterprise.  They have Avis and Hertz level customer service without the premium prices.  Enterprise has never failed me and they have excellent customer service.  Budget is okay.  Dollar and Thrifty are together so I'd avoid Dollar too.
1	I made reservations for a mini van 3 months ago. I get to Thrifty at 1145 pm and they didn't have ANY cars available. Unbelievable. There were 2 customers ahead of me that got turned away and about 10 more behind me. All of us had reservations and all of us were told to catch a taxi to the hotel and come back in the morning. Never using them ever again.
1	When we first arrived to the Thrifty area at the Rental Car center there were 10-15 people in the area with only one employee helping one set of customers at the counter. It looked like my girlfriend and I were 7 or so people back in line with still only one employee out there. 5 minutes later one other came out, meanwhile his coworker was still dealing with the same set of customers as when we walked up.10 minutes into our wait, another employee came out and helped someone else out. We were now 3 or so people back. A couple minutes later two additional employees come out of the back laughing and joking with each other. See the line, and continue going over to a computer station labeled GPS return, grabbed a drawer, looked at the line (which was still around 8 different customers deep)and then proceeded back through the door. So that is 5 different employees that came out of the back while there was only one, seemingly newer, employee trying to hack through this monster line. Awful showcase of a business for me when this was my first time ever renting a car. This was also a very special trip for me because I was planning on proposing to my girlfriend and wanted everything to go smoothly. The guy who helped us out in the parking area was extremely nice, as well as the one who helped us check in but that was the only smooth part of this whole thing.When I reserved this the Southwest site said Thrifty had a desk on site at the airport. When we got there we began looking around for a Thrifty desk and saw nothing, so hopped on an obscurely labeled bus to head to a far off center. A 10 minute ride later, 45 minute counter process, 15 minute exit line, then another 15 minute drive to the hotel. Not worth my hour and half to rent a car in Las Vegas ever again. Why, when I could just hop in a taxi right off the curb and be at my location in 20 minutes?Never again Thrifty.
1	This review and ONE STAR (Because that's the lowest one can give) is based on the THRIFTY CAR RENTAL company located inside the Car Center at McCarren Car Rental Center near the Las Vegas Airport.I arrived at 940pm with a car reservation in hand and had to stand in line behind two other customers as there was only one agent on duty at the time. Mind you they share a space with Budget Rental Cars (which had 5 agents working their section).The first agent took one of the customers and after 25 minutes was STILL talking with that one customer, meanwhile the line behind me grew longer and longer. One of the agents working on the Budget side was finished and they had no more customers standing in line so he came over to help out on the Thrifty side (I guess agents are interchangeable?). He then proceeded to take an in-ordainment amount of time explaining every possible feature to the customer, and even going so far as to suggest he come back the next day to get a better rental price. While he was helping the second customer, the first agent completed her transaction (after another 10 minutes, total wait time now 35 Minutes with two people ahead of me). This agent, rather than taking the next customer as clearly there was a line of about 8 people waiting to be helped, decides to walk away to the employee area. Not even giving indication of when she would return. Finally the second agent (The Budget car one) finished with his customer (total wait time now = 45 Minutes) and as I went to approach the counter to get service, he told me to hold on a moment he would be right back, and then proceeded to walk over to the Budget counter to help another customer on that side! So here I am, waiting 45 minutes (along with my fellow car renters in line which now was at 10 people waiting) for these two agents to services two people (one each) and then both decided to walk away from the desk leaving the counter completely empty of agents to intake the customers. This was the most ludicrous thing I have ever experienced! The lack of customer service and the disregard for customer satisfaction was beyond belief. Needless to say I walked off and went to another rental company that I did NOT have a reservation at and was able to get a car for a comparable price and processed and on my way in a matter of minutes.I walked back to the Thrifty desk to find that people were still waiting in line and no agent and let them know of the other place that was offering cars at near the same rate and actually processing customers efficiently and quickly. A few of the customers took me up on my recommendation and Thrifty lost about 5 customers that day due to the lack of agent service.I will never use the Thrifty service again at that location and highly suggest that they reevaluate their agents and their process, otherwise I doubt I will be the last customer to walk away due to lack of service.
1	We were waiting in line for 1.5 hour. Only 2 clerks were working at the time but I saw a few employees walking around the back. I finally asked to see the manager. But she came out 15 min later and seemed like just woke up. She was not helpful at all. She just said that she is busy taking care of some important business in the back and this is it and there is nothing she can do about it. There was about 45 people waiting in line. What is more important than taking care of customers and customer satisfaction... I will not rent a car from Thrifty again.
1	Worst car experience I have ever had.Arrive on a Saturday night and walk up to counter.  THey are "out of cars" even though I have a reservation.  Told me to take a taxi to my hotel and come back tomorrow morning and they would deduct my cab fare from my bill. An inconvenience but stuff  happens.I call all morning the next day to make sure there were cars there but no answer.  I finally "trick" the system and talk to the 800# roadside service people who contact the rental place.  My car is ready, come on down.I get there, and 20+ people in line.  I wait nearly an hour (2 people working counter) before I get to front of line.  I am mad now and ask if I get at least a free up grade (Mid size to Full Size) and said he could take 75% off the upgrade charge.  So let me get this straight....you want me to pay more money for your horrible service...no thank you. I was told to go down stairs to pick up my car and yes, no mid size cars.  They try to put me into a compact, I argue to no avail for larger vehicle.  I decide to wait 30 minutes for mid-size to come available.I go to take the car back on last day of rental and the charge is the same as I was quoted.  I argue that I had it one less day so it should be cheaper...no, according to their rate rules, I had it for 4 days regardless of when I picked it up compared to my reservation.I am taking this to Thrifty corporate.  Absolutely, horrible service.
1	Believe the reviews. Terrible customer service. Expect to wait at least an hour to checkin.... Don't be fooled by the cheap price. Pay the extra money and rent elsewhere.
1	One Hour and Twenty Minutes!!That is how long we stood in line waiting to check in and pick up our car on Saturday, February 22, 2014!!I had reserved this car on November 15th to be picked up at 11:30am on February 22, 2014. At approximately 11:00am we arrived and saw about 12 people in line.  "This shouldn't take long."   There was ONE agent working on our line.  Behind the same counter were FOUR agents working on the DOLLAR rental line.  Needless to say, their line moved much quicker.I feel very strongly that the one agent was doing his best. At about 1 hour another agent joined the counter so now we had two agents. The agent that helped us, finally, was very nice, professional, and apologetic for the long delay. I am appalled by the amount of time it took to assist 12 people - 80 minutes divided by 12 customers = over 6 minutes each. If that is a typical time frame - then my suggestion would be to staff the counter based on the reservations.TRUST ME - if I hadn't thought I had prepaid my $70+ bill - I would have left and gone to another rental car company. I am disappointed, angry, and appalled at the level of service given to us by Thrifty Rental Car.
1	It is now 1:00am. Our flight landed at 10. We waited in line for over an hour in the check out line. They had two people working the desk and eventually added a third. "Blue chip card" holders (and apparently all their friends and family who wanted separate cars) could skip the entire line, so the people waiting in line were constantly being pushed back. Once we finally made it outside, we had to wait even longer to actually get a car because they were "out of big cars". We only needed a five-seater. The rental company knows exactly how many reservations have been made and at what corresponding flight time, so this is ridiculous and unacceptable. Three hours later we are at the hotel that was a  fifteen min drive from the airport. If I could give it negative stars, I would.
2	If, when you get to Vegas, you want to wait in line... you're in luck!!  I totally forgot how bad this place was... as I rented from them before and when I came around the bend and realized it was the same place, it was like, ughhh.  "Vegas!!!!" turned into "Eh, Vegas."  The line was bad as usual and I got there at 9:20am on a Saturday.   I can't fathom how they're that crazy in the morning when they know it's a weekend and they only staff two workers.  Management can't say, "Well, it's the weekend, c'mon, give us a break."  No, you staff more for the weekend, less for, say, a Wednesday night.Another thing clogging the lines was that there were no cars!  So many of the people in line were there from the day before, trying to get a car again.  I reserved a mid-size car and, sure enough, they were out (which you discover when you go downstairs to the pick-up area).  [Sidebar: there's a lady of theirs in the glass little hut down there who closes her windows and absolutely will not talk to anyone having questions.  I don't know what her purpose is there but just open the window and answer people's questions.  This one couple was furious, banging on the window and she wouldn't look up from whatever she was reading.]Fortunately, the lady in the lot (without me saying anything, like I was about to) gave me one of the five available mid-size SUVs (a Rav4).  However, sucks for those in line behind me... because they're clearly not getting any cars after all of that wait.I was talking to the worker in the lot and she said the issue is that they now share a fleet with some other companies and there's a lack of communication between them, where they give out more cars than they know about, or somethingAnyway... if it wasn't for that lady giving me the upgrade, I would have been livid and definitely a one star review.  But these guys need to put the customers first, manage their fleet and get more than two workers for a Saturday morning.
1	Unfortunately, all of the reviews below are accurate.  I just rented a car last night at Thrifty and it took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get through the line to the one person working at the counter.  All of the other car rental places, with the exception of Dollar (right next door), had no lines or minimal lines that were moving quickly.  There is something seriously wrong from a management perspective if you expect people to wait in line that long (longer than the actual plane ride) to get a car.  Many people left the line or went over to other car rental companies to pay more for a car just to avoid the line.  I travel to Vegas frequently and consistently have seen lines of this magnitude with Thrifty.  Unfortunately, the price of the rental car lured me in this time. Never again. I will gladly pay more for a car from another company. The line and lack of adequate service made me miss my dinner reservation with friends. I highly recommend that someone from Thrifty Corporate visit this location to whip management into shape and create a much better flow system to be respectful to customers.  Until then, I recommend that you look elsewhere to rent.
4	Wow...! Did we rent from the same place as all these one star reviews? Yes, the line was long, but isn't that expected when you are renting a car in Vegas? Other than that, things were great.Our SUV was fantastic! It handled the stop and go traffic of Las Vegas Boulevard just as well as it handled being chased down an Area 51 Gravel Road by Men in Black (Yes...True Story)! The only problem was that a rear roof light wouldn't turn off. Returning our rental after our adventure was quick and painless. Thrifty will be our preferred choice from now on.
1	I can only speak for this location but the Thrifty here sucks!! I booked through Hotwire and got the bullet on this round of russian roulette. Let me set the scene.....Friday afternoon around 4:00. We walked up and were second in line, "sweet", I thought foolishly. It took 35 minutes for the ONE person in front of us to be helped. There were two agents for the Thrifty side and the one chunky black guy in the suit was chatting it up with people for about 5 minutes out in the lobby area after escorting someone down to the car pick up area. Then he comes up and screws around on the computer for nearly 5 minutes before seeing a large breasted women with a low cut dress in the Dollar line and helping her before us (and we're a good looking couple in our late 20's not exactly hard to look at)! She literally had just walked up and was helped immediately while our line had now grown to at least 15 people. I was about to explode at this point but calmer heads prevailed and I could not be 100% sure he was a Thrifty agent since he was right by the line between the two (after we had been helped I saw him helping the person behind us so he was definitely a Thrifty agent). The older white lady with red hair helped us and was very pleasant but at this point I was not really interested in her chit chat. Soooo if getting a car in a timely manner and being helped by professional agents is not a big deal then by all means choose Thrifty! If you are a normal person and hate poor customer service and crappy management then look elsewhere. You have been warned!!
1	Awful!  Rented a Ford Escape (or similar). Had 2 to pick from.  Fine.  Picked one and went to leave.  As I drive to the check out gate, I'm told the car is under recall and I need to return it.  Why is was out I don't know.  I go back.  Pick a Nissan rogue.  As I pull out from check out, the whole car shook.  Something really wrong with the rear end.  I drive around the block to return it.  Took 10 minutes to get help.  At this point, I've lost trust In the company and want to cancel the whole thing.   The attendant tells me it is a $150 for the day!  I haven't driven a half mile!  Grrr.  Now I have to go back up stairs to talk to a manager.  I won't get into the rude women in the booth.  Up stairs is no better.  They tell me no manager is there and to wait for 15 minutes.  Wow, no wonder customer service sucks.   15 minutes later, no manager still.  I go back into line and talk to another person.  They disappear in the back office.  About 10 minutes later, they reappear.   The hidden manager never shows, but I'm told they will refund all charges.   Finally!!   I was disappointed that no one ever offered to help me or to see if they could keep my business.  Nor did the manager ever bother to come out and talk to me.  Very poor customer service.
1	Thrifty is getting a one-star review because of its customer service which, as I found out the hard way, is largely nonexistent.  Even nearly two weeks after I filled out the "How Did You Like Us" email, I haven't heard anything.First, the wait. What. This is Las Vegas. While it's true that their line and the wait were probably longer than others, it's still the Las Vegas airport and there's going to be a wait.  I'm not dinging them for that although they could have had an additional staff member or two once someone realized that a small group was taking more time than normal.The checkout process was pretty straightforward although the cost of their "insurance" was 2/3 more expensive than the cost of the rental!  Silly me. I should have checked with my auto insurance first before getting theirs. My bad.When I got the car, I went around it and took pictures of every ding, "just in case."  It wasn't needed, but you never can be too careful.My complaint comes after the checkin process.  I will admit that it was my boo-boo that started the ordeal, but it could have been handled much better.I'm a local and didn't want to drive my aging Hyundai to So. California and decided to rent a car instead. Thrifty had what seemed like the best deal, so I reserved a car online.  Because I haven't rented a car in years, I didn't realize the aggravation I'd have to go through at McCarran Airport, but that's another rant.When I returned the car, I first stopped at long-term economy parking to drop off my belongings in my car.  I didn't drop off my duffle that held several bottles of wine because the temps were over 100 and I knew that would be bad for the wine. I knew that I'd have to take two shuttles to get back to the car and who knew how long that would take!I got back to the rental area and turned in my car with no issues.  Understand that my duffle has no wheels, and I had several bottles of wine in it.  When I got off of the first shuttle and started across the airport to the other shuttle I'd have to take, I started to get pretty tired!  So I stopped, sat down, and pretended to look for my car keys. Oh oh. No keys.  I called the 800 number on the back of the rental agreement and after several menus, I finally got a live person (pressing 0 can cure just about any menu issue) and asked if there was a way that I could get in contact with the desk here to hold the car I had just dropped off because I think I'd left my keys inside.  She cheerfully gave me the number for Lost and Found.  It was full of pre-recorded menus, so not helpful at all.I called the customer service number (another 800 number), but they were closed. I called the original number again, and talked to a young woman who, when hearing my story, asked, "Did you check our website?"  Maybe she didn't hear the part about my sitting in the middle of an airport."I'M IN MCCARRAN AIRPORT IN VEGAS," I said firmly. "I just dropped off the car 20 minutes ago. I only want someone to hold the keys because it's going to take a long time to get back.""Yes, but if you check the website..." I realized that stupidity has no brain cells.I started the long and tiring trip back to the car rental building, and stopped at the Thrifty counter which miraculously had no line. The young lady wrote down all of the information I'd need to find the car with my keys, and I headed to the rental area. "Show this to one of the guys in the orange vest," she'd told me. The Orange Vest (OV) guy took the info from the slip and away he went.  About 45 minutes later, I asked him if they'd found anything.  "Well, if it's more than 20 minutes after turn in," he said huffily, "it may take a while."  I bit my tongue rather than yell that it would have been about 20 minutes if someone with an IQ had answered the phone line in the first place.To make an already long story short, after about three hours downstairs in the garage waiting, questioning, fuming, and Facebooking, I finally gave up and decided to rent a car from ANYBODY ELSE and headed upstairs. While I was trying to decide which company to rent from for one day, a guy from Hertz who'd heard my story found my keys on a lockbox where they'd been placed because the ONE guy with the ONE key was not in. No one from Thrifty even bothered to look.  The upshot is that because of that, I spent more time waiting for someone to give me information about my keys than it took me to drive from California.  I arrived at 4:30 and didn't leave the airport until nearly 9:00 pm. If they'd had a decent Customer Service line or if someone had taken the time to expend effort, this could have easily been a four-star review. Not five because of the insurance costs and their having insufficient staff during a busy checkout time.Go anywhere else. I'm going back to Enterprise when I rent my next car in two weeks. No more Thrifty. Ever.
1	I landed in vegas late on a Thursday night and found the line from hell at the Thrifty rental counter.  I had two birthdays waiting to be served.  I would rather pay more money and go somewhere else than stand in a line as long as I did.  Honestly, it took and hour and twenty minutes to helped.
1	I am sure the cars are the same at any rental agency, however what makes a difference is customer service. We booked online, because of the low price, but when we arrived the woman was very determined to upsell us on a bigger car, prepaid gas, and insurance. When we declined she was very agressively yelling at us. We are calm people, so we just told her to cancel the reservation right then and there. We walked around and found Advantage which was more money but the lady didnt have an anger issue.
