4	What an amazing, one of a kind (thus far for Pittsburgh), vibrant place.Stopped in here during our St. Paddy's Day excursion.  My expectations were low when we were traversing the stairs to the roof, but as soon as we got through the door to the roof, I was impressed.  Talk about space, this place definitely has got the space.  Even for it being packed for the festivities of the day, it was easy to maneuver in here.  Normally, from what the website said, there is a pool in the middle of the area, but for the nighttime the floor is covered over and people are able to dance the night away.  There are cabanas that line both sides of the pool area and seating along the one side.  A bar then lines the last side of the pool area.  Watch your step her as well, there are stairs that lead from the bar area to the deck area proper.  And talk about a vantage point to see the city's skyline from the South Side.  Totally worth paying a cover here.Points to note here:  check the website, hours may be listed here, but you need to see how the hours are divided up; prices are dependent on the hours that you choose to attend, I believe daytime hours are more due to being able to use the pool area; memberships are available and limited; parking...well, it's the South Side; only open three days a week; finally, it is kind of connected to Diesel.
3	The skybar itself did not wow me, but I guess it's cool that it's different than the usual bars/clubs in Southside.  The place was small and can get kinda steamy if crowded.  Maybe it's better during the warmer season.  It was colder when my friends and I went, so it was covered.The pre-made frozen drinks at skybar weren't that great according to my friends.  One had the pina colada, which she said didn't taste anything like pina colada.  Tasted like frozen nasty alcohol.  My other friend had the strawberry daiquiri, which she ended up returning to the bar after 2 sips.  The bartender was nice enough to change it to a better tasting drink that's on the rocks instead of being frozen.  I don't really know whether to recommend this place to a friend, I guess I will if it's their first time.  Otherwise, I probably won't go up to skybar.  Also, they charge an $8 cover.Anyway, we couldn't hear the music, so we decided to go down to Diesel after about 10-15 mins at skybar.  Diesel had more people and definitely more fun than skybar.
5	Fan-frigging-tastic place!Came here for my birthday with a bunch of friends and got a cabana and bottle service.  This place is essentially a rooftop patio/bar that sits on top of Diesel - kind of like the 3rd floor. They are both interconnected. So you end up getting the best of both worlds. Great music. World class dance club a floor below. And a place to chill a bit if you need to. Great views, loved the fact that it had a pool (covered up at night with a clear acrylic cover that you can walk on. Attentive service and reasonable bottle and drink prices. I will be back!
3	Had pretty high hopes for this place - it sounded very cool from photographs and some other reviews. We were disappointed - you could barely hear the music on the dance floor out in the rooftop area. When we asked to turn it up, we were told that Skybar does not have their own DJ, and the music is coming from Diesel. The place itself is very nice, with modern decor and views over Carson St and downtown. However, there is no place to sit, unless you are ready to shell out $300-500 for a cabana. The $10 cover charge does allow you to go to Diesel though, which is connected to Skybar. I would come back if they had their own DJ
1	My family and I were visiting Pittsburgh for a family reunion and decided to go out to the Skybar. I had two cousins with me (one male and one female); we were all dressed appropriately to enjoy an evening out: nice pants and tops and our male cousin had on a nice polo with a pair of white pants and matching boat shoes. Upon showing our id's to the bouncers, my male cousin was denied entry into the bar because the bouncers claimed his white pants were a violation of their dress code. They told us that management would not allow people into the bar with colored pants (i.e. red, green, blue, and apparently white). Meanwhile,  plenty of people were waltzing in with torn up shorts and sneakers on, but the white pants would not be tolerated. I was very frustrated with the bouncers and explained that we were from out of town and were meeting up with other family members there. With little sympathy, they still told us he would not be allowed in. I was in the process of asking to speak to the manager, when my cousin opted we leave and go spend our money elsewhere. As visitors who have never been out in Pittsburgh before, the Skybar was an extreme disappointment and overall turn off. When expressing our frustrations to bouncers at the other bars we were informed that the Skybar constantly changes their policies and has an inconsistent dress code depending who they feel like allowing in. As African Americans, we felt very discriminated against and will NEVER return to the Skybar.
1	Pros: noneCons: Gave away our cabana           Did not let a friend of mine in (even though he was dressed more than appropriate)           Drinks sucked!!!!!           Would not recommend to anyone of color guaranteed half of who your with are not getting in.
2	place looks really nice but its overpriced with mediocre service. Totally not fun when it gets too crowded to move. Also, they were pretty rude to me and my fiance when we were trying to go back and look for his lost debit card the next day.
5	The best place in Southside for sure ! First they have a pool on the roof !! Second and most important the drinks and awesome and the staff are so friendly ! They found out it was birthday and they gave a bottle champagne :) you get more of a laid back feel compared to Diesel but the best part is you can go to both bars because skybar is above diesel and since diesel gets crowded a little it's nice to have a place to go and enjoy the view of the city ! The security is a little strict my friend forgot her ID at my house and we had to go 15 mins back to my house to get it but he gave us a free drink for the hassle! This is the kind of place where me and my girlfriends can go and feel safe . Just DONT forget your ID lol
1	Awful service, overpriced, and a terrible DJ. He was so rude when we made a request. Totally ruined the night. He also kept playing the same songs. We were there for 2 hours and heard a lot of repeats. There was a nice crowd there, at least. The waitress we had for our table disappeared after 20 minutes and we had to keep running to the bar for drinks. We paid for bottle service so I don't think we should have had to do that. I will not be back.
