3	This is only getting 3 stars because it is in an airport.  We all know the bar is lower in a terminal than even in a strip mall, right?(By the way, this is in Terminal 4, near the D1-D8 gates.)They serve a portabello sandwich which is almost instantly forgettable - the "roasted" veggies taste more like they were sauteed to death - the mushrooms shrivelled and pathetic, the onions gasping for breath in a sea of vinaigrette.  But, hey!  A mushroom sandwich in the airport?!  For lazy vegetarians like me, it beats the heck out of getting a BK Veggie, or sneaking a homemade meal through security in your underwear.The fries brought the meal up a notch - they tasted fresh, not re-heated, and were lightly seasoned.Prices are infalted - but, again, airport.
3	I decided to go with something semi light so I went with the club sandwich: Sourdough bread with bacon, turkey, avocado and some other stuff  It was pretty good the fries that came with my sandwich were just right.. soft but very crunchy . My meal was good but  it gets 3 stars  from me because they don't have a very good selection on the menu. It does have a nice little patio in front looking out towards the various gates so you'll never miss your flight unless you are inside the bar watching a game. it's a Cool place to sit while u wait for your flight. :)
2	i feel kind of bad giving this joint a 2.star review because the service is actually really good.  i would give the service at least four stars, but the food isn't all that.  i don't like how all the food is served on disposable (environmentally unfriendly) plates with similarly environmentally unfriendly plastic utensils.  yeah, i don't like that.  the food itself is totally just so.so and has typically inflated aeroport prices.  the service is pretty nice though.  our cheerful and "flamboyant" waiter found a high chair for my son, and we appreciated that, especially since many of the other aeroport eateries don't have high chairs.  it's nice to see that, even though arizona is a racist state, there's at least enough openness that i'll see a not.necessarily.straight, chicano/latino working at a sports bar.  i mean, that's the norm where i'm from out here in the san francisco bay area; but... i know things can be different in arizona.my wife ordered a crab louie salad.  it actually first arrived without any crab, but our waiter was cool about it and got the kitchen to fix that.  well, they weren't super generous with the crab, but it was definitely there.  my pulled pork sandwich was just so.so.
1	People watching in Phoenix airport after getting up at 3:00am and driving to the airport. Classic breakfast should be skipped. Toast dry. Potatoes cold. Serviced sucks.
1	Poor service, worse food. One star because the beer was cold.
3	Stopped here to grab a bite before my return flight to Vegas.  After browsing the menu for a minute, I decided on the Chicken Philly Sandwich w/Fries and a Blue Moon.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/B1jlDEUrVyPgR4vOMnaiKQ?select=q-ml8IWsnNgvx1CeL1SKGwThe Sandwich came out in a decent amount of time....If I was in a hurry to catch a flight, I would have made it, but I was in no hurry, so I was able to enjoy my food without rushing.  The Chicken had a nice flavor to it, but it was a bit dry for my tastes.  The proportion of Peppers/Onions/Mushrooms/Cheese was appropriate and the flavors complimented each other well.The Fries were excellent.  Cooked just right, they weren't soggy  but slightly crispy, which is how I like it.Overall, it wasn't a bad meal for an Airport joint.  It is a 3.5 Star place rounded down.Return Factor - 65%
2	I happened on this place because it was next to EL Brava, a Mexican place recommended by the USAirways in flight magazine as a place to try in an airport. Getting to ElBrava we found it was a fast food stand with very little seating so this is next door. The menu was pretty limited. Service actually wasn't bad but, even though it wasn't busy, we waited a long, long time for our meal to get there.... something you don't expect in an airport. When the food got there it ok. I had a burger that was pricey and non memorable. Next time I'll go to El Brava and pass by the 12th!
2	Most boring club sandwich I've ever had the privilege to consume. It was constructed of cold cuts, and pieces of iceberg lettuce and bacon so small that it took some skill to keep them INSIDE the sandwich as I was eating it. The waiter's unkempt, rather greasy appearance made me wonder about the cleanliness of the food preparation. Next time I'll go to Fox Sports Grill.
1	Wow. Sad and dismal letdown both in food and in service.I was on a hop out to LA and had a bit of time to kill.Food was a great idea as the stomach was empty and my reserve light was on. That could only mean i had a one hr max to find fuel or shut the engine down.Enter... the 12th fairway. Wow... it looked good from the outside.Had a golf feel to it. Sure, why not... thought the man who was desperate.Well, I should have focused on the NOT and I do heavily emphasize the WHY!The sandwich was dismal and service even worse. Never have i had a burger that limp, downtrodden or beaten up. The onion rings were more like overcooked batter. Next time, i'm shutting down the motor faced with the same choice of hunger pangs or 12th fairway. Now i know why they invented Snickers.
2	The service was actually pretty good, but the food was just awful. The prices are reasonable considering its in an airport. I ordered some burger with bacon, and it was the most disgusting thing I have eaten in a long, long time. The bacon was this weird, tasteless, odorless strip of cardboard, and the patty looked like something that had been sitting in 7/11 for 2 weeks. Probably won't go try it again next time I'm in Phoenix.
2	Bottom line: ACCEPTABLE - stop here if you're on business and need an outlet.Pros:-Quite a few seats with access to outlets-Good serviceCons:-Does not taste good; chicken was rubbery (I know it is airport food...still expected something slightly better)-No value, quality not nearly justified by price
1	Came in to get a drink and a snack while on a hour and a half layover.  I ordered a grey goose salty dog and a crab cake appetizer.  When my drink came it was a perfect drink; cold, tasty, well mixed and rather large.  Man, I thought I was at the right place.  When my crabcake came out it was a sandwich not the appetizer i had ordered.  I thought, oh well, have another drink and make do.  I ordered another drink and ate the crabcake.  The crabcake was nothing exceptional after all it was airport bar food.  I drank my second drink and asked for the bill.  When my waitress presented the bill it was $47 for 2 called drinks and a crabcake.  Wait a second...$47...even at airport prices this seemed over the top.  I looked at the bill again and those tasty and large Salty Dogs were actually billed as doubles $17 a piece.  I never asked for a double nor did she say anything about a double but, she sure stuck me on my bill for doubles.  As my flight was soon to be boarding I had no time to dispute the bill.  I paid the freight and reminded myself to not step foot in this establishment again.
1	28 bucks for 2 beers and 2 cokes.  The food looked so bad, I didn't even attempt it.
2	Airport bars are never really great and usually leaving me wanting for more.  This place is just a notch below that.  Beer selection is lacking and food wasn't appetizing.
3	I would like to know what veggie option Ben H. is talking about. Because there were NONE here when I went.This section of the airport had nothing really to provide, but I wanted beer. So hey ok I go inside and get a 20 oz Blue moon to forget my NYE travels. For it being NYE, all the waiters/waitresses were SO nice! It sucks working on this day, but they made my travel so much better. I ordered fries and they were really good! Salt and Pepper seasoning and they were crispy and abundant. Expect airport prices, but I've had worse. This place is acceptable if you have to wait for a connecting flight.
1	Service is friendly, but the food is terrible and overpriced. I've been using yelp for at least a year now, and this place was so bad it inspired me to write my first review.
1	On the way to LA I stopped in on my layover.  I had a $12.95 plate of nachos with grilled chicken, which consisted of a large pile of nacho chips with a tablespoon of cheese and a tablespoon of chicken thrown on top.   What a ripoff.  The bartender was at least a nice guy who kept filling up my Diet Coke.On the way back from LA through Phoenix, I stopped in again as it was close to my gate.  I ordered a $6.95 bowl of chili - the bowl, not the cup - thinking they couldn't mess up chili.   When the bartender brought out the tiny little bowl, I was sure he'd made a mistake - surely that was the cup, not the bowl?  Alas, it was indeed the bowl.  The bartender, who I am pretty sure has grown tired of apologizing for the tiny bowls, didn't say a word.  But he did keep that Diet Coke cup filled very reliably.The chili wasn't bad, but it was way, way too small a portion to be priced as and called a bowl.    I walked out sloshing full of Diet Coke and still quite hungry.  On the way to the plane I bought $14 worth of yogurt and fruit, which I hungrily devoured.   I'd love to see the cup, at least if the cup is large enough to be seen with the naked eye.  Who's running this place, Ebenezer Scrooge?   I'll remember next time to steer wide of this place.
1	Wow this is the only food place left on the D concorse the only reason I am here again. Of all the options that were here the very worst and worst by a huge margin is the only one to remain. Please some one open something anything! Bad food bad service and high prices what more can a person ask for
1	I wish I could review the cold food stand attached to this restaurant separately because I want to tell any and all persons who think to stop by for quick sandwich to stay far, far, away from the tuna. I thought nothing was worse than slowly starving on my flight back home, but I found it in the form of this cold, barely-recognizable-as-food sandwich. I think I'd prefer eating tuna out of the can over this.
1	Fairway bar and grill except there is no grill just cold cut sandwiches and $8.19 draft beer. But the beer was my fault because the price isn't on the menu and I didn't ask.
