4	a tasty and quick lunch in this new "modern italian cafe". they have plenty to cater to the vegetarians. the waitress even checked the ingredients of their gelato mix to ensure there were no animal products involved.i had the amore sandwich, cold on ciabatta bread with artichoke hearts, olive tapenade, roasted red peppers, tomatoes, basil, and goat cheese. yummers.the gelato was also very good, but this only being the second time in my life trying it; it didn't beat the first gelato taste-test (only one week prior).
3	Go here for the amazing pizza. So yummy. The decor is fun, and the service was friendly. They have a few tables outside, and it's in a nice corner of Middlteton. The gelato, however WAS lackluster...just go down the block to Hubbard Avenue Diner for some pie!
4	We just made our first visit to this year old spot in Middleton, after a great recommendation from friends, and while mourning the loss of Casa Bianca, Madison's closest approximation of NY-style pizza. Madison is not a great pizza town --local Wisconsin cheese lacks the tang of Boston's Regina's or the great New Haven apizza spots, and the corporate Uno's lacks the distinctive pizazz of the Chicago original (we prefer Due's) and its best Chicago competitors (e.g., Lou Malnati's). Given all that, Villa Dolce was a very pleasant surprise. Crusts were excellent, and the imaginative toppings (we are veggie types on our pizza choices) were exceptionally fresh and tasty. In our view, Villa Dolce is a strong competitor for best (upscale) pizza in Madison. We'll make a few more visits before coming to a final decision on that...The gelato we sampled was superb--intense, delicious and distinctive taste and excellent consistency. I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about.We strongly disagree with another reviewer's comment on service. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic without being overly intrusive. Her recommendations were on the mark, and she suggested favorites we might try on future visits.The seating and environment were comfortable and very pleasant, with seasonal outdoor seating as well. More cafe -like than other pizza places in town.All in all, a winner. We'll reserve a fifth star pending additional visits.
3	Was invited to attend lunch here with a colleague today. I had driven, walked, and /or run past here on several occasions without fully appreciating what type of restaurant it was/is.Immediate impression was one of a small, California cafe with an Italian influence. The menu is small but capable; four or five interesting salads, a few pasta offerings, sandwiches and paninis, pizza, and a daily special. Today's special was a Stromboli that looked and sounded wonderful, but I opted for the Waldorf salad.The salad was fresh, light, and perfectly proportioned. It came with a delightful garlic-flavored breadstick that was wonderfully soft and chewy.  The salad featured four slices of grilled chicken breast, apple slices, grapes, walnuts, and some great cheese. I'd definitely order this again.My colleague ordered the tortellini, which looked amazing. It appeared to feature a variety of pasta flavors- I spotted spinach and tomato for certain.Service was attentive and helpful; drinks were promptly refilled and the tables were quickly cleared.  All in all a good experience.Didn't try the gelato; I'd give this place 3.5 - 3.75 stars. Not quite four star material because the food was/is simple; maybe after trying the pizza I'll bump it up a notch.Go here for a good lunch; weather permitting, sit outside because any meal tastes better when enjoyed outdoors on a beautiful day.
4	Had a girls-day-out that started with lunch at Villa Dolce. It was the perfect place to sit back and chat while noshing on great food. I tried the eggplant pizza, and she went for the farfalle pasta. My pizza was incredible. The crust here is perfect. it's that authentic chewy, elastic yet crunchy crust. The combo of the eggplant and ricotta was great. I was surprised and somewhat ashamed that I ate my whole pizza--even the lunch size was quite filling. She felt the same about the pasta. It looked creamy and delicious, with chicken and veggies in a lemony cheese sauce.I just love the decor, it's fun and bright in that new-retro way(okayyy, it's trendy enough to make it bad, but I like it!)As I said in my last review, though...skip the gelato. Although, they did have a few other desserts that looked nice.
4	I just had lunch there today and it was so tasty!  I had the villa panini  which had salami, cappicola ham, brie cheese, mozzarella, dijon mayo, and roasted red peppers.  So tasty!  I also ordered the chocolate explosion and what an awesome dessert!  Chocolate cake with cheesecake pieces.  mmmmm!
1	I would give this place 0 stars out of 5. My wife and I went here a few nights ago. The place was not busy and we were seated immediately. During the first 10 minutes of our wait, not one person stopped at our table; no water, no drink order, not even a menu. After 15 minutes and no service we got up and walked out. One of the staff actually said thank you as we walked by the front counter. Thanks for nothing. We then proceeded to Tutta Pasta several blocks away where we had drinks, salads and pizza all within 10-15 minutes. The service at Villa Dolce was inexcusable. Had a waiter even stopped by to take our drink order or bring some water I would have been satisfied. Two thumbs way down on this poor exude for a restaurant.
3	I wasn't sure what to expect when we entered here. What look were they going for here? You enter, and it looks like a gawdy ice cream parlor, but then as you walk past that, you get to the dining area.The server was pleasant, and the order seemed to arrive promptly enough. My butternut squash ravioli was delicious. This is a nice place to try if you're in the area, but don't go out of your way.
5	This is for sure one of my favorite restaurants in the Madison area. I really can't believe the negative comments on the staff and service - everytime I have went (~30+ times!) the staff has been super friendly - many of them recognizing us and commenting so. Service is always excellent. The couple that stopped by and didn't get served for 10 minutes - definitely a fluke mistake. And no clue how anyone could describe the entryway as a gawdy ice cream parlor. Ridiculous. We've hung out there many times eating dessert, drinking wine, and enjoying gelato. They've also just redone their outdoor seating area. Several times we've walked there with our dogs, and enjoyed an excellent meal outside.We often pop in just for the gelato, which is excellent. Authentic flavors like pistachio (which the hubby gets every single time, cuz it reminds him of our vacay in Italy) and donatella (super rich chocolate - my fav, usually in combo with a fruit flavored one). Occasionally they'll mix in an Americanized flavor like oreo. Other desserts are really good as well, though we usually stick with the gelato because it is soooo yummy. The pizza is fantastic. I have no qualms about saying that it is the best in Madison. A previous reviewer described the crust exactly as I would so here it is again: The crust here is perfect. it's that authentic chewy, elastic yet crunchy crust. The hubs is a meat eater, I am not, so we usually are at odds when sharing a pizza. Not so here. The Margherita every time. Soooo good. When we have gone with other peeps, we have also partaken of several other of their pizzas, which have all been delicious. My fav is the Misto.Last time we were there, we shared the arugula and spinach salad which was really amazingly good! A must try, for sure. The balsamic marinated onions went so well on the salad! We've had them before on the antipasto tray (another winner, by the way!).This is not your typical Americanized fast food restaurant. This is a cool, authentic Italian place. Simple, delicious food. Friendly, laid back staff. If you want deep dish pepperoni za, and cookie dough ice cream with candy in it, by all means, please stay far away from my favorite local joint.
3	A cute little gellato (Italian ice cream) and pizza parlor with interesting pizza toppings and lots of creative gellato flavors. Service is friendly but can be pretty slow, so don't come here if you're in a rush.We sat at the outdoor tables on a beautiful evening. Our kids had a couple Italian sodas, we shared the wild mushroom flatbread appetizer (delicious) and a shrimp and goat cheese pizza -- all very good.
4	I'm a big-time foodie and very active on yelp and I CANNOT BELIEVE this place only gets 3 stars.I grew up in Madison and IMO, this is one of the only decent restaurants on the West Side.  It's THE restaurant I most look forward to when I come home, and THE Madison restaurant I wish would start a location in Boston, where I live.The pizzas are awesome.   The pear-gorgonzola one is to die for, get it.  The salads are the best I've EVER had outside of a $30-entree type establishment.  Their Waldorf is the best apple/chicken type salad I've ever had, and their Apolonia (Greekish with marinated red peppers, olives, feta, caramelized onion) is amazing.The Tagliatelle Bolognese is good but their Wild Mushroom Ravioli is to DIE for.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I haven't been that impressed with a few of their sandwiches, or their desserts (other than the Tiramisu, which is great).  Not bad, but not mind-blowing.  Don't get the sandwich with smoked salmon.  It sounds so good but the flavor combo is just off... I couldn't finish mine.Still, if you order right this is the best place on the West side of Madison.  Give it a chance, you'll love it.
5	Visited Villa Dolce for a friend's birthday.  We had a group of approximately 20 people, and they were very accommodating and had a back room set aside for us.  The place is very intimate, with a variety of smaller dining areas, so it never feels over crowded.  Pizza and pasta were both excellent.  The pizza is a semi-thin chewy crust and the amount of cheese and toppings they use is just-right, not overkill as it is with some other pizza places.  Service was excellent, and our server allowed us to split the checks since some were leaving earlier than others.  Great place, and I would recommend it to others without hesitation.
4	I love this place. The pizzas are great - I particularly love their arugula pie. Very good wine list for a small place and the servers are friendly. I have never had a bad meal there. Lastly, the desserts are very good as well.
2	Flatbread appetizer was good but that turned out to be the highlight of the meal. The ravioli in brown butter sauce was served in a pool of brown water because the pasta was not properly drained. Further, the angel hair with "Ahi" Tuna was an embarrassment and should never have been served. The pasta was in a one piece clump and the Tuna was 80% blood line, it was clearly not Ahi grade Tuna and when I pointed out the waitress she said "sorry, I don't know anything about fish". If you decide to eat here, I would advise you to stick with the pizza, the rest is far less then mediocre.
5	This place was quaint and edgy!  The food was VERY good!
4	A nice addition to the pizza scene in Madison. Even though it was crazy busy, the service was prompt and our pizza arrived in no time. If you like gourmet pizza, you should definitely check it out!
4	I'm a big fan of pizza + I'm a big fan of dessert = I'm a big fan of Villa Dolce. This is my favorite cafe in the Madison area. It's got pretty neat decor and an alluring color scheme.My favorite time to go to Villa Dolce is during lunch, where they serve the "pizzette", your own personal pizza with a very enticing price tag. I really dig the roma and the white cheese pizzettes. I'm also very happy with their stromboli of the day specials. Their regular pizzas are also quite tasty with a good variety of selections. But what I look forward to the most at Villa Dolce is after my pizza consumption. Amazing dessert!! Their gelato is okay, but the tiramisu, chocolate mousse, and nutella crepes are to die for!Please do yourself a favor and check out Villa Dolce.
1	Out for another week of new restaurants for Madison's Restaurant Week. Truly, I had hoped that this experience would have been far better. Very little was up to par, especially for a higher price locale like this.So let down that I'm not fully sure where to begin, so I'll just go through each aspect.SERVICE (0 of 5): It started out well. But during the 15+ minute wait between our appetizers and our food, things went downhill fast.  My girlfriend's soda was empty long before the main dish arrived, yet the server didn't offer any refills of it until after the dessert had came.  When the dessert did come, we were only halfway through our entree, leaving the desserts to sit at our table for 10 minutes, rushing us.  When we finally started on our desserts, the server came back to refill our waters. Without warning, she just reached over my girlfriend's plate and grabbed her glass while she was eating. In addition, our server's lack of attentiveness prevented us from trying to rectify many of the issues that we had.FOOD (1 of 5): The Salmon Mousse and Butternut Squash soup were both incredibly good.  With a decent selection of wine, things started off very good. It made the lengthy wait between the appetizer and the entree more bearable.  However, when the main dish came (we both had the grilled Wild Salmon), things changed dramatically.  It was served with rice and asparagus, both completely cold, and then the salmon with a nice hollandaise sauce.  My salmon was also only half cooked, medium-rare by fish standards. For dessert, we had a Black Forest Crepe and a Flour-less Chocolate Torte. Both were very good. Though, after staring at them for ten minutes and having just had such a poor main course, their splendor was much less than I would have believed them to be.MANAGEMENT (0 of 5): As our server was not attentive and could not simply just leave this, I found the MOD after our meal.  I explained the poor service, including the desserts being brought extremely early, and how our food was cold and not fully cooked.  Her response was a simple, "Thanks for telling me."  Now, I had already paid, resolved to not go back, and as such, didn't seek anything free or a discount.  But I have to say, after working in food service for over 13 years, I was in awe that she did not even try to resolve the issue. Nothing so much as offering an apology.  That lack of customer service speaks volumes for the place as a whole. For if the leaders are not concerned with customer satisfaction, why should the rest of the staff be?Overall, if you're just looking for a quick dessert, this could be great.  But any place that doesn't put the customer first is not a place that will inspire you to return. I know I won't be.
4	Casual and tasty, Villa Dolce wins big with me for their Euro-style pizza. The service is quick and friendly, although expect to wait a bit on the busy nights. Location is important as well, so calling in advance to get  one of the better tables is suggested also. They also have outside seating during the summer...
5	Went for a birthday dinner with my family. Great atmosphere, casual and intimate. Wonderful appetizers (love the wild mushroom flatbread, great pizzas and dessert too good to miss. This was our first time here, but we WILL be back. The service was attentive, but not overly so. And the bill left a smile on my husband's face.
3	For a summer out door siting experience I give it 5 stars.  But the food is ok for the price, but if you're bringing NYC pizza prices to WI you better bring some serious pizza.  The one we had was ok, not terrible but not brilliant.  I'm sure the ingredients are fine but it just didn't blow our socks off.  I thought these were going to be a bit thinner crust as they are billed as "euro" style pizza's.  They are a cross between New York style and something with fun toppings.  If I want a thin crust pizza in the future and don't really care about sitting outside I'll look at Pizza Bruta first.  We also had the Caprese Salad which was ok.  To make a really good caprese salad you need three things.  A really fresh tomato, really fresh mozzarella and basil.  The tomato was clearly not fresh (probably from CA or Mexico) and it affected the taste.  The gelato we had was pretty good and we will probably come back to get gelato and walk around Middleton or sit outside and people watch.  Overall I wanted to love this place more than I did.  Pizza just ok, caprese was not with a ripe tomato (its late June, there are fresh and ripe tomatoes to be had) and the gelato was pretty good.  Loved the outdoor seating, waitress was just ok.  We will be back, but we're not running back.
5	This little place was a very nice lunch stop... Will visit there again...
3	9/10/13 My wife and I stopped in at Villa Dolce for a drink.  We had no idea they had been in business for 7 years.  We initially sat at their cozy bar, but had to switch to their window seats because they had these really bright string lights blinding us.  We mentioned it to the bartender, but she didn't seem to understand the constructive criticism.  That said we enjoyed our drinks.  My wife had a negroni the size of a small pool.  I had a mixed berry gin lemonade (fresh blueberries & raspberries).  Why haven't I been making these at home?!?!  ;-)The pizzas, salads, and desserts being served looked delicious.
3	It's ok. I wish there was better in Middleton.Don't get me wrong, the staff is super sweet, there's plenty of space to sprawl out for an afternoon work session or lunch with the ladies... I just abhor the interior. Not only does it feel like a cheap Vegas lounge (like REALLY cheap) but it's usually really dirty. The windows need some deep cleaning, floors too, then maybe I'd post up more often. The gelato is nice, would be nicer if they made it all in house.
3	We visited Villa Dolce for a late-ish Friday dinner. I was somewhat surprised by how spacious the interior was from the look of the exterior. Our seating was a little strange with deep, wide, low chairs, which were comfortable but made for somewhat awkward eating for this short lady. The wine and drink selection was decent. The antipasto platter was heartier than expected, so we ended up with plenty of leftovers from the pizza we ordered, which was fairly good, though it seemed somewhat more expensive than similar pies elsewhere for equivalent quality.
2	Why would one choose to dine in Middleton at Villa Dolce instead of venturing in to Madison?  A Badger home game is the reason we did so...and what a mistake. Made reservations at 7 pm and due to traffic, we arrived at 7:06 and was promptly scolded by the hostess/owner that we were "lucky" that we arrived when we did because she was just about to give our table away...well, thank you for the lovely greeting to your restaurant!  Even more ironic, the four of us were then crammed into a small table in the corner only to wait 20 minutes to get a greeting, menus and water! Appetizers were okay, pizza was meh, but the gelato was the best part of the meal...so, if you want to spend $150+ (w/two bottles of wine) for some good gelato, so-so food and standoffish service, then go to Villa Dolce.  If you are looking for excellent Italian food, great service and a warm welcome, go to Vin Santo in Middleton or take the short trip to Madison and go to Greenbush or Osteria Papavero.  Will never go back to Villa Dolce because of the bad management and below average food.
3	It's been 4+ years since my last review of the place; I met friends here for dinner on Saturday night (11/2/13). Notes:+ Full bar menu with decent selection of spirits- Upcharge for asking for drink(s) with rocks. Additional $2 for ice in spirits+ Service was excellent and prompt throughout the night+ Staff was very friendly and accommodating, from front of house to server(s)+ My friend was able to order something that wasn't on the menu; he wanted a simple spaghetti with red sauce, which they happily made and he reported as excellent- They charged him $19 for it. Seriously? $19 for spaghetti????+ Chicken salad was flavorful; lettuce & veggies fresh and crisp- Very small amount of chicken - maybe 3-ounces- Salad was $13+ Pizza was good; Thai Chicken- Pizza was small and expensiveSeeing a theme here? This place charges as though it was much better than it actually is. Yes, it's decent, but it's not as spectacular as the prices would suggest. The bill for our table of 4, with just one round of drinks was $110, without tip. I struggle with that...
5	I have never been disappointed here.  I schedule a lot of work lunches because it's a great, consistent place with friendly staff.  I've never had dinner, but lunch is always outstanding.  The waldorf salad is my favorite.
4	Friends and I ate here tonight and we thoroughly enjoyed our food.  I knocked it down a star for "meh" service.We all ordered a variety of foods and cocktails and we enjoyed everything we had.  One had the black raspberry bellini, one had the Urbanpolitan, and one had the Pama Margarita.  We all really enjoyed our drinks.  We had the calamari and cheese plates for appetizers, mushroom ravioli, squash ravioli, and mac and cheese for dinner.  OMG, I wanted to lick my plate with the mushroom ravioli.  It had so much flavor and was perfectly cooked.  My friend who ordered the squash ravioli doesn't like even like squash (what gives with ordering this, then), but she loved this pasta.  She cleaned her plate it was so good.  My other friend loved her mac with four cheeses, although the cheese mixture was a little too pungent for my liking.  Each meal came with a homemade roll, which was amazing.  We also ordered a Margherita pizza to go, and that was very good, too.  Would definitely return.  Only reason for four stars is that service was slow.  Took 15 minutes on average to receive drinks after they were ordered (15 minutes for drinks!) and our server rarely checked up on us.  She also seemed confused on the drink menu, so she may have been newer.  She had to have us point out our drinks on the menu when we ordered them.
5	This place is OUTSTANDING! Delicious homemade Italian...simply delicious. The service is great. I especially love their gelato and the multitude of flavors! Perfect for a casual date.
3	I went to Villa Dolce last night with my mom and brother. I will start this review on a negative note and say that I found our experience to be unfortunate. We chose Villa Dolce for dinner for four reasons:1. It's within walking distance from my home2. My mom likes Italian food a lot3. I've never been there4. People rave about Villa Dolce to me all the time--it's like the Betty White of restaurants in downtown MiddletonThe restaurant's interior appearance was a bit "meh". The decorations are little tacky, and overall, the place felt a bit like an airport bar that is trying to be swanky. It was still kind of cute though. I felt the menu lacked variety, unless you like pizza, in which case, there were about 20 types to choose from. This could be where we went wrong, but none of us is crazy about pizza, so we all ordered pasta dishes. We also had the Antipasto appetizer and some drinks.The appetizer was nice, and certainly big enough for three people to share. I am going to upload the picture I took of it, because I thought it was attractive. It included a variety of Italian cheeses, olives, pesto, olive tapenade, and some basil/tomatoes. It also came with crostini toasts. It might have been my favorite part of the meal because it was pretty free form and you could come up with some yummy combos--my favorite was tomato, pesto, and fresh mozzarella on top of a toast. It was like a mini caprese salad! Yum.My entree was the Wild Mushroom Ravioli, which according to Yelp, is their best pasta dish. It was ok. I wasn't blown away, but it was tasty. The marsala sauce it came with was really flavorful, but needed to be thickened a bit more, because it was really watery and I had to sop it up with a piece of bread. My brother had a squash ravioli with a hazelnut, orange liqueur, and brown butter sauce. It was good, but it was very sweet. Almost too sweet for an entree. It needed more "savory", maybe some dry wine or lemon juice or something. Again, it was ok, but not mind blowing.My mom had a pasta dish with farfalle, lots of vegetables, and a lemon-mascarpone sauce. Her entree was probably the worst (I tried all three) because it was very bland. However, the vegetables and pasta were cooked well.Another annoying thing: I asked the waitress for fresh black pepper once my dish was served, assuming she would grind it on top of our dishes for us, as they do at nearly every Italian restaurant I've ever been too (including the Olive Garden, for Pete's sake) and instead was given a small and rather beat up plastic pepper grinder to use for myself. Maybe that's ok for some, but when I am paying close to $20 per (meatless) entree in a restaurant that is attempting to be fancy, well, they're going to need to step it up.Overall, if Villa Dolce had more reasonable prices, I would rate it higher. The experience was acceptable, but not for the price. We did have drinks and an appetizer, which drove up the grand total of the bill, but for some perspective, just our three pasta dishes, none of which contained meat or any especially exotic ingredients, ran close to $60. I am not cheap, and I am willing to pay inflated rates for an excellent dining experience, but Villa Dolce was not an excellent dining experience. The food and service was on par with a place like the Olive Garden, and the prices were on par with a place like Graze. It's not a good combination.
5	Amazing fresh made pasta including gluten free options. Love the three course tour if Italy for $25 (cocktail, starter and entree).
4	This place was a bit slow getting our dessert to go and it was a bit pricy.  That being said I had an awesome dessert with a chocolate covered strawberry and a fresh raspberry.  I also had the roasted red pepper, fresh mozzarella sandwich.  Very tasty.  A nice lunch with two desserts was about $40.  Without dessert about $20.
4	While Villa Dolce has its detractors, I've been pleased with my numerous meals at this Middleton eatery.  While prices are on the high side given the casual setting, I have found the food to be particularly well composed.I'm a HUUUUUUGE fanboy of their Milano pizza (mild Italian sausage, tomato sauce, green peppers, mushrooms, caramelized onions, fresh herbs, mixture of mozzarella, gorgonzola and parmesan cheese).  The thin crust offers a pleasing combination of exterior crunch and interior chew.  On its own, the sauce is not exceptional, but it effectively compliments the crust and toppings.  The toppings are the real star - I adore the interplay between the sweet caramelized onions, the perfectly seasoned Italian sausage and the three cheese topping of this pie.  This pizza also travels well, making it a great carryout choice.   My only qualm is the price, at $17.99 for a 12" pizza is steep, especially when a person can go to Pizza Brutta, Lombardino's or Grampa's and get a great pizza for $5 less.At lunch recently, I wandered off the Milano pizza reservation and tried the Italian Beef Panini accompanied by a bag of chips ($8.59).  The sandwich featured a thickly sliced crusty white bread that had a great sear from the grill.  Like the pizza, the well-composed flavor combinations of the sandwich won me over.  While it's a busy sandwich (roast beef, roasted red peppers, onions, mushrooms, basil pesto, smoked red pepper aioli and mozzarella), the components really complement one another.  Again, the price is on the high side at $8.59, but absolutely no complaints about the quality of the sandwich.While the restaurant serves up a full dessert menu, including twelve types of gelatos, I usually find myself taking the short walk down the block to Bloom Bake Shop to grab a pastry on the way back to my car.Partitioned into several dining areas, the interior of the restaurant allows you to have an intimate meal with your dining companion, even though the place is always packed with lunch time diners.  There also is a terrific outdoor seating area with the weather permits it.  A set of windows facing Parmenter Street illuminate the front of the restaurant with natural light, while the back of the restaurant can get a little dark.  The entryway into the restaurant features a chic looking full bar.  You order and pay for your meal at the front counter, and then a server will drink your food and drinks to your table, which seems out of place given the prices.  Service quality varies, but it's OK more times than not.If it weren't for the prices, I would patronize Villa Dolce more often than I do since I am a huge fan of their pizzas and sandwiches.
4	Went here later in the evening hoping to find a local gem... and I did! The food quality was fantastic and the place is really cool... it's basically an old house, so it's very spread out and quiet. I would have given them 5 stars, but the service was really crappy! Hopefully next time it will be better, and I'll raise the stars!!
2	Food was average, but more what I'd expect from a cheap chain than a somewhat pricy local restaurant.  Focaccia appetizer was toasted until dry, not the light pillowy bread you expect.  Seafood pasta was OK - shrimp and small scallops were overcooked and the sauce was lacking flavor.  The cannoli was a disgrace: pre-filled soggy shell and rubbery filling.  They had a great idea pairing some tables with armchair-like seats, but the fabric has seen better days and is now looking worn and dirty.  Service was fine.  I probably would have given them three stars if their prices were lower and more in line with the quality.
2	My friend and I decided to catch up over dinner at Villa Dolce. Overall, the food was decent. We ordered a cheese board which came with three types of cubed cheese, almonds, a fig spread, and crackers that probably came from Costco. My seafood pasta only had two shrimp and two scallops. I guess was expecting a bit more after reading the description. Anyway, staff was friendly until my friend and I were asked to leave after paying the check to accommodate other guests. The waitress said and I quote "Ladies, would you mind?" - gesturing for us to leave - and followed with "we have other guests waiting to be seated." Since the dining room is tucked away behind the entrance, there was no way for us to know that they had such a wait. From a customer service perspective, I was super disappointed and left pretty displeased. There's not really a nice way to ask folks to leave, but she can certainly work on her tactfulness if this situation happens in the future.To add another detail, there was another slightly older couple sitting right behind us who had been there longer and also finished paying the check.To close, it's a cute place with good variety and gluten free options on the menu. Just try to avoid going on a busy night. You may be "politely" asked to leave/make room for others.
