5	Oh happy day! Find me a service professional who is both professional and wonderful at service. They took in my upright Miele - which is like taking an appendage for a woman with children and animals - and told me it would be about a week. They called with a very reasonable estimate and voila, my treasured vacuum was in my possession exactly a week later, working like new. Owners are husband-wife and could not have been nicer. Yay for ABC! Do I hear Michael Jackson and a dance coming on??? Sorry but these guys are great.
5	A vacuum center almost seems so outdated or something, considering, we live in a world where if the vacuum breaks, you go buy a new one.  Even if it is a Dyson.  Well, I can be super frugal and there was no way I was buying another vacuum when the one that needed fixing was over $400 to start out with. But over 7 years later, the Dyson needed some repairs.  $100 later after a trip to ABC Vacuum, the Dyson Animal is working like it is brand new again!  It came back fixed, cleaned and in PERFECT condition.  I highly recommend ABC Vacuum.  Quick service done right!
1	Rude customer service on the phone-like you are doing me a favor even answering my questions regarding bringing my vacuum in for repair=I am going somewhere else.
2	Once again I dragged myself out of the house on Saturday to buy vac bags. And once again they are closed. Good family owned business, but call before you waste the time and gas.
5	The best vacuum store in Phoenix HANDS DOWN!! They sold me a reconditioned vacuum and it was as good as new. I get my bags there too. Appreciate their environmental views (reuse instead of throw it away) and that they are a family owned business. If you need your vacuum serviced, to buy parts/vacuums, or accessories this is the place to go!!
5	You cannot get much better than this place. Great customer service and attitude. They guarantee their work and products. I will always buy from these wonderful people. The best in Phoenix
4	I called ahead to make sure they were open. They were easy to find. I was a little disappointed in selection but what they had was all very nice stuff at good price. I really liked that they were very laid back. They HELPED, but didn't PUSH like happened at a different shop. The reason I bought there was they let me TRY out the vacuum! If I am going to spend good money I want to try it first. Overall I was happy and God forbid this vacuum breaks, I will take it here to fix. I learned my lesson, keep your vacuum you like, they are hard to replace!
5	This is a family owned business.  They are the best in the vacuum world. You will definitely get the best deal in town for purchase or repair.  No run around, just good deals!!!  Love this shop and family!!!!!
5	Absolutely love the casual personalized service. These people are experts and I would not trust my Kirby wo anyone else! (so glad I stopped falling for Dyson marketing and went with a real vacuum!) Always love to give my money to local shops!
5	The best advisors ! Helpful and genuine. They will tell you what you need to know, even if it doesn't gain them any business! They sell and repair vacuums and accessories.
