1	More like "Scabies!"How unprofessional is this:  the first salon I walk into, they send me down the street to their other one.  I walk in (granted my daughter is only 4) but the ladies working there were totally laughing at me, pointing, etc. I had verified on the phone ahead of time that the price was going to be $25 -- the lady who ended up braiding my kid's hair quoted me the price of $65!!  downright shady.  Never going back.
3	I just got home from Aabie's Hair Braiding an while I love my hair...Aabie needs to turn on some AC....it was hot as hell up in there, one woman even passed out....all they did was take all the avail fans an train them to blow on her....Come on Aabie ur making way too much money for that........ppl were very nice.....but it was just too darn hot...will never go back in the summer
1	We went to the Tisun beauty supply, which was awesome.But Aabie's not so much:( I called all the braid shops in Charlotte and none of them would make (8) box, which are regular braids for $25. I got them done her for $31 which included the tip.  The quality was poor. The braids were so loose that I had to go home and re-braid, but that ruined the curly effect at the end of the Kanekelon.  I will say this though. I had the braids done Aug 3, 2012 and it is Aug 17, 2012 and I still have the braids in. I did rebraid one yesterday.  This braid job is so poor that it motivated me to look on U Tube and learn how to braid myself.  Money is tight and this is a bad economy so I think Luis and I will just braid m 8 braids ourselves from now on.The temperature in there was hot. I looked at Luis and told him to bring a fan that was off in the distance, but he didn't.  We just beared thru the heat.  There are lots of braid stations with lovely wood grain and mirrors.  The lady who braided my hair was very nice, but tricky.  We walked around and she agreed to braid my hair for $25. Then after she sat me in a chair and started combing my hair and parting it she said can u pay $40? Huh? We had already agreed to the $25, but she said she had not agreed to accept that. I wouldn't have sat in the chair had she not agreed to accept that. Then she said $35.  I said, "I can pay $30 but that's it".  I felt like I was at a used car lot.There was a middle age Hispanic lady walking around sweeping hair up off the floor.   The heat in this shoppe was too hot for her to be expected to walk around sweeping hair.  This braid shop is in a "hoodish" area like all the braid shoppes i'm familiar with, but there was a Foot Locker store there where Luis was able to get some shorts $40 shorts on sale for $10 since it is the end of summer. I wanna get so good at braiding my own hair that i never need to put myself in this uncomfortable bargaining position again.  I'm gonna keep on watching U Tube.
1	Had braids done less than a month ago more like 2 1/2 weeks ago and already losing braids. Worse service will never patronize their business again for the money I spent.  Braiders where absolutely rude but the day you get your braids you will love them until you realize how sloppy of a job they really did. Lesson learn next time I will go to Bignons cause they do great quality work.
1	This place is horrible! Besides the fact that I had two African woman who probably just got in the country this morning via the middle passage... the hair they used was cheap and looked like it was snatched off the horse and smuggled into the country in someone's a$$! I was disgusted! I paid with a credit card and seriously contemplated disputing the  charges.
