4	I'd happily eat at this place again. The food was pretty good and the prices weren't unreasonable, considering the exchange rate, although I thought they were a bit high. They had a nice selection of veggie food that was tasty and not entirely predictable, which I appreciate. I had a burrito with sweet potato in it... How can you go wrong?
3	Quaint studenty kind of place. Good for a quick sort of healthy lunch. Vegetarian. Considering the other quick dining options in the neighbourhood (Subway, Quiznos, McD's, pizza slice joints), it's tough to beat.Expect to spend $10 on lunch.
5	been here twice now and i love it! the first time, i had just two sides of grilled veggies and a vegan cookie; today i had the sweet potato quesadilla sans fromage. it was magnificent. friendly staff, relaxed ambience, great prices. i'll be back.
4	The architecture for food at this place is really wonderful: lots of sides, lots of ways to increase the presence of heat or vegetable in your taco/burrito/quesadilla, great liquids and decent dessert.  The food politics is great (sustainable, as organic and local as possible) too, which makes the healthiness and the really good flavor wash down well. Nice, casual staff.  great for vegans too.
4	I had a 2 for 1 voucher from The Green Conscious Guide (which is fantastic, btw), and having read the reviews here it was really a no brainer to try Burritoville out. The service is really friendly, laidback, and generally awesome. The food is flavourful, filling, and delicious. I opted for a sweet potato burrito with a side of quinoa salad. The sweet potato was perfectly flavoured and made for a satisfying burrito that didn't leave me feeling yucky, just pleasantly full. The salad was very fresh, but I personally like to add a bit more flavour to quinoa since it can be quite plain on its own. But I enjoyed it, nonetheless. All in all, this restaurant is a winner. Casual atmosphere, tasty and healthy food, and prices that won't break the bank. Oh, and be sure to try the raspberry lemonade! It's super yum.
4	I love the atmosphere of this place (a large old house). I had a great burrito, which was HUGE and was a good price. It was slightly too spicy for me, so I'd order it a bit milder next time. The sweet potato was interesting, but I might try something else instead next time. I love that any of the menu options can be made vegan.Service was friendly and laid back, and fluent in English.
5	This place is AWESOME!  The food is filling, fairly priced, and just the perfect thing for this vegetarian mom, and equally vegetarian 18 year old son.  He had the burrito, and loved the flavor and texture, I had the spinach quesada, and was equally impressed.  The chips are off the hook!  The staff is friendly, and informative.  The place is comfortable.  We were disappointed that after eating one meal, that they were closing that day, and did not reopen until after we left.  Just so thankful to have had the chance to try it.  I would not miss this food pleasure, even if you do eat meat.
4	Hey, you Buritoville - that's right - you! I've been initiated and I gotta tell you, "me likey you long time."Head up the outside stairs, and into the back of this creaky, wooden house. Then, place your order: single, combo or triple. Say what? The combo for $10 features 2 tacos of your choice. My two were the cheesy original and the sweet potato. Plus a side. My side choice? Guacamole of course. The brilliant part - it's all vegetarian. And while I may like land animals, I didn't notice the meatlessness. In fact, I was sufficiently stuffed. And, for all you vegans out there, the staff here are rock stars at veganizing any meal. Plus adult bevvies, FTW!
5	I love going to this place. It's in an old wooden house and it exudes this great relaxed vibe. I could imagine poets and artists hanging out here.The food matches the environment. It's all local (or as local as it can be) and fair-trade. I think it's also vegan friendly.Their meals are pretty decent size and if you grab a trio, you should be full for a while. You're wallet will also stay full. If memory serves, you can get a delicious burrito and two sides (quinoa, soup, chips,salad, whatever!) for 12.50$! That means that for 15$, you can have a delicious fresh great meal and have enough left over for a tip!There are no traditional waiters, so you need to order at a counter and you can grab your utensils and water yourself, but they'll bring your meal over.It may be because it's getting late-ish, but thinking about this place is getting me hungry!
4	Yum!! I've only eaten the quesadilla with cheese and guacamole, etc.. in it, to which I cannot remember the name. Because it's so delicious I can't go there without getting it or trying something else, lol. Chill atmosphere and vibe.. friendly staff.. and yummy food! Slightly pricey but worth the occasional visit. :)
5	My partner and I were looking for a great vegetarian restaurant and came across burritville on your trip to Montreal, QC. We both order two different entrees and both were delicious! I ordered a spinach and mushroom quesadilla and my partner order one of their signature burritos. Both were larger enough to feed a small army but we both stomached it and ate it all. I highly recommend this place if your in the mood for a cold beer, awesome mexican food and great people watching!
5	I found it via Tripadvisor when I looked for restaurants close to my hotel because I can be lazy and I accept that :) Awesome find. Idk what was going on with me this past weekend but I totally sucked at picking out places to eat and Burritoville, aside from Sofitel room service, had the best food of my entire trip. Really dig the atmosphere. They play mellow music (Iron & Wine on my second trip) and there is beautiful/interesting/weird art on the walls. The gentleman behind the counter was there on both my visits (welcomed us back the second time) and he was helpful and friendly, as were the other staff. Very pleasant :) Like a Canadian version of an East Village spot, complete with patrons you would see milling around St. Marks. Saw a sign that said they have Open Mic on Mondays and when I was there on....Friday(?) they had a live band setting up....good stuff. Sweet Potato Burrito was crack. Seriously delicious. The reason I came back for more. My sister got the Chili burrito and liked it but said it was too spicy (not for my taste buds...how do i know? i finished it for her ^_^). Not crazy about the quinoa...it was too light and fresh for me which isn't even a relevant complaint lol, I just like my quinoa to be heavier and more savory. Drinks were yummy, I tried the raspberry lemonade and we had the root beer. Didn't find it expensive at all, but maybe that's cuz I'm a tourist and not really privy to the places that sell good food for less than $12. I would def come back here on my next trip to Montreal. Sidenote: the dudes who work here look like hipster models. Actually, most of the men in Montreal do. Whats up with that? It's freakish how many handsome men are walking around that city.
4	Fantastic little place with a small, creative vegetarian menu. I tried the sweet potato burrito and I loved every bit of it. The place is in an old row house, so there are a variety of rooms and places inside in which to dine. Absolutely worth a stop if you're in the area and want a tasty, inexpensive, non-chain meal. There didn't seem to be AC, though, so on this hot day I took my food to go.
4	After a few hours at the Museum of Fine Arts checking out the amazing Jean Paul Gautier exhibit (go there ASAP while it's still around!) Menu looked healthy so we trodded upstairs and ordered 2 chili burritos with chips and salsa and 2 local beers. The burritos came out piping hot and fresh clearly grilled and stuffed with brown basmati rice, fresh tomatoes, spiced beans and cheese. Before I knew it I had devoured the entire thing in 2 minutes lol. I should mention this is a vegetarian place (i love meat but the burrito was so good I didn't mind the least)Definitely would go back!
5	One of my go-to-places if I'm hungry and downtown. Warm and cozy atmosphere, nice staff, and great prices (with taxes in)...also a great place for carnivores like me to take vegetarian friends without feeling all "ug, vegetarian food"Fave meal: sweet potato burrito, chipotle chips and rasberry lemonade. You can't beat it!
5	When someone first told me about this great "vegetarian mexican" joint, i thought they had eaten the worm in the tequila bottle. How can mexican food be good without it dripping with meat ?I'll tell you how. Roasted effing vegetables, black beans, sweet potato wrapped in a warm tortilla served with fresh salsa. This thing could keep me vegetarian forever. I forget all about anything else i've ever eaten when i'm in the middle of this thing.For less than $8.00 you get a full, fresh, made-to-order meal that is walk-friendly and flavourful.A must!
4	I started going to Burritoville when I lived in NDG many years ago, they were located on Sherbrooke at the corner of Regent at the time. I've since moved downtown and lost track of Burritoville. Luckily, they moved downtown too and I recently rediscovered them at their 'new' location.They've got a  great all vegetarian all Mexican menu and is they are the only place in Montreal that I've found where you can get a Burrito the size of your forearm. Great food at a great prices. Enjoy!
4	Great vegetarian place in Montreal. The selection is limited but the quality is great and most of the food is organic. The restaurant is placed in an old house which gives it a real authentic feel. Service was great, and friendly.
4	Beautiful 19thC building with lovely wood, high ceilings, warm colours, yummy cheap vegetarian and vegan food. Order form the counter in the back and they'll bring it all out for you - I like the sweet potato taco trio with chips, salsa, guacamole and a McAuslan oatmeal stout, personally. The service can be a little slow but the staff are so friendly and community oriented it's never bothered me to chill in line at the counter and chat with them while I wait. There is free wifi but it's been super spotty in my experience. This is a Concordia haven so don't be surprised by the young crowd or the oh so earnest student art on the walls.
5	Burritoville isn't just a restaurant, it's a family experience. Granted, I've been going there for years, ever since it was a tiny hole-in-the-wall place in NDG so I know the folks and it feels good to be there and to touch base with the owners about what they're up to, what I'm up to, what our summer plans are and what movies we're going to go see a Fantasia, but even if I didn't know them, I'd still love it. The thing I appreciate about Bville is that its vegetarian and organic but they don't frontload it. Burritoville doesn't purport to provide a spiritual experience - it's an awesome restaurant where you can get some nutritious food, have a beer and check out some activities spread out over three floors where the first is ideal for laptop sessions, where you can see shows in the evening on the 2nd floor (there's also a small art gallery space) or chilax on the third floor where they've set up a small, but well stoked library. Fave food: Spicey pinto burrito trio. I ask for a guacamole substitution on the cheese since I'm vegan - no problem (in fact there's a lot of vegan options - from soups to salads to many of the other dishes that work just fine without cheese). The burrito is large and can be a meal on its own and is filled with pre-soaked cooked organic pinto beans, a spicy tomato salsa, guacamolo and organic brown rice. The trio feels like a dinner experience. As part of it, I'd have the sprout salad (two kinds of sprouts, topped with roasted pumpkin seeds and a delish garlic dressing, and a full basket of corn chips with spicey salsa (the green tomatillo is quite good too). They've got some great home-made lemonade (either lemon or raspberry) and cookies (with vegan options). Beyond that though, I like to know that Burritoville's thinking about their impact. Over the last while, I've seen them engage in discussions about how to minimize their energy use, how to best support local producers, how to connect with students and faculty at Concordia in making use of the space...It's a place that I feel great about supporting - it's a yummy, vibrant and fun place to be in.
3	The food is good and healthy and they offer a good price for some items if you dont have much money. But the owners are jerks.
4	A vegetarians dream
4	I thought today would be a good day to take a break from all the horse, beef and pork carnage I've been indulging in lately.  And Burritoville provided exactly what I was looking for.  The sweet potato burrito was very good and I actually didn't miss the fact that there wasn't a half pound of charred animal in it (though upon reflection, man some carnitas would have really put it over the top.).  :)  Ok, back to my meat rampage.
4	I am not a vegetarian, by any means.  However, at work one day one of my vegetarian friends suggested we go to Burrritoville because he claimed it was really good even though its meatless.  So a bunch of us decided to go and try it out.The place is an old style Victorian building (my favorite architecturally) with cool wooden floors.  Definitely gives it a unique vibe.  I got the trio which has a burrito, a choice of sides (chips and salsa, guacamole, etc.) and an organic beverage.  I chose the sweet potato burrito with a side of chips and spicy salsa and a ginger ale.  As I first bit into the hot burrito, I was thinking to myself, I don't think I can be full with just a vegetarian burrito.  But wow it was tasty.  It was very flavorful and the sweet potatoes added a whole new dimension to the burrito.  The chips and salsa were really good as well.  As for the price 13 dollars is not too bad for the quality of food you receive.My only complaint was that I needed to order more to be completely full.
5	With a narrow yet tasty selection of choices, Burritoville offers a healthy "home-made" alternative to the "sandwich" places found in this sector of the city. They have 3 to 4 options for each of their mains (burito, tacos, and quesadilla) and a few choices for your side if you chose to take your meal in a combo. Their home made salsa and chips are very good and aren't given enough credit.There is room to eat there or you can always take your food to go AND it comes in biodegradable containers (win win!)I've eaten here more than a few times and will continue to.Staff is really nice as well (which is always a + in my book)EDIT :  Went back again last night... Wow, this place is delicious!
4	Walk up the creaky steps from the street and you feel like you've walked into your grandmothers house: except this house smells like burritos and there was a 15 piece brass band playing in what was once the living room; mayhem!I had the sweet potato trio which tasted yummy (the salsa sucked though...seriously, how can you f*&k up salsa?) The beer was reasonably priced and the guac was quite tasty. The service is typical of a hipster-staffed place: slow and a tad on the clueless side...luckily I wasn't starving when I arrived here.I really like the vibe of this place and the various corners and more quiet spaces that you can find so that conversation is possible. It is a cool old house with gorgeous wood floors and the prices are fair and everything is vegetarian: score.
3	The food is good I guess. Oh my god the last time I went in I waited like forever and they totally wasted my time. They were busy I guess-although the restaurant didnt seem that full. The waitress kept on telling me that my simply taco would be ready in 15 min but I waited like 45 min and still nothing.I was so hungry I had to eat the chips. They were out of almost everything else. The salads have become so lame.I basically have to beg to get a decent salad. I like the old building that they are in . Very spacious.I left hungry.The food never came.
3	Oh Burritoville, where do I start with thee...When I first walked in here, I was expecting a real tacky Mexican place with sombreros and the whole shabang. Boy, was I wrong...If you wanna have a good laugh ( or maybe not) on a Monday night, come here. This may sound pretty harsh but I just can't resist spending my Monday night giggling at the sight of moaning hipsters successively pouring their hearts out at the weekly open mic. The combination of overly emotional acoustic covers with bland, mediocre-at best , vegetarian Mexican food  truly makes this place one of a kind. I will never forget the jokes cracked and the flavour that always lacked.All in all, this place is pretty overpriced for a bunch of bland beans in a whole wheat tortilla.
4	I took my non-vegetarian husband here and we were both very happy with the food!  I had two sweet potato tacos which were really delicious.  I ordered the trio which comes with a choice of a side so I chose guacamole.  It was very good but I felt it needed salt.  The trio also comes with a drink so I got (because of glowing reviews on yelp) the raspberry lemonade.  It was fresh, not too sweet and totally refreshing.  I liked the atmosphere of the place too, you feel like you're in someone's home.
1	Why is this place rated so highly??? And why is it considered Mexican food?? Sweet potatoes are not Mexican food.... neither are apples, quinoa, or mushrooms. And please don't bother trying to bring me around, I am a born and raised SoCal girl and will fight you tooth and nail. Just call it something else, you are doing an entire culture a great injustice with your false advertising. Just wrapping something in a tortilla doesn't make it Mexican food.I honestly cannot name a single thing that I liked about this place. It was completely empty when we went and they were out of chips, the service came off a bit pretentious, they got our order wrong, and the lemonade was so sour I couldn't drink it. Not to mention the cost! It was $30 for 2 of us and we both left hungry and completely unsatisfied. This place has already become an inside joke and a reference against which we compare other awful dining experiences.
3	Stumbled upon Burritoville today at lunch.For the size of the portions I find it is very expensive, although I can appreciate that it is organic, homemade food. Took a good 25 minutes for our small meals to reach our table. We were sitting in the middle of a cold draft, but our table was cool. I really like how they have plenty of ice water in pitchers with glasses to serve yourself. Same deal for the cutlery, if you want a knife & fork, go get one. The staff will bring you your food, but nothing more, which is fine in my eyes; you're not expected to tip. I was very surprised by the lack of salad choice for the Combos/Trios. Today they had Quiona with a dressing or a very plain sprout type salad. I tried the Mushroom & Spinach Quesadilla with the Quiona salad & Lentil Soup. I'd like to go back again to try the sweet potato Burrito, but I might just order the Combo or Solo rather than the full Trio, unless they had more choice of salad. Thanks for reading!
3	I ordered the food and it just made me sick.They were polite.
3	Impressive flavorful tortilla chips and supple corn tortillas. Delicious fillings with guacamole or sweet potatoes in place of cheese at no extra cost. Options for brown rice and whole wheat burrito wraps, which are always good. Odd credit card and debit card policies though - have cash to be safe. Also, zero air conditioning. I loved my food and the laid back atmosphere, but it wasn't just the salsa that was hot. I'll come back - in the fall!
1	Tell me first this place is vegetarian. And also est time to wait is 15-20 min. Ridiculous!!!
5	My first meal of my Montreal visit during Thanksgiving 2013. I picked up the two popular burrito choices - sweet potato and the pinto beans.  The former is sweet, latter is spicy.  I like the fresh ingredients and that they use a lactose tolerant cheese.  As a vegetarian, I'd much prefer Burritoville's burritos than Chipotle for example.  Soup was a warming mushroom barley mix.  Staff is helpful and friendly, great for first time visitors.
5	Outstanding. A friend convinced us to give this place a try last night and we were all extremely satisfied. I had "Le pinto epice" burrito with the quinoa salad to make it a combo... Unreal. Whether you're vegetarian or not (I'm not) you will not be disappointed! Great food, excellent service, good vibe, and we even had live music - also awesome, we stuck around to listen. Burritos, quesadillas and more, this place might just turn me veg!
4	I was sure this was going to be a subway-like burrito conveyer belt when I heard the name. Could not have been further off the mark. These guys are dishing out vegetarian and vegan tacos, burritos etc. made with love and full of delicious flavours. All wholefood and fresh ingredients too. Who said mexican had to be guilty?
4	I stopped by here a few times to grab a bite on the go or stay awhile to study. Their burritos are fantastic. They're simple in ingredients but packed with flavour. The place itself is ideally located across from Concordia's hall campus, and surprisingly enough, I've never been there and had trouble finding a seat. This place deserves to be busier.
1	I stopped by for some late lunch,  so the place only had about 4 other clients in it. I am a friendly person, so I strode in and with a big smile, saying "Bonjour! Hello!" The girl behind the counter could barely take her eyes off her phone. I told her that I am allergic to gluten, and asked if the tacos were corn or flour. She responded (still barely looking up from what she was doing) and then I ordered a bowl. I then asked her if it had cilantro in it, to which she asked me if I was allergic to that too, but with a nasty look on her face (I realize I sound ridiculous in this scenario, but how do you write a review about someone's tone without sounding like a spoiled brat?;) I said no, not allergic, but I don't like it and I would rather not have it, so she then begrudgingly went to ask the chef. I was so put off, that I changed my mind right there and left. This part is so obvious, but it's what prompted me to write this review. I've worked in customer service and interaction with the clientele is a huge part of your business. A smile, a nice warm welcome, enthusiastic, or at the least helpful, staff is the bare minimum in my book.  I realize she might have been having a bad day, but I had too, my beloved mother had just passed away suddenly 4 days prior.  As she would say, (with her delightful British accent) "Socks up girl!"
5	Probably the best burrito I've had in years - the sweet potatoes one. Unusual combination that totally works! Took their raspberry lemonade with it which was yummy too and a guacamole, which could have done with more salt & spices.Cute little place with friendly staff! No AC so can get very hot on a sunny Summer day.
4	I love this place and I've only been once. The food was delicious and came quickly, so I wasn't stressing about making it to my next class. Definitely going to be going back.
2	Well . Food was ok . But service was non existent, communication was weird even tho I speak French and English , They had no interest in serving people . Some places are friendly and some aren't ! This one is not.
