1	First time eating at this restaurant.  My steak was way over cooked and had a lot of fat on it. We did not receive rolls like it said on the menu.  My soup was like stew. Will not be going back to Cowgirls in Avondale.
1	The first time we went, the salmon and prime rib were delicious. We really enjoy the ambiance and the live music. The service was slow and we were thirsty, but we decided to give it a second chance.This time we took friends. I have to say that the blackberry margarita is superb, but our service was terrible. The server's family was at a table beside us and the husband was reminding the server to check on us!The food had obviously been sitting under a warmer for some time because my mashed potatoes were baked and crusty. The bread/roll was cold. No butter. My husbands NY strip was 60% fat and inedible. The beers were slow coming from the bar and we never got the water we asked for...twice. Our appetizer showed up via food runner as we were all finishing our meal! Then...the "Assistant General Manager" showed up at our table with the server in tow. He asked us how our service was and why we didn't want the appetizer. IN FRONT OF THE SERVER! Then he proceeded to slur, repeat himself, explain that last week he was a cook and since he got this promotion he's fired 105 people for 20 MINUTES! The whole time he wished us Happy St. Patrick's Day about 15 times.I seriously thought he would never go away. I could not make this up. What a surreal evening. If it weren't for the awesome company and delicious margarita, we would've been really angry. In the end, we just laughed at the guy and decided that this restaurant wasn't worth the $110 we had just spent there!We will never, never, ever go back. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone that I like.
2	Went there once. Was about 9:30 pm, not too busy. I was hoping for a bigger crowd. Band was great! Drinks were very expensive. I recommend that the manager or marketing person solicit the current customers and/ or the community for referrals by discounted drinks or something . This may increase the crowd. Oh yeah, the bartender (girl) wasn't friendly , had she been ... We may have stayed for a bit more. We weren't impressed .
4	Their primrib is good. Live music one time I went, trivia the next. Pretty fun
1	This restaurant looked great on the outside, once we got in however, things changed drastically for the the worse. The hostess was unfriendly, seemed annoyed that she had to get up and walk us over to our table (that was not clean, she asked us to wait while someone could come to wipe it) even though the place was practically empty. The server was nice, she tried to perk up the place but when I asked for her recommendation between their "signature" mac and cheese and a dinner potato she hemmed and hahed because she didn't like either. That was not a good sign. When our food came out it was disgusting. My husband order the brisket- you could tell it had been boiled (what a waste of meat) and was completely fatty, the potato was hard and the chili was absolutely canned. My pulled pork was soaked in water, so much so that the BBQ sauce wouldn't stay on. Disgusting mac and cheese went to top it off- bland and slimy. I was absolutely dissatisfied and especially considering the higher prices it was awful. Never coming back.
1	I really, REALLY wanted to like this restaurant, support it, and make it a regular fixture in my wife and my restaurant rotation.  I like that it's a family-owned and operated business and that it's right around the corner from my house.  However, I am thoroughly disappointed in Cowgirls.  My wife and I have been there on three separate occasions.  The first was when they had just opened and the place was packed.  We sat at the bar and had drinks and dinner.  The bartender was very nice and provided good service but the food was over-priced and bland.  We attributed the lack of quality to the restaurant just opening and decided to give it some time.  The second and third time we went to Cowgirls we ended up walking out after waiting at our table for over 20 minutes without the slightest attention paid to us by any servers in the restaurant.  Both times we entered the restaurant and saw a sign inviting us to "Seat Yourselves."  We found a high-top table in the bar area, sat ourselves, and waited . . . and waited . . .  Multiple times we made eye contact with servers with no acknowledgment from any of them that they would either take our order or notify our server that we were waiting.  The bartender looked in our direction, clearly noticed us sitting and waiting, but failed to send a server over to take our order.  You'd think that in the middle of a recession people working in the restaurant industry would work harder to take care of their patrons.
1	Spend your money elsewhere...No manager ever greeted us or asked about our experience at all!  Food is average at best, pricing relative to quality is ridiculous!  Go someplace else
1	Not surprising as it is closed now.
1	Out of business.
