5	We got cupcakes for our party and they made them look awesome.  Not only did they look great but ours tasted fantastic too.  We will make sure to go back for all our pastry needs.  Much better than other cupcake places we've tried.
5	Kristen took my boobilicious cupcake topper order and was very helpful, they customize them down the the skin tone, bra types, monograms, and anything else you can think of.  In this case I can definitely say you get what you pay for.  They were so cute, held up through 2 airports while I traveled, and tasted great.  Everyone loved them at the party I brought them to and no one had seen anything like them before.
2	Everything up to the point of my wedding went well.... the ladies are very on top of the whole ordering process and very nice to deal with. I wouldn't have even written a review except I feel like they could have been a little more apologetic  about delivering my wedding cupcakes late to my reception. I had all my guests sitting watching the assembly of my cupcake tower when they were to be delivered an hour before the reception was set to start. Then I get an email notifying me that I was late making final payment but since they neglected to call me to ask for payment they were going to wave any and all late charges.... Um, if GSS had called me right after my wedding I would have paid the balance in full so I really didn't understand the email letting me know how kind they were to wave late charges that would have been their issue to begin with since they neglected to phone me to get the balance after services were rendered. It was kind of like they wanted to write me and tell me how kind they were waving the late charges when it was their fault for not calling me sooner. When I emailed them back explaining that I was disappointed with how late the cupcakes were delivered all I got was a "sorry".... "please call us as soon as possible and make final payment".... not what I expected. Cupcakes were cute and tasted pretty good, from what I was able to taste.... a little pricey but that's the trend I guess. I was disappointed in their lack of remorse over the late delivery and their annoying email about neglecting to call me for payment, I think I should have at least received some kind of a peace offering.
4	Awesome custom cakes. When I heard about this bakery, I had to place an order. I wanted to so badly but I didn't know what I wanted. They make all kinds of custom orders. I have seen all kinds of things from boobs to Johnson's and what not. It's so awesome. LOL. mostly locals order from here as this isn't something that you always know about when you're just a "tourist". Being that vegas is a 2nd home to me and my hubby, we have learned much about the local spots. I love to learn about the bakeries, hobby shops and hole in the wall restaurants. This is definitely a place to  come for a few laughs. You can pretty much order any kind of cake from here. The cakes really do come in all shapes and sizes, bra sizes, monograms, and whatever else you can think of that might be considered ludacris and offensive. They of course do make conventional cakes as well but why would you do that?? When you order from Gimme Some Sugar you are ordering something that is one of a kind. This bakery is more a provate bakery studio. THey have catered to all kinds of companies as well as celebs and for parties. Having friends come out for dinner and things like that for Walter's birthday and for mine, I thought about having them whip up a lil something for us. We did a nice lil tray of mini desserts. We had things like truffles, toffee, chocolate covered everything, cakelets, and some tartlets/mousses. Everything was delicious. The delivery was a lil late. So, that wasn't fun and it made things a lil more stressful but it was just a lot of fun. I will tell you this much, because everything is so customized, prices aren't what they are in a mom and pop shop. Delish!! Their flavors are awesome. Some of them have cute lil names like the Sexy Red Velvet and the Confetti Party. I love their raspberry mousse filling inside the chocolate marble cake. THat was soooo good. There are also deluxe options. We didn't go that route but maybe next time. Thanks for such an awesome display and delish time.
2	I was very disappointed with my order! First I think they are WAY to expensive (luckily I had a Groupon for them so I only ended up spending $30 even though my order cost $54). I ordered 2 dozen cake pops for my daughters' birthdays. On their website the pops are cylindrical in shape, when I receives mine they were round (like the ones they advertise on tv. Ones I could have baked myself and saved money). Some of them did not have icing (which I think was white chocolate) covering all of it. The cake didn't seem to be cooked all the way, instead of being light & fluffy it was very dense. I'm not sure why I got such a shotty deal b/c I noticed they had a lot of great reviews.The only thing I'll give them is we had no conflicts, they were pleasant to deal with (which was through email)
4	Sealing the deal!I saw the sign facing the 215 for weeks.  Drove by one day only to find out it wasn't open for business yet.  As the weeks went by, I stared longing at that sign EVERY damned day, wondering when the hell I was going to get my chance.Then, by chance, my wife decided she would get me some sugar and they were open!  She came home with a really nice bag that contained these attractive pink boxes with clear cellophane lids (presumably to see the contents, eh?).  Unfortunately for my review, she's not very detail oriented, so I can't really tell you the exact names of what she bought, nor can I even describe the store and what other goods they offer.   Here's what we ended up with, according to her recollection:1.  Cake pops: They were chocolate cake with a chocolate shell.  Besides my not understanding the whole cupcake fad (is it really going to last?), I have hated - no really HATED - the whole cake pop thing.  All the ones I've had were either tasteless, dry, way too dense or a combination thereof.  These, however, were the anti-thesis to all that I have hated (HATED) about cake pops.  These were rich, moist and cake-like (as opposed to tasting like they mixed a pound of frosting with some leftover crumbs to hold it all together).  The only thing I hated (HATED) about these particular cake pops is that they were too doggone small.  One bite.  That's all it took.  :(1.  Red Velvet cupcakes: ok, so it didn't take a genius to know what this one was.  These were tasty, but not as moist or rich as the red velvet I know and love.  Ok substitute, but not enough to make me crave them.2.  Peanut butter cupcake: I'm not really a fan of peanut butter pastries, so I didn't even take a bite.  She liked them, but she was short on adjectives, so I can't really elaborate.3.  Bacon Banana cupcake: un-holy-freaking-rock-my-sugar-tooth-believable.  If you know me, you know I'm a bacon addict.  This cupcake was a revelation, a total mouth f***.  But let me back up and start at the beginning.  Once upon a time, there was this little confection that didn't smell all that enticing.  Had it not been for the bacon chunks on the frosting, I would have skipped it.  The scent was a bit confusing, starting with overt rendered bacon fat tones and an undercurrent of burnt sugar.  Not the most appetizing combo in all honestly.  Anyway, after cutting it in two, only then could I smell banana, which really threw my nose for a loop.  Then I took a bite.  I can't say it was heaven, nor that it was the best thing I have eaten in my life.  What I can and will say is that the flavor combination just works.  The sweet of the frosting and salty of the bacon are harmonious, with the tropical banana adding a whole new dimension.  I love inventive dishes that a cook/chef prepares that tries to let you in on a secret.  Sometimes you're just not meant to understand that secret and other times, when you get it, it totally makes you respect the thought and effort behind the creation.  The bacon banana cupcake really sealed the deal for me.  I'll be back to try some other unique creations.  Whatever they're baking, gimme some sugar baby.
2	I was excited to see the banner hanging on the back of their building space facing the freeway. I knew I have heard about Gimme Some Sugar first through Yelp and was happy to see a location on my side of town.On a Monday morning about 10:00am my sister and I walked in. I was instantly disappointed to see just about nothing for sale. Not a good assortment of baked items at all.So we were left to choose from chocolate chip cookies, monster cookies (oatmeal, peanut butter & M&M's), candy apples, chocolate marshmallows and Halloween Sugar cookies.No cake pops and no cupcakes - BOO HOO.......The lady behind the counter said they will be filling the cases soon but wasn't sure when so we weren't about to camp out until something fresh and exciting was brought out. We chose Chocolate chip cookies &  Monster cookies. Both cookies were good - no complaints there - just wish there was more of a selection to choose from. The cookies were put in a cute black N white gift bag and stuffed with yellow tissue paper so the packaging was nice.I was expecting more of a bakery type of setting but instead it looked more like an office with a small corner for some goodies. So I guess it's more of a cake ordering type of buisness rather than an on site store.Maybe since they just opened this location not too long ago I should give them some time to settle in and give them a visit in a few months and see if anything has improved.....
5	I am writing this review since my amazing Girlfriend order my Bday cake from Gimme Some Sugar. I work in the food industry and have experienced some amazing cakes from Micheal Richard in LA, Jean Phillipe and other amazing pastry chefs. I was floored on how amazing my cake turned out; a 3 tiered cake that mimics my life the kitchen. It looked like pots and pans stacked on a butcher block. USUALLY these types of cakes look great BUT taste like cardboard. MY CAKE WAS BY FAR THE TASTIEST CAKE I HAVE EVER ENJOYED HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!! This cake was chocolate and fresh raspberries soaked in Chambord and finished with a chocolate buttered cream. F&%$!^@ amazing I tell you. The crazy part was that the WHOLE thing was edible, yup even the butcher block it came on.I called these girls at Gimmie Some Sugar, to thank them for making my bday a true success, the girl who answered the phone was an absolute sweetheart, she kept thanking me, when it most certainly was the other way around! People are still talking about this cake ...and not so much my birthday!This is not a cupcake store where you buy goods sitting out, this is a true cake studio where creativity and quality of goods come alive and are made to order on a personal level. Thanks again!
5	This is not your average pastry shop. This is cupcake wars on steroids, special ordered, and custom made. The specialize in custom ordered multi-tiered cakes (not sure if that's even a word). The pastry itself is delicious and well made, but the focus is on the spectacle of the cake creation at hand. When you see all the paparazzi shots of celebrities celebrating their birthdays, movie release, awards, etc.. at a club in all of Las Vegas, Gimme Some Sugar are the ones making their cakes. Yes, those unbelievably large, decorated, must have taken 25+hrs to create cakes are theirs! We ordered one for my brother last week and we were beyond pleased with the cake itself and blown away by the presentation.
5	Gimme Some Sugar is my baker of choice when it comes to cakes or desserts!  They have provided cupcakes and cakes for me in the past not to mention that I have been to several events that they're baked goods have been served at and each time is as great as the last.  Their cakes look like mini sculptures - pure works of art!  And the icing on the cake (HA!) both Miranda and Kristen are great to work with!  It's always a treat to work with GSS!
5	BEST DAMN CAKE AND CUPCAKES I HAVE EVERR HAD! I had the best birthday ever this year, my bf surprised me with the coolest cake! I grew up playing basketball and so he went to these lovely ladies and asked if they could make something dope with basketball. He comes back with a 3 tiered cake; the bottom base was a basketball court (so COOL) the next layer was a Jordan shoe (I LOVE MJ) and then had a Spalding Basketball on top. The details were BAZZAR, just putting spading on the ball (which is a brand of basketballs) and the shoe laces on the shoes, everything, the court had every line and detail as if it were a mini lil' court. The BEST part of all is that it was all edible. YUM! Who knew a basketball could ever taste soooo good? I used to work in a very high end restaurant on the strip and I have come across wedding cakes and special event cakes all the time, that were left over from the party, so of course I'd have some. The fondant at Gimme Some Sugar compared to these other companies that are catering for the higher end restaurants and casinos COMPLETELY BLOWS EVERYONE OUT OF THE WATER. I used to hate fondant until I tried Gimme Some Sugar!I was also lucky enough to get 2 dozen cupcakes as well, they were like nothing I have ever had before. It didn't have that disgusting sugar taste, they were just perfect, and they last about a week in my house and once the very last one was ate, it tasted just as the very first one on the day I got them. They were super fresh tasting all week long, so soft. My bf said the ladies there were really great and helpful to him (he has lots of ideas but never can draw it out) so they took care of everything for him! THANK YOU!
5	Wow! Wow! Wow!  I am truly impressed...Not only by the cake artist's ability to bring to life EXACTLY what I imagined, but I am equally impressed by the deliciousness of the cake (lemon raspberry).   I had seen their cakes on-line, as they do many celebrity cakes in Vegas.  These cakes are show stoppers & pieces of art!  I got the idea to order one of their cakes for my friend's 40th birthday.   Working with the women at the shop is so nice & easy.  They are super helpful & accommodating!  I asked if it would be okay if I gave them a sketch of what I wanted the cake to look like.....They said, "No problem"!  In fact, when my sketch came to life, it was actually better than my drawing!  Everyone who saw the cake was amazed.  My friend was just over the moon!  It was beautiful....We almost didn't want to cut into it, it was so unbelievably gorgeous!  When we did cut into it, we were all in love....The cake was so delicious!  Our tastebuds were in paradise!!!  Finally, Gimme Some Sugar offers a delivery service for their cakes.  I would recommend getting this service if you have a cake that has many elements on it, like mine did.  I was staying at a hotel on the strip, and it was just so nice to be able to meet them at my hotel's valet area, and pick up the cake from them.  Super convenient....It did not put a damper in our celebration at all!  I really appreciated it!  I live in Huntington Beach, CA, but I am in Vegas often as my mom lives in Henderson, NV.  I will 100% order from the ladies again...And in the near future.  They made the day extra special!!!  The whote process was a breeze!!!
5	Gimme Some Sugar is incredible! These young ladies work very, very hard. The quality of their work can not be found in any other pastry shop in Las Vegas. They have all your regular faveorite goodies available, of course with their own twist. However, they are a custom bake shop. You need to give a little time for an order, because the work they do, it is such high quality, takes time. Now that they have the Sugar Factory restaurant as an account (located in the Paris Hotel) they do have some treats on hand for last minute pick up. I have had them do everything under the sun for me including: custom sugar cookies for my spa to give to my clients at Christmas, custom cakes for several birthdays and events, and custom cupcakes and cake pops. Everything they have done for me that I have given as gifts has been more than well recieved. Their work is not only amazing on the outside, it is equally as good on the inside. The cake is always moist and delicious. For those of you who do not like fondant, they spend a little more on their product so the taste is great. Also, they offer "naked" cakes that are fondant free!If you need any sweets for any special occasion, and you really want to wow, pick Gimme Some Sugar! They have created a unique brand, backed by wonderful work.
5	Had a Living Social coupon for a dozen cupcakes - got them for wife's birthday.  A small hitch in service was more than made up with great cupcakes and having them delivered.  Had the red velvet cupcakes and were treated to pumpkin spice ones.  Looking forward to trying their cakes.
5	I ordered a cake for a friend's birthday and really wanted to make it special.  (all on short notice btw).  I gave them some general parameters and left it in their hands.  I was surprised and delighted with what they created- it was not only beautiful, detailed, and had correct proportions-- it was way bigger than I expected!  The cake was dense and moist, and the filling was rich, luxurious and full of flavor.  I will definitely order another cake from them- and no, they are not exactly cheap, but neither are any other 'famous' bakeries in town, which i have also ordered from - and I fully believe in 'you get what you pay for'.  Totally worth it- and i just learned that they have a full open bakery now so I'm going to hit them up for pastries and holiday goodies next.  I'm not baking this year!!
5	We ordered a cake from them in the past and Gimme Some Sugar did not disappoint! It was beautiful and delivered by one of the owners herself! We make sure to order every specialty cake from them. So when I heard Gimme Some Sugar was opening a bakery I was super excited!! We've ordered cake pops and cup cakes at least 6 times and our guest are always so impressed with not only the presentation but the absolute deliciousness!!! Prices are competitive to other high end bakeries. Love, love, love!!! I've never been disappointed... Gimme Some Sugar has a customer for life!
5	I ordered a cake on the day of my daughters birthday. They are so busy and still it was done and delivered on time. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were happy. The cakes are such works of art you hate to eat them. But it tastes better than it looks. Just go look at the pics. Amazing! I still haven't made it into the store. But while writing this review I can't wait till this Sat.
5	This is one of those places that is jut on a whole new level compared to the competition. The cakes they put out are almost too pretty too eat! and yes they are as delicious as they are beautiful. The designs for the cakes are amazing. just look at there portfolio. We had a suit case cake made and it looked like i could just open it up and pack. Sooooo realistic. The cake pops and all the little small goodies they make are equally if not more delicious than the cake. If there was a 6th star; i would give it to them
5	I found Gimme Some Sugar online and decided to do a cake tasting before ordering my wedding cake. Oh my goodness! The flavors are amazing. I pretty much ate all of the samples during the tasting. I told our Cake Designer what we envisioned, and she made it a reality. She even sent us sketches of three different cakes.The end product not only looked amazing, but tasted amazing. I want to thank Gimme Some Sugar for making my wedding day special. I would definitely recommend Gimme Some Sugar for your wedding cake!
1	After having a meeting with a lady, Ordered 2 rather pricey cakes for my daughter's birthday party. They were like $400.00 for the small size not competitive.They were on-time and pretty but decorated in the wrong colors. Can you believe that ?!? They made my daughter's cake daughter's cake BLUE! One of my cakes was dry. The confetti one was not dry but did NOT taste like my sample that they made me pay like $20.00 for. Not one child asked for seconds...... not one.Yes, I had to pay to taste their cakes even though I was buying 2 cakes.I called them and left a message the hour they arrived........ NO RESPONSE. 3 weeks later no response.Maybe a cakepop but I would NEVER buy a cake from them again. They should stick to their $5.00 cakepops. The cakepops were good & moist.
5	Had them do little truffle boxes as parting gift favors for an event we hosted for a client and they were great!  The box was darling, the truffles were amazing and the staff was on it.  They made everything easy for us and our guests were impressed!
5	Gimme Some Sugar designed a lawschool graduation cake for me that was truly AMAZING. The cake was flawless and so beautiful! We did not want to cut into the work of art, but when we did, it was just as delicious as it was stunning. Thank you to the creative team at Gimme Some Sugar. If I could give ten stars I would!! You will not be disapointed!
1	Here is yet another bakery that is not a place that you can stop by and purchase cupcakes or sweets on your way home from work or on your way to a party. The info listed on Yelp is misleading because although it gives business hours, they are not open to the public! I am looking for some cupcakes so I drove in my car to this location and there was a cute handmade sign on the door that said "By Appointment Only". While in the parking lot I called the phone number and somebody answered, but they said sorry not open to the public. Must make an appointment and place an order!  So annoying especially based on reviews! I give one star because of misleading yelp info. They need to specify by appointment only. Call ahead no matter where you go. Ask lots of questions.
5	You will NOT be disappointed by Gimme Some Sugar! You can tell by all the pictures how talented they are and how amazing the cakes look (you almost don't want to eat them!) but what you wouldn't believe is how great they taste! I have ordered 3 cakes from GSS the first being for my husbands 30th bday. He is not a cake fan but I knew he would be blown away from the look of the cake so I got one for him anyway. When I talked to Kristen she said they had a pumpkin pie cake and I knew I had to try it as it is my husband's favorite pie. He LOVED it and actually ate two pieces! All 3 cakes we have got from them were perfect and all of them amazed everyone who saw them! Could not give GSS enough compliments!
2	I bought a dozen confetti cupcakes with buttercream frosting for a party.  I tried one and the cake was so dense and dry I decided not to bother bringing them to the party. Pretty disappointing considering how pricey they cost.
5	I ordered a cakelet for a topper and cupcakes for my daughters baby shower. Just let me say it was even better than I anticipated. The cake had a edible doll that looked just like my daughter. People are still talking about it. The taste was amazing. I ordered 5 doz for 40 people and there was nothing left to go. People are calling to find out where my amazing dessert came from. The owner herself came and sat up the display. I could not be happier. Thanks girls!!
1	Any bakery that is by appointment only should not have a huge marquee and have posted on there doors that it is appointment only.  And then when you walk in look around confuse a man with a box of raw meat shouldn't treat you like a hobo looking for a place to squat
5	I ordered an Anniversary Cake for my vow renewal in Vegas over the weekend.  The staff was very help and stayed in great contact with me regarding my order (which was great since I'm over 4 hours away).  The cake was better than pictured and tasted AMAZING!  Everyone loved it!
5	I ordered a 30th birthday cake for my girlfriend. It was really nerve wracking ordering a cake via email, but Ashley made the ordering process seamless. She answered all of my endless questions, offered suggestions, and eased my concerns. But about the cake...it was more than the birthday girl and I expected and warranted its own photo shoot from the invited guests. It was a Las Vegas 30th birthday themed cake complete with the sign, dice, poker chips, and a silver "30" the size of the cake! The best part is that it tasted as good as it looked. It tasted so good that the birthday girl brought the remaining cake back to NYC on the plane. THANK YOU to all whom had a hand in making her cake. It added so very much to the weekend.
1	I didn't even get to try their baking. The service was so poor and they were so rude it ws if my order had no meaning to them, which clearly it didn't. It was easy enough to find another bakery that wanted t o take the few minutes to talk to me about what I wanted. Since this business was referred to me, I'll be certain to pass on how I was treated. If you want to spend thousands on a wedding cake and require rudeness in your service, these bakers are the ones for you.
5	Gimme Some Sugar made our groom's cake for us. All I had was a picture of a baby shower cake that was the source of my idea, and Gimme Some Sugar just ran with it. They did an AWESOME job. My husband LOVED it. And not only did the cake look good, it tasted good. Very moist with a lot of flavor. The person who took my order gave me some suggestions that were different from mine, and I took her advice. I'm glad I did. A great bakery.
5	My Mom used Gimme Some Sugar for her Vegas wedding in October. She sent me in the tasting since I am local and she is not. The cake was so good! Moist and flavorful. She got Chocolate cake with chocolate mous filling and lemon cake with lemon curd and butter cream. The lemon curd is amazing on its own! Even though her order was just a small one, the staff was so helpful and friendly at the tasting, via phone and email and on the day of pick up. I will definitely use them in the future!
5	I cannot say enough good things about my experience with this bakery!  Ashley was awesome and not the least bit bothered by my excessive emails and questions . . . and the cake design execution was beyond everything I could have hoped for.  Yes, the cake itself was very sweet, but that is to be expected.  The overall transaction was worth every penny and then some (I was expecting the cost to be so much more!).
5	Nutella, Goat Cheese & Fig and Maple Bacon Macarons? Oh man,Gimme Some Sugar!  What's pretty unique about GSS Bake Shoppe, there is also a wine bar,craft beer, and hot chocolate to complement the sweet treats.  It now has expanded their business to include a bake shop right next door to their studio where they make their cake creations.  Plus open til 12am Friday and Saturday?  Yes,that's what Ashley the owner confirmed. They are open late evenings...till 10pm! There's a cold case display full of mini cakes, cheesecakes,Tiramisu and other desserts. From what I remember, the countertop case has macarons, cookies, cake pops,cupcakes. You know I got macarons!  Love the variety here. My picks:Maple Bacon ....Nutella......Candy CaneOuter shell had a delicate crisp, inside was airy soft, and they nailed it on flavor in all the fillings.  Especially the Maple Bacon. Love the combo of savory bacon filling and sweet candied bacon crumbs.  The nutella was topped with crushed hazelnuts and drizzled with Nutella with Nutella filling. The Candy Cane one was a treat too! Partly dipped with chocolate with crushed candy canes and a peppermint filling. All three I would so order again. For the quality and portion you get, $3-4 a macacon is pretty reasonable to me.Chocolate Chip Cookies! - I was told they bake them to order! How about that for a late night treat? Warm just out of the oven cookies! My hot chocolate was divine as well. Also you can help yourself to complimentary chilled water housed in a glass jug. The shop is a nice size for a bake shop. It has a modern Parisian flair to it. There are several tables, including a long table perfect for groups and families. Two separate sitting areas where you can just chill, socialize too. Ashley said part of the seating is temporary and they will be bringing in more furniture.Great concept with the wine bar and late hours. Im loving this transformation of this place! The 24hr gym is just a few doors down so I can burn off the calories. How sweet is that! Just dont drink and go spinning. #ShopSmall #ShopLocal
4	This place just opened. I stopped in to try based on a news story mentioning they had vegan and gluten free options. Today they only had a gluten free brownie but they expect to have more options in the future. My wife had a macaron. She loved it. They have a very good selection with some interesting combinations.
5	The ladies were very prompt to help us out & give us some advice on what might sound good out group. Julie was confident in their macrons & I have to say she was right on the spot! The craft beers & wine list is well put together, hoping this place gets more recognition in the new future.
5	After our Hot N Juicy UYE, most of the group headed here for dessert and was it a trip worth taking.  I had just bookmarked the new business--yesterday was their second day open--when Shirley and Teri decided we'd go here after the UYE if we weren't too full.We picked out what we wanted and took it to a large dining room type table with some fresh flowers for their grand opening.  I got a macaron that was filled with gif and goat cheese.  What a wonderful combination!  Light crisp outside shell and a smooth interior.  I also got a box of 6 macarons to bring home--maple bacon, s'mores, pumpkin, and Nutella.  I can't remember the other two but they look great and based on the one I ate last night, they will be good!!  The macarons are about 3 inches in diameter--more like the ones at Bouchon than other bakeries that sell them.While we were having our treats and chatting at the table, the owner came around with a sample of their rich hot chocolate.  It was very good.For those who have been to a movie or were out shopping, this is a nice place to stop and unwind a bit.  Order some wine and have a sweet.  The interior is very pleasant and the staff is great!  Considering this was their second day open, they did a great job when the seven of us descended on the place.  They're open late on Friday and Saturday.To the owner--after you've got everything in order there, open another location on the west side of town.  Then I'd see you more often.
3	I have to say that Gimme some sugar is decorated very cute and looks like it could be a great place to hang out.  They do have beers, wine and bubbly to partake in and that is a great highlight.I'm going to preface this by saying that the ladies who were working the evening that we went were very interested in our opinion on what we thought about the baked goodies.  I had the rice krispy bar and my hubby had the tiramisu.  The rice krispy bar was good but nothing to write home about, the chocolate was a nice touch.  My hubby had the tiramisu.  The bottom half was the best part.  One of the ladies, actually took the parts that were not eaten to show to the chef as where they could improve. I'll need to give this place another shot in the future.  They are quite a few more items to try and from what I hear from others they are worth trying!
3	In the area and craving a sweet I decided to check my bookmarks and lo and behold Gimme Some Sugar popped up on my Yelp app bookmarks. Having heard some good reviews from trusted Yelpers I was excited to give them a try. I walked in and the place is super cute. Clean and well-decorated. I was greeted warmly by the three girls working at the counter. They were ready for any questions and had plenty of suggestions for me while I perished their inventory. I had my heart set on a macaron and they are huge. Interesting flavors as well. I decided on the fig & goat cheese and the maple bacon. I also had some questions on some pricing for specialty cakes and towers and they were very helpful and assisted me with all my questions and gave me lots of information and contact information if I decided to order something for the future. The macarons were flaky and moist. I didn't love the flavors, but they were ok. I took a few bites and didn't really feel the need to finish them. I'd be back if I'm in the area to see what else they have to offer.
5	This review is both for their custom cakes and the delicious treats at the bake shoppe. Ordering our cake was a breeze, we gave them a concept for our wedding cake and they ran with it. I can't wait to see how it will turn out. The tasting was a very fun and personable experience. Yes you do pay for your samples however I believe it is  deducted from the total cost of your cake. We went with 3 flavors Red velvet with cream cheese icing, chocolate cake with cookies and cream icing, and banana cake with salted caramel icing. The Bake Shoppe, seriously how have we gone so long without a place like this in town. Sweet treats until midnight in a romantic/fun atmosphere and they serve wine, champagne not to forget their coffee/hot chocolate products. I believe it's Lavazza but I could be mistaken. Everything I have tried has been amazing! The chocolate mousse dome and birthday cake macaroon are my favorites at the moment. Paired with a glass of The Pessimist, seriously it's amazingggg.The Girls at GSS know what they're doing, I wouldn't change a thing.
5	4.5 starsGimme Some Sugar is such a unique bakery on this side of town!  First thing I noticed is how luxurious and beautiful it is.  The sparkly and modern decor make me feel like I'm in a boutique hotel.  I'm taking a half star off simply because our chairs and table were very "wobbly".  The furniture, while beautiful, does not seem durable.  There are so many indulgent treats to choose from, e.g., mini NY style cheesecakes, huge macarons in a variety of flavors, cupcakes, cookies, cake pops, etc.  And almost everything can come with a little bit of a twist - a freshly baked cookie a la mode, a side of milk with your warm cookies, or add strawberries and balsamic to your cheesecake.  Delectable!  This bakery serves alcohol and is open until midnight on the weekends!  This is such a dangerous find for me considering I can practically walk to it from my house.  My late night dessert prayers have been answered!
3	The place is adorable! And they serve booze! Looks like a great place to hang out in the evenings. I wanted to love everything about this place, but the cupcakes were dry...super disappointing.  I'll be back to give them a second chance, though...
2	Gimme some sugar, gimme some artificial tasting frosting and then gimme my tooth brush. Sorry to be the buzz kill of the group, but I'm not loving what I had here. We ordered 3 different macarons, Nutella, Maple-Bacon and Late Night Snack. The first bite of each, all I could think of was how artificial it tasted. It tasted like someone had stuffed store bought cake frosting in between the macarons. I took a bite of each and couldn't finish any of them. The rest of their dessert cake wasn't that appealing. They had inidividual size treats, like dirt cake and the such, but each costing around $6? Gimme (no pun intended) a break. Way overpriced on all of their desserts here. Would much rather spend my money and calories elsewhere.
4	Holy macaron!This place serves up some seriously decadent macarons.  Bacon maple, birthday cake, goat cheese and fig, nutella and, my favorite, peppermint candy cane, are just some of the fancy flavors they have in stock.  And, they are HUGE, especially the peppermint candy cane.  It will take you several sittings to devour it.  And, it's delicious, if a tad too sweet.  Prices for these run from $3.50 to $4.50.Also, other genius things about this place are: (1) it serves alcohol; and (2) It's open late.  Like, 11 p.m. late.   I'll definitely go back to try more macarons, their moose domes, and cakes.  Everything looked amazing.
5	I have never tried a Macaroon because they are usually with Coconut...which I'm not a fan of. HOWEVER, our first visit here today changed my mind forever!! Peanut Butter Chocolate Macaroon....END if story!! Wow!! Amazing!
4	How can somebody who's always had a sweet tooth like me not love this place? I've been telling myself I'll cut back on my sweets intake - it's been a battle that I keep losing. Since this shop is in the same complex as a  Gold's Gym - that's a good enough excuse to indulge in sweet treats, right?The shop is so cute. Black and white interior and the colors come from the beautiful cakes, pastries and macarons they have. I'm actually wishing my birthday was much sooner so I can get a birthday cake from here. They serve hot chocolate, tea and coffee, milk, juice, soda...and alcohol (at night). Champagne, wine and beer + dessert? Can I just live here? Before I continue, I must say that my love for macarons started when I first had them in Paris - oh l'amour! So, I'm not one of those that eat them because they're trendy or whatever. The fad can die but I'd still love macarons. These French cookies are my faves just like chunky chocolate chip cookies. I'd go to a macaron shop at every city I visit for comparison and get macarons in ALL their flavors. So, I'm glad the Vegas area has Gimme Some Sugar. My true test for macarons is pistachio macarons but unfortunately, they didn't have it when I went but I think you can special order items a day before.They have 10 macaron flavors at a time. I think 2 are seasonal flavors and 8 mainstays. I've tried 10 flavors: fig & goat cheese, Snickerdoodle, strawberries & champagne, Nutella, PB&J, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cake, maple-bacon, Snickers Candy bar and chocolate-covered strawberry. I got 14 macarons - I had to get an extra fig and goat cheese macaron and 2 extra Nutella macarons. I also got a fresh fruit pavlova and a green tea cheesecake. As for the macarons, here's how each ranks:5/5: fig & goat cheese, Nutella, chocolate-covered strawberry4/5: Snickerdoodle, PB&J, Snickers candy bar, maple-bacon bar3/5: strawberries & champagne, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cakeGreen Tea Cheesecake:I love green tea and not a lot of places have green tea cheesecake. The crust is crunchy. The cheesecake is deliciously creamy with a good green tea flavor. It's topped with a thin sesame nougatine and a raspberry. Amazing! 5/5Fresh Fruit Pavlova:A pavlova is a meringue topped with fruits. It's light and crisp. It's like a "healthier" dessert if you will. 5/5They warned me that the birthday cake was really sweet and that I shouldn't get it if I was torn between that and another flavor. Hooray for honesty! The fig & goat cheese macaron sounds a bit unusual but it's actually good since I love goat cheese. Sweet fig + tart goat cheese...yum! Nutella is a no-brainer...it's instant love for me. The strawberries & champagne sounded real good and looks so pretty and dainty but the flavors were mild but really sweet. I think the strawberry flavor needs to be more pronounced. I got lucky to have the last maple-bacon macaron. Score! The service is amazing here. Very friendly and honest. I was holding up the line with all the desserts I got and I felt bad for the people behind me who came in just to pick up 2 items. But one of the girls who was helping me out offered them a cookie so everything was fine and dandy. Sure, the desserts here cost an average of $7 apiece and the macarons are $3.50-4.50 each - the macarons are HUUUUGE though (the size of your palm or about 4 macarons) and the ingredients are of quality. Hello? I don't mind paying for something good. You can actually get $1 off with a Yelp check-in. And if you buy more than 6 macarons, you get 50cents off each additional you buy.I was smiling the whole time I was in the shop like a kid in candy store. My friend who was driving me around even said, "see! It's that smile that makes driving here worth it".
5	Gimme Some Sugar Bake Shop is the most unique dessert experience in town.  Not only do they have yummy macarons in intoxicating flavors but they serve a variety of delicious selections AND have craft beers, wines and bubbly!  The wines are very reasonably priced - actually too good.  You need to go before they realize this and start raising the prices. This place is a great alternative to girls night out and a perfect place for an after dinner drink and dessert or a date night.
5	I think the name of their shop is my catch phrase!  It's also my new favorite place for a treat!We stopped in one evening to fulfill my sweet tooth.   We walked into a contemporary designed shop that is right up my alley.   Beautiful with pops of color from their towering cake designs.   We were helped by an amazing lady with eagerness and personality beyond compare.  She informed us about this wonderful little shop with tidbits about their items.   We decided on the vanilla bean cheesecake and tiramisu.  I didn't plan on getting a macaron because here's the kicker...  I've never had one before.  Crazy?  Yes, I must have been.  Upon mentioning this to her she threw in one for free for me to try.  How nice is that?! We didn't stay there to eat our treats but rushed home to try them all.  Insanely great is all I can say about the macaron.  Being a macaron virgin, I can't compare it to anyone else.  I will say it was one of the best desserts I had ever had.   The light and airiness that surrounded the filling touched every taste bud with extreme delight!As for the other desserts, fabulous as well.  They went way above the competition.  The cheesecake was creamy with the vanilla bean infused flavor.  Yum.  Tiramisu is another favorite treat of mine that they have also perfected.  They have their mastered their craft here.With the utmost top customer service, clean contemporary shop and fabulous desserts, I just don't know if it can get any better than this.
5	There has been a lot of attention for this new bakery off of Stephanie and the 215 and I'll quickly chime in to add my experience with them.We visited the weekend they first opened and things were still new, kinks were still being worked out.  However, I did enjoy that first visit with the tasty pumpkin cheesecake.  A month later, I ordered a custom birthday cake for good friend, Shirley B., who's a big fan of Gimme Some Sugar.  I e-mailed GSS with my requests for a cake with a Hello Kitty and SF 49er theme because those are two of Shirley B.'s favorite things.  Ashley responded promptly and we coordinated on the details.  The resulting birthday cake was just the thing and the surprised look on Shirley's face when we presented the cake at her birthday dinner was priceless; she loved it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gimme-some-sugar-henderson-3?userid=7Oe6ikklTjVBbEFw9emLcA#xMTMOVBqAc0YKsVJaeUGEAFirst-rate customer service from the beginning to the end with Ashley and her shop.  That is a rare thing indeed and I give them five stars all the way for filling the order above and beyond.  I'm a fan and we'll definitely be giving GSS more business in the future.
4	In the midst of studying, I just really wanted something rich and chocolatey. After doing a yelp search for something open late-ish at night, and I came across this place and decided to give it a try. I got the opera cake, which is chocolatey, with coffee and Kahlua - a fabulously rich cake! If it were just a little bit less sweet, it would have been perfect. Their coffee is pretty good too.The decor is really cute too. There are all these tower cakes on the wall. I'm not sure if they're real or not, but they look delicious.The person working there was also super friendly, and provided some great recommendations.It's a little bit pricey in my opinion. A slice of cake was $7. Although, I was eyeballing some macarons (not macaroons) that were a large size for their price - and there were some interesting sounding flavors. At other places I've seen some that are half the size for almost the same price. Maybe I'll try those next time.It looks like they also have wine and champagne, but as I was going as a study break, I didn't think that would be a good idea.Hit the spot for my dessert craving. Maybe I'll visit again when I'm in need of something sweet.
4	I never thought of myself as being "spoiled"  living in LA, but finding amazing food has been quite the challenge since I've been staying here in Henderson. While trying to replace my fantastic baker in Whittier i found this Trendy desert bar looking place that almost looked out of place in its strip mall (should prob be on the strip). the girl working there was nice, super helpful, knowledgeable about the place and the stuff in it, so 2 stars for that. The macaroons were great so a star for that, and 1 star because I'm eager to come back. I didnt get to try the cupcakes since they have different types daily and they had some weird ones today(vegan, peanut something, something else fancy).
5	Holy crap this place is perfection! I don't even remember all that I ate but my life has been complete since those perfect morsels touched my tongue. From the staff/chefs to the pastries... I can't even finish that sentence because that's how perfect it was, there are no words to truly fit.Here's a poem for Gimme Some Sugar straight from my heart because they bake from their heart:I had a sweet toothAnd needed a quick fixSomething much more sophisticatedThan my usual bowl of TrixMaybe some cake?Or a pie like a moon?No something fit for a queenA giant macaroon!Hot diggity dog,I'm glad this place exists!It's more than I deserveMuch like my Christmas list.If you're looking for the perfect treatThat's made fresh for a special him or herThe place you need to goIs to Gimme Some Sugar!
4	It was my Birthday so I said I'm definitely having some sweets today. I saw this place on some of my Instagram friends page and it looked so good. We got there later in the evening and it was a ghost town. We were greeted by the woman behind the counter who helped describe all of the goodies behind the glass. It was a tough decision  so we went with 6 macaroons(you get .50 off if you buy 6). The woman also gave us an extra since there was a broken one in the case. I also had a cupcake, it tasted like banana bread with frosting and candied bacon on top. It was delightful! So many more things to try so I will be back.
4	Thanks Bethany E. for recommending Gimme Some Sugar. Located in a strip center in Henderson where parking was no issue.I happened to be in the area so I made it a point to stop in and check out the larger then norm macarons. I purchased two macarons - peanut butter and blueberry. Being a huge peanut butter fan I favored the peanut butter and thought the blueberry was on the overly sweet side. I also returned another day and tried the berry mascarpone but was disappointed the outer layer was on the hard side.Besides individual desserts I saw some of the custom cakes they make and was blown away by the creativity of the dessert chef here. If you're in the area stop in for a macaron  -  compared to a LV Blvd bakery they are a real bargain.
4	Even though I wasn't able to have  Gimme Some Sugar make my wedding cake I knew that I wanted to stop by their new bake shoppe while I was in Vegas. My husband and I were not disappointed. The opera cake is a must! I even picked up a few gifts for family while I was there and was told that the birthday cake macaroon was AMAZING!
4	Such a fun place. Tried a brownie and a snickerdoodle. Super yummy. Can't wait to come back on a date night. Craft beer and wine pairings with fancy desserts? Yes please!
5	Gimme Some Sugar does it all!My fiance and I had our first experience with GSS for our wedding cake tasting. We met with Ashley and she was a delight. She was so upbeat and genuine. She seemed as excited as we were. She had some great selections for us and was oepn to each of our ideas. The cakes themself are just amazing, They are light and the fillings are delicious. You can tell that Ashley and Kristen love what they do. The Mrs. then surprised me with my very own themed birthday cake!! It looked amazing and tasted twice as good as the design came out. Our group of people were astonished at how good it was. We ate the entire thing! The wedding is two months away now and we cannot wait to see how our cake is going to look, we already know how great it is going to taste. Being that my fiance and I live in Henderson and had such a wonderful experience with them for the tasting we were anxious to find out that they were opening The Bake Shoppe. This meant that we could get our hands on their treats ANYTIME WE WANTED!They have put together one of our favorite late night hang outs. The Mrs. goes there for the wine and i can't get enough of their Macarons. They have mastered the art of making them. We drop by every time we see that they have come out with a new combination and we truly enjoy stopping by after a great dinner. We don't even bother with ordering desserts from whatever restaurant we ate at!They have a great set up. The music, the environment, the drinks and desserts. I am love this place and love them! Gimme Some Sugar is a must for everyone!
5	My God. Those are damn good macaroons. I stopped here today to see what Gimme Some Sugar had and I just couldn't stop myself from buying 4...but was told if I bought 6, I'd get $0.50 off each macaroon. OK! - I'll take 6 then. AND I got a dollar off for visiting the first time and checking in on Yelp. - Thanks Yelp!  $21 later I'm driving home and wondering how I'm going to eat all these ginormous King Kong sized macaroons... I'm going to try my best, dammit!
5	This place is amazing! The whole family ordered something different so it was good to have a bite of everything! We had a snicker doodle cookie, it was a million times better than I have ever made! A dirt cup that was so sweet I was grateful for the size. Birthday cake, mocha and snickers macaroons, I'm not sure what my favorite was. They were all so unique and delicious! A rice crispy treat with a thick layer of Carmel on top drizzled and dipped in chocolate..Amazing! I was really impressed with this place and will definitely recommend and return!
4	I love how cute and funky this little bakery is.  I got a chocolate chip and snickerdoodle cookie and a snickerdoodle macaroon.  I loved how chewy the cookies were.  The macaroon was good but really sweet and I could only have half of it. The cashier was wonderful,  very upbeat and answered all my questions. I will definitely be back to try more.
5	I was introduced to macarons by a work friend and my sweet tooth was craving them badly. A quick search on yelp showed me this place with highest reviews, so I went. Its located on Stephanie and 215, and it could be hard to find. Just look for a laser tag and miniature golf plaza and its located on the right side.I got three different things; two fig and goat cheese macaron, one mint and chocolate and one snicker doodle cupcake (see pics). All of them were delicious, specially the fig & goat cheese macaron. The cupcake was moist and the frosting just melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend checking out this place if you are craving something sweet.
5	They're terrible! After having one of their macarons for the first time I craved one until two weeks later when my husband brought some home! ;)In all seriousness, I love this place. The decor is really cute and welcoming, and the staff is very friendly. I've tasted the Nutella, fruit loops, and birthday cake macarons and all were perfect. They're kind of tucked away off the 215 and Stephanie near golds gym (which is where a lot of their business when I was in there came from! :), but they're worth the trip for some delicious sweets or if you're wanting a cake that looks more like a work of art.
5	This place is so impressive.  All of the desserts look like a work of art, and they taste fantastic.  Lots of interesting flavor combinations with the cupcakes and macarons.  The coffee is REALLY good, and the service is great, too.  I recommend them for any occasion!
5	Had an appointment for a cake tasting today and my experience was wonderful. I can't wait to see how my birthday cake turns out.
5	Found this place via word of mouth from a reputable foodie source. Needless to say, this place is AMAZING. They have it all...hand made pastries and cakes, hot beverages, and both wine and beer. Very sexy, chic, and original. Love the concept...it's like a boutique bar and coffee/pastry shop in one. Music bumping. Eye-candy all around. Staff is super friendly, fun and knowledgable. Their cakes are masterfully done and awe-inspiring! Real craftsmanship and dedication that is evident in every bite. The dessert and wine parings are quite impressive. Some recommendations include the French macarons (Mac-a-ron, not mac-a-roon...there's a difference! These things are ginormous and come in dozens of flavors), opera cake (Kahlua and dark chocolate), fruit pavlova (meringue), the vegan cookies (trust me...these are to die for), and the chambord mousse domes (unreal! Chocolate-chambord mousse, something crispy and a chocolate brownie). The best thing is how humble they are. This place (I later found out) caters to A-listers 24/7...like you've likely seen pics of their products in magazines or on TMZ (birthday cakes galore for Hollywood...the Kardashians, Lil Wayne, Paris Hilton, Puff Daddy, Nelly, athletes...etc.), but they are still the most down to earth and professional pastry masters in the game!
5	This is the first dessert place that I can honestly give a super strong 5 stars to.  So good.  I have been there a handful of times... Every time I go, the desserts are decadent, amazing, divine.  I could go on and on about what I ate but honestly, you have to eat them to understand.  Just a note: I am a chocoholic so most everything I have ordered has been chocolate.  That being said, their caramel is crazy good.  They make it themselves and if you can find something with caramel on it, I would recommend it.  They know what they are doing and actually put out amazing desserts.  The service is fantastic, too.  The nice lady behind the counter actually remembered me and made reference to what I had ordered before.  Hope they stay in business for a long time... at least as long as I live in the area!
3	Gave this place a try today. My daughter had the Nutella macaroon and I had the peanut butter blondie. The macaroon was a five, but the blondie was really dry. Good flavor though. I would still recommend this place and will be back to try something else. Everyone has a bad blondie day every now and then, right?
4	If you are a macaroon lover this is the place to be.  I just realized im not really into macaroons but this bakery offers the best I've ever tasted. They are a bit oversized so get ready to indulge in a rich, sweet pastry. I ordered the nutella macaroon, snickerdoodle, thin mint and birthday cake.. the nutella macaroon was very sweet and rich.. nonetheless it was still good. The ambience of this place was gorgeous very girly and sophisticated. Theyre open til midnight so if you wanna lounge with your gals you can do so !
5	This place is so beautiful!  Very chic.  The display cakes are jaw-dropping.  They do cakes for celebrities, so you will not be disappointed in the cake design!I love the cheesecake and macarons.  They're giant!  My personal favorite was probably the mint chocolate one, the one where they put an entire Girl Scout cookie inside.They're open very late, so you'll love it if you get a late night sweet craving.  And they serve wine!  Great for a ladies' night out, or date night!Brenda is super sweet and helpful!
5	I can't believe I have lived a mile away from Gimme Some Sugar for over three years and never stopped by for a treat. Shame, shame, shame on me.When I did some research on the "Bake Shoppe" in the shopping center near the 215, I found out it was a well known bakery, so I immediately went to their website and researched whether or not they had gluten free options. On their site they said they had gluten free options, and I saw a couple reviews on Yelp only mentioning their gluten free brownies. However, when I went onto their Facebook page and asked about gluten free options, they immediately replied and told me most of their Macarons are safe for me to eat. I almost immediately jumped into the car and headed over to their shoppe. When we got there, we tried their gluten free brownie with nuts and onr Macarons: PB&J. I was worried that the Macaron was going to be too sweet and put me into sugar shock. Not even. Perfectly balanced. Sometimes gluten free baked goods can be dry, overly sweet, grainy and disappointing. When I eat a baked good that tastes like peanut butter and jelly and brings me comfort like only that kind of sandwich I can, I knew everything else was going to be great. Even though the brownie was dense, it was like a delicious flourless chocolate cake with a rich ganache. I coudn't eat it all at once, but that's what made it so delicious. The brownie (since it was huge) lasted me three days which is the way to eat baked goods!Also, I found out that you can have parties there with friends, wine and pre-ordered Macarons. The shoppe is swanky and classy with just a bit of an edge, and after telling my friends about how delicious everything was we will be planning a fun ladies night there too. Stop on by, try the Macarons; they're light, delicious, not painfully sweet and always hit the spot, and I can't wait to stop by there again soon!
2	I gave this place a try based on the glowing reviews and was excited to do so. The ambiance is chic and beautiful. The girl behind the counter was helpful and pleasant enough. The prices were a little on the high side but in keeping with a gourmet bakery. We got 4 cupcakes to go and while they were beautiful to look at, we were disappointed to discover they were all dry and hard. While the cake itself tasted a couple of days old the frosting was fresh so I am not sure if they have a stockpile of cupcakes they frost before putting out or if this is their natural consistency. Either way I am not sure if based on this experience I would give them another try.
4	Went for the first time today and this place is just sooo cute! It's located off 215/Stephanie in the shopping center that Gold's Gym is in. I love that they're open really late, as that's when I get most of my sugar attacks lol. If you look around, you'll see that they have some AMAZING cake designs. They also have a good amount of drink options, coffees and wines yumm.I'll keep updating this everytime I try something new.Tropical tease cake: sweet and tangy and light. LOVED this one. You'll like it if you like mango and passonfruit. Kind of reminds me of the flavor of the mango key lime cheesecake at cheesecake factory but much lighter  $7Chocolate Chambord: rich and creamy and has a strong taste of chambord. I'd like if I tasted a little more raspberry but it was definitely delicious. I think it was a little cake layer at the bottom and covered with mousse $7Chocolate chip cookie: reaaaally chocolatey and rich however the one I got was pretty raw on the inside. My mom has brought some to me before that had an amazing chewyness but not raw so I think I got a bad one today. Definitely not a cakey cookie. Macarons: first of all, these are seriously the size of your palm. Not your typically macaron! twix- chocolate and caramel, whats not to love?I forgot the name  of the second one I tried but it had coconut and chocolate. Extremely delicious but a little heavy so this is not for you if you want a light dessert $4.50The girl that helped me today was reallly sweet and had a great bubbly personality. And my total for today was $26. A little pricey but for the quality of the desserts, it's definitely worth it! Will be back soon! Next on the list: cheesecake, tiramisu, fresh fruit pavlova, fig & goat cheese macaron :)
2	Before placing my order, I was offered 2 samples (banana cheesecake and a blackberry macaron). The macaron texture was appetizing, but the mix of blackberry jam and buttercream filling made the macaron too sweet. I prefer having one filling (ganache, jam, or buttercream). The banana cheesecake was unique and tastey, but I didn't care for the texture of the graham cracker crust. It was chewy instead of crumbly like a proper cheesecake. The items I purchased were a snicker-doodle and chocolate chip cookie, salted caramel cupcake, and a chocolate ganache brownie. The best item by far was the snicker-doodle cookie. It was the only item that wasn't too sweet even with it having cinnamon sugar. The ganache brownie compared more to a chocolate cake and that is what it should have been labeled. It was overly sweet and was nothing like a brownie. The salted caramel cupcake was inedible except for the frosting which earned the star. They should change their name to Too Sweet To Eat.
5	I had a late night craving and my roomie told me about this amazing place that's not to far from our house. Once she mentioned that they had Samoa macaroon's I was SOLD! Upon arrival to the store they have two sides; a merchandise side to swag yourself out in Gimme Some Sugar gear and the bakery side. I arrived 20 minutes till closing and asked the nice lady about the Samoa macaroon's and she told me they were sold out since that morning. I was totally bummed out but then she mentioned a Nutella Macaroon which she gave to me for free. WOW!! That macaroon was amazing! I ended up ordering 5 more to help me satisfy my sugar cravings. All in all I'm a fan and will be back to try their infamous Samoa Macaroon..
3	French macaroons were wayyyy too sweet, and the cheesecake wasn't anything special. Texture on my macaroons were so so, that being said, they get an A for presentation. The most deceptive thing about baking is just that...looks can be deceiving.For the same prices you can have quality at Carlos bakery in the Venetian now, for my Henderson residents!
4	I have one hell of a sweet tooth. I love sweets, and I also love to eat with my eyes. Gimme Some Sugar is one of the very best places I have found for desserts that are both beautiful and delicious.The bakery itself is adorable, with very chic black and white decor. I am not really a fan of the metal chairs they have, they look cool but aren't very comfortable. If possible, sit on the cushy couch in the corner. And it's not JUST a bakery. You can also get wine here!!The staff has always been extremely helpful when I have gone in. On my last visit I was picking up a box of treats to share with some girlfriends and the lady that helped me had so many great suggestions as to what I should get. I ended up with 3 macarons  and 3 cupcakes, all of which my friends raved about later that evening.Personally, I have had and really enjoyed the 'haute' chocolate, the salted caramel cupcake and the arnold palmer macaron. I love that the ladies at GSS are always coming up with new and inventive creations for their bakery case. Where else will you find a fig and goat cheese macaron?! Two things prevent me from giving GSS a 5 star review:1. Bigger isn't always better. I would definitely prefer the macarons if they were smaller. I know that there have been times that GSS has offered smaller macarons, and I wish they'd make that a regular occurrence. 2. They are closed to the public on Mondays.
5	They did our custom Harley wedding cake way back in 2009 and most recently a birthday cake. The skill level is AMAZING and the cake itself is super moist and delicious. Highly recommend!
2	Ah gimme some sugar. Their cakes are amazingly beautiful! I followed them on IG and the constant posts finally convinced me to go in.I was so so disappointed. I'm big on sweets but I didn't enjoy anything here.I tried a berry Marscapone cake, a cake pop, two macarons, a Oreo and pudding diet cup. Oh and my sister had a cupcake.The cake pop was the best thing.The MACARONS had a weird overly sweet whipped cream in them. The cookie part was good but the amount of whipped cream was overwhelming. They are flavored but really don't taste like what they're named because they just taste like whipped cream. Maybe I just got the only two flavors filled with whipped cream. I think it's a cute novelty but it's more like. Crisp whoopie pie or something.The Oreo cookie, pudding, and whipped cream cup with a worm in it wasn't good.The cake was the most disappointing. I think it was close to $8 bucks. It was really small, the thin layer of berry "sauce" on top was so dry that I couldn't get through it with my fork. It was like super thick fruit leather. My sister said her cupcake was good.Overall it was just disappointed. I had so much expectations since they do cakes for Hakasan and stuff but it was just disappointing. The place was very cute and clean but that's all it has going for it in my honest opinion.The service was eh.
5	We love these guys so much that we have all our Henderson client meeting at their shop. Everything I've tried is delicious.
5	I'm a huge fan of a good almond macaron and this place has the best french macaron cookies I have ever had... and they are giant! Like the size of your palm. And they come in tons of crazy creative flavors. Super yum!
5	I've ordered several cakes from Gimme Some Sugar and have not been disappointed! The latest was my daughters baby shower cake; it was elegant and exactly what she wanted. They even molded a beautiful sleeping baby on the top of the cake - everyone was taking pictures. They couldn't get over how beautiful it was. I initially found them after emailing 5 bakeries - they answered immediately - and did exactly what we wanted. I was receiving responses from the other bakeries 2 days later! Ashley at Gimme Some Sugar always responds immediately and I've given her some challenges and she's met every one. Most importantly, the orders were ready on time, looked incredible and tasted awesome. I'd highly recommend!!!!
3	Tried Gimme Some Sugar cause I am a sucker for sweets and anything retro (the decor, mostly). So I stopped in because I heard through the grapevine that they have macarons and they are HUGE.The grapevine did not disappoint. The macarons look delicious and are seriously large - bigger than the palm of my hand. I was super excited to grab some, so I ordered the mint Girl Scout cookie, the caramel and coconut Girl Scout cookie, a s'mores, a Nutella, and another one I can't remember. I was stoked!I brought them home, resisting the urge to devour them in the car. I sat down at my table, opened the box, and was smacked in the face with diabetes. Holy crap were they sweet! Now, I have a serious sweet tooth. I love all things dessert, but these had a sickly-sweet over the top taste that was not very pleasing. I would LOVE a good French macaron, but I can't justify spending nearly $3 a piece for these when you can't even eat a whole one before feeling woozy. (And no, I didn't buy the one with booze in it, either).Now, I didn't try the cakes or desserts in the case, but I would be willing to. I guess the macarons just weren't for me. I will probably be back for some cake though!
4	Super cute inside! A little pricey but what you pay for for fancy treats!  Cookies were soft and yummy!  Service was great, the gal that helped us was super helpful and nice!Will definitely be back to take the rest of the family.  Cute place to take girlfriends.  They have a reverse happy hour for a dessert and drink for $14.And if you order a cookie with ice cream they bake one fresh!
4	I have been looking everywhere for good macrons in Vegas & these are definitely great. Pistachio ones are always my favorite! These are a little too sweet, but they're huge and still good.
5	Very cool place with incredible desserts! The brownie a la mode is out if this world and the berry cheesecake crust is made out of a cookie. Yuuuuuum!!!!
5	I've been here several times for coffee and delicious treats.   Everything has been great!  Service is outstanding, and I like the "vibe" of the place.  They play great music at an appropriate volume.  Good stuff!
4	They had good sweets. Kind of expensive.  Went here with my girlfriend and she got the giant macrons and I had some and it was super sweet
5	I ordered some cookies and cake pops for our wedding and our guests LOVED them, they were delicious and light and a perfect treat for the evening. Can't wait to go back to sample the delights at the shop!
5	The custom cake you made for my Mom's birthday was amazing!!! Not only did it look amazing but it tasted even better. It was truly the hit of the party.
5	Wow that was good. Got the tiramisu in a cup and man I kinda wanted to eat the plastic cup too.  It was awesome! My son got a birthday cake macaron and devoured it.  The crime was fresh and delicious.  What's cool is the laid back atmosphere.  Plus you didn't get the whole uppity feel I've gotten from other pastry shops.  You know the I'm a bad ass cuz I can make a cupcake and it's hot on TV right now.  Overall will be coming back!
3	I went in awhile ago to see what this shop had since I LOVE to bake & am always eager to support my local bakeries. I didnt even get a chance to try the goodies because I was so turned off by the staff. The lady behind the counter seemed like she had an attitude, but hey, maybe I came on an off day. Since I have worked my fair share of customer service jobs I know it can be hard to always be cheerful, but I ended up leaving afterwards. I gave them 3 stars because I would like to come back & actually enjoy the goods. They have great reviews and ill update this when I get a chance to try it again. Im hoping I just came on an off day & that the employees aren't actually that rude.
5	Me and my friend  went on a Thursday night to celebrate her Birthday, she had a dentist appointment that morning so she had to be careful what she ate.We told the lady in charge and she was so helpful and friendly.We got the Brownie chocolate mousse to share and it was delicious, soft and smooth not to sweet. We both loved it.To drink i got a glass of wine and my friend got a latte, I have to add that the lady gave me a sample before i made my choice about  wine, and i only did one because she recommended a really good one.We both loved the decoration and music. Perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine, good dessert and good friends. Thank you Gimme some sugar :)
5	My husband and I love our visits to this place!! We enjoy eating a wide variety of their macarons. The sugar cookies are exactly that flavorful rich taste that we both crave. We also like that they change up their selection regularly.
2	We had a bad experience at Gimme Some Sugar tonight. The server seemed like she was intentionally not helping us. There was a big party in front of us taking a long time to place an order. We waited patiently. After they ordered  the server left for 3 - 5 minutes to get them drinks. We still kept patient and polite. The party decided to move tables. So the server helped them move. Now there was someone in line behind us. It was starting to seem intentional the wy she kept getting distracted. We were not being rude in any way. She then stopped to take a picture of the group. After that she wandered up to the counter, kind of smirking at us. We finally placed our order. We almost left before that. Luckily Gimme Sugar has good macaroons. We have been to the shop many times and have also been treated polietly with respect. This was a bad experience after a great night.
2	Hi Ashley,    Thank you for your response. During the day our experience has been fine. I think your night crew is not as polished. As I said, Gimme Sugar has excellent macaroons! We may be back. We will go during the day though when your service is better :-).Thank you, Austin Gold
5	Finally decided to drop in GSS. My, oh, my...I~~ want to swing on your chandelier...Fancy bake shop! They also serve wine and & beer? Wow...tried their Strawberry Beer...awesome! Pumpkin Cake Pop, bomb! Cheese cakes...(@_@) to die for!!!The staffs greeted us when we came and was patience when we were browsing around looking for what's good to nom nom on. Def be back to try out other flavors of their cheese cake. I'm a huge sucker for cheese cake. One day I would to place an order for a custom cake from them. Would recommend to Friends and Family.
5	I just moved into this area. This cute hidden gem is a great place to catch coffee and a quick desert!!  Brenda was awesome and very personable!!! hours are great too!!! Try it out!!
4	Right when I walked in I was amazed at how gorgeous everything looked! Very chic furniture. And they also had gorgeous display cakes along their wall. The worker there told me and my friend that everything the sell there was made right at their store, pretty neat! There was a lot of different kinds of desserts you could choose from cakes to vegan cookies to macarons. And they have GIANT macarons, kinda pricey at $3.50-$4.50 per macaron might I add. My friend just got the Nutella macaron and it was nothing special, not the best macaron I have had but it was still delicious. I got the fig and goat cheese macaron just because it sounded odd to me and I love to try new things. That day I learned I do not like fig... Or goat cheese. The workers were extremely nice and welcoming. Also on Mondays they are only open by appointment only?
4	I was so excited when my hubby surprised me by taking me to Gimmie Some Sugar! I've been hearing nothing but great things from my fellow Yelpers about this place. I knew when we walked in I wanted a macaroon, but they have several different flavors priced at $4.50 a piece. Gimmie Some Sugar has a pretty good sized menu. They even have pairings with wine and champagne. My husband ordered two cookies one oatmeal raisin and the other was called the "Monster" cookie. It basically was ALL the cookies in one! I finally settled on the strawberry and champagne macaroon and an espresso. The macaroon was super sweet, but balanced with the strong espresso it was perfect. Joel's cookies were moist and sweet as well.  The decor is very inviting. We stayed and ate at a small table. They also have comfy chairs to lounge in too. It's like a really girlie coffee shop, but with fancy desserts! The staff is friendly, but slow. I felt bad for the girl up front cause a line started after we walked in. She had to go in the back and ask the other girl to come up front to ring people up. (I hate to say the second girl was not as friendly as the first. I'm sorry you had your work interrupted, but don't give me a sour puss.)Overall the desserts are totally worth going for! Maybe with a couple more staff members on the weekend Gimmie Some Sugar could really rock! Can't wait to try all their other tasty treats! It's a great place for a date night or even a treat with your friends.
1	I gave one star and it was generous. I was in talking to the front girl about their treats, since I saw them off the highway; and a lady (I'm guessing was the owner) came out and made the girl helping me talk to someone in the phone for a "huge" order. I'm guessing my couple of desserts wasn't important enough. Not to mention they aren't worth the time going in and getting. The cake part was dry and not very flavorful. Not a place I would go back. Rude service and not very good.
4	We used GSS for our wedding.  Their s'mores cake is amazing!  They nailed the design we were looking for--the cake was so beautiful!  I received numerous compliments on the cupcakes as well--everyone said they were delicious.  The only reason they didn't get a 5-star rating is because the cake was difficult to cut through during the cake cutting ceremony.  But flavor-wise everything was on point!!!
5	Put simply - our wedding cake was stunningly beautiful and absolutely delicious. Gimme Some Sugar was such a pleasure to work with in every way possible. We'd highly recommend them to anyone and everyone, especially the discerning/type-A/particular bride.
1	If I could give no stars, I would. In the beginning, there was a lot of confusion and miscommunication. Our caterer for our wedding was paying for our cake but they told gimme some sugar to give me whatever I wanted, no matter the price. Those were his exact words. Well at our tasting we agreed on a certain size cake. Good thing I sent an email just confirming things because gimme some sugar took it upon themselves to downgrade my cake to a smaller size because they felt I didn't need the size I wanted. Then they tried to play it off as if our caterer was the one that decided this, which was completely untrue. But whatever, I put that aside because I was very excited for them to make my cake. Well then comes my wedding day. The cake looks nothing like the picture I gave them. They assured me they could do what I wanted, but it looked like a cheap effort on their part. Then we cut into the cake, and SURPRISE, there was not one flavor that I picked!! I ended up going with red velvet and strawberry shortcake. Want to know what I actually got?! Pumpkin spice and lemon raspberry!!! Hmm interesting. Also, I have a severe nut allergy so what if one of the flavors they put in my cake that I didn't pick, had nuts in it? Clearly they didn't care!! I don't understand how a so called "top rated" bakery can mess up so royally!! Needless to say I will never be doing business with them again. And I will be sure to warn others. I know they make celebrity cakes, so maybe I just wasn't high profile enough? Well thank you gimme some sugar, for completely ruining my wedding cake! And another shocker, no response from gimme some sugar yet as to my dissatisfaction. They apologized to our caterer first, because you know, it was only OUR wedding. Basically they made up a bunch of excuses to cover their tracks. The only problem was their excuses didn't make sense, and when I came back with evidence that they were making things up to make themselves look better, they didn't really have anything to say.
5	Absolutely amazing. This is honestly the cutest little place ever!!! I took my husband here for dessert on his birthday and he loved it
5	Absolutely love this place! The macaroons are delicious the ambiance is great and the staff is very nice!!! Definitely recommend when you're craving something sweet.
4	They did an amazing job on a cake I ordered for my husband's birthday last year (I know this review is long over due). I ordered an exact replica of the Kellogg's Frosted Flakes cereal box and came to GSS because they're notorious for their cakes. They do all the big celebrity cakes for nightclub appearances and more. I knew they would do a great job but I was shocked at how close to the actual cereal box the cake looked. Their work is very clean! They even placed the cake on a nicely decorated display board. For the flavor I chose the cookies n' cream and it was better when it was room temperature then straight out of the fridge. I love how the cake was dense but do wish it was more moist and rich.
5	Not only do they have really good baked goods, their coffee is solid. I'm enjoying an almond latte. This place has ambience, comfy seating, friendly staff and good wifi. What else could you possibly want from a cafe? Gonna make this a regular place.
5	Been coming here for awhile now, and I was also here for a soft opening or grand opening?? The inside and cake displays are amazing and very creative. Definitely worth the drive from the west side NV to Henderson. Thy best opera cake!!! This is the place for good sweets. Here they have a whole stand just for macaroons and cupcakes . Assorted flavor and some seasonal macaroons, there is always something new to try.
1	All sugar, no flavor. Tried this place out about a month ago. Quaint decor, nice ambiance. Ordered a snickers and pumpkin macaroon. We each took one bite and literally left. It was all sugar. Disappointing.
3	I've been wanting to try this bakery, but we normally are not around these parts. We come for a friends housewarming which is very close by so we decided to bring treats for our hosts.We decided on cupcakes so that we can get a bunch for the guests as well. There were 3 flavors so we got a dozen with several of each - chocolate, a vanilla with sprinkles and a cookies and cream. People seemed to like the cupcakes. I ate a cookies and cream and liked the frosting, but the cupcake could have been more moist for my taste. I love french macarons, so I had to try theirs. I liked the fact they had some lovely flavors, but the texture of it and proportions threw it off. It's large whoopie pie sized and so the thickness made the crisp outer layer a bit thick and inside was cakey. I really enjoyed the flavor of the fig and cheese though. Bigger isn't always better as it is the delicate play of textures that I love. It's not bad, it's just not a macaron in the French technique sense of the word. You may love this, but it was not for me.I think that theres probably some good treats here that are my preference, but so far what I've tried was just decent. I'll probably try some of the cakes in the fridge display next time I'm visiting the same friends in this area.
5	First of all, the inside is super clean and organized. They have beautiful cakes on the walls where you can see their talent. The ladies working there were also very fun and bubbly and were a pleasure to talk to. I was just there to pick up my birthday cake and WOW was I impressed! It was absolutely gorgeous and EXACTLY what I wanted! I will definitely come back and order more goodies!
5	When in the mood for great dessert, this is the place. The great part is a majority of their desserts are Gluten free. If undecided on what to get, you cannot go wrong with any of the macaroons, they are the best in town!!!!! Also the cakes that they are designing are out of this world. And don't be scared of the vegan chocolate chip cookie it is amazing. Everything is fresh and no preservatives, so don't be mad if they sell out of something and don't have back ups. Also they carry a large selection of wines. High quality, great taste, can't go wrong.
3	Boyfriend brought a box of assorted goodies home but everything seemed to taste the same and I guess it was too sugary and you couldn't tell the difference between each dessert since the sugar overpowered the flavors
5	Went to this business a few months ago for a cake and was really delicious done a great job and hit the nail on the head with the design of the cake as well as the flavor and was also done on time for my birthday party for my little girl cake tasted amazing went back there again today for some cookies and cake pops and they were amazing of course will definitely recommend this company to all my friends
