5	Cute little local place for a snow cnocone, they have 100 different flavors. It's a great place to hangout on a hot days. Kiddie size goes a long way, because the flavors are on th sweet sides.
5	I think our family has forgone ice cream in favor of snowballs.we absolutely love visiting all of their locations in Rock Hill, Fort Mill and York.we have even driven out of the way to visit the University location.the flavors are amazing and authentic, and the staff will give you suggestions as to their bestsellers. Our family's personal favorites are Creamsicle and butterscotch, but Nectar with cream is not far behind on the list.surprisingly cotton candy is also a really good flavor. The hurricane snowball is also not to be missed.plan on getting a size larger than you anticipate, because you'll definitely want more.  Lastly, if you like to go for snoballs then you definitely want to buy pelican bucks. .for $20 you can buy $25 worth of Pelican bucks in coins.that's like a free snowball or 2.
5	I think this place is great! There is more than 100 flavored so every time I go there I get a new one! It is great for a hot summer day or after the pool. All seating is outside but while you wait for your snowball you can play chess, corn hole, hula hoop, blow bubbles, or draw with sidewalk chalk. I think this is a cute little place and I hope you go there!
5	We love this place. The shaved ice is just like snow. Then you get to choose from over 100 different favors. Kids - $1.75Medium - $2.25Large - $3.00Avalanche - $4.00All seating is outdoors. They have sidewalk caulk, hoola-hoops, cornhole, chess, checkers & bubbles for the kids. Great family atmosphere.  There is always a line but they move pretty fast. Opened from noon - 9pm daily. We strongly recommend this place.
5	Fun place on a warm summer night.We tried the sour cherry, tiger blood and sour apple and they were great.  There are tons of flavors to try.Lines can get long at times but it's worth it,
5	Best "snow cone" I've ever had! Had flavor throughout the entire thing. I take my son here after school sometimes and we have never tried a flavor that we didn't like! Also, the doggie treat snoBalls are awesome & only $1. Our dog LOVED the peanut butter one! We will definitely keep coming here and I highly recommend this place!
