4	These guys did some customized work on a car I recently bought from a dealership.  When I noticed a very minor issue with the appearance of the navigational system in my car, I went into their shop to see about getting it fixed.  They were extremely fast and courteous.  I didn't have to make an appointment, just stopped in and they took the car in immediately to take a look.  They fixed the very minor issue and I was out the door in no more then ten minutes.  No questions, no cost.  These guys stand by their work.
5	These guys are awesome. The sun shade that covers my sun roof (which they did not install) had come off the track. Dave fixed it very quickly and noticed that the glass was deglazing and looked it up and it had been recalled. Immediately replaced it with a temporary glass and ordered a new one for me. The new glass came in 2 days later, returned and he installed it in 30 minutes and I was out the door. Did not charge me a dime for anything! Highly recommend them!
5	Fantastic.  Awesome.  Wonderful.After a visit to a dealership (*cough* Town & Crook Toyota *cough*) about the leaky sunroof on my 4runner, I vowed that if I couldn't find a fix for it that cost less than the  $850 I was quoted, I was just going to put duct tape over the damn thing.  And after being jerked around at the dealership, I would have just put plywood over the hole in the roof rather than give Toyota a dime.  Enter Auto Toyz. I made a call and brought it up for them to check out.  Dan (the MAN), looked it over (and fixed the additional damage that the dealership had done) and gave me a quote that was $500 less than what Toyota wanted (exact same part).  Previously, Dan owned Charlotte Sunroofs, so he knows what's what.  He gave me a quote for a Charlotte sunroof and a lower quote for the sunroof to be ordered, and I had no problem waiting since he had patched it up pretty good for me during the estimate process.  Sunroof arrived, Dan called and said he was ready to install.  An appointment was made for 2 days later.  I had a free afternoon pop up the day before the appointment (less than 18 hours after the sunroof arrived) and called to see if they could squeeze me in and he said to bring it up and he would get it done.  45 minutes later, I had a brand new, functioning, leak-free sunroof.  And did I mention that it was FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS LESS than the dealership?!Auto Toyz also does leather interior, electronics, tinting and truck accessories.  Everyone I dealt with was polite and efficient, and the quotes that I heard while standing around on my two trips all seemed beyond reasonable.  All I can vouch for is the sunroof service, but I recommend that 100%, I would give Dan more stars if I could.
