5	Dr. Koagedal is professional, compassionate and accommodating.  I have been suffering insomnia for years and he has helped me improve my sleep.  I recommend him highly!Sleepless in San Francisco
5	This was my first time receiving acupuncture.  From the moment I walked in I felt relaxed.  The office is decorated very zen like which really set the mood.  The receptionist Mary was seriously the sweetest and made me feel so welcome.  Dr. Koagedal was amazing.  He took the time to listen to my concerns.  The treatment was so relaxing I didn't want it to end.  I felt fantastic after.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm so happy I found Dr. Robert Koagedal!! It's a very relaxing and zen environment when you walk in. I never have to wait and it always makes me feel like a priority!  He's there one on one to actually listen and address your concerns. It's always hard for me to relax since I'm used to being on the go with my 2 year old but when I come for a session he makes it easy to relax and wind down. I also love that he works with infertility doctors!! I would highly recommend him!!
5	In 2012, a few years into my infertility journey, a friend told me about Robert and Acuhealth.  I was in a really bad place, feeling like I was never going to have a baby.  2 infertility doctors in the valley had given me a less than 2% chance of ever conceiving a baby with my own eggs and carrying to term due to low ovarian reserve (too few eggs, all of which were low quality.) I was coming off my 3rd failed IVF and I was taking a break from infertility treatments because I just couldn't do it anymore.  I was broken.  My IVF cycles had never even made it to retrieval - that was the reality of the poor quality of my eggs. I wasn't even responding to the high-dose IVF meds, which were running me about $10,000 per cycle. I did some research and started to see a correlation between Eastern medicine and success with infertility treatements so I decided to book an appointment.  It is the best decision I ever made.  For the next 6 months, I had weekly infertility-focused acupuncture.  It is vital, when seeking acupuncture treatment for infertility, to see a professional who is trained and understands the treatment of infertility.  Robert has extensive training and spent a lot of time in China learning his techniques. In addition, and this is the most important part, I followed Robert's nutrition recommendations.  I went on a totally organic diet, eliminated all wheat, gluten, sugar and any other processed foods.  I was on a completely whole food, organic eating plan to help my body get into optimum health - not only my body, but my eggs as well.  I only drank unpasturized milk and ate fresh, unpasturized eggs.  Nothing came out of a box, can or package.  Nothing.  It wasn't easy, but I was committed and felt like this was my last shot.  If 3 IVF cycles couldn't get me a baby, maybe this would. I was almost 39 and my personal cutoff was 40.  If I wasn't pregnant by 40, then being a mother was not in my cards.After 6 months of clean eating and the weekly acupuncture treatments, I saw a new fertility doctor who confirmed my chances of conceiving were near zero and I needed an egg donor.  I asked him if we could try one more cycle - we decided to do the Clomid Challenge.  As most in the infertility community know, Clomid isn't a very strong fertility drug.  It stimulates your own hormones to produce eggs, instead of using fake hormones, as in IVF. It's pretty much the lowest level of infertility treatment given but the purpose was to see if I would even have a response. From there, we would discuss what to do next - donor eggs or another IVF cycle.After 5 days of Clomid (and continuing my acupuncture treatments and eating plan,) an ultrasound revealed that I had produced 1 egg.  The doctor recommended IUI (artificial insemination) but was very clear that my expectations should be low because the chances of this working were so slim.  As I told the doctor, it only takes one egg. 2 weeks later, I had my first ever positive pregnancy test.  The RE was clear the chances of getting that baby to term were very low - I believe he said the chances were like, "Hitting a golf ball from here to the moon." Through the first trimester, I continued weekly acupuncture treatments with Robert to help reduce the chances of miscarriage (and, I want to add, I had zero morning sickness.  Personally, I attribute that to the acupuncture.)On February 20, 2013, my miracle baby boy was born 3 weeks shy of his due date.  He was perfectly healthy.  I am 100% convinced that Robert is the reason I have my baby.  There is absolutely no question in my mind.  The other reviews are correct - the office is serene, peaceful and relaxing.  Robert is so in touch and so supportive, but he's also realistic and doesn't tell you anything that isn't true, even if it's not what you want to hear.  All of that aside, he healed my body and my eggs.  I am forever grateful for Robert.  As infertility patients, we spent thousands of dollars per IVF cycle, inject ourselves with vials upon vials of fake hormones and put all of our faith in our fertility doctors.  Why not try this?  Why not commit a few months to bettering your health and your piece of mind?  Acupuncture is so relaxing and I never felt better than when I was eating according to his guidelines.  The way I looked at it, if I was willing to do all of these other invasive things to have a baby, why not also do something that was good for my heart, body and soul?  Even if it didn't work, I knew I would come out of it in better health.I can't promise anyone this will be their path to a baby.  However, I will tell you that it worked for me and I truly believe in the work Robert is doing.  He is a miracle worker - plain and simple and he brought my miracle to life.  I am forever grateful to him.  Thank you Robert - thank you for giving me my baby.
5	The best place for acupuncture! My husband starting to go several years ago and raved about Robert and how he cured his allergies. I started going to reduce stress, eliminate allergies, and balance my hormones. He did not disappoint! During the process we even were pleasantly surprised to discover that we were expecting a baby and I know Robert helped prepare my body. My 39th week of pregnancy, I came to Robert to initiate the birthing process and see if my body was ready to deliver. He asked me how hard I wanted to 'shake the tree' and I said just a little. We laughed and I said I don't want the baby coming in the next hour. Within 24 hours, I went into labor. It was perfect timing and my natural delivery went very well. Thank you Robert for your professionalism and expertise.
