4	the guy is friendly. the people before me were chatting it up and it was obvious they knew the guy well. i liked that. i didnt mind waiting while they took their time. he was honest and informative when i asked about using boxes to ship internationally. i could use my own but its not by certain standards and are not guaranteed if the contents are damaged. thats why his boxes are a little more expensive but they have insurance and durability for the trip.
1	Overall, I was very disappointed with my experience at this location.  When I used to live in Henderson, the PostNet on Horizon had AMAZING customer service.  I went in today for a passport picture which seems easy enough.  When I got to the post office to submit my application, I was told that my application would be rejected because I looked "naked," and that the company that took my picture should have be aware of that.  The lady at the post office said that PostNet clearly made the mistake and that they should give me a refund.  I had to drive all the way back to get my picture retaken and the owner made me pay for half of the cost of a new picture.  I paid $17 today for passport pictures and that is a bit ridiculous.  I didn't even want the first set taken because what do I need them for?  I definitely will not be back to this location.  And ladies, if you take a passport picture, make sure you aren't wearing a tube top!  It's apparently a no-no and I found that out the hard way!
4	Very friendly and helpful staff!
4	Fast and friendly service. I needed to print some stuff out quickly yesterday and found this place close by through my trusty Yelp app. We arrived and they lead me to their computer and I was in and out in 5 minutes. Very convenient.
1	This place is a complete and utter rip off and they don't even care.  The girl who helped me was short and sassy which I would expect the opposite of with such a hefty price tag. I shipped one package to San Diego without insurance without tracking as slow as possible and they charged $20!!!!! Plus $4 for the box! I had mailed three boxes of the same size AND bought boxes for them to go inside for the SAME price. COMPLETE RIP OFF
1	Went to ship an item and they straight away shipped via fed ex. Most expensive. I didn't care since I looked at the receipt when I got home. Oh well. Them realized that it was the slowest method too. Usps would have got the old there for less and faster. Not a good business practice.  Please be aware and ask for shipping options or you will be stuck in a situation like I was. Good luck.
1	I hate coming here! The only time I do is to drop off a package, something that takes as little as 30 seconds. In that short amount of time, the people that work here always make it an uncomfortable experience for me. The Latina looking woman ALWAYS makes me feel like I'm making her do a chore that she can't be bothered with! She makes no eye contact, no greetings or smiles and gives short, one word answers. If she can answer a question by pointing somewhere and not saying anything, she WILL and she DOES. Once she lazily hands me over my receipt without saying a word to me, she goes back into her corner and back on her phone. And the older white man that works there too is slightly better than her, but still pretty bad. He also acts like he can't be bothered with simple questions and requests. I'm sorry I ruined your day by coming into your store and giving you business!Since this is the closest store to me that I can drop off my packages too, I still come despite the attitudes I get inside. Now I come in prepared knowing what to expect, and brace myself for 30 seconds of the worst customer service!
1	Horrible place $3.5 dollars to use the computer so I can print 1 single paper, because they don't have an email address or WiFi, who doesn't have WiFi or an email address at their business it is 2015. Rip off. Don't go there.
