1	Unreliable communication regarding pricing for eye exams.I made an appointment for my husband, and on the phone, asked very specifically about pricing. I was told $94 for an exam for contacts.  I asked if there were any other kinds of charges, anything I should be aware of.  The man on the phone said- "No, just $94 for a contact exam and that includes a prescription for glasses.  There are no other charges."Today, my husband went in for the exam. Somehow the $94 magically turned into $250 with multiple add-ons and higher base price for a contact exam.  (he declined the eye appt)We won't be back and will not recommend.  We've been to LenCrafters for eye exams in different cities over the years and have never run into this before.
5	I'm all about reviews with no fluff, so here it goes... This location is hands down the best location in Las Vegas. Every single employee is helpful, polite and well informed. They never make me feel like I'm an inconvenience when I come in for adjustments. The mall loctions always snub me or half ass my adjustments. At this location I'm always treated like a paying customer.
1	Do not trust their time commitments.  Bought glasses at 6:45 pm.  The then told they would not be available until 10:30 the next day. I show up at 10:30 the next day.  "We need 90 minutes".  Needed glasses for work at 11:30
3	I couldn't believe how fast I got in and out for them to put some new nose pads on my glasses.   Thanks Lens Crafters!
2	This is a warning for those just wanting an eye exam.They will slyly say that you need to check your Optomap Retinals.....it is an exam that costs $44. I wish I knew that before agreeing to have it tested. All I wanted was to check if my Rx changed within the past two years! My credit card was swiped and done for. Also does anyone actually get their glasses from them? Prices on frames seem a little out-of-whack.
1	Went to this location for two years and had a horrible experience.  The doctors were ruid and they didn't understand my insurance and overbilled me.  On my last appointment, I was less than five minutes late and they made me wait for 45 minutes.  It wasn't until I said that I was leaving that conveniently they stated they were about to take me in for my appointment.
1	Disclaimer: I had my phone stolen during my appointment, so, my review may be a tad biased.Yes, someone freaking stole my phone while I had my eyes dilated.  Humanity sucks.This store was packed with very few places to sit and wait for an appointment.  This resulted in a lot of people and kids just milling around, stealing phones (I guess).  It was not a comfortable setup.When I checked in, I got the hard sell on Optomap.  Dilation is free and Optomap is $60.  They seriously would not relent even when I stressed that I wanted dilation.  The optometrist was fine and told me that I should be dilated (duh).Once the appointment was over, no one helped me while I was trying to pick out frames.  No one. However, they have a nice selection and I found the perfect frames.  Once I paid, I was told to come back that night to pickup my order.  I went back and they said to come back the next day.  Annoying and unprofessional.When I got my frames and lenses, which came to over $300 (!!!), I didn't even get the right glasses case - it was for another brand.  AND, they didn't even give me a wiping cloth or cleaning solution.  So, overall, I ended up losing over $1,000 by coming to Lenscrafters (glasses + appointment + stolen phone).  This place sucks. I hate myself for going there.
5	I drove over my RayBans with my wife's care.  Took them into this store and they actually repaired them.  At no charge!
1	I am very disappointed in the communication this location has. I thought that by me telling them exactly what I needed and bringing my prescription down to them, they knew exactly what I needed. My insurance covered all of the first $150.00 and then I was to cover the rest. I spoke with Jamie originally and she told me that I would have to pay 25.00 per box and that was for the same ones I had with the other Eye doctor. That it would take 3-5 business days to get them. Pain to wait but its fine. I ended up getting a years supply and paying the remaining 50$ my Insurance did not cover. Little to my knowledge it was the wrong contacts. After waiting for the week to get the contacts in they were the wrong kind. So pretty much frustrated that she did not get the order correct. No big deal , I will call and have them fix the mistake THEY made. I called today ( 8/24/2012) spoke with April very polite and helpful said we will order them for you and then in ANOTHER 3-5 business days I will call you and we will switch them out for you. NO PROBLEM. I thanked her and that was it. Planning to use my glasses for another week. But happy they fix THEIR FAULT. I continue on with my day. To get a call back from Lens Crafters with a message that said. " I was returning your call in regards to contacts." I already thought it was resolved. LOSS COMMUNICATION AGAIN... I call them back for JAMIE to say well there is an additional $ 12.00 per box x 8 boxes you will need to pay $ 96.00 before we can order them..... I thought APRIL fixed it. That wasn't the case. I told Jamie that I would be by to drop off the contacts I waited for and to refund my insurance and my 50$ I originally put into it. VERY FRUSTERATED AND CONFUSED. Where is a manager and why aren't these people trained correctly in the first place. I don't recommend them at all.
1	Unethical and CONNIVING . CLoaked in "OUR POLICY" I called around for a contact lense exam and they looked up my insurance and qouted me a price. THen I get there very polite while they add on overpriced unnecessary add ons. Stating theses yearly exams are specific and necessary , which they are not thats why not all exams have them. They get you in and add on like a CAR SALESMAN preying on the naive and uninformed.100 dollars more for a fitting , astigmatism fitting. I have been wearing and paying extra for astigmatism for 25 years. The Dr. does not do anything special checks the power of your eyes, measures the size you need and thats it.. The "fitting" for 100$   is simply " try these contacts how do they feel good?" ok fitting is over.. 100$ for 30 sec? SHAME on you Dr ...SHAME!  Unethical  and conniving!
1	I recently got an eye exam - as an engineer I spend hours on the computer and was due for a new pair.   Just relocated to Vegas and have gone to other Lenscrafters so I started my serach here. I spent ~20 minutes trying on frames in this store.  (I will say, they had a decent selection.  That is only positive note of my experience).  Upon walking out of the store, the manager ran out after me and said "We just called the police, and have you on camera, I wouldn't go anywhere".  HUH?!? WHAT? I was dumbfounded.  Apparently "someone" said they saw me put a bunch of frames in my bag.  I opened it for her and it contained:  my wallet, my cell phone, my car keys, and my own pair of $5 sunglasses.  I am not a thief.  Just a girl trying to shop for glasses.If being called a thief in front of the 15 or so people in the store isn't bad enough, I actually had to go back in and ASK for an apology.  They said they've had a run of thefts lately.  I can understand, everyone makes mistakes, but when you do, especially when it is to a customer, you should offer an apology.  I was told me that the way I was treated was NOT rude because "someone" had seen me stealing (which had already been proven to be untrue when she checked my bag)I was also told in an assertive tone that "No one comes here to browse, they come to buy glasses".  Wrong.  Every time I've purchased glasses, I have tried on several (many times at other Lenscrafters), done my homework on who has the best best price, and gone back to purchase.  (PS- this is a great way to not get ripped off.) I hope they enjoy reviewing that camera footage of me BROWSING and not stealing, and I sincerely hope that in the future, no other customers are treated in the humiliating manner that I was.   (Obviously, I will be buying my shiny new glasses elsewhere).
4	I was shocked to see the negative reviews as my experience was fantastic.  The staff were all very nice and attentive and I didn't wait for long to see the doctor.  I a very pleasant experience overall.
5	The only other vision care place I went to in Las Vegas was Costco.  My experience with LensCrafters was far superior.  My only quibble (and it's super-minor) was that they were a bit late seeing me, maybe 20 minutes after the scheduled time, but that happens at every doctor's office, and often with far longer waits.The LensCrafters techs and optometrist were very helpful in explaining every aspect of the eye exam.  At the end of it, I felt assured that I was getting the best possible prescription for my lenses whereas I left Costco uneasy.  The process they used at LensCrafters seemed to be far more precise.  I know when I did finally (3-week turnaround) get my new glasses from Costco, the improvement in my vision was disappointing.  Yes, I could see better, but not 20/20.  Upon completion of my eye exam at LensCrafters, I saw an optician almost immediately.  The consult with the optician was quick but thorough, and I got my new lenses (I used the old Costco frames) in just over a half-hour!  Most important, my corrected vision is now razor-sharp.Costco was OK, but my experience with LensCrafters was really first rate.  From the techs to the optometrist to the optician, everyone at LensCrafters seemed so competent and thorough.  With my insurance, the prices at LensCrafters were lower.than Costco's.  Finally, the board cards at the poker table are crystal-clear. Hey, that's important to me!!
1	The wait is so long that the guy sitting next to me in the waiting room... Is sleeping. My appointment was an hour ago, still haven't seen a doctor. HORRIBLE customer service. I'd give them 0 stars if I could.
4	Being a retired person, I had to consider cost when deciding on a new eye doctor. I was able to use my AARP discount here for both the exam and the glasses. I arrived about 15 minutes early, but was greeted after a few minutes and given the usual paperwork to complete. It was just before that I confirmed my discount and was strongly urged to take one of two medical exams for my eyes. I had really intended to just get some glasses, but realized that yes, I indeed needed the additional exam. As it turned out, everything was fine, eye-health wise, so am now glad I paid a little extra for that peace of mind. My doctor was great! He saw me after only a few minutes of waiting in the exam room. He was very thorough, very patient in explaining my eyes' condition, and based his recommendation for a prescription on what I truly needed. He ensured that all my questions were answered, as well. Afterward, he pointed me in the direction of an optician. That was also a very pleasant experience. I was faced with the reality of having to get bifocal lenses for the first time and was given the option of either the lined type or the progressive. There were samples of both types for me to try and that was THE most helpful thing. I was able to easily determine which type would suit my needs and was provided with pricing for each one. The only downside is the location, which is a farther than I would like, but the only other place that offers the discount is even a bit further, so it wasn't that bad. There just aren't a lot of choices in the far southwest part of town, where I live. Overall, however, I was pleased with the service and would very likely recommend this place to others. Friendliness, honesty and courtesy went a long way with me!
5	Awesome service. Russ is very patient with kids. This was out second visit. And both times we received friendly and  caring service. Part of issue with the waiting that a previous user mentioned was they don't hand out numbers and some people come in and interrupt them during service to others. We encountered this both times. Both times glasses ready within an hour!BTW it is their corporate office that will not allow a sign in sheet.
5	Recently I was going to Chicago for a 7-day vacation.  My two pair of sunglasses and one pair of regular corrective eyeglasses were bent out of shape and missing nose pads.I went in on a Friday morning.  Lenscrafters was packed!  I watched the three employees work efficiently and professionally.  They did not rush the people they were waiting on and never acted aggravated if the decision-making was slow.  I was very impressed.  They also acknowledged me and other people who were waiting and politely said they would be with us as soon as possible.  I have bought glasses at that store for over 10 years.  They aren't the cheapest, but they have always taken the time to explain any upgrades and helped me find less expensive frames.  They also informed me of the ability to put prescription lenses into cheaper sunglass frames.  I wish I had noted the names of the people who waited on me.  They were exceptional and deserve recognition for their ability to keep cool under pressure and to give such great service.  Oh, and the lady who was so painstakingly careful to fix my glasses without breaking them, what a great job you did!
4	Kenneth was awesome... LC can be a little pricey, however because I have insurance, I was able to get some nice discounts. Kenneth took care of me the moment I came out of the Doctors side and promptly found me a nice set of frames for my new prescription glasses. Then made sure that my sunglasses were taking care of. Kenneth even fixed my old pair and made them like new.I will continue to pay a little more for the personal service that Kenneth provides. Thanks LC!
5	We stopped here for an emergency appointment for new glasses for my daughter while on vacation and just passing through town for only a day. They got us into the doctor next day. Within a couple hours we had seen the doctor and gotten new glasses. The staff was very helpful in picking out nice frames. If we lived in town we would not hesitate to return to this LensCrafters.
1	Please note this rating is strictly for the front desk staff only...Front desk staff is horrible.  I needed to update paperwork that required my signature but most of the document was unreadable.  I refused to sign something I can't read due to the copy being unreadable.  The document printed with squares and symbols in lieu of letter.  Apparently asking for a legible document required someone to do work and for that I got nothing but attitude.  Lazy unprofessional staff.  Fortunately for them everyone else is amazing and I will continue to receive services there but will definitely treat the front staff differently.
4	The staff and Doctors here are great! It is also very convenient to Len's Crafters (they are in the same location) to pick new glasses. I am always greeted and treated very well. I only gave it 4 stars because even though I had an appointment I waited over 30 minutes to be seen:(
4	Made an easy appointment online for date and time I wanted. Confirmed appointment online as well. Went in and did some basic paperwork that took around 10 min. I told them upfront I am an experienced LensCrafters and eye patient and that I did not want dilation or photo mapping. They did not pressure me at all to do these "extra" tests. Went in at my appointment time to do the pre screening and then waited shout 5min to see the doctor. The doctor listened to my concerns and did the exam pretty quickly. 4 star cause I had went in for contacts and usually doctor office will give you about a week worth of contacts to try. I asked front after paying And they said they would give me some. It would have been better customer service to offer considering I was planning on purchasing a year of contacts, my prescription changed and it takes about a week to ship to your house. The front desk actually gave me the old prescription when I asked for contacts. Good thing I noticed cause I would have been pissed when I got home and noticed it was not correct. They do free shipping when you order a year of contacts.'hopefully that all works out ok.
5	I went to this location as they were in my network providers and conveniently located in a shopping center I frequent - their cross streets are Eastern & St. Rose.  Upon entering I was greeted by one of their sales associates and I found throughout my hour in the store every customer would be greeted warmly and asked how they can be assisted.  I was directed to the reception desk for the doctor and promptly checked in and given forms.  Within 10 minutes I was brought in for my annual eye exam.  Each step of the exam went smoothly and I never waited longer than 10 minutes for either the doctor or tech - the hour went by fast. Having insurance I was clearly explained how I could use my benefits and given their opinion how I should use it based on my needs i.e. use my credit towards contacts vs a new pair of eye glasses.  I was never explained this before so other stores would just get my money out of pocket and I would never know about my benefits and how to maximize it!  Really nice to be able to trust their services at this store.  Will be coming back for my new frames in a couple months.  My appointment was on a Monday morning - not sure if this is a peak time but when I was there business picked up to about 10-15 customers in the store and everyone was being taken care of in a timely manner! I also saw a little girl about 6-7 years old getting an exam and was crying and seemed scared - everyone was patient with her and coaching her through it.  Parents seemed at ease and the staff is very friendly! Highly recommended!
4	Drs & Staff fantastic.. Vision work covered by VSP.. Not the optical department.
5	Great experience with my Ins EYE MED, and the special issues with my eyes. Kenny is awesome salesperson!!!
5	Excellent!  Been going to this location many years; use free glasses adjustment often; highly recommended.
5	I went into this LensCrafters location and I was helped by Cindy, one of the nicest and friendliest store associates ever.  I had a minor repair needed to be done on an old pair of glasses which they did for free!  She was so  patient and answered all my questions and completely helped me with all my selections.  Also everyone at the eye exam section of the store was also extremely helpful and gave me all the information I needed.  I will definitely come back for sure.   :)
5	Very Professional Operation
4	The woman who helped me pick out my frames was amazing. Being my first pair she went through all my options to find something that looked good on me. The doctor I saw explained everything to me so that I understood, he went a little fast for me but that's ok. The techs were not that friendly and they had me going back and forth a couple of times because of the machines stopped working.
5	I was impressed from start to finish.  I was greeted by a kind older man named Kenny as I entered the store.  The ladies at the counter, and eye doctor were GREAT!  Minutes after, the lady who helped me happened to be the General Manager!  No wonder this store was such a professional operation!  No pressure!  She explained extra features they offer, but didn't do the "hard sell" that most places do including other LensCrafters locations.  Denise CARES about her customers.  I have been in customer service for 35 years, and know REAL when I see it!  I will be back in January to get a pair of sunglasses!  Can't wait!
5	Made an appt online, easy check in. Only waited maybe 5 min to get in and get done. Dr Hahn very nice and helpful. Matt very knowledgeable and great with customer service. Would definitely go back for further needs.
5	I have tried contact lenses before but was unable due to irritation, allergies, very poor fit visually. While visiting this physician, he and the staff took the time over a few visits to ensure the contacts were well suited for me. Great staff
4	I was in a big hurry and this place accommodated my needs. I told them I only had an hour to get an eye exam and pick our glasses. Even the doctor worked fast I took one off  for staff rushness. I know I was in a rush, but I feel that they weren't doing that not just to me but to everyone else. Overall I would recommend this place if your short on time. Same day glasses/sunglasses is really cool (depending on your prescription).
