3	http://www.venetian.com/shoppe/directory.cfmHigh end shops like BCBG Max Azaria, Kenneth Cole, Burberry, Banana Republic, Lladro, Godiva, Sephora.  Eateries galore.  Unique things about the shopping area, the Italian canal, the Italian facades of the stores, Gondola rides, the street performers like the costumed opera singers and street performers.  The thing that weirded me out were the living statues around St. Mark's Square and the Oculus.  I would wait for them to jump down and scare me!
3	Ok, I am a lookie look shopper, not someone that actually buys this ridiculously expensive stuff.   The place is done up nice, and is fairly new.  St. Marks square reproduction starts your journey.  All kinds and types of shops. The Venetian glass shop was my favorite. So, take a stroll and check it out.  The shoppes have something for everybody.
4	Someone I used to work with described this place as the closest thing to Europe to her since she was from Poland. I wouldn't know, I've never been to Europe before, but I can say this place is very nice, full of designer boutiques and great restaurants. The gondola rides looked cool too, and I was so excited to hop on the gondola, but the ride kinda blows because you pretty much ride from one corner, and then turn around and go back, and then the gondolier (sp?) talks in a cheesy italian accent and sings an even cheesier song. But I give them credit for that, that is their job I guess. There are alot of other entertainers around, acting like statues or on stilts or singing songs as well. Its a fun place to shop and browse if you don't feel like wasting away gambling.
3	There are some good shops here, however, I think there is better shopping at the Forum Shops.  The way the shops at the Venetian are designed makes it kind of difficult to navigate.  The selection is ok, they have a BCBG there which is my go to store for party dresses, but the other stores can be found elsewhere.  Banana Republic, Kenneth Cole-  you can find in any mall in any town.   The fact that Sephora is set off of the main building was a tad frustrating.   But I will say its my favorite Sephora.
3	Knocking off two stars right off the bat:minus 1 star for the cheesy Venetian gondola rides/gondoliers/canals, blue sky fresco (sprinkler heads and all), human statue, and other assorted eye-rolling faux Venetian touches. Sure, I know that's why it's called The Venetian and it's all part of the sugary syrup that draws the huddled masses to Vegas...it's just not for me...I tend to lean towards authenticity. minus 1 star for mall stores like Banana Republic, Kenneth Cole, Brookstone, and Ann Taylor. I'm surprised I didn't see a Spencer's Gifts selling black light posters of St. Marks. I guess The Bellagio nabbed all the good high-end designers (Gucci, Armani, Chanel, Hermes, etc). The 2 stars go to their choice of celeb chef restaurants - Batali's B&B and recently opened Enoteca San Marco (with truly impressive wine lists)...Keller's Bouchon (same killer steak frites, breads & pastries)...David Burke...Puck's Postrio...and um, Chef Buddha's TAO (like the one in NYC, tasty and forgettable). And the last star goes to Breathe, an oxygen bar that did wonders for my hangover.
2	You'd expect a better range of stores located here but you won't find it. We were fighting the crowds and all we found were the usual stuff like Kenneth Cole, Ann Taylor, BCBG -- nothing out of the ordinary. On top of that you'll be trying to fight through the people standing around watching tourists go on a gondola ride.Parking sucks too because the Venetian is such a popular hotel that their valet parking fills up rather quickly and then it becomes available for hotel guests only. You'll have to make your way to the self parking which is a horrendous 10-floor structure. Once you've parked, you'll have to maneuver your way to the elevators where you will be fighting more people to finally get to the shopping area. The worse part is getting back to your car because there will be a line waiting to get into the elevators.Horrible horrible place to shop. Go to the Forum Shops instead.
1	Thanks to Anita for reminding me how awful this mall is!  I rarely meet a that I cannot find some reason to like.  When it comes to this one, I say just pass it up.  With so much fabulous shopping to be had at The Fashion Show Mall, The Forum Shops and even The Bellagio's shopping area, you could skip this and go to a spa instead!  She is right about the enormous crowds of people here.  The walk ways are pretty narrow which makes things worse.  The stores are the worst of the worst and the people working in them are miserable.  Ooh, I just thought of one thing I could like here.....there is a restaurant owned by IL Fornaio called "Canaletto".  We ate here once and it was pretty good.  Too bad the overall awfulness of the Venetian keeps us away.
3	You know, I really like walking around here just to kill time but, for actual shopping?  This is not the place to go.  They have some of the usual mall stores, and those are fine, but they seem to be in a much smaller version than at other shopping venues in Las Vegas.  There is one little lingerie shop that has some very nice things, and nice sales, and I got a few cute tops on clearance at BCBG, but nothing else here was very thrilling.  I love to look at jewelry but I thought the jewelry stores here were a bit on the tacky/gaudy side.I do like walking around here and I appreciate the cheesy canal and fake blue sky.  I can't say exactly what it is, but I like the echo-ey sound in here mixed with the occasional swoosh of water.  And, I don't know why, but I appreciate when the gondoliers smile and flirt as they motor past me - I know they are paid to do this but, still, I appreciate it.
5	All I see is the nice blue sky that will make me forget every expensive item that i am purchasing...i should pay more attention to what i am buying next time...but this place has it all.
2	Perfume in the ventilation system?! Oh god it is so horrific here.  My eyes started to water and I developed a mild headache after 30 minutes or so.  Some of the shopping is good for selection and uniquness of items, but oh dear it was expensive.
3	The "canal" that runs through The Venetian is at its epicenter here at The Grand Canal Shoppes.  It has a decent mix of high end and more moderate stores, but you're not really inside to shop, now are you?  You just want to catch a closer look at the fools who shelled out for the gondola rides.Did I say fools?  What... no... never....  (... take me with you....  I want to BE you...)Oh, and lest we forget the weird smell... yeah, the perfume being pumped through the vents is a little off putting, but believe you me... it makes the place smell a hell of a lot better than ACTUAL Venice.  I'll take cheap perfume over fish any day.
4	I'd say the Grand Canal Shoppes and the Forum Shops are the nicest malls on the Strip if you're looking for more than just shopping. I like the canal here and watching people float by on gondolas with the drivers singing Italian arias. The plaza is pretty nice too, with random performers vying for your attention.The Venetian and the Bellagio are my two favorite spots on the Strip.
2	Yes, it smells, the ceilings are low and made me feel claustrophobic. Lots of random stores selling weird crap, and crowded! A little dirty, and cheap feeling. The gondolas were cute but I totally wouldn't drop a dime to do that! Wish the shops were better. I stayed at the Venetian because the shops were here and I was very disappointed. Had much better shopping experience at the Miracle Mile at PH and the fashion show mall.
3	Shopping in Vegas is what you expect, High end fashion at high end prices. But what separates the different shopping areas is the "other" stuff. I thought this area was pretty cool due to the gondolas. There are also random performers throughout the "streets". It's quite the spectacle and something everyone should check out at least once.
5	I know their  might be a few choices in Vegas, and I might diss one later,but ended up craving morels cucumber martini( not a sign of a problem I hope! Satisfactiion supplied! Thx Shane!
3	I went here today for the first time in many years, and I was just reminded of all the reasons I avoid it. 1. The price range. The stores in here are barely even accessible, with the accessible stores feeling incredibly out of place among such haughty boutiques with hilarious names such as SHOOZ. 2. The place is laid out like a labyrinth. It's incredibly easy to get lost. It can be quite creepy as well because it seems like whoever designed the place INTENTIONALLY wanted to lead lost patrons through dimly lit, deserted feeling corridors. Rumor has it Venice is one of the creepiest cities in the world, so I guess I should give them props for staying really close to the theme. 3. The perfume. OH GOD THE GODAWFUL SCENT OF THE VENETIAN.There are some things that I like though. Since the sky is painted on the ceiling you can pretend that you're actually in Venice, which is cool because I don't have money to visit Italy right now.
3	There is nothing special about the Shoppes at the Grand Canal inside the Venetian Hotel. It features your basic stores found in most malls across America with an Italian twist. Except for the massive waterway that runs through the center of the shoppes, it feels like I am shopping at the Galleria in Houston. I have never really found anything I would buy in the Grand Canal Shoppes that I could not or would not buy when I was home. This is worth a visit for the atmosphere...but not much else!!!
3	The Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian aren't the greatest shops on the Vegas strip. It has a couple affordable place to shop like the Gap, Banana Republic, & Kenneth Cole, but other than that every other store in here is pretty pricey. For hotel shopping I'd recommend shopping at Caesars Palace Forum Shops or Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile.
3	The shops range from clothing like Banana Republic to antique jewelry. It's beautiful to walk around with the canals and gondolas and painted blue skies on the ceiling. Gondolas breeze by down the canal with gondoliers singing Italian songs. It is even better since it is connected to the shops at the Palazzo. The storefronts also have that Venice theme.There is a pretty good range of stores, its not all upscale stores like the Shoppes at the Palazzo.   I would say to walk around these shops simply for the atmosphere.  ^_^*~
3	Wow, the shopping goes on and on and on and on....Lots of stuff...very expensive. Nice walking though.
3	This place is as good as what you make of it.  The stores are a bit pricey and food places are decent.  This place is good for walking around and window shopping.  You've been to one mall in Vegas you've been to all.  They all have the ritzy type of feel and stores that sell merchandise that most people will not be able to afford.  There are stores that are standard chains but you should not come here for that, this is Vegas.There are performers at times though I have no idea how the timings are.  We sort of get lucky at times and get to watch for some of our visits.  Go mess around or take a picture with the guy that is being tortured underneath all that makeup and who has to be a statue for hours on end.The gondolas that wind through the shoppes are a nice distraction if you feel like setting aside an extra hand or two.  You will get to relax a bit at the tune of a part time performer singing some italian opera melodies.  Depending on who you get, you might be able to have a word on what the performer sings.  Nothing like the real gondolas at Venice, but atleast you can see that the water is clearer.Overall, I would give this place 3.5 stars.  It is not the greatest place to go to in Vegas, but it is worth an hour of two of your time if you have not been here before and willing to spend a little.
4	I'm really surprised on how much people hate on this location.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is pricey.  But other than that, I really enjoy just walking around the Grand Canal Shoppes.  I think it's fun, and fanciful, which is what Vegas is all about.  If you are going to look around for flaws..... really?  It's sin city.  I can find a lot of other things to point out.
5	When I took the escalator up to The Grand Canal Shoppes the first thing I saw was the sky and the clouds that are painted on the ceiling,I really thought I was outside very well done .It is just like you are walking thru Venice very well done.Shoppes yes pricey but what would you expect in this luxurios hotel.
3	I think the forum shops at Caesars are better.
3	Not a very large selection of stores to shop at, especially for Vegas.I will say that I love the themed decor and the gondolas inside the mall (who DOESN'T love to stare at random strangers who are being paddled around inside a mall in a gondola??), and I love that there is a Coffee Bean inside, but the stores there are the same general stores you can find in any other mall, except for maybe a few specialty jewelery or clothing stores. I'd say going to either the Fashion Show Mall, the Forum Shops, or the Miracle Mile shops will give you a larger selection of places to shop from.However, there IS a very large Sephora located outside of the shops that is any make-up enthusiasts dream.
1	Be prepared when you venture in here even just to look you will be tits up in snoot, fakery, and crap that you cannot afford.  On our way to the Jersey Boys theatre the mean-muggin coming from people whose shit doesn't stink was endless!  Don't waste your time here, even to gawk at the fake frescoes.
2	Oh The Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes. I have brought many a family member and friend here just to walk around and gawk at things. I have never, not once, bought something here. I am sure other locals will not be surprised by this omission, as I am sure other locals would say the same thing.The gondola rides have been around forever it seems and I have yet to step foot on one. However, it is fun to giggle at the tourists floating around in a fake Venice. I suppose if I had the expendable cash it would be a cute thing to do, but considering how long I've gone without doing the gondola ride, my expectations of really doing it are very low.I feel as though the Canal Shoppes are set up strangely and I always get lost. I've been in this place probably 20+ times and I still get lost. Especially now that they have been linked to the Palazzo Shoppes. Plus, I am sorry, but I just cannot get over the baby-hooker smell of The Venetian/Grand Canal Shoppes. Yes, I have dubbed it baby-hooker smell. I don't care what The Venetian thinks it smells like, it smells like baby-hooker.
3	This is a great way to avoid the 100+ degree temps. The shops are high end but bargains can be had if you look around. The restaurants are of good quality with none any better or worse than the other.
2	The Grand Canal is excellent, don't get me wrong...great stores, great people watching, etc.  Just be aware of the prices.  I wanted to treat myself to a new wallet and got one at Marc Jacobs.  It was in the sale section and was $70.  In LA today at Marc Jacobs and saw a similar wallet NOT in the sale section for $53.So just beware.  I'm sure we all think things might be a little more expensive...but come on!I'm glad I at least really like the wallet!
4	The Grand Canal Shoppes is one of my favorite shopping and entertainment place in Vegas. I like this place so much, ''enchanted'' ceiling, We get to experience Venice without having to go to Italy, how cool is that! There are so many entertainments there, live performance, celebrity chef  restaurants, hot nightclubs, up to the minute retail stores. whatever you want to do, just pick one!Great place for shopping, dining and late night fun. Good place for a date day or night .:)
3	Most of the shops here are great for looking. I don't know who would own some of these knickknacks but I suppose the nouveau riche need something to spend in lest the money burn their hands if it sits there too long. Still, there are a few stores I do go to....or shall we say there's a few stores a normal people can afford. This though is a great place to take visitors which is what we did recently as a family. I have done many times so I actually know how to navigate to any part of the property. I have not yielded to a gondola ride, but maybe one of these days family/ friends will want a water ride to Barneys instead of walk it.
3	The parking is really bad on a crowded day. And it's weird because if you park on the roof, the elevator doesn't reach the top, so you will need to walk up to the roof (a few floors, when you return). I only mention it because the non-local might get confused and flustered. There is only one reason we came here: the Dooney and Bourke retail store (but this was before the outlet store opened up at Premium Outlets/North). I think for all that trouble, we have not been back since (jeez, I know that's bad, but hey, I gotta speak the truth). I will say this- "A +" for ambiance. It's beautiful inside. The architecture, the decor, the details, the cobblestone-like floor, the bridge; it's the feeling you get, like you're not in Las Vegas anymore (think Town Square and Lake Las Vegas, but on a much smaller scale). Add the gondola rides, complete with a uniformed crooner (think romantic). And it seems like a recipe for success. Well, almost, but yes, it falls short. Maybe if the stores were better suited for me, I'd feel inclined to shop, but the thoughtful "bargain shopper" in me is the voice of reason. If you're from out-of-town, I would suggest taking some nice pictures here, since the place is very pretty.
1	UGH...worst mall with so much promise.  what made it one star?  all the salespeople bugging you literally every 10 yards.  seriously now.  we had to say NOOOOO about two dozen times.  and god forbid you walk past them twice, as they'll harass you again!  unbelievable.  sure it's one pretty interior with some cool shops, and the gondola rides, and stuff...but I'll never go back.  rude rude rude.
4	Always crowded, but so fun. I love walking around the shops. There is everything! restaurants from celeb chefs, many stores, and some random yet awesome live performances.Must experience these shops, specially if you are staying at The Venetian or Plazzo.
3	Not much else to say that hasn't already been said. Nice mall to look around once but that did it for me. Felt intimidated by some of the stores that my wife wanted to look in. I kept telling her not to touch anything because I couldn't afford any of it if she broke something. Don't think I will ever buy anything here besides food, which is pretty good and in another review I wrote for Tintoretto. We did the gondola ride outside and thought it was great, can't really comment on the indoor ride.
4	Better than most shopping places in casinos on the strip. There are actual stores that I can afford to browse around and it's spread out well. Most are obviously out of my price range, but it never hurts to look. The scenery is nice and they have a good amount of entertainment options and seating around the area to kill time in the area. I don't usually head to the strip specifically to shop in this mall, but if I happen to be in the area for a show, meeting my friends or having dinner it's a nice place to kill some time and window shop.
5	I may be only one of a few people who rate this place as high as I did, but when I read the mostly 3 star reviews, I realized most of them downgraded their rating merely because this isn't a place to "shop".........shop for fashion, I'm assuming they really mean.  I don't know......I see fashion here, and some of it is even affordable, or even not affordable......but it's here.  Also, there are many boutique-y, one-of-a-kind type stores that don't necessarily merit spending money........just window shopping........ like a mask shop or a Venetian glass shop.  They are so worth the time to browse, and spend if those be your passions.  I personally love strolling through, watching the gondolas glide through the waterways, dream that I'm in St. Mark's Square, or gaze at the ceiling artwork at the entrance to the shops.  I even enjoy looking at the "statutes," waiting for them to move their eyes, take a breath, or just break character altogether.  Some of them are OUTSTANDING at that.  Anyway, I'm having trouble understanding why only 3 stars from most people.
5	Look up at the ceiling. Wait, is that the sky??? I thought I was inside! Yeah, that's common, I suppose given the painting and the facades. The shops are cute, and there are so many options. Even the super expensive ones are fun for window shopping.
3	We went to the Grand Canal Shoppes in Spring Break. The decoration at the entrace is beautiful!!! My friend likes the look of the mall, makes you feel like walking in Italy. the Gondola ride on the canal looks very romantic. but the stores are kinda pricey, but we enjoyed the walk and the beautiful view at the mall.
5	Not one for shopping at the ritzy stores, but I've always liked the ambiance of the Venetian.   The one thing we were here for was to take my daughter on the gondola ride.  Don't expect to get on the ride right away.  It was an hour wait for us at around 3:30 p.m.  We walked around a bit to take in some of the free entertainment provided.  The walking plants on stilts were our favorite.  There is a small show with jugglers, princesses and jesters on stilts near the gondolas.  It was a little cheesy for the adults, but my daughter seemed to be enjoying herself.You have to get back into line 10 minutes before your scheduled ride time.  The system they have works great as it was exactly 4:30 when we boarded our boat.  Our gondolier Umberto was awesome and a very personable guy.  He serenaded my daughter and even sang "Bella Note" for her at the end, making sure she understood the reference to the Disney movie.  You could tell that he was really into his job (he's been doing it for over 10 years).Sure, it's technically  a boat ride in "fake" Venice, but being that I don't travel internationally, works great for me.  I would say you should do the gondola rides at least once in your lifetime as it is 15 minutes of a little imaginary fun.
4	Great shops, similar to a good mall.  There are some local shops also, but if your looking for the staples that exist in your local, most are here, and have the same, sometimes better sales to compete with the outlets.
4	Nice (but pricey) shops.  Great place to cool off during the Vegas hot weather.
4	You can actually forget your in a hotel when visiting the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian because it is so large, so well done with all the details, that you feel like your outside walking the streets of Venice but without the stinky Venetian water. Our last visit we didn't even leave the hotel because there is so much to do there with all the casinos, bars, clubs, restaurants, and entertainment. Great place to visit on the strip, and an even better place to stay.
5	The venetian is another one of the must sees in Vegas.I love walking through all the casinos, but this along with Caesars is my favorite.Not many people actually shop here, but just walking through is exciting.So much to see and while it does not feel  like Venice, it feels like Venice Vegas style which is pretty awesome.The gondola rides are not too overpriced but you are being paddled in a small area surrounded by people taking pictures, not too romantic in my opinion.A definite must see while in Las Vegas!
3	The Grand Canal Shoppes is what it is, a knock off version of a Venice shopping area.  They try to make it seem like you are walking around on a "real" street and they add shows and performers walking around but you have to take it how it is, we're in Vegas, we're in the middle of a desert people, I am actually pretty amazed when you take a step back and think about this place, especially when you take in to account the front of the Venetian from the shoppes, its beautiful (albeit a bit hard to get around).  Another redeeming quality is that it "seemlessly" (aka switches drastically at the line in between Palazzo and Venetian) transitions to the Shoppes at the Palazzo (which is one of my favorite places to take people to shop and is a hidden gem on the Vegas Strip) so if you think about it I should grade it as a whole but it IS considered two different places so I'll stick with 3 stars.
3	The Grand Canal Shoppes is something you just have to go and see, with it's canal and gondeliers and pseudo 'sky' ceilings. You will experience sticker shock if you decide to shop at one of the many 'upscale' stores, and the food ain't cheap either. This is a perfect place to go during the sweltering heat in the middle of the day to relax and take it all in. Overall, a nice diversion on the strip.
4	I don't know about anyone else, but I enjoy walking through here, especially after a long day of staring and thinking about computers or computer technology. The atmosphere is so inviting, and relaxing.  There are times when I take a seat and enjoy the Venetian Artiste del Arte or enjoy observing the Gondola Ride.Also, if you're the person who can appreciate refined premium tastes, there's plenty of watches, clothing, suits, shoes, electronics, or books, there's plenty of shops to fancy your wallet. Personally, I'll stick with just walking around the area and stop thinking about science and mathematics for a while.
4	Whether you are shopping or not, the Grand Canal Shoppes are a relaxing way to beat the heat as you stroll through. The faux sky on top and canal with singing gondoliers paddling through just set you at ease.If you do want to shop, bring the ultra-Gold card because there are mostly high-end options from which to choose.  Think Barney's of New York, Michael Kors, etc.  There are plenty of restaurant options at various intervals throughout the Shoppes in case you get hungry.
5	It doesn't matter if you come to shop or simply want to take a walk and get away from the heat and sun (don't know why anyone would want to do that though!) for a bit; the grand canal shoppes at the venetian will suit. It's in essence a shopping mall but it's actually more than that and walking around inside, you can't but feel as if you are in Venice w/ the bridges, water canal and gondolas.... I really like it and I actually prefer it to the Forum at Caesars. With heaps of stores such as Banana Republic, Kenneth Cole, Ralph Lauren, RYU, Ann Taylor, Burberry and Chloe to name a few; shoppers can be sure to have a blast and expect their wallets to cop a fair whack as well!Hungry? You've got I love Burgers, Rockhouse, Grand Lux Cafe and plenty more to choose from. Those visiting Vegas should definitely check it out and make sure you take your other half in one of the Gondolas; she'll love it and you'll be gold for it!
3	This place is confusing as heck. I always get lost walking in there because of those canals and bridges...use landmarks and stores for reference. lolI love the way it's decorated. The food stalls and restaurants are great. Might be my favorite of all hotel malls.
4	The Grand Canal Shoppes is the shopping center located inside the Venetian Hotel. It is fun to walk around, browse the shops, people watch, and eat.  As you walk around, you can view couples and families enjoying a gondola ride along the canal.  Pretty cool to watch and listen to the gondoliers sing as they maneuver the gondola around the canal.  Much of the ceiling is painted to appear like blue skies so it seems like you're outdoors.We've never bought anything at any of the stores here because it is way beyond our budget.  Many of the stores are high end.  We have eaten though.  There are plenty of dining options here.  Another cool thing to do is to hang out at there main plaza area.  I believe it's called St. Mark's Square (could be wrong though).  Anyways, it's a large open area where sometimes there are street performers and opera singers.  Always seems to be dark when we're there.  In this area, it has more of a night feeling in Italy.  Very fun to hang out there, grab a snack, and people watch.So, for a little touch of Italy....head on over to the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian.  It's not just for shopping.
4	Great atmosphere. Nice stores. Great indoor mall. Great decor.
4	The Grand Canal Shoppes is an iconic part of the newer Las Vegas strip. It was and still is to some extent a sign of luxury for Las Vegas. Through the shops and restaurants, there is an actual canal (hence the name) replete with even gondola rides for those who are looking for an additional experience and do not want to head over to Italy.One of the things that I really enjoy is the town square. There you will sometimes find acrobats or piano players or when we last went, a troupe of musicians and acrobats as clowns at an Italianized circus. Furthermore, there is always a gelato cart there to serve up a much needed diabetes-inducing treat.Although there aren't too many shops that we frequent here, the great thing about the Grand Canal Shoppes is that there is not only nice sit-down restaurants, there is also a decent sized food court featuring even a Chicken Now.I love the scenery and the pageantry places like these provide. It's great for the family or even just a couple who wants to take a stroll.
4	Yes, this place is over-the-top "faux" and kitschy and...well, everything that is contemporary Las Vegas! If you want authenticity, you came to Vegas in the wrong decade, baby. Nowadays, it's a adult Disneyland and that, to me, is part of its charm.I, for one, enjoy the outrageousness that is modern-day LV. And the Venetian shops are part of that movie-set-esque vibe. I'm not really referring to the shops per se; I refer to the "canal", the gondoliers, St Mark's Square, the Campanile, the Titian paintings, the Bridge of Sighs, and all that is the Venetian. It's labyrinthine walkways ARE very reminiscent of those in the real Venice, and I've gotten lost in both. Every time I've become disoriented here, the folks I've asked who work in the shops or food stalls have been more than helpful in directing me to where I want to go. I gather they get asked for directions a LOT. As others have mentioned, there is always some sort of free entertainment here. I often see "human sculptures" (bronzed people frozen, as if made of stone), and hear musicians. If I ever came to Vegas with kids, this'd be a great place to bring them. One item of note: it's not easy finding bathrooms here. Be forewarned!
4	This is a very good shopping complex to walk through. The architectures, decorations, and interiors in this place are very nice to look at. The store selection here is bigger than the Shoppes at Palazzo, but keep in mind - most of the shops here are quite pricey, if not higher. It's always good walking through in here!
5	If I had only one day in Vegas, I would make sure that this is one of my stops.  The most visually pleasing malls I've ever been too.  Unlike any of the other casino malls, this one has no shops that you can afford.  It's all high end.  But I come for the wow factor, the canals of Venice, Disney clean, and the Italian Square will just blow you away. You will get an actual canal with gondoliers and Italian singers.  You get the feel you are outdoors but in a nice air conditioned comfortable indoor mall.  The town square is cool with many street type performers.  You may not shop, but you will regret not coming here for that reason.  From the artwork to the architecture, this really is a can't miss place.  Put it on your must do list.
4	This is a great place for that "Wow" factor. I really enjoyed the walk through, although it can be a little confusing. Made a few small purchases, but mostly just strolled through. The "Human Sculptures" are interesting. Wish we would have taken a Gondola Ride though. Maybe next time!
4	Lovely atmosphere in here, fun shopping.  I love looking at the ceilings as it looks like daytime but inside.  the venetian boat ride is kinda expensive, but it's pretty cool. Food here is also pretty good.  You can't go wrong.
4	I LOVE VEGAS!I know I have harped on this a few too many times.. but I cannot stress that enough.In my obsession with the city, I have seen numerous documentaries that lay out the process and lengths they went into creating this little slice of Italy wedged into a city that offers you Paris, Rome, the Caribbean.. and really it all.The building and architecture styling makes the walkways feel genuine and tight as you head up and down past the shops. Everything is so real feeling.The Canal's are so real feeling you will find yourself stopping to just admire the water. However that can and will be broken up by the singing of the gondoliers as they move love birds back and forth through the shoppes. As with most things in Vegas, the gondola rides are incredibly expensive. That said, the shoppes are just a beautiful spot to visit in Vegas. A must see.
4	While it's not as good as being in Italy, the Grand Canal shops really do give you a nice shopping experience -- you can't beat the setting! Stroll the faux Vegas version of Venice and shop in air conditioned comfort as you watch the gondolas glide by on the indoor canal. There's no other mall experience quite like this one. Best of all, the shops are stores that you can actually afford to shop in (think Coach, Ann Taylor, Sephora, Michael Kors, Godiva, Steve Madden, etc.). It's a great place to beat the heat on a hot Vegas summer day.
5	The architecture of this place is out of this world! The faux sky that looks like an actual night sky is downright amazing. I've been here a few different times, and I love walking around the building! You can take a nice, (but pricy) gondola ride down the concourse. To me, this is a bit more upscale even the Shoppes at Palazzo, but they are all basically the same thing to me.. I love them! Can't wait to go back
3	Huge shopping area in the Venetian Hotel.They have a ton of stores and eats. I love the Italian themed canal like they have in Venice. They expaned the shops from the last time I came here. Only issue I have is the difficulty of walking the shops. The map is not very useful.
4	Basic hotel mall.  Once you are in the mall, you are basically trapped. You lose all sense of direction and have to walk in circles until you finally find your way out. The atmosphere is great, but does not have as many fab shops as the Forum Shop at Caesar's Palace. It is a good place to just hang out and watch the gondolas.
3	***The Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian has that Disneyland for adults look that epitomizes Las Vegas; the exteriors of the storefronts and the canals give off a faux Venice, Italy appearance and there are even meticulously dressed street performers who have a striking look (great use of makeup too); the simulated blue sky with paint is well done as the ceiling curves are not immediately recognizable; still, The Grand Canal Shoppes is kind of only worth visiting once because the shops are not that interesting and the food here is not that special***Like almost all of the major hotels on The Strip, The Venetian offers both complimentary self and valet parking.
3	Sounds silly, but I really wanted to see this. The shops themselves are gorgeous, to say nothing of the canal, ceiling, and Venice storefront attraction!So beautiful, I wish we'd had more time to explore rather than just before dinner.
5	The Grand Canal Shoppes at the luxurious Venitian was simply breathtaking!! By far the best hotel in Las Vegas architecture wise. They did a perfect job imitating the canals in Venice and the gondolas were nice and seemed so romantic.Walking through here is amazing, you're walking down a "cobblestone road" so to speak under the blue sky with a few clouds. Even if it's nighttime and dark outside, one you come inside you feel like it's daylight out and you have stepped foot into another country. The grand canal shoppes offered a variety of shopping selections from high end stores like Christian Louboutin and Herve Leger to Victoria's Secret and Banana Republic. There's something for everyone no matter what your budget is. They have TONS of restaurants and speciality stores, many of the food network chefs have restaurants here.This place is just lovely and so huge, you can spend hours here, it's away from all the gambling and hustle and bustle of the strip and you may forget you're in Vegas. This is a must do/must see whether it's to experience great architecture or great shopping, either way it'll be worth it!
1	Horrible horrible experience they look at you like you ain't worth anything I walked in there after leaving the pool for our suite at the palazzo and of course I got pre judged I wanted shoes I told themMy size the girl helped everybody but me on till everybody was gone than suggested a size smaller than what I asked because they supposedly get big once you start using them (no true) so now I have 1000 dlls shoes that I wore 3 times and I can't stand because there super tight !!!These shoes are not comfortable *and I have    jimmychoo,ysl,Hermes ...
3	This store reminds how poor I am. I mean, as I walked around I caught myself looking at my shoes, making sure they were clean enough if I had the urge or curiosity to enter a store. I did visit Bauman's Rare Books, and despite collections costing up to $400k I did not feel intimidated. The books did not judge my aesthetics.
5	AWESOME!  Great Christmas decorations....  Going to take a very romantic  "gondola"  ride with my hubby Michael before dinner then some last minute shopping.
