5	We take our shiba inu here and everyone from reception to the nurses and the doctors are great. Dr. Wiggers performed his neuter and she was great, explaining everything and following up with us the day after. She's a great doctor and I won't take Saki to anyone else. Their price for the neuter was the best we found in the area, and they're just as good if not better then others. They also offer boarding, which was a lifesaver for us when we went out of town for the holidays and needed a place for him to stay last minute. The nurses take the dogs out to play throughout the day and you don't have to pay for extra walks or play times like you do with other boarding places that I've checked out.The doctors are very helpful, if you leave them a voicemail, they will call you back by the end of the day, which is just shocking to me.
5	Best Vets and staff in town!!!!
5	omg they are the best vets in all of nevada and no one else will ever treat my littleones! they are not just an animal hospital they are family I have been bringing my little ones there for over 8 years they have always been there for us and I trust them and  truly love them
5	We're the notorious Gilmore's. lol I only say this because we come here as often as my husband and I go to our dentist and doctor combined.I can definitely say we've had a full experience with this place. When our Shiba Inu was having seizures, we had to make the decision to put her down. Dr. Lewis and the staff were very understanding, caring and gentle about the whole ordeal. We were allowed to bring in our other dog Casper, her companion, to say goodbyes.We usually see Dr. Lewis just for familiarity for our remaining pets, Casper (a mini eski) and Hazey (a calico). We did have a hiccup with one of the clerks when they had phone wiring issues. (ahem) lol It wasn't a great ordeal, but it ended up well.Their boarding facilities on the other hand... ahh i'm giving them a second chance. I spoke with Anne, the office manager, and i'll just make a review when we pick up Hazey after her stay in December. :)
5	My friend gave me one of the best recommendations years ago and I have continued to bring my dogs to Blue Cross Animal Hospital. The staff is friendly and professional. Doctors Tack, Lewis and Wiggers are exceptionally caring and knowledgeable which counts a lot in my book. They listen to my concerns about my pets health and they provide options and explanations that are understandable for me to make the right choice.One of my dog was operated for a "loose knee cap" a year ago and Dr. Lewis patiently explained what to expect before, during and after operation. Everything was handled so smoothly (from pre to post op) and my dog healed like a new dog (just like the Dr. said).My dogs happily wag their tails for Dr. Lewis, the hospital, and boarding care. We thank you all for such wonderful care.
5	So, I mentioned a while ago I was boarding my 13 yr old cat here for 17 days. I didn't want to have her in the car in a crate for 16+ hours a day driving to Ohio...I spoke with Dr Wiggers about my concerns. I didn't want her to lose 2 lbs like she did at the petsmart hotel (was only at that place for 7 days..)Awesome experience. Not only did Dr Wiggers check on her, but the two boarding techs did, and a vet assistant. When she didn't eat her dry food they gave her wet food.They let me setup her little room with her catnip and blanket.Obviously I was anxious to see her when we got back, so after unloading the car we went straight there.lolol! Instead of losing weight she gained a few lbs. Easily fixable, but I could tell she was much better taken care of.Happy kitty = happy mommy!
5	I've been taking my 7 year old mini weiner dog here since he was 12 weeks old.  Dr. Tack and his staff have been nothing short of amazing!  Through seizures, and even a 6 month paralization, his team has been there for me through it all.  I'm so greatful for a vet that truly loves my puppy like I do.  Dr. Tack and his staff are the best animal hospital in Las Vegas, hands down.
5	Great location, great staff. Dr Wiggers was fantastic. We are new to the area so having a great vet like this is comforting.
5	Everything about this place is just amazing. I am so happy to have found Blue Cross and Dr. Wiggers. My dog actually loves going here. He starts barking in the car when we pull up. They give the best medical care for your animal. They have never tried to do anything that was not necessary. They always give you an estimate of how much it will cost up front. Their prices are reasonable and I am sure if it was an emergency they would work with you. They would never let an animal stay in pain.Blue Cross also has a really cute Facebook page and you can check out what is going on at the clinic. They also send out newsletters with coupons for dental discounts and reminders for upcoming services needed.They also have a website for customers that allows you to go on and make appointments, get medical records, etc. This is a great clinic and I would never go anywhere else.
5	I am the daughter of a veterinarian and have grown up working in the field as well, so I hate to say it but I am a bit of a "vet snob." I was so impressed with Dr. Wiggers and her staff though, they met my approval! I have only been there once for the free check up for a NSPCA adopted dog, but it was a very good experience. My dog is very fearful at vet clinics too and Dr. Wiggers made sure to be extra gentle and gave lots of treats to make it a postive experience for my pup as well. I went to this clinic because several people had recommended it, and it definitely lived up to the recommendations.
5	Would never consider taking our three dogs anyplace else. If you value your pets health and love them as we do, Dr. David Tack and his staff at Blue Cross animal hospital is the only game in town. Many vets alot closer to our home but the trip is absolutely worthwhile.
5	They got me in last minute to see my big baby Scooby for a cyst that ruptured on his neck :(  Everyone, from reception to the vet techs, was very friendly and helpful.  I saw the vet, Dr. Beerenstrauch, within five minutes of my arrival, and he was also very friendly and informative.  Scoob the Boob got his wound shaved and cleaned, we got some meds, and we were on our way.  Easy.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!After a horrible experience at another vet, we tried Blue Cross and fell in love! My poor little dachshund (Diablo) had IVDD, an open abscess, high liver counts and was horribly mistreated for 3 days by a so called vet, who only cares about money and not about the well being of animals. They tried to push expensive surgery on us without trying any other alternative first. They refused to treat his infection unless we did surgery on his back-telling us it was unethical to treat him without surgery.We walked into Blue Cross and immediately felt welcome! The front desk staff was so friendly and helpful. We were helped right away and the vet techs and staff were again so friendly and treated my baby with love. Dr. Wiggers is amazing! She listened to our whole story, and talked it over with us. I felt that she cared so much about helping my dog. She went over different courses of action for him, letting us know what her recommendation was but not pushing anything on us. We decided on a path of care and Diablo starting improving within a day! By the end of the week he was his old self!I can't say enough wonderful things about Dr. Wiggers and every person at their office. I am so thankful that they were there to fix the horrible experience we had elsewhere. They definitely do so much more than the basics, but I'm thankful that is the ground they built themselves on. They know pets are family, they treat them as their own, they show them love and they really want them to be healthy and happy. I would give them way more stars than 5 if I could! Thank you Blue Cross-You Rock!!
5	Dr. Wiggers was really great with my cat, and with me as well. She took care of all my concerns, and helped make sure I wasn't paying for anything unnecessary. She followed up personally to let me know how the lab results came out. The rest of the staff was efficient and friendly, and were able to work me in right away without an appointment. I'll be coming back.
2	I was in search for a new vet for my new puppy, and I came across Blue Cross Animal Hospital (no affiliation to Blue Cross and Blue Shield).  I called in to inquire about prices for the puppy shot, and they quoted me a reasonable figure, so I decided to go with them.  The vet who administered the shots was not gentle with my puppy, and my puppy's bottom was sore for 2 days after the shots.  Prior to this visit, I have never had a dog scream due to pain after a shot.  Not to mention that when it was time to check out, my bill exceeded the quoted amount.  This place deceived me; I was over-charged, and received below average service.I ended up taking my dog back to the vet that I am familiar with for the remainder of his puppy shots.  Even though it is further from my house it is worth it.  They took my puppy into a separate room so that he wouldn't associate the shot with "me", and he wasn't screaming after he received his shots; perhaps because the doctor at my familiar vet was gentler and showed more empathy!  If you like to be "sold", this may be the place for you, but I'm not with all of that dishonesty.  I will not be returning to this animal hospital, and based on my experience I do not recommend it.
5	We recently lost our wonderful friend, Brownie.  Dr. Cortez and the entire staff at the Blue Cross Animal Hospital were helpful, compassionate and very professional.  She became ill very quickly and we were not prepared to hear that it was time to let her go.  The staff explained every procedure (and the cost) to us and Dr. Cortez was right there with me through the procedure.  We will eventually get another dog and this hospital will be where we take our pets. MaryAnn B
5	Our dogs have been seeing Dr. Wiggers for the three years we have lived in Las Vegas. We had the unfortunate situation where our old dog fell seriously ill.  The vet stayed in touch to check up on our dog after our initial visit with the affliction.  After several days, we had to make the difficult decision to say goodbye.  Dr. Wiggers and the staff were sensitive to our needs and handled the ordeal with compassion and professionalism.  We were lucky to have picked this animal hospital when we moved.
5	Excellent care and grooming. I live in CA but my parents and animals live in Vegas and this is the animal hospital for people who love their pets as if they are family.
5	We've been taking our pup here for 5 years now. Staff is always so friendly.. We love Dr Wiggers :)
5	I have used vets all over the country.  We use this vet dr. tack for over fifteen years he is the best!  I would not trust my pets with any other vet clinic in Las Vegas!
