5	A friend implored me to add Asia Subba to yelp. And here is my gleeful compliance. Asia Subba opened up about a month ago, and I was waiting for the right moment to go, namely someone else offering to buy me dinner. The restaurant offers sushi, Indian and Nepalese food. We came specifically for the Nepalese food as I had never tried it before. We tried the pork , lamb, samusas and chicken fried rice. The lamb was amazing, very juicy and flavorful . All the entrees came with curried vegetables and steamed rice. There were also Nepalese pickled veggies that my friend referred to as a "warm condiment". The samusas were less spiced than the Indian version that I amAccustomed to and my son ate his fried rice. The restaurant is clean and air conditioned! Also Mr.Subba, the owner is super friendly. Please note that the restaurant is located up stairs.
5	Very nice fresh food. Exact spicy level mouthwatering asain food. Even steam food momos are great to eat
5	Great food. Cheap but high quality and nice atmosphere. Will definitely go back and recommend to friends.
4	Before giving Subba a try I have never had Nepali food before.  If you are a fan of Indian and Asian flavors - chances are you would really enjoy this place.  I decided to eat here after hearing reading several decent reviews on the Allegheny City Central Facebook page..  The food here, in my opinion, was excellent.  I shared the pan-seared Momos as an appetizer, I had the Nepali Chicken, and my boyfriend had the General Tso's chicken (he wasn't feeling as adventurous).  Everything was well-seasoned, well prepared, and delicious.  The service we had was great, very friendly and informative about the food.  I will say that Subba did not have the best ambiance and it did take awhile to get our food - even though there were not many people inside.  I know this is a new place and hopefully they are still working out some of the kinks.  I think if this place could re-decorate a bit, maybe paint, lower the lights, have some candles, and promote itself as a BYOB - I think this could be a real hidden gem.  If you feel like trying something new I recommend giving Subba a try.
5	I had never had Nepali food before, but everything we tried was delicious and extremely reasonably priced.  The flavors bordered on Indian and other Asian cuisines, but had something unique about them as well, especially the curry gravy that my main chicken dish came in.  The momo (dumplings) were clearly homemade and really wonderful.  The pan-fried chicken dumplings were probably my favorite, but the veggie dumplings were also delicious, with hints of curry, cinnamon, and a spicy sauce.  Looking forward to returning!The dining area is nothing exciting, but we were there for the food, not the atmosphere.
4	Four of us wanted to try this restaurant before going to see a show at the Hazlett Theater.  The food was excellent. We tried both the chicken and vegetable momos (steamed dumplings); we liked them both although we all agreed that the chicken was tastier. Among us we also ordered chicken biryani, chicken curry, and a lamb and pork dish. All were good, as was the naan. We ordered primarily from the Nepali and. Indian selections. The portions are generous and the food was very inexpensive ($44 for everything). The service needs some work, so I recommend leaving sufficient time if you are going somewhere afterward. Entrees were brought out one at a time (well, one, then another one, then two), but since we were all sharing it did not matter as much. I will definitely go back.
4	This is as authentic as it can get for a Nepali Cuisine at least in Pittsburgh. As a fellow Nepali and an avid cook myself - I'm pretty confident about my taste bud when it comes to food. Although, this place serves Indian, Chinese and Japanese - I highly recommend anyone who visits this place to go with the Nepali Menu.Although some of the items might share some resemblance with Chinese or the Indian Dish - this is far from the truth. The Nepali dish has a certain uniqueness when it comes to flavor.My highly recommended items on the Nepali Menu would be the Momo(s) either the pan fried or the steamed. They're both home made including the wrapper and the sauce that comes with the Momo is very spicy. So, you might want to request the chef to decrease the amount of spice.The Thali (Rice, Variety of vegetables, Lentils and meat curry of your choice) was very good. However, the amount of curry spice used were a little more than what I wanted.Last but not the least - the price is super reasonable. I'm sure they will raise the price as it's popularity grows but at least for now try all you can.
5	First time having Nepal food. Best I can describe it is Chinese with curry. I was very impressed with the quality of ingredients.  I will be coming back.
5	Oooooh, just ate here yesterday and cannot wait to go back! Two of us shared the vegetable momo and ordered the Nepali vegetable dish and the Indian vegetable curry. The momo dumplings were the kind of chewy that I love, with a delicately spiced filling and a most amazing dipping sauce. The sauce was pretty spicy (I detected what I believe to be habanero, yum!) and it did overcome the aromatic quality of the momo, but it was soooo magical, I would be happy to put it on anything, all of the time! And I was in luck, because more came with the entrees! The Nepali vegetables and the Indian curry were the exact same dish - we didn't mind only because it was especially delicious; appropriately spicy (this time more like chili and/or cayenne), not heavy or oily and decidedly savory (not sweet like some Asian styles) with freshly cooked broccoli, cauliflower, carrots and potatoes.  One of the veggie dishes (not sure if it was the Nepali or the Indian - again they were the same dish), came on a thali style platter with homemade pickles (mild), a little mix of greens and garlic, an *extremely* tasty dal, plus my new favorite condiment. And rice, both entrees came with rice - nothing too remarkable about that, but the rice did seem to have been cooked in a broth, maybe with a little butter (I'm not a fan of that latter bit, but I feel that it indicates particular care in the preparation). I really, really look forward to returning to Subba (wish it was closer to me).
5	This restaurant is definitely one to add to the rotation of favorites!  We started with the steamed vegetarian momos; they were delicious, plentiful (eight!), and served with a dipping sauce unlike any other I'd ever tried.  So good.  We also got an order of vegetable pakora, and those were really different from the sort you get at Indian restaurants--softer and almost creamy inside with lots of subtle flavors.  Yum!After this mountain of food (we did not expect appetizers to be meal-sized, especially at such low prices) came our entree platters.  We ordered from the Nepali menu and got these wonderful trays of small dishes, each more delicious than the next.  I don't usually care about daal, but Subba's is amazing.  The chicken, the vegetables, the pickle-- everything on my tray was a treat.  The flavors were varied but complemented each other really well.  I stopped feeling hungry about five bites in, but the deliciousness kept tempting me back for more.  So worth the indulgence!And all of this at really, really low prices.  I almost laughed when we got the check; so much cheaper than you'd expect for the quality and portion sizes.  They make their mango lassi with coconut; you need to try this.The staff was so nice!The place is clean and cute.  The kitchen, which you can see on your right as you enter was spotless.Subba's Nepali menu isn't comparable to anything else in Pittsburgh right now.  This place is a gem.  Just go!
5	Great little restaurant, well worth the trip to the north side. We got steamed veg momo, very flavorful and spicy - which we like. The lamb and chicken Nepali dishes were both fantastic, although the lamb was the hands down favorite. Each came with 5-6 little side dishes that were all tasty additions - some chopped savory Nepali greens, pickled carrots, lentil soup, etc. Finished up with "Indian flavored tea" (aka chai) that was so creamy and rich.The owner is just getting started and clearly knows Nepali cooking. I plan to come here often and everyone else should too.
5	My roommate told me I had to try Nepal food, and apparently this is the place to do it.  Holy crap is this place a great value.  If Nepali food isn't your cup of tea, they have chinese and indian food as well (I haven't had a chance to try those yet).  As other people have said the momo dumplings are worth trying (you get around 10-12 for $5) and you could probably make your meal out of just that.  The mango lassi might be the best lassi I've ever had. The decor could use a little updating, but you're here for the food. Service was good and the food came out very quickly.  The place is also BYOB.  Subba is a hidden gem and worth checking out.
5	This place was delicious. Soooo cheap for such delicious food. From the Nepali appetizers to the entree. Momos are delicious. Entrees are all delicious. Will come back repeatedly.
4	My friend and I were a bit confused when the door to Subba was locked on a Friday afternoon, but after a phone call, the owner ran down and let us in. It seemed like he wasn't planning on being open, but after seeing our hungry faces, he offered to cook for us.It quickly became apparent that this is a one man operation. The owner was cook, server, and cleaner. And he couldn't have been more friendly.We started with the dumplings. Delicious and plentiful, and the sauce had a real kick. I got the lamb platter for my main... it was filled with a colorful assortment of sides, and the spices and flavors were so diverse. Everything was tasty, and seemed quite fresh.The decor needs some serious work, but nevertheless, it's an experience worth checking out. And the value is great... we left stuffed for only a few bucks.
4	I just had a delicious meal at subba- the Nepali chicken was so flavorful and had just the right amount of spice. My less adventuresome dining partner had general Tsos chicken and he swears it's the best he's ever had. The service was on the slower side, but very gracious and welcoming. You could tell it's a small operation and just the kind of tasty find you really want to see succeed. We even got a free special Diwali treat at the end of our meal. Were already looking forward to returning to try some more dishes!
1	Upon hearing that there was a Nepali restaurant in the Northside I wanted to obviously give it a try. I however have not tried it. The photo of the menu on urban spoon apparently is wrong... this caused some confusion and as I tried to order the person on the phone became short with me and tried forcing me into a dish I did not want. I see the reviews and am sure the food is great but will never attempt to return due to the extremely poor attitude.
5	Came here for dinner on a Tuesday and have no idea why this place would be as empty as it was. The service was good and the food was amazing! We had the chicken & broccoli and the mixed grill lo mein and recommend both dishes to others. Everyone should come and try this hidden gem in the Northside!
4	Subba is located at the corner of East Ohio and Cedar on Pittsburgh's lovely northside on the second floor of a very unassuming building.  When we arrived, the owner (I think) was in the kitchen helping the chef.  I know this because a friendly family that dines there all the time, and the restaurant's only guests last night, told me so.  We took a seat and he came out shortly thereafter to greet us with a mile-wide grin.  I ordered the Lamb Nepali and my mumsie ordered the Chicken Nepali.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but what arrived was a series of small silver bowls with a variety of ingredients surrounding a bed of jasmine (I think) rice.  I threw everything onto the rice and hoped for the best.  I was not disappointed.  Nepali not your thing?  Subba also offers a Chinese menu so you can chow on General Tso's 'til your heart's content (and it did look delicious).  At $25 total for the two of us, it was a cheap date and the food was wonderful.  On the spicy side, so be forewarned, but a lovely departure from the casino buffet which we were tempted to drown ourselves in after losing our collective shirts at Rivers earlier that day.  Give Subba a try. The owner is so sweet and the food so delicious - truly a diamond in the rough.
4	Working in Allegheny Center Mall, there aren't a lot of great food options.  I was excited to learn about Subba and was eager to try it for the first time.The first time I tried to eat here, the "open" sign was lit, but the door was locked.  I was glad I had only made a short walk from work rather than a special trip.  I later learned that sometimes they are there and "open" but for some reason don't have the door unlocked.  If you ever go and find this to be the case, give them a call and they will likely come down and unlock the door for you.You enter a side door and have to go up a staircase to enter the restaurant.  Try not to be put off by the barren appearance of the stairs and the basic appearance of the restaurant.  The food is wonderful.  I had the chicken Nepali.  It comes with several sides and each was more deliciuos than the next.  There is a lot of food, so come hungry.  There were some pieces of chicken that were a bit tough, but with as tasty as everything else was, I overlooked it.I also ordered the momo (dumplings).  They come with this incredibly tasty sauce that has a bit of a zing to it.  If you aren't adventerous enough to try the Nepalese cuisine, they also offer some traditional chinese options and even a few sushi rolls (although all but one was blocked off with tape on my menu).Overall, a fun and different dining experience.  I recommend giving it a try.  Just make sure you call first to ensure the door is actually unlocked...
5	Delicious hidden gem on the Northside!  We tried the pan fried momas for an appetizer which are similar to Korean mandu (dumpling).  Must be made in house because they were *so* fresh. The Lamb Nepali entree was super flavorful and had multiple veggie sides with buttery jasmine rice.  Their mango lassi was a perfect pairing to cool off the spice -not too sweet or too yogurt tart.
5	I LOVE their food, especially the Nepali dishes. The only caution I give is to perhaps avoid the Szechuan Beef. When I got it, a lot of the pieces of beef were leather tough and there was not a hint of spicyness in this. I hope it was just a fluke/one time thing.
4	About time I did a real review! So the food here is spectacular! Makes you feel horrible about the food you used to think was good! The temp was great. Hot. The music was soothing... Only issue, we received the chicken Nepali before our app. When the 2nd entree came, so did another Nepali chicken. Everyone was confused. The first dish was for a different table.
3	This place had great reviews so I thought I would give it a try. The mango lassi was good but the tea with "Indian spices" was amazing. We ordered the steamed momo dumplings and they were good the sauce was a little more spicy than you would want. The lassi was a perfect compliment. We tried the chicken and lamb napali dishes. These are spicy. Very good but spicy. This was a nice touch of out of the ordinary but I don't need to go back. Unless they start serving that tea to go.
