4	Today was my second visit to the new Farmers' Market location in Old Town.  I restocked fresh veggies from McClendons Farms, bought another loaf of Cranberry Orange bread from AZ Bread Company and sampled & purchased a bottle of Craig's Dressing from Terra Verde Farms out of Rimrock.  I ran out of cash but next week will plan to purchase "smoked collars" from a wild salmon vendor.  The vacuum sealed packages were frozen but looked tempting a la Pike's Market in Seattle.The veggies, bread and fresh roasted almonds purchased last week were pretty much exhausted so will be looking forward to restocking on future Saturday's between 8:30 AM and 1 PM until the season ends in the spring and AZ returns to heat.
4	This farmers market is really accessible...though i'm not convinced there were any farmers there. McClendon's Market was the only green grocer in attendance and frankly their prices (even for organic) were ridiculous. $2 for 1 pound of apples. You know how many apples that is? 2. They aren't filled with diamonds people. But everything else at this market is really great and all the vendors are SUPER friendly! I had wine (at 10AM, now that's living!), agave nectar, coffee, tamale samples and a free 15 minute chair massage. I also really like that it is in the parking corral on 2nd and there are plenty of spots for all the shoppers. This is the third week the market has been open and it will run through April. I think if you are seriously dedicated to organic produce and other edible items you will be VERY happy with this market.
4	This is a good-sized market.  On a Saturday morning, there's really no better place to be in Scottsdale (I say that like I go there a lot :)).  However, I am not sure how many of the produce stands are staffed by local farmers.  At the Downtown Phoenix market, I think they all are (?).  I wish I would've known about the parking, as I parked about six blocks away, but it was nice to walk a bit.  The best thing I got at this market was a loaf of rosemary olive oil bread from AZ Bread Company.  Oh.  My.  God.
5	This is by far the best farmer's market I've been to in the Valley.  Still small by comparison to LA and the Bay Area but is off to a great start with lots of potential and space to grow into.McClendon has a great spread of high quality mainly organic produce and is constantly restocking so it's ok if you don't get there first thing.  It was exciting to see beautiful Tuscan kale and broccoli rabe at prices lower than Sprouts.  Meyer lemons and blood oranges were also available.Phoenician's outstanding loaves were only $3. You're welcome to sample - we particularly liked the Olive Walnut and Dark Chocolate Cherry.We enjoyed Digestif's Frittata ($4) made with thin layers of potato, eggs, pork belly and spinach.  Other combinations available were Dandelion with Goat Cheese and Mushrooms with Garlic Confit. Executive Chef Payton Curry is also there to demonstrate pulling fresh mozzarella which is served with a variety of sauces and toppings,It was fun walking around this bustling market sampling food, like tamales, which we intend to come back for next week.  If I can get myself out of bed at a decent hour on Sat, I'll be here for sure every week until the season ends in May.
5	Woohoo!  This is definitely as good as it gets for farmers' market around here.  McClendon dominates with a large corner space, and the long lines to prove it.  Maya farm also has a good presence.  But there were also two other small growers this morning, one of which has really good looking heirloom tomatoes.  The chocolate bread fromt he Phoenician hit my sweet spot straight on.  I also really liked the tomale stand with vegan option. Next time I'll try to check out the bbq man. Now this is something worth getting up early on a Saturday for.
5	I second Helen Y.!! This is certainly one of the finest farmers markets in the valley! So many cool things my hands were full of bags! So much to chose from! Even found brussel sprouts still on the stalk! It doesn't get much fresher then that! Rancho Pinot was there serving focaccia sandwiches made the braised greens, whole grain mustard and Schreiner's Fine Sausage, amazingly good! Oh gawd, there was the little old lady selling pickles and preserves, ForgetMeNot Catering.. I ended up buying her pickles and a jar of Strawberry Rhubarb preserves, out of this world tasty! Slather some on a slice of bread from Phoenician Bakery.. it rivals good sex! When you get a chance, check it out.. its not close to being anything like what you would find in San Francisco but for Phoenix/Scottsdale, its perfectly awesome!
5	We are big fans of OTFM!We had been going to the Phoenix Downtown Market on Saturdays for a year + now & love it. It's just a bit of a hike for us. We also participated in Maya's Farm's CSA the last go around & have been missing our market visits.Well, we've been going religiously to OTFM now for some time & pretty much cannot miss it.It just continues to get better & better (and more & more crowded).McClendon Farms has a big spread there & the produce is awesome. They have enough variety that we don't even have to supplement produce purchases with supermarket visits at all.My other favorite thing about OTFM is that they have GREAT food.Highlights for me:-Payton Curry is typically there (some representative of Digestif always is) & has killer dishes. We've had awesome chili, wonderful frittatas & even fresh hand pulled mozzarella with bagna cauda (which is probably our new favorite find of the past several months).-Tracey Dempsey (desert genius of assorted Kasperski spots) is there & has wonderful creations. She typically has a great offering from Cowboy Ciao as well.-Chrysa Kaufman & Rancho Pinot are there showcasing McClendon produce. Whatever they have flat out rocks. I've had amazing sandwiches there every time, unbelievable bean & sausage soup & about 50 glasses of meyer lemonade (the kids help).The other absolute must for us is the bread by the Phoenician folks. They have a chocolate cherry sourdough which is insane. Pairs wonderfully with red wine & coffee (so it's easy to do twice in a day). Their other breads are awesome too.That's enough for me to already be a win. I absolutely love that the chefs of some of the great local independent spots were there chatting & interacting with the community. Makes me doubly want to patronize their restaurants. It seems as if the chefs are pairing up with local farms as well.Other faves: -The tamale folks from Downtown Market are there with their excellent product. Unfortunately, they don't focus much on food sales on the spot but more on frozen packets for home.  We love their tamales (especially their chicken/mole).-There is a hot dog stand using Vienna Beef & doing Chicago style dogs with sport peppers, celery salt & all. Food is good but be prepared to wait.-There is also an interesting looking huge BBQ smoker which I need to try. Heard it was great from some folks we talked to.-Maya's Farm is there. Produce looked great.-There was an interesting vegan desert stall which was quite yummy that we'll be checking out more closely as well (dairy/egg allergic kids).-Several artisan bread stalls...And throughout the day, they also have live music which gives it a nice vibe.Was bummed Tortillas Rosario isn't there any longer. Hopefully they'll return as they were there early on. Excited that Seacat Gardens will also be coming back soon!Have also heard Sweet Republic will have a presence soon which we'll be totall psyched for.Fresh eggs are scarce. We've been too late but have heard that Maya & the goat lady have eggs. Definitely something that they need more of.They also do the write your order down on a card & go pay at a central location type thing like Downtown Phoenix Market as well but there are a couple vendors who only take cash.If you need it, there is an ATM just north of 1st street on Brown (west side of the street) - I needed it.Anyway, for us, it's by far our favorite farmers market in town!
4	Old Town Farmers' Market (aka OTFM) keeps getting better and better!We walked over last Saturday and I was blown away by how many more vendors were there than last time I was there... and it had only been a few weeks!Good thing we brought some eco-friendly reusable bags because we filled them up with groceries... fresh produce, flowers, chocolate cherry bread, and more... It's not only quality product, but feels good to give back to the community.  We spent all of our money and that was before we even had a chance to purchase ice cream from Sweet Republic (and their sweet new truck) or cupcakes from Butter & Me (that look amazing).But no worries, we'll be back this weekend - it's now part of our Saturday morning routine!In the meantime, we've been enjoying the scent of the fresh flowers in the house, and fueling our bodies with all kinds of fresh fruits and veggies... it's amazing how much better these things taste when purchased directly from OTFM compared to a chain grocery store.  Go do your own taste test... I bet you'll agree with me!
5	Just some more OTFM tidbits as going there is one of the highlights of our week.As mentioned still coming in the original review, Sweet Republic and Seacat Gardens are now at OTFM.Sweet Republic has been there for a few weeks and comes with their super cool orange & white bus (NW corner). They've got a selection of 7 or 8 ice creams & sorbets, their homemade granola, cookies, coffee, tea and other drinks. So psyched they're there!As of this week, Seacat Gardens is now back to stay at OTFM. James Porter of Tapino will be hanging out with Carl (Seacat) and using his ingredients in a dish or two. The word is that Seacat's awesome heirloom tomatoes will be there in 2 or 3 weeks (5 or 6 varieties). He's growing 14 varieties of heirloom tomatoes. And I'm sure we'll see other interesting, gorgeous produce to come. Glad to see the "Gucci Gardner" at OTFM as some call him.There are also a few egg vendors now. You still have to get there reasonably early but the Butter lady has a selection of eggs of different sizes. Super tasty. The goat lady usually has eggs early too.As far as new finds, in addition to the killer lemonade by Rancho Pinot, they had an amazing pink grapefruit mint cooler. I don't even like grapefruit and I was jumping the wall to get some of our neighbors' grapefruits today to try to mimic (with permission of course). Also like the tasty chorizo burrito by Gil's of Taos. Tried a couple other of the burritos & the chorizo is definitely our favorite.As far as the other faves, of course we frequent McClendon Farms (amazing produce), Phoenician Bread (about 4 weekly must  have varieties), Digestif (for Payton Curry's hand pulled mozzarella & awesome frittatas) and Rancho Pinot (juices & killer sandwiches/soups) without fail.Will be so sad if the market does close for the summer. At present, we've heard they may try to keep the market open year around & employ some shading although it will be sad to see McClendon absent for the few months he stops selling.
5	Thanks to Chris L's first review, OTFM has been on my list of places to go for quite some time.  Unfortunately, I just can't seem to get my act together on Saturday mornings.  Today was the day.  I was ready by 9 (am, not pm)!After a quick stop at the ATM, we were there, Yelp canvas bags in hand, and not disappointed.  I had to get that chocolate cherry bread from Phoenician Bakery.  I sampled an itsy, bitsy little piece and it was still like heaven exploded in my mouth.  We also purchased zucchini bread, honey (which I've already mixed with some mascarpone cheese and slathered on strawberries), grapefruit marmalade (yum), dates, and fresh flowers.The breakfast burritos from Gil's Taste of Taos were some damn good burritos.  Saving for next time...fresh produce (the lines were already long for McClendon's and I'm not one to wait for veggies) and everything else I wanted (like tamales).We saw our own Gabi K's other half wandering down the street too...he looked so lost without her:(  Hope he brought her some flowers.
5	Another OTFM update...Today the market took another step.  Went from the existing box formation to 3 rows. Looked a little cramped but it appears they'll be able to support a lot more vendors.Heard amazing news as well.  Heard that in the summer, OTFM is going to move from it's current spot to directly below in the underground parking garage. Love this idea. One of the bummers of being a farmer's market lover in the Phoenix metro area is that it gets brutal in the summer months. Downtown Market at least has the fans, evap coolers & shading. Helps a bit but going underground in the summer months should make OTFM quite comfortable. Heard talk of fans, misters, etc. also being brought into the equation. Totally psyched about it.  Do have a couple other recent finds to share as well. The lemon custard/Bubble Up float from Sweet Republic is amazing. Perfect as the days are getting hot. Today we got lucky & someone didn't pick up their special order from Phoenician Bread. We scored some cottage cheese/dill bread rolls which had been brushed with melted butter and sprinkled with sea salt. Chef Ben is awesome. Also officially addicted to Digestif's frittatas. They've become a weekly staple.  Today's pancetta/gorgonzola was super yum. The garnishes also stand way out.
5	First time visit at OTFM!  Enjoyed it immensely.  Small little market with lots of great stuff!  Organic veggies, fruits, flowers, healthy food, massage, tamales, art.  Downtown Scottsdale is a nice place to visit too! Mini vacation!PS.  They have real restrooms!
4	I was debating between OTFM and DPPM for my first (real) AZ farmers market experience (I checked out the one at El Encanto Dos off Carefree Hwy a few weeks ago, but that one sucked big time so I think that hardly qualifies as a farmers mkt). After asking the helpful Yelpers on Talk, I decided that my aunt & I would go to OTFM and save DPPM for next time. We arrived around 11:15am and easily found parking at the 1st Ave x Brown parking lot. After a quick two block walk, we were delighted to see the rows of tents. Our first stop was McClendon produce where I picked up a golden beet ($2/lb), a red beet ($2/lb), a bundle of Tuscan Kale (I think it was $2), a pomelo ($2.50??) , a cup of basil ($2) and four tomatoes ($3.50/lb). While waiting for my aunt, I meandered over to the jelly stand. After sampling various flavors, I purchased a $6 jar of tangerine marmalade that I think would go fantastic w/ rack of lamb (I usually use orange marm). After my aunt paid for her huge basket of produce, the cashier guy was kind enough to let us leave some stuff behind their area while we cont'd to shop. Our next stop was a nondescript booth that apparently made fresh mozzarrella on site. Oh joy!! It was so delicious when the sample was topped with a little pesto! We picked up a tub each. Pricey at $8 each, but we couldn't resist.As we continued our lap around the area, we picked up canned albacore & salmon ($8 each), 2 loaves of bread ($3 each) from the Phoenician (sooo bummed I didn't get to try the chocolate cherry bread bc they were out of it, but that's a great excuse to see the cute worker again ;-) ), 1/2 a dozen tamales ($11) and a scoop of cantaloupe sorbet from the Sweet Republic truck ($3). We would've gotten a small bottle of balsamic vinegar ($18), but they were out of the flavor that we liked most (raspberry). All in all, OTFM is considerably smaller than what I'm used to in CA (SF & LA), but it was still enjoyable nonetheless. The weather was beautiful yesterday and I got to sample some local flavor. I'd definitely visit again even if it's 45mins away. BTW: the strawberries from McClendon have a wonderful strawberry frangrance, but they aren't very sweet. Neither is the pomelo. The sourdough is good. The tamale was very flavorful but a bit salty (I think it was the Tex Mex one that I ate?? It's flavored ground meat w/ a hunk of cheese in it). I ate some cold mozzarrella w/ the tamale to subdue the saltiness. I can't wait to make a caprese salad later!!! That's all I've tried so far.....
5	So, I just wanted to give a big THANK YOU to my fellow Yelpers for telling me about the OTFM! As a result of your reviews, I tried it out on Saturday with the BF and am now addicted! Forget Trader's and Whole Paycheck...this is where I'm buying my fruits and veggies from now on! Just as it was described, this is the perfect size for shopping for local and/or organic food that is absolutely to die for! Who knew you could actually get tomatoes in AZ that taste like the ones I had in the summer in Michigan! Simply fantastic! Don't forget the basil and strawberries too!I didn't get a chance to try the often raved about Phoenician bread as I didn't want to make the GF BF jealous, but it looked amazing and it will be on my shopping list this week! Thank you again as this is a great find!
4	Want to know how to wake this Diva Goddess up early on a Saturday morning? Tell her there's a Farmer's Market that sells delicious and fresh food! DING! I had the pleasure of visiting the OTFM with Mr. Hottie and my favorite Foodie Bear and what an adventure it was!! I won't write too terribly much about it, because how many reviews can you read about fresh produce and freshly baked goods? A highlight of my visit was the fresh mozzarella I bought from the Digestif booth. I watched it get freshly formed and was educated about where their ingredients come from. It was SO yummy! I also visited the Sweet Republic bus, and the McLendon Farms operation. WOW! I also got to meet a few fellow yelpers and share some yummy bread from their quest for fresh goods. I will certainly return to OTFM! (I heard a rumor that they will be moving the market into the underground parking area for the summer time) It was such a pleasure eating a meal made from the fresh ingredients purchased from local vendors!
4	If I compare t what I grew up with in Santa Barbara it is a 2 but would not be in any way fair.  I got there over an hour before they opened so I had time to go for breakfast and walk around Old Town.  Got there right at 8 and the first stop was McClenden farms where I got zucchini and yellow crookneck that had been picked when they were supposed to and tomatoes and green onions.  I later saw some really nice bennings green tint at another booth but already had enough squash.  I got a couple jars of preserves at Terra Verde.  Terra Verde will be there only sporadically for the rest of the season.  A loaf of sourdough from Arizona Bread company.  And of course Sweet Republic.  I knew this is the time of year for Peach ice cream but in case I did not make it over for some reason I did not call ahead of time to make sure that was one of the flavors loaded on the truck.  As Helen started down the list I stopped her at peach.  :-)  I am planning on making the trek across the valley once more before the end of the season.  This coming Saturday is planned to be the first underground.
3	Not to shabby.  I walked over here this morning to give it a look.  Lots of your regular booths you see at every art fair.  Then there are some random organic veggie growers.  I was most impressed with one big veggie dealer.  I wish I remembered the name but they had a wonderful selection of unique produce that cost an arm and a leg in the stores.  I grabbed some organic carrots that were different colors and fingerling potatoes.  Everything looked fresh.  I don't understand how the guy who sells honey or bbq sauce stays in business.  $12 for a normal sized bottle of bbq sauce is a little steep.
4	i lived in san luis obispo for a few months and they have one of the best weekly, outdoor farmers markets i've ever been to (in the U.S. anyway)....and not counting the Dekalb Farmers Market in Atlanta. the SLO market had tons of vendors, bands, performers, tons of food, arts/crafts, everything. so of course, i compare everything else to that. but the old town market is pretty cool. they have a great selection of organic veggies and they are absolutely beautiful. so colorful and fresh, and full of flavor. we only buy a couple of things, but it's just fun to be out and about with the dog and enjoying our great weather. some of the other vendors there...the goat cheese, desserts, and organic salmon are, i'm sure, good, but way too expensive for our budget. unfortunately, you can't run a household and still afford to buy salmon at 20 bucks a pound. all the same, nice place to walk around a buy a carrot or two. plus, you can always browse the touristy shops of old town, which i always like to do.
4	Went to the Old Town Farmers Market in Snobsdale this morning and had a great time! Not only was there a Yelp stand there giving away free reusable tote bags, I filled up my new reusable tote bag with lots of goodies! I bought some jalapeno cheese bread which was really fresh and tasty. I also broke down and bought some mango salsa at $9.99 a jar.. I know! But it's hard to find a good mango salsa! I also had a breakfast burrito which I definitely recommend.
4	Good times today at the Farmer' Market. Seemed like the best Phoenix experience  for a farmer's market yet!  McClendons had loads of yummy organic local veggies and fruits.  I purchased Golden beets, purple cauliflower, leeks, fresh tomatoes and pretty tangelos. Mom says their Swiss  chard isn't as pretty as mine ..thanks mom! Got a super fresh tasty loaf of sourdough, the whole family loved it. Got to taste cheese curds , y'all realize it's just cheese right?  Said  hey to the Queen Creek Olive Oil lady , we swapped oil ideas and she let us know they are coming up with new flavors next month ...chocolate oil being one of them !! Yummy idea. Made a few face connections with my old friends the Crows( Crow's Dairy) who have gone from milk production to goat cheese production , nice to reconnect. I am looking forward to visiting them when they open for tours in the fall.Wished it had been warmer so I 'd felt ready for some ice cream but alas even I at 9:30 in the am wasn't quite ready . Gabi , Daniel and Sarah G.  so nice to say Hi! Can't wait to go back!
4	It was my first time at the market, I spent the day there at Kids Korner Hanging out with Gabi decorating Yelp Bags. The kids booth is just as busy as any of the other vendors it was a lot of fun! I made a few laps and was really happy to see all the fresh produce and food items. I bought organic golden beets, tri-colored carrots, broccoli, butternut squash, meyer lemons, sweet potatoes, romaine and something that I don't even remember what it is ;-) at McClendons. I tried some amazing vegan tamales....SOLD! I'm not even vegan but they were delicious with corn, spinach and mushrooms. I had an equally delicious Raw Organic Vegan wrap from Chef Sarah's booth (not me) (see pics) It had Almond Hummus, Tapenade, and a bunch of veggies and greens all wrapped up in a collard green leaf. I also bought 3 loaves of bread from the Phoenicians IL Terrazzo. A Rosemary, A Pecan, Raisin and Currant and Ridiculously tasty Chocolate Cherry Sourdough which didn't even make it through the night! I topped it all off with a scoop of Love in the form of Basil Lime Sorbet from Sweet Republic. It was a great day and I will be back!
4	We made our first pilgrimage (Ok, it wasn't really a pilgrimage, more like a half hour drive) out to OTFM on Saturday.  It was great to run into Gabi, David B, Kevin H, Joel L and several other Yelpers we hadn't seen in a bit.We made our way around the stalls a couple times and sampled everything from apple butter to white truffle infused olive oil.The produce selection was nice, especially for mid-winter.  There was some live music and generally people milling about having a nice time on a Saturday morning.We decided we will definitely be back every month or so.  All in all a nice Valley experience.
5	This was a veritable who's who of the twitter/yelp scene.  i felt honored just to be there.  after breakfast at LGO we went to OTFM just because we could, and saw Nathan S (and Maura, with Buckley and Mabel), Andrew K, Julia T, Sam L., and Joel L. among others I'm sure. My wife and I brought our son, The One, and annoyed everyone with the stroller which in all likelihood would have been much more annoying if it were earlier in the day.That would have been a small price to pay if we *could* have gotten there earlier because we could have had some of the legendary bread that everyone talks about.  as it was we were too late, and all we had to choose from was a block of rye and I think a sundried tomato loaf.  The burrito that Andrew was eating was sporting an amazing looking tortilla, buttery and wonderful. But... we weren't there to eat, we were there to buy stuff for dinner that was consistent with our new (depressing) quasi-vegan lifestyle.  And OTFM did not disappoint. Someone was running around with some sexy-lookin' purple cauliflower and so being the follower that I am, I had to have some. Although they were out one of the workers tracked me down and said that he had some more coming out, which I of course appreciated. They also had orange cauliflower which I wish I had gotten.  We ended up baking broccoli and purple cauliflower with some olive oil and salt and pepper and it was pretty delish.We also got some really tasty tomatoes and oranges.  Fresh and flavorful.  This may sound dumb but I actually haven't tasted such a tomato-y tomato in years and it really added a lot to what we made.  (If you must know, some guacamole with blended onion and serrano pepper, plus tomato chunks.  Add in some garlic salt and a squeeze of lemon maybe and you won't know what to do with yourself.Anyway we'll definitely be back--maybe even this saturday.  I'm sure we'll see many Yelpers there... can't wait.
5	I took the kids to the Farmers Market with me this weekend and it was a great experience. As soon as we got there, they were handed balloons by one of the vendors, then we trailed around the Market, to get a good idea of what I wanted to purchase. I ended up buying some delicious home made pamegranate jam, followed by a stop at the kiddie korner, where the kids made Valentine's for Daddy. Then, we tried the breads and decided to grab a fresh loaf of 9 grain. Yum! Lots of veggies and fruits later, we have a fridge full of great locally grown snacks and meals. Can't wait to go back!
5	where I am from dogs are not allowed at farmer's markets due to health code dealio reasons... so it was a shock to see so many dogs around (Scottsdale seems to be super pet friendly). I had a blast sampling all the goodies... lots of great things to choose from!! There is no need to eat prior to the market-- between the samples, the food and the beverages not eating was the best thing ever. Another thing I appreciated.. this market was totally calm, relaxed... most farmer's markets back home (minus Santa Cruz) is super uptight and folks are pushy..... definitely a spot to stroll, eat and enjoy the morning...... The Farm Sessions concept I LOVED.
5	Yup. I'm jumping on a very full bandwagon: The Old Town Farmers Market is gloooorious. Love love loved it- including the live music and the many adorable doggies of course:)Came home with "watermelon radishes," deep purple cabbage, cauliflower that looked like it had stars growing on it, and some of the most amazing seedy bread i've had the pleasure of nibbling on. All in all, this is how I've decided every Saturday morning should be welcomed. Hope the Old Town Farmers Market grows even more!
5	I wasn't going to write a review for Old Town Farmer's Market but the more I thought about it, the more I thought it was awesome!!  I didn't get a chance to look around much but what I saw looking like the most amazing of local goods.  Of course we hit the Sweet Republic truck.  We sampled some toffee and Simply Bread.  WOW!  All these great local products in one spot every Saturday morning?  Seriously?I am definetly going back!  This is worth getting up early on a Saturday!!
4	The best farmers market I've been to in the phoenix area. Locally produced olive oil, cheese, eggs, grass fed beef and all kinds of veggies have made it a staple of my Saturdays. Show up at 11 for the cooking demo, you'll thank me!
4	As a visitor to Scottsdale, I thought a stroll through the farmers market was a great way to get a taste of the local flavor--literally. And it was! There's a great mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves. There are also some interesting services like pet massages!Like Vicky T. said, it was surprising to see dogs with their owners wandering through the farmers market, because that's against code in California. But I thought it was great, and with the pet masseuse and a doggy and kitty treat vendor, it totally made sense.Farm Sessions, where local chefs give cooking demos with produce from the market, is a great idea I'd like to see at my local farmers market. It did seem odd, though, that all the produce at the market was in one corner. It was the shadiest spot, so maybe that's why?Anyway, this was a great way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel like I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd.
4	I absolutely adore the Old Town Farmer's Market.  There is nothing better than waking up early on a Saturday and simultaneously enjoying the beautiful weather and wonderful produce.  This place is packed with great local products from beautiful flowers to homemade dog treats.  Even if you don't purchase a single thing, its still fun to browse and people watch.
5	I love this place!My favorite vendor is McClendon's Select Produce. Fabulous selection, organic, fresh--what more could you want?
4	Great market.  The anchor of the whole market is the McClendon's organic veggie stand. This is by far the best produce in the valley. The prices are fair and the selection is huge.  Get there early to view the whole selection. The avocados are very good. Loose lettuce allows you to pick your quantity, which is nice for smaller households. Squash selection is great and the honey is amazing. Other notable features of the market are the cheese curd stand, QC Olive Mill has a stand, and there are a number of great bread vendors. Finally - Try the toffee. It is amazing. Very nice market that is laid out to handle the foot traffic, so it does not feel too crowded. Parking is typical for Old Scottsdale.
4	"You know where we are supposed to go, right?" "No, I thought you knew." Excerpt of conversation on the way to the Old Town Farmers Market.  Good thing that Yelp Blackberry app has a map feature!A visit to the OTFM is a fun way to spend a Saturday morning. There is a (small but growing) diverse selection of vendors with everything from the expected produce to confections to seafood to "beer" for dogs! No need to eat beforehand, either. Almost everyone offers samples (even wine!). Kind of like a way cooler local outdoor Costco.  Where they allow dogs.  Well not exactly, but you get my point. I sampled more types of chocolate than I can count, tasted my first-ever cheese curd, and am now a huge fan of Goody Twos toffee. Also, we couldn't let the morning go by without a scoop of Lime Basil Sorbet from the Sweet Republic bus. Surprisingly, I managed to restrain myself from purchasing everything I saw, and walked away with only an amazing jar of Roasted Garlic Feta Cheese from Made by Bees (decadent when enjoyed on pieces of warm french baguette!), two HUGE artichokes, and a bundle of green onions. I am looking forward to going back and getting there earlier next time - by 10am there were enough people to make it a little difficult to navigate and reach some of the more tasty treats. I will also remember to use the environmentally conscious Yelp grocery bags which were accidentally left in the car.  Oops!  They will be filled with salmon, handmade soap, more artichokes, some asparagus, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and, and, and... :)
5	I can't believe I haven't been here before! I loaded up on lots of organic produce for a lot less than I would have paid at the grocery store and I got to feel like I was in a little European town at the same time. My friend and I had planned to to a drive over to Sweet Republic for some ice cream afterward but, lo and behold, there was a Sweet Republic truck at the market! 10am isn't too early for ice cream, is it?
4	What a great way to spend a Saturday morning. I filled myself up with a mushroom and cheese pastry courtesy of Essence, thank you very much. I immediately cruised on to gobble up a tamale, some peanut brittle, toffee and thank you Sweet Republic for a double scoop of ice cream...So, what does all this binge eating have to do with the Farmer's Market...It is all there to EAT baby,....Oh, yeah, and you can really get down and eat here. I did notice that there alot of vegetables, a couple of salmon vendors and an organic beef vendor. Maybe next time.. All and all, I had a great time, live music lead me merrily through the stalls. The vendors are terrific and the dogs are everywhere... Enjoy yourself.
2	This is not an experience for a tourist.  It's for people with a kitchen.  Walking around, I noticed very few stalls offering samples, and there was next to nothing in the way of ready-to-eat food like you see at many other markets.  Maybe I'm spoiled because Pike Place is my market.Also, surprisingly small.  I figured this is the South, and the warmer climates produce a greater variety of food year-round.  It's held in a relatively small parking lot next to Old Town.
3	Eh, this market was OK, but it didn't do it for me.A farmer's market is supposed to be a market for local farmers to showcase their fresh goods for people to select, buy, and use as they will. During my visit I saw a grand total of one local farmer (from Phil's somethingorother) selling produce - an itty bitty stand at that, with maybe 4 types of vegetables from which to choose. There were two or three other produce vendors, one of them the giant McClendon's, selling a boatload of attractive produce from California and Washington. Um...? I can get that at Whole Foods. There was some local olive oil with no prices listed (I'm sure it's fab, but with no advertised prices, and this being Scottsdale... uh uh).There were prepared foods and goods and the like, but that's not what a farmer's market is for, nor is it what I seek in one. I didn't feel any communion with the vendors - some of them didn't seem to care much about what they were selling, or even know how it was grown and traveled from farm to farmer's market. McClendon's just looked like an outdoor grocery store, with multiple checkout lanes and everything. I doubt very much they could tell you the perfect time to pick that varietal of apple or how to best harvest this type of potato, much less have experience doing it themselves.I understand, this being Arizona and all, there's not a lot of prime agricultural land to be utilized. But things do grow here - prickly pear, anyone? Tomatoes? Melons? Citrus? Herbs? But nobody was selling those. Did I miss the part of the market where the actual market was?I give it a star for the McClendon's produce being affordable and attractive, a star because they have a couple of stands catering to pets, and a star because their prepared goods looked just fine. But minus a star for missing the point of a farmer's market, and minus a star for having next to 0 locally grown foods.
4	When the nice weather's here to stay, the Old Town Farmer's Market comes out to play! So... it's unbearably hot when I'm writing this, but I do so in order to will the nice weather back to Phoenix so that events like this will open up again. Yes, believe it or not Phoenix has some great farmer's markets and weekends got a whole hell of a lot better when the Old Town Farmer's Market opened up shop. It's the perfect Saturday morning activity. Stroll down to the Farmer's Market, grab some tasty treats and head home or continue to mill around Old Town. What more can you ask for?So what does this market offer you ask? Well sit down and I'll tell you about a couple of the highlights. A fresh produce outdoor grocery store straight from the fields. The freshest fruits and veggies and it's a breath of fresh air from buying them at the chain grocery store. Goat Milk and Goats Milk Fudge - Don't let the name scare you! I discovered the Goats Milk Farm after traveling to Strawberry and when I realized they were at the Farmer's Market, I got there ASAP to check them out. Try the fudge. Fresh breads, pastries, salsa, cookies, tamales, jams...pretty much anything you can think of can be found at the Old Town Farmer's Market. They do a great job of engaging visitors and providing helpful information along the way. I can't wait for cooler weather to enjoy this Old Town treat once again!
2	I suggest going to this market without any expectations. I was expecting more vendors and alot more fresh produce. What I found was a few melons, corn, flowers, pastries, honey, breads & etc. I've have experienced way more variety in other locales. It was something to do.
2	Like everything else in Scottsdale, the prices were pretty high.  Unfortunately, the selection wasn't that great.  There were a few local farmers selling in-season vegetables and grass-fed beef.  There were the other usual vendors selling home-made pastas, honey, hummus, bread and cheeses.  That was about it.  Not really anything to wake up early for...
3	I can't say I'm overly impressed with our Farmer's Market, but it's AZ and we don't have a lot to work with in terms of Farms! The produce selection is typically pretty limited, you can find some great stuff, but you will need to supplement with a visit to the grocery store.   I am always surprised that I don't see more citrus, peppers and herbs, these grow great in AZ.   I also find that some of the meats/ produce are super expensive, and although I like to support our local market, paying twice as much is not appealing.  I always end up spending at least $40-50, and a small portion of that goes to fresh produce, other purchases typically include packaged products such as salsa, sauces, honey, etc... One nice thing about the market is they do take credit card payments and it appears to be well organized. They have moved the market into the Scottsdale baseball stadium for the summer which is more conducive to extreme temperatures.
4	Now I am a HUGE FAN of PHX Public Market on Saturdays but on this Saturday I was headed into Scottsdale for some shopping and decided to stop in to check out their market to see how it compared to PHX.  Many of the vendors are the same at both markets.  But there were a few different ones.  I have to say that PHX is still my favorite.  More cozy and I don't feel under dressed if I am not in designer lables.  Good thing I had my Prada bag that day, it gave me a bit more Scottsdale street cred' while wandering the market.  Overall I am always a fan of venues, markets and opportunities to be intoduced to new businesses and good local food.  Definitely a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
4	Decided to try my luck at getting some of those good-looking cinnamon-sugar donuts (complete w/ the donut holes!) from FnB today, as I always came too late before-- I figured "third time lucky," and surprise (!), this time I was actually TOO early!  Pavle told me I had to wait another 15 minutes.  Thought I'd head over to Truckin' Good Food and place my order, since a crepe normally takes 12 to 15 minutes to prepare due to all of the people lining up for their fix of French delights.  (I also thought that if I limited the time I had to check out the various vendors and their wares, that I could save myself some $$!  The last time I visited, I spend around $44!)  Some of these vendors are sneaky, though, apppealing to my sweet tooth, so I just HAD to sample a vendor's (sorry I didn't get the name!) Espresso Almond brittle (may get some on my next visit!) and the three toffee varieties (almond, dark chocolate and seasalt, and hazelnut) that GoodyTwos had on display.  Loved the toffees so much, that I bought two quarter-pound bags of the almond and hazelnut, although I loved the dark chocolate one w/ the same intensity as the other two!  Purchase total thus far?  $15.  Oof!  I better get myself to T'GF, stat!No Brittany crepe today again.  :(  Jeff explained that he didn't have access to the buckwheat honey anymore.  In fact, he didn't know where the vendor went.  That's too bad.  I hope Jeff finds another supplier soon-- I counted two honey vendors there this morning, but I didn't stop to ask if they offered buckwheat...  W/ the absence of the Brittany, I was stuck w/ ordering "My First Time," which really isn't a negative, as today's version was well-prepared!  Really loved the crunch that the walnuts added (my previous serving lacked walnuts-- Jeff had just run out) to the Nutella and banana goodness!  Breakfast crepe= $5.While waiting for my crepe, I wandered over to Moms Gone Nuts and tried the roasted cinnamon almonds and cashews (other varieties incl. walnuts, pecans, and even one spiced w/ jalapenos and "smart sugar," a processed white cane sugar that makes for a lighter finished product that doesn't require as much sugar to coat the nuts).  I bought a bag each of the almonds and cashews= $9.Last, but not least, I had to get my ration of zaatar bread and hummus (will provide vendor name later), which cost $11 (the cost of the bread went up from $5 to $6).  Total cost this Saturday morning?  $40!  That blows my theory (see above) out of the park, but I really don't mind, since the money went in support of local businesses.  I love it when I have some free time during my most-favorite part of the day to enjoy beautiful weather outdoors, have a wonderful breakfast, and meet new people!p.s.  Almost forgot!  Went back to FnB and found a line of people also waiting to get their hands on those freshly-made donuts, so I too fell in line.  This gave me a chance to watch Charleen in action, quickly making those Roasted Chicken Tortas, w/ bean spread and chipotle mayo on ciabatta bread ($10).  These looked so good, I almost wanted to get one for Mom to try!  Maybe next time.  Those brownies w/ pecans and figs ($2 each) looked really great, as well, but I have to stay away from pecans.  :(  Might as well, as this morning's excursion was expensive!  Five donuts (and donut holes), $5.  Out the door damages?  $45.  Darn it!!(Tip: Don't buy too many donuts, unless you plan on sharing them w/ others RIGHT AWAY... they were already hardening when I bought them and were almost like stone four hours later!  Maybe keeping them under wraps on the tray at the stall had something to do w/ this?)
3	Very fun to walk around on Saturdays! It has a wide variety of foods and other products. It can be a bit pricey for what you get, but I guess it's because they are smaller businesses trying to make a profit.However, the prices can be a bit much - we ended up just purchasing one item. I would go back though for the fun and to walk around. I wouldn't use this place as a main supplier of any of my foods though due to the prices.
4	OTFM is great, I go there several times a month and brave the crowds in the McClendon's Select area of the market to stock up on organic produce. Tip: save your cash, just grab the receipt and use your debit card at the cashier stand. Also, don't miss the other offerings (Sweet Republic ice cream, fantastic BBQ brisket sandwiches, fresh coffee, food trucks, local breads, grass-fed beef and other cuts of meat). You'll also have the opportunity to speak directly to several local chefs and restaurant owners who frequent the market. Catch it before it closes for the Summer!
5	I do 80% of my grocery shopping at this farmers market. I buy everything from fruits and veggies to meat, eggs, and butter. This farmers market has everything you could possibly need. Herbal tea, wine, honey where you can actually meet the bee keeper. I live in Scottsdale a bike ride away so we are there every week for our grocery shopping, and then we always hit up the Fresh&Easy on the way back for anything else we may need. This farmers market is also great for bringing visitors from out of town to. Many of the vendors offer samples, which even includes a wine tasting. It can be quite the event if you visit every vendor and see what they have to offer. The best time to go is during Scottsdale's busy season late January to early May. During the summer the farmers market moves to the Scottsdale stadium to hide in the shade. Only the die hard vendors and local shoppers show up, you won't find all the novelty vendors. I highly suggest everyone visit this farmers market.
3	What a cute little farmers market! I ventured out this morning in search of a market I could call my own, after leaving Kansas City's very awesome and huge River Market Farmer's Market. I can safely say if I end up moving closer to Old Town, this weekly event will make me happy!It's on the small-ish side, but it sure packs a punch in the produce section. I was really impressed by the selection, the organization and especially the check out lines. Everything was in it's place and looked beautiful.The tents of other goods and foods (and good foods, see what I did there) were awesome as well. Samples galore! Tamales (Vegan! Gluten free!), hummus and pita, nuts, delicious looking bread and fresh flowers were just some of the things to be found. There was also a company set up selling iced tea and coffee (iced... or hot, if you're a maniac) on the corner of the market. 3 stars stands for A-OK on Yelp, and that's exactly what I thought about OTFM. Like I said, if I end up moving closer to the area it could be bumped up a star...for now, it's just a wee bit on the small side for me to drive almost half an hour every week. Also, parking is free on the streets and the public parking garage, but I'd advise to get here early. Market opens at 8:30 and I got there at 8:45ish with no problem parking in the compact cars section. (Next to a Navigator..uhh?) But when I left around 10:45 most spaces were taken. Get there early and enjoy local tastiness!
4	Decent farmers market with several friendly vendors.Look for the jalopeno peanut brittle, the incredible maccaroons, sweet republic ice cream and crepes from torched goodness! lots of yumminess and it is dog-friendly!
3	Been to this farmer's market about 10 times. The market is in Old Town Scottsdale, so of course prices are sometimes $1-$2 higher, besides you are supporting local business, that is awesome! Some of  my suggestions for things to purchase are: creme brulee from Torched Goodness, a nice lunch from Truckin Good Food (gluten free duck-fried french fries mmm), the 2 ladies who sell hotdogs with kale (sorry i don't know their names) and a few of the hidden produce guys in there (you should arrive early to get the best product.)
5	If you enjoy (and really who doesn't) amazing and fresh produce, wild caught meats, etc. then definitely check out the Old Town Farmer's Market every Saturday from 8am to 1pm. We've been a few times already and need to get a 2nd produce only fridge in the near future as we come home with way to much each time. McClendon's Farm is the main produce provider at the Old Town Farmer's Market and some of the best produce I have seen.If you go make sure to bring your reusable environmental friendly bags to put all your produce into. If you forget they have plastic bags. Really fun walking around to meet the other local vendors, try out their delicious foods and get outdoors in downtown Scottsdale.
4	Whats not to like?- Roach coaches with great food, pastries, or coffee- Quality produce from a few smaller farms and huge selection from McClendons farm - Great organic items, grass fed beef, fresh caught fish.Throw in a few live singers, breadmakers, the beekeeper with local honey, and a goat lady with natural lotion/soaps/etc...it's a winner.Vendors are most plentiful during the fall, then they start to drop off as weather gets hotter.  But there is still enough shopping to enjoy during summer months.
4	It's now 2012 and the Old Town Farmer's Market is definitely booming in the new year! I visited the market this past Saturday and was blown away by the number of local vendors and crowd! From organic lotions and dog treats to fresh produce and homemade pies, the Old Town Farmer's Market has something for everyone. As I strolled up and down the multiple rows, I loved seeing the number of canines out for a stroll with their owners and the number of families enjoying the effort to shop local while dining on some homemade pancakes from participating vendors. It's a great way to spend a Saturday morning whether you're on the hunt for some local food to get you through the week, or you simply want to discover new products made right here in the Valley. I left with a small but important purchase, two handmade bandannas for my dog Harley; one themed for my Wildcats (Bear Down!) and one themed for my patriotism (America...heck ya!) It was a perfect Saturday activity in perfect Arizona weather.
3	I really enjoyed my Saturday morning at the Old Town market, but I think calling it a farmer's market is a bit of a stretch.  It should be called a farmer's boutique!  It seemed like 90% of the produce comes from one grower, I think I saw maybe 2 of the smaller stands that had produce.  All of the other stands were either pre-made food items or specialty items.  It's also very expensive.  When I go to a farmer's market I expect to pay less than I would in a grocery store, not twice as much.Maybe I'm just spoiled because I'm used to the Eastern Market in Detroit.  It's at least three times the size of the Old Town market with 30+ vendors selling produce.  I spent about $30 on produce, for what I got I would have paid under $10 back in Detroit!Some of the food vendors are absolutely incredible.  There's a French bakery, they offer pastries and bread.  I got an almond croissant and it was mind blowingly good!!  The vendor that sells jams is also incredible.  I bought meyer lemon marmalade and fig jam.  The marmalade is really good, but the fig jam is exceptional.  Probably the best I've ever had!I will definitely go back, but next time I think I'll just stick to the specialty items and skip the produce.
4	Known fact:  I love farmers markets!For my HI friends, the Old Town FM actually gives the KCCFM a decent run for its money.OTFM has a great selection of vendors ranging from fresh produce, cheeses, Alaskan wild salmon, tons of bread, honey, sauces, and much more.  Vendors I like:-What's your Grind coffee.  One of the first vendors you'll see once you enter, and for good reason!  They got a good amount of whole bean coffees you can purchase and a few offered from the press.-French Bakery.  Biggest croissant I've seen, along with other buttery baked goodies.-Squarz.  Well...they are square pies with varying fillings (steak, chicken, etc.).  At $2 a piece, it was a nice snack.Lastly, BRING CASH!
4	Slathered in sunscreen and equipped with a water bottle and sketchbook, I ventured out to the Old Town Farmer's Market to experience one of my favorite summer traditions.  Luckily, I attended one of the last outdoor markets before transitioning inside for the scorching summer.  Located on the southwest corner of Brown Avenue and First Street, the venue is easily accessible and provides an ideal place for locals and tourists to mingle with regional business owners and popular restaurateurs. Come hungry and open-minded:  every merchant doles out generous samples of their product (with the exception of the organic produce stand), tempting potential buyers to hand over the cash.  I enjoy visiting each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants. For those looking for a meal, food stands and local restaurants also set up shop.  My senses were tempted by the colorful tuna tartar nachos and smoky beef tenderloin kebabs from the folks at Eddie's House; I contemplated spending my "happy calories" (those reserved for high-cal splurges) on a cheesy, crispy green chili cheddar chicken melt at the Orange Table stand.   Customers continue to come back each week to sample popular dishes from the ever-changing lineup of restaurants.The majority of the organic produce is cheaper elsewhere, prompting the need for some detective work at natural foods stores like Whole Foods, Sprouts and Sunflower Market prior to making a purchase.  Splurge on items that are unique to the market:  rare mushrooms, specialty olive oils, uniquely flavored jams and jellies, and the like.   Visitors are bound to find something that they simply can't live without; whether with the family, significant other, or arriving solo, the market has something for everyone.
3	I did enjoy going to the market. There are about 20-30 booths with mostly food vendors willing to give you free samples. However if you are looking for produce then you should be prepared to pay a lot more than in a store. It took us longer to get there (from Chandler) than it did to go through the whole thing. If you live close and want to kill 30 minutes then go but I wouldn't travel very far to get there.
4	This Farmers' Market is a little sparse in the summer months and rightfully so. There does not seem to an abundance of produce when it's consistently 110 degrees outside. However, fall through spring is perfection and I love spending my Saturday mornings here. Wonderful vendors, fantastic products and a great way to experience Old Town Scottsdale.
4	I really enjoy coming here.  The selection of produce keeps getting better and better.  I really hope they keep this market as produce, jams, oils, fresh eggs and meats oppose to Scottsdale restaurants.  McClendon's produce has a great selection of seasonal produce AND other organic produce farmer's are finally coming to Old Town.Bring your friendly dog, try all the samples, buy, buy, buy and support our local farmers and small business owners.  It's a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
5	I love visiting farmers markets when I am out of town. I love to check out the local produce and sample a few things. This farmers market is located in Old Town. The reason why it's a great farmers market is because the selection is great for locals and tourists.  Others farmers market include half or mostly produce. This farmers market included a larger selection of wonderful local food items such as pasta, granola, honey, jellies, and more. All the vendors were very nice. Unlike farmers markets in LA, I didn't see many vendors that offer full lunch entrees. However, they did offer snack items or small bites like pastries and drinks. If I lived in Scottsdale, then I would go here every Saturday. As a tourist, it's wonderful to support and check out the local businesses. I bought a refreshing strawberry and prickly pear AZ Pop. I also bought the flavored pastas from Decio Pasta, which is so good since it only needs a little salt and olive oil. I now regret not buying honey. Local Arizona honey taste so different from California honey primary because of the landscape.
5	Best farmers market in AZ! Love the selection of local vendors and fresh produce. The samples are great! I usually go in the morning and end up having my breakfast from the different samples. Also the atmosphere is great too! Lots of talkative friendly people. If you haven't been yet....go!!!
4	Old Town Farmers Market is one of the best things about living in Scottsdale. A good mix of the good, interesting and odd. Dog friendly. Thumbs up.
5	it has been awhile since we've been back, mostly because we heard mclendons left and they had most of the produce we wanted. lo and behold this past saturday. we decided to ride by and see how the market was holding up and it is holding up just dandy. McLendons is there! and even chef Payton Curry was there to offer us tips on how to prepare some really neat looking mushrooms we bought. we left with a bicycle basket full of purple and medieval looking cauliflower, mushrooms, jicama, and all sorts of other goodies. they have everything you need in fresh vegetables. and not just at the McLendons tent. there are plenty of other veggie vendors there.there's tamales, pasta, cookie, bread, wild salmon....just tons of great goodies at the Old Town farmers market.
5	I used to visit this farmers market weekly a few years ago, but at some point McClendon Farms pulled out and it just wasn't the same. Now they are back and it's more awesome than EVER!! McClendon farms has the BEST produce and their organics are clearly marked. They occasionally have a chef available as well so you can feel comfortable trying a new produce item and asking the chef for cooking suggestions! Conveniently, they also take credit cards now without hassle. The rest of the market has blown up too! Many more tents selling everything from flowers, bread, jams, pet treats, fish, cheese, etc. Lots of people strolling around with a coffee and pastry. It's also dog friendly too. Wonderful place to visit!!!
5	I LOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEE this farmers market! The big vendor here is Mclendon, which is a great farm, they have many offerings to chose from. I like to hit up Blue Sky farms stand first, as they always have different varieties of kale and awesome turnips and golden beats. The prices are better than at Whole Foods, for example. At Whole Foods they sell Blue Sky Farms produce, but always for a dollar or two more.This Market isn't necessarily quantity, but it is QUALITY. There are quit a few vendors worth checking out...some gluten-free product stands, fresh tamales (including vegan), jams and kale chips...lots of cool stuff. It's worth getting up on a Saturday to check out!
5	just an fyi for all you McLendons lovers, the farm itself grows about 3 items, the rest is ALL bought from MEXICO and resold in their boxes. i know this because my husband's family owns a major produce company in arizona and deals strictly with local produce...mcLendons is not one of them! that being said, I STILL LOVE THIS MARKET just wanted to clear everyone up on McLendons
4	Nice spot but prices are a bit higher than they should be for the meats and produce; that said, provided a great Saturday morning where, for us, a bit of shopping (if you've not been, do yourself a favor and go purchase some compound honey butter from "Nourish"), a dense butter cake from "Classic Cakes," and a crisp-gives-way-to-yawning-caverns-of-butter-and-light-frangipane Almond Croissant from "Five Star Frogs" bled over to an admittedly over the top tasting of pastries from local baking legend Tammie Coe that started in Old Town and extended on to the Camelback market...and later to her store on Roosevelt.
4	From the perspective of a farmer's market frequenter, Old Town Scottsdale finds a way to keep it fresh.In terms of the produce, you can definitely taste the difference in quality when you bring the food home. For this basic quality of farmer's markets, this location does well.What I find amazing here is the wide diversity of prepared food here! Not just the variety of bakeries, there are so many places to grab a good bite, with cuisines ranging from Mexican to Mediterranean. You may even find niche items like compound butters or creme brulee! Even for those who do not cook very often, these other venues allow people of all ages and culinary background to enjoy Old Town Scottsdale's farmer's market.(On a side note, check the website for the calender. Hours can vary depending on the month, but this will always take place on Saturday).
5	I have been here a few times and this most recent visit was one of the last of the season :(I love walking around here, usually the entire lot is filled up but this time around there were only a few vendors. We managed to walk away with some amazing fresh cheese from Gina's Homeade: http://www.ginashomemade.com/. The cheese we had was fresh and soft as a spread and had some onions and chives in it. When I say fresh, the guy said that they had just made it the day before. Oh and he had fresh cured bacon that was cured the day before as well. Amazing.We also bought some chocolates from a vendor again, useless me can't remember the name but it was awesome and he was clearly passionate about his chocolates. He explained where he got different cocoa from and the differences in the tastes because of the region. So cool.We sampled some other stuff too and of course it was all great.I wish they didn't shut down for the summer, but who can blame them. Can't wait til they are back up and running!
4	Nice, small framer's market. They are seasonal and there's lots of prepared dishes similar to the Brentwood Farmer's Market (LA)
3	Essentially the same merchants from the bigger and better Phoenix farmer's market make their way to Scottsdale on Saturday's. It is very crowded and your almost running into folks going every which way, but loose. I did enjoy my $2 empanada of mole chicken and the $6 fuccesha bread was made with blue cheese and walnuts. The guy from that booth came right from Italy it seemed. Produce is all in one area and there are registers - kind of like a supermarket in one corner, which was kinda unorganized and ghetto. This market needs a bigger footprint.
5	Lots of options at this Farmers Market for any type of personality. From organic vegan items to farm raised beef and chicken - to allergy alleviating honey and herbs that help with just about any ailment - to farm fresh produce from local farmers, they have it all when it comes to what you picture of a farmer's market.We tried some of the Squarez and the Polish sausage, which were both delicious. There is plenty of free public parking found around the area, and it's right in the middle of old town so there is more to walk around and see when you finish up shopping here.Overall: AFresh food from local vendors. Awesome.
4	I just love farmer's markets and being able to try lots of different local things. Today, we stopped by on a Yelp Shops Local crawl and I immediately diverted to several stands. Various items I scooped up today included 2 large soft pretzels, cheese curds, avocado and garlic oil, and a spicy Filipino marinade at Lil Rosie's. Very nice farmer's market.
4	So NOW I know what my favorite vendors are doing on Saturday mornings... Nice to see Tammie Coe Cakes -- wish they would have had their cookies! Nonna's and Mama Letizia's will battle for my red sauce loyalties, but you must pick up some Bloody Mary Mix from a generations-old recipe and some Pickled Asparagus from the cute guy of Pickled Perfection.
3	The Old Town market is improving with more selections and vendors, but it seems to be quite packed with jars, packages and boxes of premade products rather than produce. While those things are lovely and should be supported, I personally head to a farmers market to by fruits and vegetables, not brittle and chocolate. It seems the market has prioritized McClendon's Farm rather than drawing in others that may showcase different or even native plants. Don't get me wrong - I like the availability and selection from their farm and am always happy to see it on local menus, but I also like choice, variety and inspiration. Other farms have made an appearance, but the mix seems slightly inconsistent. I hope they continue to support other growers.We do love buying grass fed beef, salmon and bread here in addition to produce. The prepared food vendors are terrific - we tried the egg sandwhich from Eddie V's last week and it was to die for. I'm scared to even promote it too vocally lest the wait becomes longer!  The bread from Tammie Coe is unspeakably good and somehow always half eaten by the time we leave. We are fortunate to have this in our regular Saturday routine and only a few miles away from home, but I'll keep my eye out for new farmers in the circuit.
5	The Farmers Market is so helpful....in many many ways. Since starting my new, cleaner diet, a weekend is not complete without a stop-over at this market. This is the most complete market in Metro Phoenix, hands down! Definitely a fan. Let's shop around the Old Town Farmers Market:~What To Do~Located right off the main strip in Old Town Scottsdale, the Farmers Market takes up residence almost every Saturday in a parking lot, housing everything from on-site cooked or home-made pastries to small-batch concoctions, as well as housing numerous local/state-wide farms whom truck in their own produce for that day. From time to time knick knack stands are available, however the bulk of things to purchase are going to be.....edible! ~The Good~The location is perfectly nestled away from all the traffic of Scottsdale road, and is right across from a major parking garage and other parking areas as well. During hot months (which there are a lot of) they have screens already put up which will shade you from the Sun.  There is enough variety to go around when it comes to farm representation; four separate farms usually are at each event on Saturdays. The on-site cooks can make a bevy of different items; from swanky bar fare (Brat Haus) to a French cuisine specialist...they even have a mobile coffee supplier (What's Your Grind) whom prepares Iced and Hot coffees, on top of selling their general product. My personal favorite vendor is Heaven and Earth Macrobiotics. They create the most palate-pleasing vegetarian friendly food I have ever tasted... THEY ARE A MUST TRY. As you can see, overall selection is superb. Best Market in town.~The Bad~Nothing negative to comment on....Just some grievances I have about this market that really stem from small nitpicking issues...Many vendors hawk items I simply take no interest in. I am not much of a Salsa guy, but it seems each week there are 3 separate salsa people. I know they have a variety and to keep the events as large as possible, but having 6+ separate bakeries come out each week offering breads seems like over-kill. Perhaps it's me...just nitpicking. ~The Downlow~Overall... this is the best market in town...Thus, they get the most stars. If you are the best, you get the most stars...seems simple enough! As for the stars, they get 5 for location, variety of vendors, abundance of farms, selection of on-site prepared foods, and Strong balance of comfort/health food vendors. This is a great choice to take the kids to prior to your big day out, or even a simple fun way to get out with your significant other. I have been coming each week, and do not see myself stopping!
5	I love this market! Right in the middle of OldTown - it is perfectly located for locals!There are many pre-made items here and it is a great place to go for lunch and roam around and check everything out.My favorite stand is in the middle aisle and the man who is a French Chef. He is always offering tasting of his Creme Brulee and his Chicken Salad is THE BOMBI often also go to a great stand where she sells fresh ceviche. It's perfect! I love stopping through the farmers market to get a lil something for lunch over the weekends.
4	Get here before 10 if you want the best choice. No chance of getting basil after 9:45
4	Love being able to find good local produce nearby!  This market is more food than not, which I dig. =)  Get yourself a cup of local coffee as you enter and sample the goodies offered by the variety of vendors.  Be inspired by the things you don't see every day (pichu berries!) and maybe go home to prepare a fresh and local lunch or dinner.  The prices range from inexpensive produce, to moderately priced dips and cheeses, to higher-end pasta sauces and other prepared foods.  Whatever your fancy, you're sure to find something new and something you love at the Old Town FM.
3	Love the market but what is with all the dogs.  My wife was warpped up in guys leash and all we got was "it's all cool man". NOT Cool if you are going to bring the big dog keep it on a short leash. If fact the dog is more than likely a little skittish in the big crowds anyway. Until they go back to the "market" and away from the dog park mentality we will do our shopping elswhere
4	I have always loved this market but lately it is a zoo- which is good for the vendors, no doubt. If you don't want to deal with crowds try to get there before 10am. I love Blue Sky and McClendons for produce, there's a rancher who sells goat meat that is truly to die for. Gina's buratta is great but her attendance is sporadic.McClendon's is the most consistent and has the most varieties of produce as he does broker with other farmers in the country. Mushrooms from Oregon and fresh tumeric from Hawaii-it's worth the high price tag. He is also featuring Noble bread. The best bread ever.You can avoid the crowds if you are only getting fresh produce and bread by going to the Wednesday Farmer's Market at Town & Country Plaza. MCclendon is there too.
4	Such a huge variety of things here from fresh organic eggs to fancy pants chocolates.  Must do!
5	Love this market! The produce from both Blue Sky (love their kale, lettuce, spring onions) and McClendons (peppers, carrots, squash, etc.) is really great. This market tends more toward food products than produce, but it's always a good time. Stop for a coffee by the gates on the eastern side, sample all the different chocolates and sauces, buy some bread (great gluten-free options abound), and then hit up the produce sections. Get there early though as it gets crowded (and hot) after 10am.
5	The farmer's market that started it all for me. I was not a regular farmer's market goer until my roommate took me to this one, very close to our house. Saturday mornings is now a huge ordeal in our household as we always have a hard time deciding on what to purchase that Saturday.McClendon's is the main produce supplier at this market and they have a nice variety of produce to select from. Most notably for me, is their mushroom selection: Oyster mushrooms, shitake mushrooms, and the portabellas. We usually get all three in one fell swoop. Their oyster mushrooms are very reasonably priced for the great quality. My roommate and I are kind of obsessed with those mushrooms. Another favorite it the Country Boy stand. I don't buy from him often but when I do it's because I finally got there early enough to snag some of his biscuits and gravy. He usually sells out of them within 30 minutes of being open! They are the best you'll ever have in AZ!!The homemade pasta lady has some great flavor combos. Try the onion and beet flavor, you won't regret it!The Rocking R Farms has the best beef and meat products in the biz. Last year I bought bacon from them and it was probably the nicest and best bacon I've ever had the pleasure of eating. They recently just released a new type of beef called Beefalo. My roommate and I purchased it together and made mini sliders out of it, pure awesomeness. It's a little sweeter than your average beef and very hearty. Plus the staff is always friendly.Pickled Perfection does the pickling right, go check them out too! Lately, I've been on a breakfast burrito kick and there's no better place to grab them other than the Tamale Lady. The tamales are killer too!I could go on and on about all the different vendors that provide fresh food and samples right on the spot but it's really a place you need to go check out for yourself!
5	Having grown up in Europe I've missed markets and this one fills the void. So glad to be living in walking distance. Go early for best selection of vegetables, baked goods and other delicacies. As a vegetarian, the market offers great vegetables and other products to meet all my cooking needs. The place is packed with a great mix of shoppers and lots of spoiled Scottsdale pups in their strollers (including mine). Grab a fresh cup of coffee on the way in and savor the experience. Its worth the visit.
