1	I've been a patient at Palm Valley Woman's Care for 8 years and shame on me for staying this long.  Every time I go in its like I'm a new patient, no personal attention or even compassion.  Appointments are always behind. Sometimes waiting over an hour to be seen and normally the dr is out so you have to see the physicians assistant.   My last visit prompted a pelvic ultrasound and routine mammogram.  I scheduled them right away.  Within 2 days of my tests ,  the radiology ( valley radiology , separate entity from Palm Valley W C ). Called and said I needed additional testing on my left breast.  Which I scheduled right away and was seen, tests were run and told immediately needed a biopsy.  Valley radiology got me in the following Monday for the biopsy.  Valley radiology is instructed by Dr Howard to send test results to him and he will contact me.   Results were sent to him Wednesday morning and I still am waiting.  With 4 calls to the office pleading with them for my results, dr will call you by the end of the day.  No phone call from him.  But the same office different girl calls me to tell me my ultrasound showed a growth in my right ovarie and I need to redo the ultrasound, this after 2 weeks??  I'm done with them.  We are picking up the printed results and I will find a new doctor.  Please don't let this establishment treat you, this is how people die unnecessarily !
5	This was my wifes office throughout her pregnancy. We absolutely loved Dr. Suhn (spell check) he is amazing. The entire office made us feel at home besides one of the ladies who do scheduling, she was usually pretty rude and rushed us off, but one bad seed cannot ruin the foundation they have established. Dr. Howard however, was usually behind schedule but a friend of my wifes referred us to him and says he was the best shes ever had (she has 4 kids, 2 delivered by Howard). Most of the time the doctors are out of the office because unlike most other practices they are with the women throughout their pregnancy and make it a point to be there and deliver the baby, not pawn you off on another ob that you've never encountered. We will be returning back to Palm Valley when we conceive another child.
1	Started going here for prenatal care around September 2012 to see Dr. Takimoto. Every single appointment, without fail, I waited at LEAST 45 mins to see her. Then, when she finally did show up, it was like I was showing up for the first time and she had no idea what was going on with my baby or body. It only got worse from there.One of my early ultrasound apparently revealed 3 "markers" for Down's Syndrome, but I was not told about this at the time. I was on vacation out of state and got a voicemail from another medical office saying I had an ultrasound scheduled with them. I had no idea what this was, so I called them and they explained that I had some suspicscious things that needed to be looked at because my child was showing as a risk for DS. I have to tell you, that was really terrible to hear that news like that. It was the first really big foul for PVWC. (The markers ended up being false alarms, my son is fine).Around 20 weeks I think, you have to do a blood glucose test for gestational diabetes. I am a smaller person (5'5, I think I weighed about 125 at 20 weeks) and have a long history of low blood pressure. For the test, you have to fast for 12 hours, then drink this super sugery liquid and have your blood drawn. Within 20 minutes of finishing the drink, I was feeling light headed and dizzy. I barely made it to the doctors office before my vision started to go and they took my blood and told me to go lay down in a room. Keep in mind I still have not eaten anything and am still very dizzy. I lay there, sick to my stomach for about 20 minutes before I get up and ask a nurse when the doctor will be there, since it was already 30 mins past my appt time and I need to eat ASAP. She very casually mentions that the doctor is at the hospital delivering a baby and should be back in about 45 mins to an hour, so I should take a seat and wait. Thanks!!! So, I just left without seeing the doctor. My next several appts go pretty much like the previous ones, with her showing up late and pretty much reading my charts as she walks in the room to figure out who she is seeing. At 36 weeks, she did a check on my cervix and told me that I was dialated 3cm and could have the baby any day. This was a huge surprise for me, both exciting and scary. We talked for a little bit about what to do when labor starts, the hospital, and details about delivery. When the appoinment ended, she said to me, "I'll see you at the hospital!" One week later, my water breaks and we go to the hospital. I knew my labor was going to be fast (and Dr. Takimoto knew this too, because I had brought it up as a concern several times) because labor with my daughter was very fast. I asked the hospital to call my doctor immediately upon arrival because my baby would be out soon. I guess maybe they hear that a lot in OB triage, because either they didn't believe me or the doctor took their time. About an hour later, my son is taking his first breath and Dr. Takimoto is nowhere to be found. Another doctor from PVWC, (can't remember his name) walks in right after my husband cut the cord. Apparently Dr. Takimoto was on vacation! She failed to mention that to me during our last visit. I guess it didn't really make a difference, since she probably would have had to review my chart to remember my name. The doctor at Banner Estrella that actually delivered my son, a woman whose name I can't remember now, and the rest of the OB staff was really nice and helpful, pretty much made up for the horrible prenatal care I recieved through my pregnancy.Oh, then there was post-natal care. Ha! I wanted an IUD and asked them to order me one (because apparently they don't keep them on hand?) about 6 weeks after giving birth, so about mid April. They said it would take 2 weeks, which I thought was rediculous, but whatever. I waited for a few weeks, then realized I was wasting my time. I called my regular doctor, made an appt, and had my IUD ordered and in place 31 May. In JULY the office calls me and says they recieved my item, so what day would I like to come in. I told them I had already taken care of it weeks ago, but thanks.
