4	I really enjoy coming to the commisarry...on non pay day weeks. DECA raises prices around the 1 and 15,take notice and you'll see! However,the produce is always fresh and meat is really affordable here.  You can often find me swooping in for my lunch when I don't feel like packing a lunch! Return factor: for sure!
4	This commissary has been in my family's rotation for quite sometime. I have seen it change a lot as well. I even used to frequent it before it changed locations on the base. Overall you'll be able to find your necessities here, along with a few specialty items you may need for that special dish you'll be making during your work week. The spacious commissary offers wide aisles for numerous people to be milling their ways through their shopping trips. Of course, the commissary is known to me for doing my monthly shopping, so I need plenty of space and time to get all my groceries.The produce section is quite large and they sometimes bring in fruits and veggies that aren't so run-of-the-mill. I do find their bakery section to be disappointing sometimes, as I have tried to look for fresh pita bread here once and they did not have any. However, next to the bakery is a great place to pick up a sandwich or a sub, they make very good ones there and you'll find the service members often here on lunch breaks getting a sandwich. There is also a sushi place, which I have yet to try, but my husband says it is good. I'll take his word for it, for now.Since the renovation they have added "fast" and "self checkout" lanes, which is quite nice. But since I'm normally here buying a whole basket full of food, I rarely use them.Cashiers are typically very nice and the baggers are too. Don't forget to bring a tip if they're helping you out to your car!
5	There muffins are awesome!  Banana nut is my favorite!
4	This is still our go-to place for groceries even though we own a Costco membership for years. We've compared prices from meats to produce to basic household items and the commissary prices are very competitive (not to mention tax-free). The produce aisle are always full with fresh vegetables, which may not always be the case in other commissaries, so Nellis definitely ranks high in my list (other top-quality commissaries include NAS San Diego and Travis AFB). However, we still go to Costco for fruits as they usually have better berries, apples, and grapes. Their "international" aisle is limited but occasionally I would find good finds, such as on New Year's eve, I was ecstatic to score a gelatinous rice flour mix so we can make "palitaw" (traditional Filipino food that should be cooked when the clock strikes midnight). The cashiers and baggers are helpful and warm. I also just want to reiterate that the baggers in all commissaries ONLY work for tips as they are not salaried employees, so please make sure you give them a few bucks when they help you take your groceries to your car.
4	I enjoy going to the commissary for many reasons, which have changed over the past 4 years that I have been going.  Recently, I have thoroughly enjoyed the fact that they have gotten in a decent assortment of gluten free items.  Its nice to be able to go and find some staple items for my strict GF diet and not have to go all over town and pay higher prices.  I enjoy spending my money on my base.  I'm in the commissary at least 2 times a week and the employees there know who I am .  I am loyal to them and they hopefully appreciate it.  It will be sad when the day comes that we PCS, but in the meantime, I will continue to enjoy my Nellis Commissary
4	I like coming here to do grocery shopping once a week, it's pretty cheap as far as a lot of brand items go compared to other grocery stores and walmart, and it let's me get gas and do a bunch of things on base. I've been going to the Commissary since I was a little child and has been usually the main source of groceries for my family for many many years now. I do however recommend keeping look outs for sales out in town though, when that happens, it turns out to be a lot cheaper shopping their than the Commissary for that purpose. There is a 5% surcharge on all grocery, including food and non-food items. I know out in town you don't get charged taxes on food items, but non-food you do. So really you need to watch out for the prices of things. I shop everywhere, but when it comes to Pet food, non-food items, and produce I generally shop at the Commissary because it's a LOT cheaper.
5	Always slur unsurpassed.  24 pack of Pepsi $3.
4	I love the commissary! Especially when they have their white tent sidewalk sales! Seriously, you can't complain about cheaper prices and tax free shopping!(although there is a minor surcharge that's nowhere close to paying tax) They're always fully restocked every morning (the best time to shop!). My only mehhhh is that the self checkout is really slow when it comes to coupons, like a minute processing time per coupon! So when people go through with coupons, it really backs up the wait time for those in line.
4	You can't beat some of the deals at the Commissary - so much lower than off-base.  Maybe not exactly the selection of  other major grocery store chains, but it's definitely worth it, and they aren't missing much. Lots of fresh produce, seasonal stuff - they've got it covered!  Plus, they're definitely keeping up with technology, as they even have self-scan.And where else can you get a pink Nellis tshirt for $7  Oh yeah.
4	Good selection, great prices.  Very happy to see they are getting larger organic sections, and now have (from time to time) organic ground beef.  That saves me a trip to Trader Joe's!Baggers could use some training....they make the bags WAY too heavy, even when you ask them not to.  We use nothing but those green zippered insulated bags sold there, and once when I got home, I found (yes in one bag):  5 lb bag of flour; 10 lb bag of sugar; one of those extra large containers of coffeemate creamer, and a large bottle of Ocean Spray juice.  IN ONE BAG!  They also put things together that shouldn't be.  When I got home another time, I had a bag that had a bottle of Simply Orange juice that had been sitting on a box of Dove ice cream bars.....guess what happened to the ice cream bars....yep - crushed.  I don't understand it.  We are there on a pretty much weekly basis, and always tip $5.  What gives?I won't let the bagger situation sway my rating for the Commissary itself.  I think it's nice and clean, with good selection and great prices.  (Now if only they would do away with that gal on the weekends who always has a special "at the back of aisle 17" LOL ... those of you who shop on the weekends know what I mean!!)
4	Great selection for food shopping here! And the prices are unbeatable! I get my organic fruits, salads, grass-fed gr. beef, coconut water, fresh herbs, organic brown eggs, cheeses from 'round the world, hummus, fresh-baked artisan bread,Irish butter, Greek yogurt, etc etc etc, all at this commissary. Now, if they'd only bring back the organic goat milk & some real New Mexico green chile stuff, I'd pop that 5th star right in! ;-)
5	Good selection, great prices...More and more healthy choices, gluten free, organic, low carb... Ect.Outstanding deli!
5	Love the prices and selection. Healthy choices also, and very convenient for us.
5	Love shopping here! One of the best commissaries I've been to! Always well organizes and always have what you need.
4	Venue:  Nellis AFB CommissaryDecor: Like most commissariesService: Nice, Friendly, HelpfulEnvironment: Laid backFood: Variety, Options Prices:  Seemed good,Awesome Debbie Downers:  I'm not sure....I liked what I saw. Conclusion: Affordable, a lot of variety, plentiful parking, helpful staff, clean. a Winner Overall: B+ / A-
5	The organic selection keeps getting larger!! Who needs expensive "whole foods" if the com has everything you need for cheaper price.
