5	Vogava is a brand new locally owned little coffee shop which just happens to have the best latte I've ever had when visiting Phoenix.  Their secret to the best coffee ever is that they're roasting their own beans and they are passionate about coffee.  They don't have a huge menu because they literally just opened their doors.  I gave them 5 stars because every coffee I had there was stellar!  Great people who have the guts to follow their dream even in this economy!
5	Vogava Coffee just opened it's doors. They are not completely set up just yet, but they have amazing coffee. I just ordered 3 pounds to give as a gift to family and friends out of state for the holidays. I have never had a better experience with a local business. I highly recommended them
5	I love this place!  Not only do they roast their own coffee, but they create an entire experience.  Everyone there is so friendly and they are not just passionate about coffee, but they treat you like you're a guest in their home.
4	Excellent Local Roaster and Brewer of Coffee!  Screw Starbucks.  This is what coffee was supposed to taste like before megalithic corporations took over.
5	love the coffee!!  it is excellent!!
5	Exceptionally friendly owners. Great homemade authentic food. I had a Cuban sandwich that was perfect. He even makes the guacamole. Latte was great too. The outdoor seating area was spacious and clean. Wish it was closer to my house. I'd go everyday.
4	Very good espresso, I will be back.
5	Absolutely adore this place, great coffee, service & food. Vogava is tucked away in a strip mall between Rosati's and Tutor Time so it isn't really visible from the main street (Bell Rd). Hopefully that doesn't affect their business because I absolutely love their coffee! From the first time I visited the service was unbeatable and the coffee has been consistently spectacular- they even take call-in orders to make it easier for people on the go. Also, the staff here seems to be genuinely  passionate about what they do which shows in the final product. I'm now a regular here and really hope the business does well. I would highly recommend this place to anyone sick of the over priced burnt dog poop Starbucks dares to call coffee. Stay thirsty my friends!
5	Very friendly with great coffee and customer service.  Locally owned and operated so stop by and support your local businesses.
4	Excellent espressos and coffee.  I love the toddy too.  Definitely would be nice if they had bigger pastry selection or something.  I get the roasted beans for use at home an their great.
3	This place is cute. I'd like to come back and try some food. I just got a drip coffee that was good....a little to hot for me but still good. My only real complaint was how quiet it was. There were only 3 other people in there but the music was bearly audible. If I wanted to I could have listened to the 2 ladies entire conversation. A good spot to sit outside when it's nice and for me to read but I probably wouldn't want to go with anyone, don't want everyone to be in on our convo.
1	Yelp reviews said it was good, checked it out before a Dr. appointment, no selection of pastries, or breakfast stuff, and out of ice? When she took my order she then prepared a customer after me, order before mine and then forgot my stale bagel, horrible customer service, empty place, looks like they just hang out all day on computer and chill, on top if that your asked to leave a tip before you even get your stuff? I am a generous tipper and left a tip when I shouldn't have. I should of went to Jack in the Box.
1	Today, I journeyed to Vogava with high hopes...only to find a sign on the window saying they were open from 9:30-11:30AM only for the next two weeks. Nothing on their website suggests that! I drove about 25 min out of my way, and had to settle for a Starbucks. MAJOR bummer.I look forward to re-writing this review after visiting again! It looks adorable inside, but if you plan on visiting between now and May 10, you have a pretty narrow window of time to enjoy it.
3	I first tried Vogava Coffee when they delivered coffee and pastries to my job for a meeting. They roast their own beans and every coffee blend I have tried is good. The store is small, but nice, with plenty of seating. The only negative thing I can say is they have inconsistent hours of operation. Hours are posted on the door, but they close early randomly because of lack of customers, or in once instance a doctor appointment.
