2	i really cant say much about this place, but they have juk (rice porridge) that is really fricken cheap.  to get one with nothing in it cost about 2 bucks.  i do want to return here again and try more things on the menu.  i just went here to get something quick for somebody who was sick.  i do have to mention that the ppl that take your order doesnt seem to know how to work the complex computer register.  it seemed that they were having trouble on depending on the computer to relay the order to the cooks in the back.  they had to get a manager to resolve the issue.  i just dont see why they didnt just yell through the cook window and say, "hey, i need 1 order of rice porridge...nothing on it."  so strange...
5	Two stars?  No way!  This place has THE best Hong Kong style noodles in Vegas.  They make all their noodles from scratch in the restaurants and everything is done very well.  Try the Hawaiian-Style Minute Chicken Cake Noodles......DELICIOUS!  The chicken is tender and savory, the noodles are satisfyingly crisp on the edges, and the gravy is added in just the right amount. Other must-have dishes include the delectable spicy Chinese green beans w/ X.O. sauce and the heart-attack-inducing-but-oh-so-worth it deep fried salt pepper pork chops. This place is is definitely worth taking the 5 minute cab ride from the strip, especially when you get sick of buffets and overpriced casino restaurants.
4	I'll have to say that whenever I'm in town I look forward to this Chinatown favorite.  I'm a fan of Singapore Rice Noodle and Noodle Palace makes it just right (ask for it extra spicy).  The minute chicken cake noodle is another good choice.  Although with both of these heavy on the carbs dishes you might need a nap before heading back to the casino!  Extras:  Just went smoke-free since the last time I was there.  Sometimes they are cash only.
5	Being born and raised in the States makes me whole lotta American and not much Chinese. But... luckily I have my family to guide me to good Chinese food whether it's at home or out on the town.So... when my mom said, I have a place you're going to love. I trust her. And she was right on.The noodles here are fantastic. I *crave* noodles at least 2x a week and this is the place to go. Big menu. Good prices.Sure... the service is non-existent but... does one reeeeally go to a Chinese restaurant expecting *good* service?
4	I ate there on Christmas morning, as is a fairly common Jewish tradition (at least in metro Detroit). I was surprised to find that I was the only non-Asian in the place the entire time I was there. That's always a welcome sign that I picked the right place.They have three kinds of e-fu (or e mein, as they call it) here, egg & wheat noodles blanched then braised in stock that reconstitutes some kind of dried seafood, signifying long life. I tried the dried scallop. I've never seen more than one on a menu, which was exciting. The waitress was very impressed that I knew what e fu was, and that I ordered something as non-American as congee with salted pork and preserved duck egg. I always get a little kick out of the reactions I get ordering the authentic Chinese stuff.I look forward to going back. Super cheap, and lots of new stuff for me to try. And they serve saimin, something I'm certainly not used to seeing in the midwest.
5	This is definitely my favorite place to get Chinese noodles in Las Vegas! I go there almost weekly. Service is typical of a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown; friendly and simple. The prices are very reasonable.Their made-from-scratch noodles are delicious in every way. Their Hawaiian Noodle Cakes are one of the most popular items on the menu and it deserves to be. They have many varieties of noodles such as spinach, tomato, or carrot flavored noodles. And let me point this out, that glass jar full of chili in the condiment basket on every table is a ONE-of-a-kind awesome! Slather some on your dishes and you'll know why (if you're a spicy food lover). The X.O. Chow Fun is good but it's oily good.
5	My aunt and uncle are regular customers here.  They treated me, my 3 year old daughter, my sister and her family of 4 to dinner last month.  The noodles are great, but so are some of the non-noodle dishes, espcially the duck and the salt and pepper fish - DIVINE.It's definitely family- and kid-friendly.  Too bad I live in LA - I'd be addicted to this place.  But I'll be back!
3	Penang Malaysian Cuisine (2 doors down was Closed, Tuesday)Saw Noodle Palace.Didn't feel like any compromise at all.We (party of 2) were the first customers for the Dinner crowd.And by the number of tables, crowd may be an understatement.Service was spot on as one would expect being #1 & #2 customers.Very sweet and attentive. Glad LV has a Chinatown!!Didn't get any noodle dish this time, stayed with the basics.Hot & Sour soup. Tasty. Unique from my experience, gelatinous base.Waitress's  "favorite".Chicken Curry over rice. Good portion, but quite frankly the least curry I've ever had on any Curry dish. Very pale yellow, pastel in color. Bring On the Dark Mustard Yellow quantity. I want to feel it.Beef Tenderloin w/ Black Pepper sauce.  YUM!! Nice spice level.Tender, Tasty, Try it!!Great portions.Great prices.Great location.No beer.No fortune cookie?Must try their noodle dishes next.I will be back.3 starts for now.
3	Driving back to Los Angeles from Utah, my son wanted noodles for dinner. So lets find a place in Vegas. I was told to exit Spring Mountain West for Chinatown. It was already after 9pm and this place Noodle Palace caught my eyes. We ordered Wonton Noodle Soup, Roast Duck Noodle Soup and Seafood Fried Noodle. Since I'm from LA, comparison is unavoidable. I guess this place is very close to the stuff in LA. Somehow the noodles are thinner though. Not bad for Chinese/Cantonese food outside of LA without the LV casino/hotel high prices.
5	My boyfriend's best friend lives in the area, so the last time we were in town, he took us here for our "last supper". Those two kept going on and on about cake noodles the whole weekend we were there, and I had no idea what they were. It's basically crispy fried noodles with gravy and at this restaurant, it was topped with chicken. Apparently, cake noodles are really popular back in Hawaii. I'm surprised neither of them mentioned cake noodles during our last 4 visits to the islands! Anyway,  I actually like my fried noodles crispy, so my first bite of cake noodles got me hooked! It was so delicious, I'm bummed that there aren't any places like this in L.A. (or maybe I just haven't found one yet). This restaurant serves mainly Chinese food. I can't remember the rest of the food we had ordered that night, but it was all good.
4	True Cantonese style. Taste good and prices are very good. Come here quite often for my wonton noodle soup, roast duck, salt and pepper shrimp, and beef chow fun. Friendly wait staff. Prefer coming here over Sam Woo (tourist trap).
3	Decent greasy spoon Chinese restaurant with a few tricks up its sleeve. Other reviewers' comments on the house-made noodles drew me in, the noodle whore that I am. Here's the run-down:*Pork and Shrimp Potstickers, dough made from spinach: never thought I'd see green potstickers in a fairly typical-looking noodle house, but these were a tasty take on an old favorite. *Cake Noodles: basically clumps of crispy noodles and gravy with fairly tender chicken perched atop. Not mind blowing, but you can't really go wrong w/ crispy house-made noodles.*Pan Fried Noodles with XO Sauce: any idea what "XO Sauce" is? The only XO -- as in XOXO, as in Hugs and Kisses -- sauce I know isn't usually mixed with noodles, though sometimes it is consumed or swallowed. Anyway, Noodle House's (the Chef's?) XO sauce was subtle with a bit of kick at the end, and the dish was essentially a fairly straighforward chow mein with bbq pork and shrimp w/ veggies. Solid.Not that I'm dying to go back, but it was good.
4	Place is awesome! Super friendly staff with down home cooking. This seems like the Chinese diner style food that is getting popular these days. We ordered a ton of dishes including eggplant, cake noodle, pepper beef chow fun, jellyfish salad, pot sticker and peking pork chop. The entire bill was 62 bucks! Great value as you can truly find at locally owned independents. The standouts where the pork chop and the pepper beef chow fun.. so comforting and delicious!
3	Howzit!?This is arguably the best noodle house in Las Vegas. Best dumplings (or 'Water Dog' as my sister in law calls it. From Cantonese pronunciation) in town and surpass many restaurants in Los Angeles.Try the 'Minute Chicken Cake Noodle', Garlic pan fried chicken on grilled noodle cake pieces. Very flavorful.The rest of the items are average. Very good quality consider Las Vegas is not known for good Chinese food.. Very good service, courteous and helpful waitresses, an unusual attribute in Chinese restaurants.I visit them on every trip to Las Vegas.
3	So I didn't try the noodles yet, I had the beef stew with lettuce over rice.  A good stand by dish, usually if they make the beef stew good, the rest is good.....place looks clean, staff is good, prices are reasonable.  Parking sucks though....I guess I should try these Chicken Cake Noodles everyone seems to be yelping about, to be continued.....
4	return from sedona getaway last nite and the girl wants chinese - big surprise since we haven't eaten chinese in 3 days ! A bigger surprise - we haven't eaten here before - not sure how many times we've been to this shopping center - at least 20 times, yet our 1st visit to Noodle Palace. Another surprise - we liked it ! simple, non-descript place. not too busy. We get the rolled noodle w/ XO sauce, Black Pepper Lamb, Onion Pancake, the roast duck noodle soup and we ordered a fish congee (soup ) to go for my daughter. total cost $30 including tea and rice - geez, that's some cheap eats !! all the food was decent - nuthin' earth shattering. but the girl and i agreed - the lamb was beef. the server and the cook insisted it wasn't that it was how they seasoned it that effected the texture and flavor - i guess and it did taste good, but lamb ? we'll try again for sure
4	I had pretty low expectations for this place, so maybe that affects my ratings. We tried three different dishes. Two of which were "standard" noodles I've had at other places and they were both pretty good, albeit slightly on the oily side. The third dish was some dish labeled as Hawaiian. Basically your regular thing egg noodles cooked, then deep fried and cut into little triangles. Not sure what I think of it ... different yes.Lots of space, decently clean, and the waitress was friendly to my parents. Oh yeah, parking is easy. There's a whole second level of parking in this complex.
4	This is the only place in Vegas where you can get Hawaiian Cake Noodle and Malasadas!  I love getting the Seafood Cake Noodle or the Beef Cake noodle.  If you don't know what malasadas are, they are hawaiian donuts, very similar in flavor to the New Orleans beignets; just a little heavier.  A nice fried ball of dough, light and fluffy on the inside with a wonderful crisp outside dusted with powder sugar.  Noodle palace has excellent lunch specials that start at $4.50 whether you want a hot bowl of wonton noodles, dumplings in soup, some fried rice, or chow fun.  You can't go wrong with chow fun for $4.50, especially when it comes out good and tasty.  If you like roasted pork (the stuff with the nice crispy skin), this is the place to order some.  Forget the specialty chinese BBQ places like Sam Woo or BBQ King, at this place, the chef always gives you the best part of the pig.  A nice hunk of pork skin, minimal fat, no bone or bone chips like those other cheap chinese places, and some tasty meat.  Eat it with the hoisin sauce, and you will order it every time.  Other dishes to try is the Salt and Pepper squid (chinese calamari), Salt and Pepper pork chop, Clams with black bean sauce, any vegetable with XO (don't really know what it means) sauce, or if you are craving noodles on a hot or cold day, the wonton egg noodles are delicious.  Portions are a generous size, and the wait staff is always friendly, with quick service.  They are smart enough to take your order in english and help you decide what you want.Overall, this is a nice cheap alternative to eating on the strip with good chinese food, good service, and always leaving with a doggy bag.
2	I went to the restaurant because of all the good reviews here, but the restaurant is a total disappointment.  The waitress recommended a fried rice, and it had absolutely no taste.  The Hawaiian cake noodle was very oily too.  Business was very slow in that restaurant... I'm not surprised.
4	Located at the Pacific Asian(?) Plaza; about a mile or so from the Chinatown Plaza is a great cheap eats place. M-F they have the lunch specials for $4.50 and it's a decent sized portion too. I also had the malasadas. They were ok but I was more impressed with the price to taste ratio. I don't know what bus to take to get here since I usually rent a car when I am in vegas.
4	Two words- cheap, good. Lunch specials are very affordable and the portions aren't too bad. So many noodle, rice and a la carte dishes to choose from. To be honest the quality is better than Sam Woo's. Come here for lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed!
4	This place is a bargain for lunch.  They have a $4.50 menu from 11am-3 pm every day !  I always get the shrimp dumpling soup , no noodles .  Spice it up with their oil based hot sauce and I'm a happy man.  Try the pan fried rice noodle with beef in brown sauce, it's yummy.   If this place was closer, I'd go there everyday !      If you come on a holiday weekend, they have NO lunch specials, just the regular menu.  I've seen people (regulars, I suppose)  get up and leave because of this.  It's funny because the regular menu is only $2 at most more.  It'll be hard to beat those prices unless you go to Micky D's.             *They open at 11 am , but are usually late by 5 - 10 minutes.
4	CHEAP Chinese food!  I've only been here for the lunch specials.  We ordered from the poster signs pasted on the window.  They were all delicious!
2	We ordered shrimp dumpling soup and requested 2 bowls, but our server did not think it would be enough for us so we cancelled that order and requested the pan fried noodles with chicken.  We ended up receiving both.  The soup had a curious flavor and the noodle dish was pretty mundane.
4	Went here for lunch one day. Their lunch menu is $4.50 for almost everything! Crazy prices, got to love it!Got the Shrimp dumpling noodle soup, dad got Malaysian chow fun, and another dish, the wet beef chow fun (you know). It was all good. I'm not sure if there was any shrimp in my dumpling, nothing like Wonton House in SF,CA. The noodles were okay, they say all the noodles are made by one company for all the Asian restaurants in LV. I tried soaking it in the soup a little longer, but the soup wasn't hot enough to make it softer (the way I like it). The Malaysian chow fun was good, they kind of just added yellow curry powder to show fun and called it Malaysian, it was still tasty, the flavor is probably different for people who haven't had that curry before. The wet beef chow fun was very good. A lot of sauce for all the noodles. The place has good lighting and a very relaxed feel. Good place for lunch.
3	So when I first moved here my cousin took me here twice and both times were good. I had a simple BBQ rice plate first time and the 2nd some Walnut Prawns and we shared some simple Chinese broccoli and roast pork. I even took a green onion pancake to go. It was cheap and solid. Went back with my BF and it was actually kinda yucky. Got some mixed meat and seafood crispy/dry style noodle..I bit into raw shrimps and squid tasted too "seafood-y", definitely not fresh at all. We also had the porkchops and those were alright. I guess I'm staying away from the mixed seafood for a bit, but maybe too it was an off night. Still it's enough for the BF not wanting to go back. I'll try to try it alone and weigh in on it again.
3	Aiight..3 stars just for Cheap Eats alone...So i hit this today for lunch. Read reviews before and its near the J-O, so why not.. $4.50 lunch specials and the portions were BIG.. now i can destroy some food, but when they were bringing me my food, i was like Ohh Yeah, i'm going to sleep as soon as i get back to my desk.. Headphones + ITIS = ZZzzzzz... so i went with the pan fried noodles and chicken... My bad.. the lunch menu has a variety, and i plan to work my way through it..but that dish was just too bland..i mean it definitely wasn't my cup of tea..even with my cup of tea..but i will find something on that menu that will put a smile on my tastebuds.. Even if its just the Combo Rice..cuz really, can you actually mess up combo rice??
5	Real chinese food!  I love how they provide complimentary hot green tea!  Service was quick.  The location is very  convenient too (because the market is just downstairs).  Good quality food for cheap prices.  I normally get the duck noodle in soup or shrimp dumpling noodle in soup.  If you like  spicy (like I do), just add Mongolian hot chilli oil to it.  One of my top 10 places to eat for cheap.
3	Been meaning to try this restuarant out for a while now.  Finally went there for lunch last week.  Was a little nervous as we arrived about 12:50pm and there was only one other table that was occupied.  An empty restuarant is not a good sign.  But we stayed to try the food anyway and I am so glad that we did.  I have to say the food wasn't bad for $4.50 a dish.  We had the wonton noodles, pork and century egg congee and chicken chow mein.  The wontons were very tasty, the chow mein dish was pretty good, but the congee was not as flavorful as it could be.  By the time we finished our meal, the restuarant was nearly full.  I guess the lunch crowd starts at 1pm here.  Will definitely come back to try some other dishes.  They have a huge selection dishes and I was surprised to see that they also serve some Hawaiian dishes.   I also went back and ordered take out - beef stew and tendon on rice.  The beef stew was very tasty, but there wasn't enough sauce for my rice.  That's my only complaint.
4	We went there for lunch and it was great.  Everything pleased even my picky co-workers.  The pan fried noodles Malaysian style were excellent as was the Wor Wonton Soup.
4	Eating Chinese in Las Vegas is like eating Mexican food in San Antonio, there are a dozen places to choose from and on every block. To find a really good Chinese place, you want to keep it to your self, so no one else goes, but it's not easy to keep it on the down low, when a place is really good. I love their minute chicken with cake noodle. The chicken is small bite size pieces crispy on outside, with good flavor through out, then the cake noodle is cut into blocks, fried until crispy but remains soft inside, and they add the sauce, it's too good to describe. My other favorite here is their eggplant with pork, the sauce is so good, you can add It to your rice and make it a meal. We will usually get sweet and sour something, tonight it was shrimp, it was tasty, but I can leave it, it's my hubby that insist we get it every time. Overall, we have been here many times, and even when it's just him and me, we order plenty, the flavors are consistent and they way we like em, they do remind us of the Hawaii Chinese we miss. I would recommend anyone to try this place, if you enjoy a good Chinese meal.
4	This was one of the first places I visited in Chinatown and is now one of my go to restaurants.  I don't think I can drive down Spring Mountain without wanting to turn in for some eggplant w/tofu or the Minute Chicken with cake noodle.  The eggplant is chunky - not mushy with just the right amount of zing.  The Minute Chicken is tender and super flavorful and the crunch of the cake noodle just adds the right touch.  I  haven't really tried much else since I love these items so much, but I am sure they are all as tasty!
4	I'm a regular here.  Noodles, noodles and more noodles. I heart noodle soup and their cake noodles are good too. I usually get one noodle soup to share and add extra noodle for a little more.  My favorite veggies are the string beans with olives. The staff is always really welcoming and quick with the refills. Definitely worth the trip and inexpensive to boot.
2	This is our second fav , Hawaiian  style Chinese in Vegas.      We had the cold ginger chix,  spicy eggplant with pork, sweet n sour shrimp , dry scallop w / winter melon soup and minute chix with cake noodle.        Soup was very bland . Ginger chicken had good flavor, it's poached chix chopped up then covered in a mixture of cilantro,ginger , green onion and oil , served cold .The sweet n sour shrimp was well sweet n sour nothing special.My wifes fav the minute chix wit cake noodles was good . The star tonight was the spicy pork and eggplant. Flavor was spot on . Eggplant was not overcooked and mushy, the sauce was seasoned perfectly and it ws no too spicy.            I guess it's depends on who's cooking , tonight I think the seasoning was a little light so overall the food was bland , I been here when the food was better tonight was a little disapointing to me .
5	Loves it! Everything I've had here is delicious! Especially Hawaiian style cake noodle!
4	Noodle Palace, along with Sushimon is a must eat when I'm in LV.  One word: Wonton.  They have the best wonton ever.  The wonton fillings consist of pork and shrimp.  The filling is packed with flavor and paired with the soup base it comes with fills your mouth with an explosion of deliciousness.  I tend to order the wonton mein because I love noodles and the noodles that come with the wonton is thin, has great texture and goes great with the wontons.  When I'm not feeling like a carb-head, I like to get a bowl of just wontons which come with 12 so perfect for one person or to share.  (i wish i had a pic to share but i ate it all before i remembered to take a picture :) )They also have tons of other great items on the menu.  I've had the mini chicken cake noodle here and the cake noodles are so crispy good.  The gravy sauce that comes with it softens and flavors the noodles perfectly.  The beef chow fun here is good, the soy sauce chow mein is good, basically anything noodle related is good. If you know me, I love bargain and tasty eats.  Noodle Palace has the best bargain lunch menu.  Items ranging from 5-8 bucks, huge portions, and most important of all....full of zesty flavor!  I can't wait for my next trip here to get my wonton fix!
4	This place has authentic cantonese flavors. The noodle dishes are pretty good and big portions, they  will not disappoint. they got decent lunch specials with lots of choices but they never have the two things I always want when I go for lunch speicals. Salt and pepper pork and Vegtables dishes. they do offer some dim sum stuff here but not worth it, go somewhere else if you really want dimsum. Overall good food and service is always decent(chinese place, dont expect great service).
4	I went there last night with my wife and her sister. Food: 4 out of 5Price: 5 out of 5Service: 5 out of 5We will definitely go back here.
1	I rather go to other place; waste of money.  I cannot believe they deep fried the duck and call bbq duck. I will not go there again due to the food quality. It taste like my wife's horrible cooking.
4	Awesome place to go with a crowd of people, maybe yelpers, for some food and conversation.Because we ordered as a group i wasnt able to identify everything on the table but needless to say the food was good and when the bill came it wasnt bank breaking.The one thing i did order was a crowd favorite.Garlic Pea SproutsOur server kept trying to correct me because they were actually 'snow pea leaves' but i just nodded at her and referred to the picture on the wall which said GARLIC PEA SPROUTS. lol
5	This was our first visit and we were very pleased with the service as well as the food.  If they had featured pulled noodles it would have been perfect!  The best dish for us was the eggplant.  Wonderful treat.  Next visit we will try the garlic pea sprouts.
4	Went there today for lunch after reading everyone's reviews of the dumplings.  I've had plenty in my lifetime and my mom is very picky about her won-tons and dumplings so I had to try it!Went during lunch and had the shrimp dumpling with noodles for $4.50 and saw that they had chicken feet for $1.99 so got that too.The dumplings were actually very good, good enough to bring mom's here when she comes to town- I think she might approve!The chicken feet were okay, I've had better but these were good enough for the price.The place was half full when I arrived and only had one person waiting on everyone but service was somewhat attentive and they spoke pretty good English.  Most of the patrons spoke Cantonese so that's always a good sign.  I also noticed that they had a lot of Hawaiian entrees posted on their walls..will have to bring my Hawaiian friends here next time also!This is a keeper as prices can't be beat for quality and quantity of food!
3	This is the kind of Chinese restaurant you would expect to find in Chinatown. Good, authentic Chinese cuisine for an excellent price.A large majority of their clientele are of Asian descent, so I am not completely surprised that they always serve me the "American" version of their chicken lo mein, even though I asked for the traditional version.These days, I am resigned to let them make it whatever way they want - I get less confused looks that way (and the American version is really quite good after all).
5	Got here an hour before closing...there was no wait. My BF and I were the only ones dining in.I ordered the Won Ton Mein and BF had the Beef Stew Noodle.By far the best Won Ton Mein I have eaten! The soup had just the right amount of flavor, the wontons had shrimp and pork in it and were tasty. Nice complement to the cold weather that evening.I had a taste of the Beef Stew Noodles and it was actually really good. The cubes of beef were very tender unlike other places I have tried and the soup was pleasantly flavored.Next time I'm in Vegas I am definately coming back here! The price can't be beat.
3	***** Fresh Noodles ******A regular for years.  Stick to the noodle section of the menu....whether it is noodle soup or stir-fry.Couple tips - you can always add a dollar extra for extra noodle.  Sometimes you can split with a friend and order an appeteizer.The E-Fu noodles are excellent.  Also, you've probably read all about the Hawaiian Cake Noodles.....very yummy.They have cheap lunch specials for 5 bucks and also at dinner, you can get a decent deal.  But this place has probably the best noodles for the value.
4	After our little Haterade excursion at Luv-It, a bunch of us Yelpers decided to hit up Noodle Palace. The place was sold to me pretty hard. I'm happy to report that it lived up to the high expectations.We ordered so many things, I don't remember it all. All I know is that it was all good. Family style dining at its best! In particular, I enjoyed the Minute Chicken Cake Noodle and the Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodle (that one is an old favorite of mine and it's been years since I've had a well-made plate of it). I guess it makes sense that a Noodle Palace would serve up tasty noodle dishes. Anything less would be uncivilized.
1	Came here for lunch one day to try their pan fried noodles which I had heard many good things about.  lease was pretty empty, and service staff was somewhat disengaged.I ordered the pane fried noodle with chicken from the lunch menu, thinking this is a staple of their menu and should be a good entry to their cuisine.In short, the noodles tasted like they were pre-packaged, not fresh, and the chicken was very poor quality - taste (and texture in particularly) was poor - had that rubbery 'what part of the chicken is this' quality.Will not return - service was unremarkable, and food quality was poor (at $4.50, was not expecting greatness, but this bordered on inedible or at the very least extremely unappetizing).  Much better options exist.
1	Went there 2011-04-17; THE PLACE IS CLOSED.  sign on door says "closed for renovations", but there there was no renovation visible and the "noodle palace" sign over the door has been removed.
1	FYI - We went to the restaurant today 4/26/11 but they are no longer there. We called the phone number but it's no longer in service.
