2	My husband and I ordered a couple of recliners from this store in November.  We paid 1/2 up front and received a call from the owner a couple weeks later saying that one of our recliners was in but that the other one was sent to the wrong warehouse and wouldn't arrive until January.  My husband did pick up the recliner that was in but we're pretty sure we were given the floor model because the chair looks worn and also has a pretty bad squeak. The owner did deliver the 2nd recliner to our house when it arrived in January, but we weren't offered any kind of reimbursement for having to wait 2 months.  My husband did call the owner to let him know about the squeaky recliner and was told that he'd have to bring in the recliner so the manufacturer could provide us with a new one.  We didn't want to go through the hassle because we figured we'd have to wait another 2 months for a new recliner.  The owner was nice but I'm not sure that I'd ever buy furniture from this store again.  Most people do not want 2 months for their furniture to arrive and I felt the owner could have done more to compensate us for our troubles.
5	I purchased a dresser online from this company. Not only was it a REALLY good price for a great piece, but the manager was incredibly helpful. The day of delivery, the delivery guy had an issue and couldn't come, but rather than make me wait all weekend and take time off, the owner brought it to me himself! I would definitely recommend these guys. They have good things and great prices and great customer service too!
3	Interesting pieces. Small store, might have what your looking for if basic is what you need.
5	Just made my 3rd purchase from here.  One of my clients originally referred me about 6 months ago and I purchased a couch and a dresser.  Great prices on both and anyone that sits on my couch agrees that it is the most comfortable couch they've ever sat on!!  Both were delivered on time and assembled without any issues.  The salesmen are not pushy and in-your-face like a few other places I had been to.  And, yes, it is a smaller showroom, which I liked because it wasn't overwhelming.  They have catalog's which feature all of their items that aren't on display.  Today, I purchased a bedframe (again very reasonably priced for the quality, esp when compared to another nearby showroom I checked right before) and plan to return for a dining room table in the next couple months.  Don't plan on shopping for furniture anywhere else!!
