3	Despite this pub being fairly closer to work, I had never been and visiting on a sunny day was a pleasant surprise.There is a fairly decent sized beer garden out back and it is a sun trap. For those who want to hide from the sun but stay outdoors, some of the tables have parasols over them. Lots of seating outside, including some couches and soft chairs and the TV will sit on the outside bar shack if a big sporting event is on. Inside appears pretty traditional - all dark wood, a separate dining area and bar. 3 stars because service was slow and bar staff weren't aware of who was at the bar for how long so waited ages for drinks. Despite the sun, the crowds outside (Wimbledon was on) then the bar wasn't well staffed either...So, 3 stars for the moment. I'll definitely head back as it is fairly local and the beer garden is a plus.
1	Blue goose....Sadly I would not recommend this establishment. Their table service is terrible. Food inconsistent. I've been a fair few times as on my home from my horses. Stupidly giving them more than 3 chances ....I can say the furniture is lovely. A sense of opulence. Shame if sitting in the leathers chairs and not the restaurant one has to practically shout for someone to bring a menu.... Then come get your order....  After you food comes they (never come back again to see if everything ok).....  Don't come to take plates away when done and or complete the experience with a timely bill. Shocking. Save your money.So so many other fabby restaurants to give you time and money. Cheers.
4	Well I am so glad I've tried again. Wonderful feeling in here. I came in for soup but waitress told me all the menu and the goats cheese risotto, tomatoe, spinach rocked!And it was superb. Pine nuts. A few cherries Toms. Perfect as often chefs go mad on tomatoes. My food came at a reasonable amount of time after ordering. Soooooo pleased. Hot and beautifully displayed in a large large bowl plate. The atmosphere is delightful. The fire is on  and  smells grand. I'm only having a pineapple juice and amazingly, I feel punch drunk. I'll be coming back.
2	Well I've been a bit disappointed upon arrival. Sat ages before approached. Blue Goose get your policy straight! Table service means table service in the pub area. Be clear. Train your staff please.  Approach approach approach and ask. Smile! Really money is not growing on trees. Arrived 16.40 today. 4 staff floating about. Ages. Only saved by a tall chap who was on his way with broom and shovel to tidy another table. Hats off, ( I think his name Terry), made eye  contact and indicated he'd come to me. Sincerely that is all I was asking. 3 staff (one I found out to be a supervisor, who bless,  looked run of his feet trying to tidy up the place!) yet still not a one came over. Tall chap saved my experience. And then I saw him doing as I would do. Wine cooler filled with boiled water and polishing the silver. In this time of not scanning all the tables to see if folk needed anything the staff stood around!!  If in doubt polish!  I've work at at 5 star restaurants..... Regardless ...... Treat everyone like the Dali Lama. It is how I was trained. I'm am annoyed and angry as the furniture and opulence of Blue Goose promises different. Pub has seats. Is it table service. (I personally do not like to go to the bar).  I dare say I think you staff are lazy. Check in. Check in.  Really. If folk want just a drink they'll say and go up to the bar. Each time I've every come ,I sit for food. I realise staff are not mind readers ...... They must approach. Do Not Assume.  So many opportunities to expand a customer's bill were missed. Countless missed to expand mine. Come and ask....  " is everything ok"......after placing god down pause, " is there anything else I can get you?". Address the nature table.  Thank goodness for the tall chap; I learned from him the that the General Manager is Ross.   Ross please have more training days.... Invest or you may lose large paying customers like myself.  Right, I've gone on enough!  The lemon sole tonight was magnificent,?(really),on its own but enhanced by good waiter service. Thankyou and sorry tall chap for whaling on you upon first moments of arrival. Cheers. SassP.P.S2+ hrs later....Ps. Have just chatted extensively with the new shift supervisor. A gem!  She heard me and understood. Young lassies with strawberry blond hair. Brilliant at making a fire in the stove. Because of her eye contact and smile I was able to beacon her. So much potential. She feels the same. Thankyou. Blue goose.
1	Blue goose. 9.10 pm  tuesday 29 july Don't know why I bother. My normal pub after horses stops at 8pm so I  thought to go to blue goose set my mind for positive service.Disappointed again. Chap polishing cutlery finally sees me standing at entrance to table service area. Turned his back and continued!  I stood longer..... Finally he says can I help you?Rubbish
3	Blue Goose is a perfectly decent local pub, and well located for dog walkers.  We come with Kip S's parents, as they live nearby and we can get a direct bus. It's fairly big, with a restaurant area and a sizeable bar area with comfy sofas where you can eat too (it's the same menu in both). Fairly standard pub fare - steak pie, fish and chips, steak sandwich etc, as well a limited tapas offering and a ridiculous number of specials. I always go for steak pie. Boring? Maybe, but here's a pub that actually serves a PIE and not stew with a bit of separately cooked pastry...Prices are reasonable, staff are friendly, and whilst the owner's love of tacky antiques isn't to my taste, it does at least lend the Blue Goose a homely atmosphere. A-OK seems about right!
