5	There is only one park in Edinburgh that can even come close to boasting about being on a par with the Meadows and it is this park that is able to make the bold statement.  In some ways, though only by having fixed goals, allotments and a bit more peace and quiet, it even manages to beat the Meadows.The parks itself covers a large amount of space offering football goals, rugby posts, tennis courts, cricket greens and a bowling green.  Being such a large park it manages to accommodate all of these with ease leaving plenty of extra space for those willing to take up its kind offer of a place to sit and let the world go by.The park forms a bit of a hub for the surrounding community and area with the help of the neighbouring Royal Botanic Gardens and some allotments.  If I could chose any part of Edinburgh to live in I'd probably live near here largely due to this park.
4	great for walking the dog, has lots of places to find, the swans are a bit dodgy tho so stay away. lots of friendly people walking and a small park for the kids to play in.
3	As far as parks go, what more do you want than lots of open green space, away from busy main roads to avoid both noise and air pollution, and in a nice suburban yet still fairly local area?I'm a bit of a green-fingered soul and having grown up in the country side, as much as I love city-living, do often feel the need to get back to nature. I love early mornings as the sun rises, birds twit and tweet, or evenings with the sound of pigeons cooing and the smell of barbeques never too far away. But I digress, basically as far as parks and green spaces go, I like to think that I pay attention, I value things, and I'm something of a seasoned park purveyor.Inverleith park is right beside the much grander Royal Botanic Gardens, which I adore, but can't really compare it too. However, as Robert L has done by comparing it to the Meadows, I'd have to say I prefer the latter. There are far more trees, paths, and it has more of a community feel of it. Inverleith is a wide open space, probably ideal for football of family fun days, but seems to be less of a gathering space for locals. Also it has less to look at, smell and take in. As a runner I also like green spaces to pound rather than pavement, but also have something interesting to look at.Wow this is quite a long review for a park. Basically, if you live locally it's a fantastic open green space, that's very well kept and has lots of room for picnics, family days, dog walking, jogging and the like. It just seemed to lack that certain je ne sais quoi that would draw me here, and make me take the trip across the city to get here. Wonderful for locals though.
4	My first visit here was with a two year old in tow. A wet and windy day, a pond with ducks and swans and some obsessive guys racing little boats, complete with rescue crafts. It was cold and muddy but strangely charming and a good hour was spent discussing duck families, whilst getting covered in mud from toddler wellies when legs were too weary to continue to run around the pond following the ducks.Subsequent visits have been on lovely summer days and minus the rain, mud and the toddler (not mine). I like The Meadows but its just seems so big and busy whereas I often wander down to Inverleith park as it seems smaller despite its size and I can still have my own little patch of grass, to daydream the afternoon away after I've wandered around Stockbridge. The views over the city are fab - I like finding a sunny spot on the hill by the pond. The boat racing can be a bit noisy if you are looking for complete peace and quiet but can also be quite amusing watching the crashes and the rescue boat recovering casualties from the race. I have to admit, I love Stockbridge and on a sunny day, Inverleith Park is usually my first choice for spending a few relaxing hours.
3	I have to be honest, I've only been here twice exactly two years apart and both times it was to run a 5K. Whilst the first time it was incredibly enjoyable to run through Inverleith Park and the Botanics the second time was a nightmare. The never ending rain we've been blighted with this summer (or as I prefer to call it now, monsoon season) turned the grass in to a some kind of qsudo loch bog thing. I had mud socks up to my knees and the place was absolutely honking! (I also managed to get slapped in the face with a tree branch as I was too busy watching my footing in the muddy grass to notice the low hanging tree branch everyone else was ducking under.) The scenery is nice to look at as you jog along, it's certainly MUCH more interesting than a boring old treadmill. My experience has really been marred by the mud. I'm sure its very pleasant park when we don't experience an entire season's rain in the space of a few weeks. I shall endeavour to come back and experience it in the sunshine, if we ever get enough to dry out the grass this year.
4	This park on the north side of the city is a good choice if you want to get away from the hustle and bussle of the meadows or Princes street gardens.The park is divided in to 4 quadrants, one being taken up by allotments, another by sport fields which seem to get busy over the weekend. Despite this there's still lots of green space to throw a frisbee, fly a kite or walk the dog. Each part is lined by old trees which adds to the character and charm of the park.Talking about dog walking, this is probably one of the nicest parks to walk the old pooch as they'll be in good company, the park is almost always full of friendly dogs.There's a lovely swan pond which freezes over in the winter, which makes the whole place look quite magical. The view is something to write home about, it's the perfect place to look right over the centre of the city, and it's a great view point when ever there's fireworks over the castle.Down a star as I don't think there are enough benches, especially ones which aren't shaded by the trees and in the summer BBQ burns are apparent pretty much everywhere. Edinburgh council should provide bricks as they do in the meadows.Do yourself a favour and give this one a try I'm sure you'll love it.
4	i'm a big fan of green spaces in edinburgh!  they're good for BBQs in the summer, running all the paths any time of the year, and inverleith is a great place to watch the fireworks for the end of the festival :)  they even put up a big screen facing the castle so you can see and hear the concert in the gardens while watching the fireworks!  definitely a popular place to go with those who live nearby, instead of making the trek to a very busy princes street!in addition to all that what i really love about this park is that there is a pond which has ducks and swans in it!!  being able ot stroll past on a nice day brings back memories of childhood and going to feed the ducks with my mum and sister :)  so nostalgia makes this one of my favourite parks in edinburgh!!
