4	This is the Y location I "should" be going to, but I'm about equidistant to 3 different Y locations.  The Siskey branch is very family oriented and has a ton of amenities.  They are undergoing renovations - just added a yoga room and are expanding their child watch center.... All the renovations are proof of how active and responsive this Y branch is to it's patrons.
4	One of the biggest Ys in the southern Charlotte region, with lots of great classes.  Siskey is not the closest Y for me to get to, but I end up here a lot since the class schedule is so accommodating.  There are classes going on practically any time of day so you're bound to find something going on even if you have a hard time working it into your schedule.  They also have unique classes here that other Ys don't offer.  While pregnant I loved 'Moms on the Move' where I was lifting and stepping all the way through 9 months with an instructor who was trained to work with preggos and postpartum moms, so I knew if I started to overdo it she'd reel me back in.  (on a fun side note, you can expect to find new mommies squatting and lunging with their little infants in hand!  Hey, that's extra weight we're lifting!)  For older kids there are great programs at this Y and a nice big day care facility which was recently updated and renovated.  But you don't need to have kids to enjoy Siskey.  They have a heated indoor pool with swimming lanes for adults and a great track and athletic field out front.  The equipment is mostly top of the line and there are usually plenty of machines available in the largest gym room.  There are constantly training groups being coordinated whether you need some motivation to train for that first 5K, or you want to meet some new pals training for your 10th marathon.  The place is so big it can be a little hard to navigate, but the staff is so friendly you only need to ask someone to point you in the right direction and they'll insist on walking you directly to where you want to go.  If you're looking for a gym, or if you're already Y member, it's worth a visit!
5	This is the first Y I have ever tried. We live very close to it, which is a plus. They have great sports programs for kids and the track is pretty good.
5	Very Nice Staff!  Clean Clean CLEAN Facility!  This place is Very Well Maintained!!!Enter the "Free Weight" Room of almost any Gym and you'll find more of the same, guys acting like they are serious, acting like they are training so hard, making much more noise than safe or necessary which is mildly comical and entertaining to me!  Thankfully none of them looked like they were on Steroids and UNthankfully none offered any inspiration, neither from their Physiques nor style of performance, intensity nor efficiency!  Meaning they spend more time sitting around resting between sets than stimulating some positive results!   Though most of these guys looked as if they had some experience with Training and eating most of them had more Muscle mass than I, ALL had more fat too!  I'm not lean enough to be the leanest guy in the Gym!  I only write this in case some of those guys read and get Mad or more importantly get motivated like it is getting ready to be Speedo (I mean swimsuit) season instead of Thanksgiving and the rest of the Holidays where everyone is eating too much!What Follows is the reason a person should get excited about this place!  Remember to always use Caution!  Safety is EXTREMELY Important!  Training with a competent Partner or an Expert Trainer is very helpful (you may need luck and skill finding the later)!  The Reason I give this place 5 yelp stars in not because the place is Clean and the Staff are Nice, and they are!  The reason for the 5 stars is this ONE Fantastic piece of equipment (talked about in the next Paragraph)!Featuring the : :  Hammer Strength V - Squat! !! !!!  Use Caution!!!  Safety Considerations are a Priority -  With a proper Warm-Up and ALL Safety Precautions applied proceed to get as familiar with this valuable piece of equipment...  If you can Properly use this machine it is Very Valuable!!! Once you become an Expert on this Movement and gradually learn the application of Intensity of Effort, Progression and proper Rest and Nutrition you will be on your way to the Development of the BEST Physique your Genetics will allow!The rest of the equipment ranges from A-OK to almost worthless, so what, it will do, Because you have the opportunity to to train the Largest Muscles in the Human Body on this one "Machine" (Hammer Strength V - Squat) probably Designed by Gary Jones (the late Arthur Jones, Son)!  Some of the Videos on YouTube may be helpful!  All of the Equipment was in Great Working Order, which is Rare in Gyms...I'm not a Psychologist, nor a Psycho Analyst, nor a Psychiatrist not even a LPC so if you are taking parts of this review too seriously you may have Bigger problems than I'm trained to handle.  Neither this review NOR the remarks about the Brand Name "Speedo" are approved by Paul Koehler, My Hero!
5	I have enjoyed taking the Step class on Wednesday at Siskey.  The instructor is a beast but I have worked up to keeping up with her.  The class will give you a full-fledged workout.  The facility also has an indoor track that is upstairs and circles the gym.  They have a number of exercise rooms which makes alternate classes available.  The Zumba class is also a blast.  That instructor is a fireball!  This is one of the nicer facilities although I don't think the weight room is large enough.  They also have a steam room and sauna in the male/female locker rooms.
4	Expansive YMCA with everything you come to expect from a top-flight gym.  It's only rival really is the Harris Y in South Park.The primary work out room has dozens of machines, and turnover is high so you're rarely waiting to work out, even during rush hours.  Another nice thing about this gym is the relatively low number of meat head types crushing bench presses in the free weight section.  Definitely a more family oriented atmosphere here which makes gym visits much more palatable.  If you don't know about it already, for members, you can drop your kids off for day care while you work out.  It's a great feature of your membership!
2	The siskey Y is convenient  for me. I commute to Monroe from Charlotte during the week and stop by this location in Matthews on the way home.  The employees are great and I've never had an issue with cleanliness. It's a little too crowded for my taste, though. I've had to wait for a machine several times during peek hours. They don't do a great job of monitoring their machines during rush hour. Some people use them for 60 + minutes when the machines have a 30 minute limit, which is very frustrating.
5	This is the best YMCA in the Charlotte area...hands down. The staff is so wonderful, and accommodating. There are a number of machines, and free weights at your disposal, and lots of cardio equipment. Back to the staff. They are so friendly, and it gives this branch that special "we are family" atmosphere. The managers will work with you if you have problems with your membership with no questions at all. They are very understanding of situations, problems that may occur. They are also very knowledgeable of their place of business. Ask anyone at the front desk about a class, and they won't pull out a brochure, they will tell you who teaches the class, and the times. They greet you with a warm smile, and a friendly,"hello," when you walk through the door. Now I have been to nearly every Y in Charlotte, and I don't think any has a power lifting platform. That makes the Siskey the only one in the area. If you deadlift, barbell row, power clean, clean and jerk, or snatch, you will need a platform, and rubber bump plates. Yes, the Siskey is the only Y that I know of that has these items. You may have a wait on your hands, but be patient, stay warm, and you will be on it in no time. All in all, Dowd, Harris, McCrorey, Johnston, well, let's just all of the other Ys in Charlotte can't hold a torch to the Siskey's fun, family atmosphere. It's almost like Cheers where everyone knows your name. Customer service, cleanliness, atmosphere, equipment, classes are all A+. Come to the Siskey. You won't regret it.
2	I honestly don't know why this place gets such great reviews...other than the fact that the people that work there are super nice!!There is one large and cut up room with cardio, machines and free weights but its really busy and you always have to wait for things.  The weights are old school, which is fine..but just not new!The facility is nice, although I don't use anything besides the weight room.  I'm sure it's a great gym, but if you go for lifting/cardio and that's it...there are other alternatives that I think are a lot better.
1	They lost stars due to allowing grown men use the "FAMILY" dressing rooms to change and shower KNOWING that it's reserved for people with children under 17.  What does THAT tell you!
2	Too many old naked guys hanging around in the locker room and way too many old men hanging out in the family locker room...  WITHOUT CHILDREN!  Why is that???
1	I am a current YMCA member with a family membership and metro pass.The worst, terrible experience. I got injured taking swim lessons there and the entire staff couldn't care less and only covered for each other rather than doing the right thing and admitting they and especially, the swim instructor, Amanda, were at fault. They were inexperienced and rude. That is not the Christian way nor is it professional. Please be careful, especially with these swim instructors. Amanda is not even a good swimmer. She taught the course fully dressed and not in the pool. How do you teach a swim course like that? She is very naive and unprofessional. Buyer beware. I have kids and would be afraid if they were being taught by this group. Morgan or Amanda did not even apologize, rather they tried to ignore me or help in any way. Very pathetic service and for this place to be advertising swim lessons is appalling.I am a member and have children as members. This is an honest review based on my experience.
1	I am a current member and family member with a metro pass. Just because you didn't get injured Tammi doesn't mean others have to be silent or mocked. My swim instructor was incompetent and rude. Others in my group said the same. That is the truth. I rarely review businesses but people should know so they don't also get hurt because of someone else's negligence. I was training for a marathon and because of Amanda, had to pull out of the race. I have kids and her incompetence impacted not only me but my family.
4	This is by far better than any YMCA I'm used to.  I mean they have a water park!  Are you kidding me?!  Friendly staff, full schedule and the classes are nice and challenging.  I love that the hours are pretty flexible to fit my crazy schedule except on Sundays when they don't open until noon but hey this is the south!  Gotta get your church on!  There is something fun for the whole family. My teenager plays basketball, my 5 year old place soccer and the 3 year old enjoys swimming and in addition to the many classes, I enjoy moms mornings out where I can drop off my youngest and run errAnds for 3 hours ($25). I do wish they offered more programs for the 3 year old during the day.  It's great that they offer child are while I work out but my some would love to actually work out or play a sport too.The facilities are well maintained which is great and if you want a private workout they do have equipment in the lady's locker room which is a nice alternative.
5	One of the best YMCA systems in the country. The Siskey Y is fantastic for families with many activities available throughout the year. (Basketball, Flag Football, Soccer, etc.)All the equipment anyone would need, indoors and out.Friendly and attentive staff.
