1	These people were too stupid to send a bill to the correct address and then after getting the correct address, were too stupid to send me the bill for another FOUR MONTHS. I guess I underestimated how difficult it can be to use a computer to type out a bill and actually mail it out.Also, Randy seems to think the best way to have people people pay a bill they've never actually received is to insult them and ask if they're too poor to afford $70. Well, Randy, it's very difficult to pay a bill that you and your client are too incompetant to send out.FYI, I have yet to receive an actual bill. All I've received is a letter stating the amount due with stickers and stamps on it. Good job. I can see the four months of hard work you put into this.
1	I started getting calls from NPC yesterday for a company I haven't used in two or three years. I never got a letter from either companies and the "gentleman" I talked to claimed he sent two letters, one a few months ago and another in January 2010. Over THREE years ago. He also claimed they were reporting the debt to credit reporting agencies every month, but I checked and nothing is there. When I told him I just wanted to pay the small debt and get this ridiculousness behind me, he put the phone on hold and pretended to ask "my lawyer" if he even wanted to deal with my bad attitude. Do not use this company. They are a bunch of idiots.
1	Nevada Professional Collections. There is nothing "Professional" about this business. The main woman who handles most of the accounts, Ms. Holt, communicates with customers like ghetto trash. I'm sorry, but anyone who says, "I'm FINNIN' to to hang up now", is a joke and has no business speaking to people over a phone.I simply requested that they send me, in writing, a payoff amount and they would not comply. Instead, I was connected to the Supervisor, Mr. Bryant, who proceeded to threaten me that he would submit my account for legal action and a Constable would serve me a court summons on the grounds of me being a "jerk" - exact words. I could not believe it. All because I'm asking for something in writing before shelling out over $600? Unreal. This is not an unreasonable request whatsoever.I was appalled. This type of behavior is indicative of high school children that have not, and will not, ever make anything of their lives except harassing people for a living over the phone.
