5	Visited G&G today based upon recommendations from an online Mercedes owner's forum.  They only work on Mercedes and their experience is obvious and valuable.  Very impressed by how nice every person I encountered was.  My C32 has a vibration in the steering wheel and Iram told me over the phone to bring it in so they could take a look.  He took it for a quick road test then put it up on the lift to give it a once-over.  He showed me a bent wheel and had me feel how the tires had become slightly cupped.  Neither of these items are things they could repair and he didn't try to sell me any repairs I didn't need.  He wrote up his diagnosis and recommendations and didn't charge me a dime.  They were very busy with lots of  techs working on lots of Mercedes, but Iram got me right in and out again in no time.  I will definitely return when I need any service I can't handle myself.
5	Highly Recommend!I'm Impressed with Alex and the staff who is genuine and courteous.I contacted G&G Autohaus and spoke to Alex. Alex got me in and checked my C230, he told me the reason of the leak and vibration of my MB, gave me a quote, which was reasonable. Alex and Jesus answered all my questions. It's a busy shop and Jesus took the time to explain in detail then showed me what needed to be done. Alex and his staff has Integrity and I completely trust them.
5	I brought my S65 to Fletcher Jones SIX TIMES for the same problem.  Every time, they came up with some cockamamie story, but could never fix the suspension system.  I brought my car to G&G, and figured it would take them two or three tries, but was ready to be that patient.  Dropped the car off at about 3:00 PM.  By 11 AM the next day, they had the car ready.  To their credit, they told me that they wanted to keep it for a few days, put a bunch of miles on it, to make sure they got it right.  I told them "let me take it, and if it needs to come back because I took it early, I won't be angry."  Well, a couple days passed, then a couple more, and the problem is still cured.  You know what it cost me?  $280.  As far as I am concerned, that is a super bargain.  I have a lot of respect for this place, and it has a great reputation among the Mercedes owners in town.  Before you get ripped off by the dealers in town (both owned by the same company, both crappy) bring your car here.  I do not think you will be disappointed.
5	Let me preface this by saying I don't do many reviews if any but after my experience at G&G I felt I needed to. I have been looking for a good repair shop for my car for some time now and have finally found it. My Mercedes had an issue with the driver's door lock and handle. I was dreading going to the dealer (Fletcher Jones) as I was quoted at over $800 for the repair. I took it to G&G and despite the long line of Mercedes being repaired, they got my car right in.  My vehicle was finished a few hours later at half the cost of what the dealer would have charged. Everything works perfect now. The staff was extremely friendly and very knowledgable. I didn't feel overwhelmed and felt very welcome at the shop. My wife was a little worried as we had had the car detailed the day before and frequently shops are very dirty with repairs. Her worry was for not as the car returned as clean as it was left. I will definitely be back. Well hopefully I won't need to be. I will recommend them to friends.
5	I love them there all soo honest there the best no words to describe the whole team ! I have a e350 they treat my baby good !
5	This is one or the only one in Las Vegas Mercedes Benz shop that are Honest to Goodness.  I took my Mercedes ML500 with engine check on.  They found out that there there is a loose cable that they replaced back.  Did not charge me anything for this service.  I highly recommend them to my friends and all of the MB owners!  I took my car before for an oil change and a gasket change and their charges are reasonable and lower than their competitors.
5	G & G was suggested to me by my aunt who also has a Mercedes Benz and I decided to go there to get my check engine checked out. I made an appointment for the next week.It was a little difficult to find. You'll see a Taco Bell on the right side, a side street which you should take, and a Jiffy Lube. G & G is behind the Jiffy Lube.The service from the people working here was amazing. They're friendly and warm. They kept both myself and other customers up to date on what was going on with our cars and Mark helped me with what I wanted, which was getting my car ready to pass a smog test since I needed to get it registered for this state.It took about two hours which was fine because I had a book to read and someone turned on a heater so I could keep warm. The price for everything was cheap and the owner explained to me what they did with my car.G & G is definitely going to be my new auto repair shop. They're cheap, especially since they work only on Mercedes Benz cars, friendly, and honest.
