4	My first review of a 'building supply' category business - woohoo!We went to Arizona Tile over the weekend to select the granite we're going to use in the kitchen and bathroom of our condo.  My boyfriend was given the name of this place from our contractor... I guess it's the kind of place that is open to the public but they don't have prices for the public - only for contractors who then quote you their price.  Kind of weird, as I'd never been to a place like that before, but I digress...We walked in pretty clueless and walked out with a list of granite names that we liked.  The staff was extremely helpful, especially Mike who educated us on the lay of the land (or warehouse in this case).  I think we're going with Venetian Gold in the kitchen and Rouge du Roi in the bathrooms (if we can afford those choices).  They seemed to have a huge selection and they actually make a fresh copy / map of where everything is located either daily or weekly.  We looked around their tile section as well and they have some beautiful tile!  I recommend checking out Arizona Tile if you are decorating or even thinking about it.
5	I would like to personally thank Renee Pomatto (Showroom Assistant Manager) in the Scottsdale location for helping me on 04/6/2013. I was so overwelmed with the selection of tiles available and she narrowed down what I exactly wanted w/in 10 minutes. I recommend going to see her and experience her knowledge, expertise, and use her suggestions for decorating a bathroom, kitchen, etc. Thank you Renee!!!Happy Customer,=TJR
2	I am a little disappointed in AZ tile right now.  They were helpful in selecting the tile.  I placed more order and have gone back twice to pick it up.  First attempt was Friday, but they were closed for the holiday, understandable...I guess no Black Friday deals.  The second was on Saturday they state their hours are until 3pm.  I showed up at 1:30pm and their order desk closes at 1pm.  According to the girl at the front desk it is all locked up and nobody can open it so I can get my order.  No where was I notified that their order desk closed at a different time than their showroom.
5	More tile and stone than you can possibly need and great service. They let us return over-ordered quantities too. Recommended.
