1	No.  If I could give zero stars, I would.Camp counselors cant, or won't, stop kids from picking on each other.And Lice.  Enough said.
5	I have had nothing but wonderful experiences with Mirabelli.  The staff is always more than willing to go the extra mile and the classes and services  that they offer are well worth it.  My kids love going there.
3	I like things compact and simple. Mirabelli gets straight to the point with all of their amenities and programs here! I've been coming to this community center for a few years playing for the co-ed volleyball league. The staff has always been friendly and hospitable. We show up early and the nets are already up! Best time to get the warm-up in.  I'll say up front for those who are looking to use these facilities, I'm only reviewing the parts of the community center that I use and not other amenities that they offer. I see that they offer gymnastics, open rooms for different classes like bible studies, martial arts, and even a kitchen for cooking. I've walked by their little game room that includes a mini pool table, a few arcade games, and some lounge chair to hang out in.Mirabelli has a weight room that I use to warm-up before the games. They have a bunch of free weights and machines to do some lifting with.  They have a benches to press on, bars to pull up on, and treadmills and ellipticals to run on. There's also a digital scale to weigh yourself if you're interested in how much you weigh (who isn't nowadays?). The family restroom contains a shower. I've never entered this bathroom and had to deal with excess grime or dirt so I'm thankful for that!The gym floor for the volleyball games are usually clean. From time to time, they tend to be a little dirty, but it's rarity. The nets are of high quality and the referees have always been of high caliber. This particular league plays on Wednesdays at different time slots and the people that come and play are always fun! A little bit of competition and friendly trash talk here there never killed anyone. This specific league has players that have a wide range in age and skill.I plan to keep playing in the league for a warm-up for our yearly volleyball tournament at church. It's a great way to stay in shape and network with some new friends to hang out with! I've made a bunch of new friends and have kept in contact. It's amazing what sports and competition can foster when you have great sportsmanship like most of the players here! Cheers to Mirabelli for the league and the great group of people who play here every Wednesday night! Dig This Volleyball Club, baby!
4	I haven't used everything this place has to offer but the facilities are nice. I bring my daughter to a ballet class offered here and she LOVES it! The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly. If your child is taking a class I recommend getting there early as seating is very limited.
5	This place has dance classes: ballet, tap for beginning kids, ballet for intermediate, ballet for adults and ballet for advance. Rhythm & movement, jazz and hip hop, gymnastics classes: totnastics, pre-gym, beginning gymnastics, intermediate, trapoline and cheer (Maniakz), martial arts, judo, taekwondo and they also have sports plus summer camps for ur kids. This is the best place in town and the prices are so good.
