4	I checked into my hotel at a bit past midnight and I was looking for  a place to grab a quick bite before heading out.  Picked up a nice tasty slice of pepperoni pizza for $2.50 and I was on my way.  I'm sure I'll be back before I leave town.
1	Please order the pizza and cheesy bread, PLEASE DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE. I am a frequent customer of Giovanni's for their good pizza, cheesy bread, and also subs. I chose to eat in and try their Italian food (full menu) twice recently. There were clearly different chefs. The first time was pretty average- seafood pasta. Fresh seafood and homemade sauce. I returned tonight to discover that tonight's chef "the parsley assassin" has reinterpreted the menu. To start our salads had a weird red powder all over it (old bay seasoning?).The bread and dipping oil was ruined by an extra heavy dose of parsley flakes.Side of pasta? Covered in parsley....Side of mixed veggies? Covered in parsley....My meal was destroyed by the same solid parsley layer too thick to avoid. Her meal, Chicken Frenchese - was completely wrong - this supposed to be a meal of lightly breaded chicken in a white wine sauce, with mixed veggies (per their menu, my experience, and a google search).What they served was a breaded chicken breast smothered in spinach, olives, red peppers and the much maligned parsley- in an ocean of red colored olive juice (might have been vodka sauce). It was unpleasant at best. We asked the waitress twice if it was the correct dish and she pointed to the menu and explained to me that olives, spinach and peppers are vegetables.........Dessert was fair, server unable to explain what "cheese twists" are, they turned out to be pizza dough filled with cream cheese.I left two nearly full meals on the table. No need for take-out containers tonight. Based on these experiences, I will not return. Please order the pizza, cheesy bread and subs BUT I WARN YOU - if you try anything else you may not return as well......
4	Delicious pizza! But only when it was fresh. As a self proclaimed cold pizza expert, I feel there is not enough sauce for these cuts to satisfy a pizza craving the next day. The specials they offered on their website were excellent and I will consider them highly again the next time I need pizza in that area, and their gluten free pies are intriguing enough that I must test one soon.
4	I am gluten free, I just discovered this place after living in Mt. Lebo for 6 months. They have a great gluten free menu, unlike other restuarants who say they are "gluten free" they actually have things besides, salads, steaks and veggies. They offer pizza and pasta! I did not give this a 5 for the fact that the restuarant itself could use a make-over. To me it is considered a hole-in the-wall type place which most people fo not prefer. I brought co-workers here on 2 seperate occasions and they enjoyed it, but again some people may not want to try it out due to the fact that it looks like nothing from the outside. Big portions, tastey good and GLUTEN FREE options that far exceed most chain restuarants (which I despise).
5	My favorite spot in the city for both pasta and pizza.  Their sauces have great variation, and are crafted in shop daily.  The pizza has a distinct crust texture that other shops don't offer, it's a combination of flaky and mid level crust, which often don't combine, it's usually one or the other.Service is always quick, friendly and accurate.  Their lunch specials offer ample portions at prices cheaper than fast food restaurants for lunch, all the while offering superior home cooked quality!
5	Giovanni's is the sort of business that demands I stop what I'm doing and write a glowing - albeit limited - review. I'm ashamed at having waited this long to do so. My GF and I were in town for the New England debacle around Halloween and stayed at a nearby hotel. A quick Yelp check revealed that Giovanni's was THE place for pizza in the area. So we ordered. Then we ordered again. After that, we order some more.I can't rave enough about how large, delicious and filling their Texas Roadhouse Steak hoagies are. 15 minutes after calling in, my order arrived. I swear I heard carols of angels singing as I unwrapped the paper. Inside were steak, onion rings, provolone cheese, fried onions, peppers and mushrooms lathered in a spicy Santa Fe sauce. The memory stimulates my salivary glands as I type.Need I go on?But don't stop reading now. Because the pizzas are also large and tasty: Freshly baked bread, excellent sauces and a wonderful assortment of meat toppings. Corporate pizzeria conglomerates: Are you taking notes?Because if the owners ever think to expand, Giovanni's will...well, eat your lunch.
3	This place gets crowded on weekends.  Had a coupon for pizza, wings and cheese bread.  The pizza is good with a crust that is not thin but not to thick and the sauce is simple, not to spicy and maybe a little on the sweet side.  The topping were fresh and good!  Liked the wings, crisp and tasty with just the right amount of heat.The cheese bread, Yum, gooey cheese inside bread with cheese and garlic.
5	only had their pizza....fantasic!!!!!
4	Listen, people in the Dormont area. Don't even bother going to any of the million pizza places in Dormont other than Giovanni's. You are simply wasting your time and money if you're sitting there eating pizza that isn't Giovanni's.They have the best deals I've ever heard of involving pizza, and you don't even need a pair of scissors to uncomfortably cut a coupon out, because by ordering online you save all that hassle.For $19.99 you receive a whole 16 inch pizza, a box of DELICIOUS cheesy bread, and a 16 inch hoagie of your choice. I AM NOT SHITTING YOU. This is real.And not to mention their pizza is amazing; it has a better taste than any other pizza in Dormont, BELIEVE IT!. Their hoagies are insane though, maybe a little too much, which is why I didn't give them 5 stars (I got the texas roadhouse chicken which had chicken, onion rings, provolone cheese and peppers and mushrooms.)So if you're trying to save yourself from having a brain aneurysm from looking at all the places to try pizza in Dormont, do yourself a favor and order Giovanni's.
2	This is about the Dormont location.I chose this place to throw my husband's 40th birthday today (a very important event to me) based on their location as well as on the promotional video on their website. I had never been there before-- was relying on advertising and video. I called a week ahead to reserve a table for 12. I called half a week ahead to remind them and to ask if we could bring in a birthday cake and they said sure.Go and take a look at the video on their website. In the video, there are tablecloths, flowers on tables, place settings, nice Tuscan-yellow-painted walls-- it looks like a decent family restaurant for an special occasion luncheon (without being the Ritz). This is NOT what we found when we arrived in person. It  is a take-out place at best. The kind of place you grab a slice and a soda and leave. NO tablecloths, 4 big coolers of take out sodas, dining room tables BARE and in a shambles and unbussed, walls painted bright orange, televisions (4) all over the ceiling, one TV showing risque music videos of people with semi-nude backsides gyrating in g-strings (and we had brought a child). No air-conditioning on. In the rear of the diningroom there were paint cans all over the tables and it looked like a small hardware store had exploded- stuff all over. Half of the REAL-looking dining room shown in their videos is now replaced with a hulking glass-fronted deli counter with finger prints all over the glass. And it was kind of dirty. Kitchen floor plainly dirty underfoot of workers, with dirt and food all over, dining room floor not mopped, in the bathroom they seem to clean the porcelain items but never the walls or floor-- the walls were streaked with dirt and the switchplate for the light switch was filthy. After inviting a bunch of family and friends to meet us there for a party (I do not normally invite large groups of people out for lunch-- this was a big, important deal for me, my husband only gets ONE 40th birthday in his life, you know?), I walked in, looked around and actually  was shocked to tears. So disappointed and embarrassed. And they had not made a note of my calling twice to reserve tables, had not prepared for us, nothing.They saw I was upset and cleared away most of the hardware stuff and tried to make up for the situation by having the waitstaff be extra nice to us, so they tried to ameliorate the situation-- too little too late. They also turned on the air-conditioning upon our request. The food was acceptable, but their sauce is super sugary sweet. They seem to be very popular for local catering-- their workers were loading car after car full of catering food in trays (possibly for some graduation parties) the whole time we were there.We made the best of the situation because my guests were already on their way to meet us there. But I was expecting the place in their online video on their website, as promised, and that's not at all what we got.
3	Good pizza- better than the average walkin pizza place.  But you might as well skip the pizza and order a big helping of the cheese bread- its delicious.  Order online for special pricing.
5	I've never had a bad experience in the 2 years i've been going here. The online deal-large cheese pizza, wings, and cheesy bread is DEFINITELY the best deal in town. I dont even waste my time with Vocelli (right across the street), or driving to Fiori's (my second favorite)...this is seriously the best take out in town. Even their gyros are delicious! Try it for yourself!
3	Best calzone in pgh. Pizza is so so. The owner is Turkish, not Italian but no matter.
4	We ordered delivery from Giovanni's and it was quite delicious.  It took about 45 minutes, which they let us know. Pros: We had pizza with sausage, meatball twist bread, and buffalo wings. The pizza and the meatball bread were amazing.  I really enjoyed the little bit sweet, little bit spicy pizza sauce.  Cons: The wings were over cooked and the buffalo sauce wasn't very spicy.  I wouldn't order them again from there.  /:
4	I've had their pizza in the past, and it's always been good, but this one has a "chocolate factory" next door (like what Mineo's in Squirrel Hill does) that makes really good candy.
5	Delicious pizza! Sweeter sauce, fantastic taste.  I always order from them!
5	Giovanni's on W. Liberty is the only place we order pizza delivery from.  During peak delivery times it can take a while before you get your order but it's totally worth the wait!  You can order online and they even have an app for your phone (although it never worked for me, but then again I am totally inept with smartphone technology).  We always get the large pizza (1 topping), cheesy bread and soda online special.  Get extra marinara because you will want to drink this stuff!  They really cheese up the pizza (and this is coming from a cheese lover), so last time I asked my husband if I should order it with light cheese and he looked at me like I had two heads.  Just be prepared, first timers, before you order extra cheese.  This is cheesy, greasy salty pizza goodness, folks, so if you're counting your weight watcher points, then this place is probably not the best option for you.
4	They have gluten free pizza that is pretty okay!  And gluten free chocolate covered pretzels!  Oh yeah!
1	I ordered online at 6:22. Pizza did not arrive until after 8.  It took way to long to get here. And when it arrived it was extremely cold. I wouldnt of even cared so much but when it came we couldnt eat it. i had to put everything in the oven for even longer. I am really unhappy with that. I used to have much better service, but everything is going downhill.  I was watching my two kids by myself, and we were all looking forward to an awesome night, movies and pizza, and it was ruined. It is really sad.  I dont want to stop ordering from them, but I dont know what else to do.  The kicker is when trying to submit feedback online, the page doesnt work, so you cant even email them. I think that speaks volumes. I then tried to call them to complain, and no one picked up.  I wish someone would reach out to me, because i cant reach out to them!
2	Overall I was unimpressed with this place. I've ordered delivery from here a few times. Delivery times were slow and the food was very greasy. If you're in a pinch, I'd say go for it, but there are other places out there. I definitely wouldn't go here to sit down and eat considering there are far superior sit-down italian places nearby.
3	I was in Pittsburgh with friends for the 2013 Pirates opener.  Whatever you do, do NOT order a Gyro from here.  My friend ordered a Gyro and I couldn't help but be flabbergasted.  There were about 4 strips of lamb meat. Four!  The pita was able to close! That should not happen! It was a travesty to behold!  Pretty sure it was a pre-packaged frozen Gyro from the store, certainly not carved from a rotating spit. Not sure if all of Pittsburgh serves Gyros this way but it was a huge disappointment. Waitress and service were fine..
2	I have read a lot about how slow their delivery is, and I don't understand how as I walked in to order to go and was out the door under 20 minutes - of course there are other logistical issues with delivery.The Food:We ordered a medium bacon and meatball and a grilled chicken salad.The Salad: The salad was extremely underwhelming, warm, wilted lettuce and so little grilled chicken.  I like a nice crisp, cold salad, and if I ask for chicken I expect more than 4 or 5 small chicken strips.The Pizza:  I really enjoyed the crust on this pizza, better than most I have had in Pittsburgh, but the sauce was awful.  The sauce was plentiful, which is a plus, but it was extremely sweet, almost like eating candy.  There is enough cheese on the pizza, IMO just the right amount.  The big junks of meatball were pretty good, not great, but good, and as for the bacon, where is it?  I didn't see nor taste bacon except for a bite or two.I will try Giovanni's again, but will stay away from the salad and may just go for traditional pepperoni as a topping next time.  I will also give their pasta a shot at some point!
4	Delivery was FAST during dinner-hours on a weeknight. I got one of their online ordering specials - a large pizza, one topping, cheesy bread, and a 2-liter.The first thing I noticed - the pepperoni was "miniature", as in, the diameter was maybe half of what I'm used to on a pizza. Is this a Pittsburgh thing? Maybe it is - I'm a recent Orlando transplant. Size didn't matter, in this case. The pizza was tasty, though I think it could have used a bit more sauce and cheese. -1 star for that, but it's probably largely personal preference.The cheesy bread is as tasty as it is messy. It's REALLY cheesy.Overall I'd definitely order from them again.
5	Great food and good service!
2	I've given Giovanni's about 7-10 chances over the course of 3 months, and I'm done.  The first time I got a specialty pizza from them it was amazing, and every time after that it's either been burnt or cold or covered in grease.I might be able to come to terms with the long wait and the barely adequate customer service (at least with delivery and pick up, I've never sat down and eaten in the restaurant, though I have exchanged pleasantries with one of the waitresses and she seems friendly) if the food were consistently good, but it's not.I've done call ahead pick-up, I've done order and wait for it pick up, and I've done delivery through their website.The last time I ordered and picked up, they gave me the wrong pizza and I didn't realize it til I got home (my fault to a point, I probably should've looked at it).  It had onions and mushrooms on it, which I don't like, so it wasn't like I could just eat it anyway.  I called them and the guy asked: "What you want me to do?  You want I deliver new pizza, you want credit, or you want pick up new pizza?"I feel I should note that I used to work as a server.  I realize mistakes happen.  Despite being hungry, tired, and frustrated, I made sure I was pleasant-- I did not insult anyone or raise my voice.Based on my previous experience with delivery with them and the facts that I didn't want to wait 45 minutes for a new pizza and I'd already put $2 in the tip jar at the counter and didn't want to tip a delivery driver on top of that, I drove back and got a new (correct) pizza, which was smothered in cheese (I originally had asked for them to go easy on the cheese).  The guy apologized 3-4  times, which I appreciate, and it seemed that I got a lot of extra toppings on the new (correctly made) pizza, but I found it extremely disappointing that a handful of apologies was my only compensation for being an understanding customer ("Hey man, it's cool, it's just a pizza, no one died," is something that I said.)  I feel I should've been offered a discount on my next order or offered a free dessert or breadsticks or something to compensate for the fact that I had to drive back to get my order correct.  Now, maybe I should've SAID that ("Hey, uh, can I get a discount on my next order or get a free dessert or something?"), but I don't feel that as a customer I should have to make suggestions.  I once witnessed a couple go in there and complain that they'd been waiting an hour for delivery.  They were handed their order free.  So I'm nice, drive back to pick up my order when they got it wrong, and I get compensated with a few extra pieces of chicken and some cheese that I didn't want on my new correct order?  I guess the squeaky wheel really does get the most grease.Unfortunately for them, this was their last chance with me.  As I mentioned, out of anywhere from 7-10 chances over the course of 3 months, they've disappointed me more often than they've dazzled me.  As soon as I opened that box and got the wrong pizza I turned to my husband and said: "That's it, we're never going to Giovanni's again."  With his mouth full of hoagie he asked:  "Aww, are you sure?  Because this hoagie's really good," and I replied: "Well, let me see if they can make it up to me," and they didn't.So if you wanna roll the dice, you might have some amazing pizza, but you also might have to wait half an hour for something cold or burnt.  Best of luck in gambling at Giovanni's.
1	Terrible! Ordered chicken piccata for delivery. It was slimy, soggy, and not fit to eat. The delivery guy was rude. Never ever again
1	Food was cold when it arrived.  Not worth the $
5	Delicious pizza, fast delivery.  I thought the pasta we preferred was a little oily, but my boyfriend thought it was perfect.  Definitely one of the best delivery pizza choices in the Mt. Lebanon area. We get it every time we want pizza.
5	Giovanni's has great Italian food in a laid-back, casual atmosphere.  The best part for us was their gluten free offerings and the staff's thoughtfulness in accommodating diners with gluten intolerance.  My wife has Coeliacs, and the availability of gluten free garlic bread, baked in a separate oven and complete with separate dipping oil to avoid cross contamination, along with the variety of gluten free pasta, combined to make our dining experience complete and free from the worry of gluten contamination!
5	This has quickly become one of my favorite pizza spots in the city. I've never eaten there, but lucky for me, this is on my boyfriend's way home from work so he can bring some delicious take-out home! We've had a few different kinds and it has always been delicious. Crispy crust and perfectly cooked dough. My favorite was a combo of spinach, grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, mozzarella and feta cheese. Not sure of their delivery radius within the city, but definitely check them out!
4	Great option for those on a gluten free diet.  Gluten free pizza was good, but I was most impressed when they brought regular garlic bread (for my wife) and gluten free garlic bread (for me).
1	We have ordered pizza from Giovanni's over the years but tonight was the last night. We have now been waiting for close to two hours for our pizza. In an effort to simply cancel the order, we've tried calling for about 15 minutes and it's clear the phone is off the hook as we have consistently received a busy signal.  I love their pizza sauce, but I am fed up with the lack of service. Buyer beware!
5	Excellent service and pizza. Highly recommend the jumbo provolone sticks. All the servers were very welcoming and eager to please. And to top it off a full case of chocolate treats for dessert made on location. Feel of an old time pizzeria and we loved it. Only problem was they could use more dine in seating.
1	Has this place changed hands? Workers can't speak English. Food quality has gone way down. Ordered the steak hoagie and took two bites and couldn't finish it. Is this Italian food or Eastern European food?Only gratification was hearing manager swear at confused workers in foreign language. I used to love this place. Now? Nobody has a clue.
5	Ordered a large cheese and large pepperoni pizza for $30, including delivery and tip.  Absolutely great pizza and delivered to Carnegie in the time they said. I've had their pizza twice so far and love it, the sauce has a delicious sweetness to it I can't place. Definitely highly recommend!
3	Food is average. I have ordered pasta and pizza. My husband and I did not like the pizza at all. The sauce is sweet and the cheese is watery and mushy. The pasta was ok. Nothing to write home about. Probably won't go here too often.
4	I ordered four pizzas for my daughters birthday party. One was gluten free.  All the pizzas were a big hit.  I would not hesitate to order from Giovanni's Pizza and Pasta again.
2	HALF-BAKED. We ordered a large pizza for delivery, the cost was exorbitant at $27. It arrived with the crust  nearly raw. It was practically inedible and we felt disappointed and ripped off.  We could have had a much better dinner at another restaurant for our $27. Maybe it's better if you eat in,  but I can't recommend their delivery service food.
3	I usually order from this place because delivery is usually fast and pizzas are generally ok. Last week I ordered a medium pizza and cheese sticks. The delivery came fast and the delivery girl was really nice. But I think they got a different cook because the pizza was not as good as before and we couldn't even eat the cheese sticks. Also the medium pizza seemed like a small and we thought that the price was unreasonable. Not sure if I'm calling them again ;(
