5	Walking in, you feel like you're transported into another world. Just like its neighbour, Sparrow, Cardinal succeeds in creating a delightful atmosphere with their new tea room. The chandelier is very charming, as are the swathes of old books littered throughout.I stumbled in with my friends on a cold day before Christmas, and nothing could have been better than the pot of tea we shared. I indulged and ordered one of their many appetizing desserts, a blueberry scone. It was perfect. I've never had one taste that good before.The selection was great without feeling overwhelming, but I was a little confused with how to order. We lingered for a bit wondering whether we wait for a server or order at the tastefully decorated bar until we were motioned to order before taking our seats. In hindsight, it makes sense since the tea could then brew while we got settled. When our order came, it was complete with proper English finery. One friend complained it was overly dainty with the floral china, but frankly, that's the point of an afternoon tea. Can't wait to go back.
5	Beautiful, amazing, unique.  I've never seen anything quite like this.  Servers are aloof, but sweet.  Everyone is gorgeous.
4	I was taking a Sunday wander and stumbled into this place, no expectations, just looking for a place to read and have a delightful afternoon beverage. I think this place was made with that experience in mind. It is so lovely!! Two stories, beautiful furniture, wooden detailing, the cutest staff, ready to serve you tea and scones with clotted cream and jam. I was delighted and so happy. People were there with their kids and their dates, their friends, and their mentors, and their laptops and their books. It is full of charm! Prices are great and service was too. I had a London Fog (so yum) and a blueberry scone and my afternoon was made! I will definitely be back.
5	Beautiful room with lovely tea and sweet and savoury baked goods by the amazing and amazingly hard working Kathy D. It's so wonderful to see this lovely upstairs space so full of warm light and people enjoying themselves. It's not a traditional fancy tea service, just cozy pots of fresh home brews, a delicious house chai and lots of super temping menu items that I'll be back for often. The room is full of wood, a chandelier, piano, small chairs around the balcony and comfy couches on the floor, an incredibly inviting space that I highly recommend!
5	So pretty! Honestly this place wins on novelty factor alone with the fancy teas and the fancy decor but also I ordered a cheddar and Branston pickle sandwich and it was very very good. Branston pickle, be warned, is not your standard green pickle. Its a brown sauce that is spread on the sandwich like mayonnaise and....well let's just say I will be back for another one of these sandwiches and just to bask in the warmth and loveliness of the room
4	Le Salon Cardinal is a beautiful and enchanting place. Put your cellphones on airplane mode, leave your laptops at home and climb the stairs to a time when things were simpler and more elegant. A world of wooden chairs and bookshelves with real books and a grand piano that promises (in the near future) a piano player to fill the room with acoustic music. The chandelier sparkles in the center of the room while you are whisked to your table. It gets very busy being open only 11-7pm three days a week but is well worth the wait.Some may find the prices for simple fare (scones, sandwiches, quiche etc.) on the expensive side (for average Montrealers at least) but considering all things are made from scratch daily (with real butter and mostly local produce) by local pastry chef and baker Kathy Dahler and considering you'll want to cozy up for at least an hour if not two, it is a very reasonable afternoon out. The tea menu, although small, is carefully selected by owner Murad Meshgini. I found the Rooibos to be exquisite and my lady friends enjoyed their peppermint and Earl Grey Lavender choices. We collectively enjoyed the lemon loaf (moist and delicious), blueberry scone (these scones could easily be for 2 people! but order extra butter...), and a few buttery cookies (elephant ear and shortbread). On another occasion a friend & I sampled the savory selections - herbed scone with lardons, puff pastry sausage rolls and the ploughman's plate. A few extra slices of the fresh bread would have rounded out the plate nicely.
5	So I'm note you're typical tea room kinda guy, but my wife took me to Salon Cardinal on the weekend and I really enjoyed it. The decor is not my cup of tea but is authentic tearoom with a somewhat contemporary feel, baby grand piano at the bottom of a steel stair case.The food is excellent. Everything is homemade and very tasty. We enjoyed two sandwiches, cucumber and cheddar cheese along with a scone and the lemon tart. I'm typically not a huge scone fan as I find them too dry. This scone was perfect, moist and sweet while still maintaining that texture that can only be that of a scone.   If you are looking for a relaxing place to spend a couple of hours relaxing with a news paper or a couple of friends this is certainly a great spot.
4	I'll start by saying I'm a massive tea drinker (at last count, I owned 60 different kinds). That fact by no means makes me an expert, but it's a decent marker of my enthusiasm for the stuff.This is a lovely space--airy and rather bright--which has been painstakingly furnished, supposedly via a lot of thrift hunting. The vibe is similar to Lawrence (during brunch, at least) with the mix-and-match granny teacups and one corner of comfy sofas contrasted against the tables and chairs elsewhere.The owners have chosen not to completely pack the space with seating, which combined with the opening on the upper deck and the statement chandelier, gives a leisurely feel to the whole operation, prompting you to take your time.This place is not like your classic English tea room, nor is it trying to be. The atmosphere is very laid back. When we walked in at 11am, the staff were cutting and arranging fresh flowers for the day, which is probably an apt visual metaphor for the pleasant, casual, but still well-presented nature of the establishment.Our group was made to feel very welcome by the staff, who were happy to make recommendations and pairings. We deferred to their authority and were very satisfied with their choices.The tea itself is fragrant without being overwhelming (at least the ones we had), decently priced, and served in lovely vessels. The real star of the show is the space itself though, which provides a nice middle ground between the hum of your typical Espresso bar and the extreme Zen of a place like Ming Tao Xuan or Camellia Sinensis. It's also a less intimidating experience for the more casual tea drinker.
4	Location: On the main, right next to Sparrow. Street parking available [metered] and the closest subway is probably Laurier or Mont-Royal. Alternatively, you can hop a bus from downtown - I think the 55 (or maybe it's the 51) that runs the length of St. Laurent. The place: Location on the 2nd floor of the building, Cardinal actually has two levels so be prepared to climb some stairs. I loved the space and the old-school decor - it's the perfect place to cozy up with a book while enjoying tea and scones. The goods: I defeated the purpose of visiting a 'tea' room by ordering the lemonade + the egg & cress sandwich. After walking around most of the day, I was feeling too warm for something hot SO I guess I'll just have to go back! The lemonade was very good and definitely tasted home-made. It was very tart with a hit of sweetness - just the way I like it. The egg & cress was served on a thick slab of bread and topped with arugula. I'm not super crazy about egg sandwiches but they were out of the avocado toast and this was my back-up. Quite surprisingly, the egg salad was delicious, as was the bread. For me, it was the perfect size because the bread itself was quite filling. Service: Good. We were seated immediately and the hostess let us pick our table. There was a bit of a mix-up when it came to the bills, but this was sorted out right away.Price point: About $10 for the lemonade and sandiwich.
5	I love this place. A friend nearby invited and it's cozy.  Decorative, relaxed, piano playing and great tea all in one.
5	Im in love with this place!! Its so cozy and warm and the pianist playing makes this place so lovely. I had a ginger lemon lemonade with the smoked trout, and my friend had tea and butter biscuits, its really fresh and tasty!! Will definitely go back again and again!!
