5	I came in to look to see why my bill looked ridiculous.. and the Kathryn (her name started with a "K") was as helpful as ever. I was tempted to just shut off the three line because I could never get anywhere with their customer service via phone or at one of other their stores because of the lack of them selling anything but customer service. But when all else failed.. this team highly suceeded. I had those stupid questions which they had answers too which is the best customer service ever. I would definitely come here to talk to K and Kevin..they are fantastic, very knowledgeable about techie and bill relations. They made me feel welcomed to ask anything I had question to.
2	Very helpful stuff, but you can't leave only two employees to work by themselves in a busy day...really, what is the management thinking? This is not a way to save money for the company....I had to watt for over 30 minutes just to have my phone insurance canceled, since you can't do it online anymore...at least two clients left while I was waiting, because of the long wait...
5	Dropped my Chinese Huawei phone today and it smashed into a million pieces. Didn't want to get an iPhone because everyone has one now, and it just makes me look too generic. So, I came to the conclusion that I was gonna get the Galaxy Note II, but ended up buying a Samsung Galaxy s3. Who knew that breaking my phone would be the best thing to happen to me today! My Yelp App looks really nice on this phone. I'm a big Apple fan, I love my Mac Book and iPods, but the Galaxy s3 is just light years ahead of the iPhone 5. I like this T-Mobile store the best out of any of them. The one at the Boulevard is great as well, but on some days you get those lazy workers who do nothing but watch videos and play video games on their phones. Here at the Meadow's T-Mobile you get non-stop service, and everyone is nice. I'm a big fan.
5	I just got an iPhone unlocked so I could use it with TMobile. They were extremely helpful with getting me the right SIM card and setting up the phone. A few days later it stopped working and I ended up having to get it exchanged. This was the third store I went to for help. The customer service was amazing. They did everything possible to try to make it work and even called the Apple store for me to see how I could go about exchanging it. They were a lifesaver! By far the most helpful TMobile store I've been to!
4	Real people that I trust to level with me about cost and quality. Phones are stupidly expensive and I don't have the income to throw away on something I'll  be replacing in two years anyway. I greatly appreciated the honest answers about each phone, it's abilities, and how the phones compared to each other. I felt like I was talking to someone who understood quality for a manageable price tag. I ended up with a great phone that I could afford and was not crazy expensive. The person that helped me also found ways to save me money on my plan without me asking. By the end of the transaction she was calling me by name, helped me save money, and gained a loyal customer to this store. My only complaint is that they are understaffed and the process took more time than necessary but that's not the employees fault and cudos to them for keeping an upbeat attitude inspite of grouchy in a hurry customers.
5	Always come here. For the best deals. Thank everyone who works here is so nice. Can't wait for my next trip in a year
1	Worst places ever they don't know how to help you at all never going there again they don't know how to explain things to you right I had to call customer service so they could off help me out worst manager ever and employee
