4	This is the only place that my Japanese BIL will go for Chinese, outside of his own kitchen. The food is quite amazing, but the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired (explaining the four stars).Their menu is HUGE and they don't just have your run of the mill Chinese. Although I've never been bold enough to try some of the more authentic dishes, I have seen some of the most amazing things come out of the kitchen! Whole fish flash fried and served up like filleted works of art, ducks with their heads on (ala A Christmas Story), vegetables that I don't know the names of, and platters of sizzling noodles topped with exotic sauces. Most dishes can be made to your liking if you are put off by spicy, but my preference is for the full flavored versions.The dining area is one large room and is sometimes a little on the warm side. Take out can solve this, but I think you actually get more when you eat in, so I generally stay and take home the leftovers. Service is typically fast and always friendly as it is a family run establishment that even the kids are involved in. Portions are family style and although you can easily get away with a meal under 10$ per person, 12$ to 15$ will guarantee you a veritable feast!I typically base my reviews of ethnic establishments on the percentage of patrons that share the same background and Big Wong's is a mainstay for the Asian community here in Phoenix. Next time you are in the area, stop in, order a poo poo platter (he he I said poo poo) and prepare for a feast of the sensations.
5	Big Wong just gave me a food-gasm!Being Wong virgins, Hubby and I decided to get the Family Style Dinner so we could try a wide variety of menu items. The waitress/owner warned us it was a lot of food, and she did not lie. We started with a bowl of delicious egg drop soup which was quite eggy and also chock full of sliced veggies. Next came the po-po platter with flavorful and perfectly cooked tempura shrimp, beef stick (cooked to medium, very tender and tasty), pork ribs so tasty my "I don't eat things with bones" Hubby sucked it clean, yummy veggie egg rolls, and the best crab rangoons I have had in a long time. Already getting full, the entrees came next and they were so good we had to have some of each. We ordered the stir-fried scallops which came with plenty of fresh and crunchy veggies in a light garlic sauce, and the house lo-mein which was full of shrimp and pork and chicken. The noodles were perfectly cooked and flavorful. It all came with a heaping side of fried rice which seemed to have as much pork pieces, egg, shrimp, and veggies as rice. It was a ridiculous amount of food and we have more than enough left over for dinner tomorrow. It really struck me that the meat was of a higher quality than at almost any other Chinese restaurant I have been to in the Valley, and they also know how to prepare and cook seafood properly- a Phoenix rarity. Having read online that they make their own ice cream, Hubby and I simply had to try it. They have two flavors: coconut with chopped peanuts on top and a bright green one that gets some flavor from coconut, but the rest of the flavor and its color from a Chinese leaf that the owner says they use a lot in making desserts. Both were absolutely delicious. A little more icy than the super-premium double-churned ice creams most of us are used to, but I thought it was really light and refreshing.But- the owner gave us some potentially bad news. They are having some lease renewal disagreements, and may close by the end of the year, and may or may not open at another location. Go, go, go to Big Wong and experience this culinary treasure before it's too late. Hours are 11:00-2:30 M-F and 5:00-10:00 every night for dinner.
4	Lunch was great.  We had a choice of egg drop or hot and spicy soups, an egg roll and many choices of beef, seafood, chicken, pork dishes yet not many vegetarian dishes if any.  The hot and spicy soup was both taste and spicy.  The Mongolian beef was ordered spicy and by adding a teaspoon of the crushed red peppers, it was perfect for my very spicy palate. The food was taste and the meal was reasonably priced. This is worth the drive.
4	I have confirmed the rumors that Big Wong will be closing before the end of the year. The owners have been locked in to a lease they assumed for the last 15 years and with the down-turning economy aren't able to continue.If you want a very reliable meal in a super friendly environment, rush on over before they close their doors forever.  : (
5	I've been going to Big Wong for at least a decade (even in the old location) and am very sad to hear that they are closing/closed.Gina and the rest of the staff have always treated me like family and I can't believe that it's going to be gone.In all that time, I have NEVER EVER had a bad dish. EVER. I've eaten practically the entire menu and visited so often when I lived closer that they would put in my appetizer order before I even got a table. Many of my friends were introduced to this place by me, and when visiting from as far away as Alaksa would ask me to go there when in town.If they do reopen somewhere else, I'll be 1st in line for some paper wrapped chicken!
3	Big Wong has closed. There is a sign on the door directing customers to Peter Wong Chinese Restaurant at 15th Ave. and Camelback. Peter Wong is owned by the same family and has a menu nearly identical to Big Wong's.http://www.yelp.com/biz/peter-wong-chinese-restaurant-phoenix
5	****Miss you Big Wong**** My beloved Big Wongs is closed, Gina has packed up all of her culinary delights and retired. While I am happy for my friend and I do consider her a friend, I am sad that this gem is closed. I have enjoyed the deliciousness of Big Wongs for over 10 years, every time I would begin my take out order Gina would say Kersin how are you, 20 minutes for dumplings. I miss my Gina! I sooooooo miss her Walnut shrimp w/ mayonnaise :( By far the best EVER! Her egg rolls were so fresh and not greasy, the veggies would crunch when you bite in. Moo Shu pork OMG Pan fried dumplings the sauce can not be beat Mongolian beef was sublime! If you never ate here you never ate great Cantonese! Peter Wongs is owned by Gina's sister. The recipes are the same with a few exceptions. The walnuts in the mayonnaise Shrimp are not the same and they are not as good.
