5	I LOVE Penny's sales2 pairs of shoes - Originally $60 and $65On sale for $29.99 and $39.99Hesitated about buying in front of a manger who knocked both pairs down to $12.99 and $21.99Reversible skillet - $15.99Sunglasses - $11.99Purse - $4.78
5	Before a couple months ago, I think it might have been 30 years since I stepped foot in a JCPenney.  I can remember, as a child, going with my Mother and Grandmother to the location, long since closed, in downtown Seattle.  I remember going up and down the elevator and every year having our picture taken with Santa.  Maybe I have grown into being a JCPenney shopper or the stores have changed but for whatever reason, after a long vacation from JCPenney, I find myself really liking the whole shopping experience.  They have brands that I know, really reasonable prices and the staff is genuinely friendly and helpful.  It has been awhile since I have been measured for a fitted dress shirt. I asked the first salesperson I saw if it was possible to be measured.  She introduced herself, said her name was Elizabeth and much to my surprise had a tape measure in her pocket.  Elizabeth was knowledgeable, super friendly and it seemed like she genuinely wanted to help me.  I thanked her and she wanted me to know that her and her CEO wanted JCPenney to be my favorite store to shop.  Elizabeth was not the only one who was friendly, but whenever passing any employee, they made it a point to smile, say hello and ask what they could do to help.  I know that recently, JCPenney have made some decisions that have not been very popular, but whoever made the decision to bring customer service back, needs to be commended.
4	Review for Optical dept at JCPenneys:I find prices to be lower at JC Penneys optical than at Eye Masters and Lenscrafters.JC Penneys optical had a sale price of 98 dollars for single lenses glasses including frames. At Christown the selection of frames was small but I settled on a pair. The clerk was friendly and talkative--but 2 weeks later when I returned for pickup she was the opposite. Having a bad day...Had to return to the optical dept. for a problem with my frames. Instead visited JCPenneys-Arrowhead where they had a huge selection of frames. 3 or 4 times as many as Christown. JCP-Arrowhead had several clerks and one fixed my frames right away. Frames were so stiff that I had to practically pry them open. Never had that problem before... I'll buy my next glasses at JCP-Arrowhead based on the big selection and the customer service.
4	It has been quite awhile since I have been in to a J C Penneys store.So al lthe more reason to check it out once again.This location has been here for as long as I can remember.Penneys started way back in 1902 so they have a long history of sales. You can't be around that long and not know what you are doing right.They have remodled the store and it looks pretty good. Good products for sale and great staff make it a winner.The thing I do not like,The crazy parking lot! It is always nuts around here.Just don't try to park near the door. Park far away and walk up.Though then you run the risk of everyone trying to hit you up for cash or something.Good store though and right next to Costco.
4	I have had a J.C. Penny credit card for at least 15 years and have always loved their sales and their coupons.Recently they changed all that, now they just have new "low" prices! I personally don't think they are "Low!'  They were lower before with all the sales and then the coupons. I got rid of my J.C.Penny credit card because of the new "High" prices...That way I won't be more timpted to go there to buy things.Recently we had our Christmas Pictures there. The lady who took them was Awesome!! She was real good and patient with the kids even though I was loosing my patients! She was super sweet and took a long time getting them in some great poses.But After she handed me off to a "New Christmas Employee," talk about Dumb!!! This girl knew nothing abpout pictures and how to order them! The first lady that was so sweet was now taking pictures of an infant and could over hear us, so she came over there a few times to help us. Needless to say, I ended up with the wrong size and wrong quality of pictures a week later. I was devistated! The Sweet lady was once again "very sweet" and told me they already fired that girl. GREAT MOVE JC PENNY!!!!This sweet lady (sorry I forgot her name) ordered me evey thing I had origionally ordered and ordered me a 16X20 frame for my 16X20 at NO CHARGE!!!  Then I came back a week later and ordered $50.00 worth of more photo's. We absolutely Love the pictures...  We already scheduled the kids to have Valentine's Pictures there with the Angel wings, harp and halo. Can't wait to see those...So the Only downfall about JC Penny is their prices went up!
1	This review is for the optical department:I'm not sure what was worse...the arrogance of the optician or the ignorance.1)  When I asked to put my regular prescription into a pair of glasses I'd found with plastic lenses, she said it couldn't be done.  I handed her the glasses on my face and said "Walmart can do it." She tapped the lens and said "They seem like they're plastic."  (Yes, I know they are because I bought them...duh. Did she think I was lying???)2) I explained my prescription for my second pair of glasses, but she said "I've been in the field for 15 years and I've never heard of a prescription like that." (Yeah, probably because you haven't ever worked for any good doctors!)  Even after I explained the reason for it and how it worked, she was looking at me like I had four heads and said "I would have to see the prescription to verify that."  (Really? Because eyeglasses prescriptions are something people lie about?? And wouldn't you see the prescription anyway when you make the glasses?  Ugh.)2) On top of it, when I told her that I usually have my second prescription put in a pair of reader frames, she said they couldn't do that. I told her that I've never heard of an optical shop that can't do it and in the five lenses I've put into my reading frames, not one optical shop has refused me...I told her that I'd just come from Target and they could do it. She called her supervisor to verify that they couldn't do it and the supervisor said "No, of course we don't do that." When she told her that Target will do it, the supervisor said, "I guess they're really desperate."  Wow...maybe they are just more competent at making glasses over at Target or at any of the other places I've gotten my reading frame lenses replaced.
2	After being a loyal JC Penney customer for 10 years or so, I finally gave up on them, and cancelled my credit card with them. Why? Well, here's the bottom line. I used to get sales flyers and special deals in the mail every month, and they'd be incredible deals. When I stopped receiving them, it was apparent that they had changed their marketing strategy, and were trying to become more of a "Macy's type" store. But, the difference between Macy's and Penney was that the merchandise in JC Penney was crappy, almost on the level of Walmart, and they were now charging Macy's prices!Gone were the deals. Gone was the variety of inventory. And the final straw... Went to get a coffee maker there and they only carry their Cooks brand of small appliances, and it crapped out on me after about 3 weeks. That did it for me.I have no complaint with the staff, cleanliness of the store, etc. In fact, it was a great location and nice place to shop. It simply became a shadow of its former self as far as inventory and prices.I read an article just this morning about how they are going to be going back to being more of a discount merchandising retail store, and this is a move in the right direction. Let's give it 3-5 months, and I'll see.
3	So, I'm starting a new job next week and wanted to grab a few new things so I can look nice at my new job.  I figured I'd stop in here since it's close to my home and I was in the area doing other shopping this morning anyways.I'm the first to say that I've been a fan of JC Penny's for quite some time. I've gotten some pretty good clothes and bedding from them over the years, and I find that I can usually find what I need. When I was a kid I remember my grandma would come here a lot because she loved their towels and bedding, and as an adult I loved their clothes for work and such.Today was no exception. I've noticed over the past year or so that they've changed some, and tried to lower their prices and done some different marketing.  It's still the same JC Penny's that I'm used to, but I didn't seem to find as much as I had hoped here today as I had wanted to.Maybe it's just me, but I found some of the stuff a bit pricey, but most was reasonably priced.  I didn't score any pants like I had hoped, and that kind of bummed me out.  I did get two nice tops though for a grand total of $20.  I still love them, and this store has everything a Penny's should have, but I did take away a star just because I wasn't happy with the pant selection.Overall I still love shopping here, and the staff was really friendly and helpful.  I got lots of assistance finding what I needed, and love the store even though they seem to be in transition of some sort. Rock on Penny's!!
3	3.5 StarsA little background about me, I do not enjoy shopping.  You're thinking why is this clown writing a review for a department store!  Well I am a husband and a father.  I always walk into the stores where my ladies go into to get a first impression on.  Even though my first thought is where's the old man's chair to write my Yelp review this store is clean.  Well as clean as you can expect with this store's clientele.  The employees do a good job to keep it organized and provide you good customer service.  My ladies always seem to find something so the goods sold here must be of good quality and price.  This is not a five star store and only knock it half a star for the people who shop here are rude and not acclimated to the ways of shopping in the US.  Again this store shines through the crummy customers.
5	JCPenney has really stepped up there game the past few years. More trendy options for all ages. They offer designer brands and more quality for half the price. You won't find the big named designers but what you will find is nice pieces. Items that are a bargain and super sales that help stretch the dollar.The shoe selection has really improved. For ladies we can find some cute heels and hip boots to wear during the winter.The jewelry selection is still nice. Options from the low end to the high. You can find traditional daily jewels to the nice forget me not pieces. JCPenney in this location has men's, woman's, children's, sportswear, shoes, lingerie, jewelry, toys, housewares and portrait studio. It is located at the Spectrum Mall in Phoenix.
4	I would really like to give this store a 3.5 as it's slightly better than your average department store but not quite a four star caliber place either.  Conveniently located on the northern end of the shopping mall it has it's own direct to store entrance, which is nice so that I don't have to go into the mall to shop. The store lay out is nice but sometime the space between the racks of clothes is too narrow. I really enjoy that there is no perfume/cosmetics counters. Instead they offer Sephora which samples it's perfumes in a much more friendly way so you are not accosted when first walking in. The staff is friendly but sometimes not enthusiastic to help you.  The prices are decent and the clothes are of good quality.
1	I got my haircut here and its so uneven.  A mess.  What's weird is that when I showed up for the appt it was cancelled.  The girl told at the cash register said she was the one who had scheduled the appt and thought I had cancelled it.  What's so frustrating is that the other haircutters must have known I would get a bad haircut and didn't say anything.  me that the person said did I cancel.  So then I had to make another appt.  Which I never should have done.  So now tomorrow I'm going to the store manager to show him or her my bad haircut and ask how they plan to remedy this.
4	My mom took me here to buy me some "modern" clothes because I mostly wear vintage. I found some great pieces in the Juniors dept like stuff from Nanette Lepore and Olsenboye brand had clothes that are surprisingly cute.Prices are pretty good. The selection of clothing isn't huge, but that's ok. I found more quality pieces, which is the best anyway.
2	Dear reviewers reading,I normally go to the Arrowhead JC Penny, its nicer and bigger. I read he reviews on here saying that this one is bigger, I could honestly say they didn't carry a large selection of dresses here at all. Also the ladies selection here is much smaller. I was disappointed and left.
4	I like having a Penney's back at Christown.  The new Sephora store within a store us awesome!  I like the clothing and home good selections.  It us also nice to be able to order online and pick it up there - convenient.   The staff seems really customer oriented even though they work with a diverse community they are affable with all.  Thw store us clean and organized.
