3	Good ol' country style breakfast at an affordable price.  The servers are sweet older ladies with really sweet tea (which is the best).  I went with my sister and my brother-in-law and it I can attest that it is a perfect place for families.  I can't say that it is the best breakfast I have ever tasted, it's basically staple stuff, but the service and the prices make up for it.  I will go during the week the next time around, only because I want to avoid the huge church crowd.
4	Wonderful, regular old diner food. The coffee is always hot, and the breakfast is beautifully greasy. It's cheap and wonderful, and the servers are the usual sweet, kind of country diner servers you'd expect for a place like this.I went there one night after an all-night insane tattoo session, and it was great. I had cheesy hash browns and hot chocolate at 4:30 in the morning. It is a happy memory.I haven't been to San Remo in a while, but it's on my mind because I have a date coming up there tomorrow night. I'm stoked. I'm going to go fantasize about deep fried starches now.
3	San Remo is sandwiched right next to the Landmark (literally, they are probably separated by a few inches).  While they are about the same to get into, San Remo is a whole lot easier to park at and get out of because of a much larger lot (Landmark shares a tiny lot with several other stores).  The menu at San Remo is also a lot smaller than that at the Landmark, but the quality of the food is pretty similar.When you look at the menu at San Remo, you're going to get a couple of pages.  The place is your typical restaurant, really, and there is nothing special about it.  The staff is generally nice, but it completely depends on who you get and what their day was like, so on that front it's no different than anywhere else you go.I'll also agree with others who have posted in that it's completely about the starch.  Hash browns, biscuits, grits, gravy, you name it and you can get it (I've actually never been for anything but breakfast).  You can probably get most of those deep-fried.  It's a bit like Mel's Diner meets the Twilight Zone.  No matter what time you go, it seems dark.The food itself is good, though you can feel it clogging your arteries as it goes down.
3	Now closed, before I could even try it.A sign on the door reads:"Thank you for 35 years of patronage. You will be missed.":*(
