5	From the window displays, I thought I was walking into a bakery.Slices of pie, chunks of fudge, donuts, and cookies all filled the front display cases. It was after actually walking into the store that I realized I was actually looking at handmade soaps. While my interest faded, my wifes peaked and we spent the next 15 minutes sampling products.In the grand scheme of things, being located in the Venetian's Grand Canal Shoppes, I expected the prices to be much higher. While some people would hesitate at $9 for a bar of soap, the crafting with unique presentation and ingredients made it justifiable. Definitely a cool place, and good for girly gifts to bring back from vacation. 5 stars!
5	Super cute store with soaps I've never seen before! Couldn't leave without unique soap creations that looked & smelled like peach tarts, strawberry shortcake & banana cream pie slices...they look so realistic! Bought some home as gifts and people loved them!
4	This place is super cute and opens really late in case you feel like walking around and shopping. It's located near Tao in the Venetian. The items look delicious; they smell even better. The scents are strong so be ready for that. I got some colorful donuts and although the sales associate gave them to me in a pastry bag, she wrapped them because I mentioned it was a present. This place is a bit pricey so not for everyday soap use. But if you're feeling fancy, be my guest!
5	Love it here!  I honestly thought it was a cute bakery when I walked pass it but it turned out to be a soap shop.  Don't matter to me.  At first, I was only there to look but the longer I smelled and looked at everything, I wanted it all.  Shea was excellent and attentive.  She asked me what I liked and don't liked and she got it on the spot. Very pricey.  Most of the dessert merchandise is made to look at, not really for usage in my opinion.  It would kill me if I use it.  They are just so beautiful.  I bought a "fruit tart" and a "peach tart".  They are both beautiful and the scent is divine.  Great to give as a gift which is what I did.  After I bought my items, I got some free samples as well as a beautiful wrapping for the soaps.
5	I came here and spent my life away in this beautiful store. The store smells like heaven on a sunny day. I bought all my souvenirs for my friends and family here. They have the most amazing creative soaps, shaped like cookies, doughnuts, cakes, pies, cupcakes, brownies everything. They have this bath balls that are similar to a huge sphere of alka-seltzer, they dissolve in the tub and leave your skin so smooth, I got to test the bath ball on my hands, so I definitely know they work. You can even place orders on-line.
5	Passed by on my visit to Vegas. Almost just walked by but everything was sooooo yummy looking I had to look twice, and my love for bath bombs lured me into the store haha! As I walked around and wanted to by everything, I decided to ask the worker if she had anything for a facial acne wash. The worker was extremely nice and friendly and introduced to me Rhasoull Clay, saying it helped her with her acne. Me having tried brands specifically for acne like Proactive, Neutrogena, etc to no avail decided to give her referral of Rhasoul Clay a try. Thinking the store was just for pretty and body soaps, not specialized in acne, I tried the wash daily not getting my hopes up. I wasn't that extatic about the herbal smell, haha but I was just being picky. This product was amazing! The rhasoul clay soap bar not only stop my blemishes but also closed my long term self concious big pores! I thank the lord no facial wash could or had done this for me. I wish they shipped their soaps online, I would by often and I wish they made more acne, pore clensing or other facial centered soaps like anti aging. This store was amazing, and cute nonetheless! The worker was nice and the products were beyond expectations! DEFINITELY STOP BY!!
