2	I normally enjoy a smoothie from Smoothie King now and again to make up for the lack of Jamba Juices in the area.  I have been here twice now in the mornings before I go to work and both times I have gone the doors have been locked! Yes, I went during posted "open" hours .... This particular Smoothie King seems to be mismanaged, their employees can't even show up on time to open the doors. This past occasion I went (today) they were supposed to open at 7am ... got there at 815, doors locked, lights off, no one home.   What poor customer service ...
4	Smoothie King is awesome. I love the Pineapple Surf, and get it quite often. I have cut down a bit because these are LOADED with sugar. Loaded. We're talking over 100 grams in some cases. This location is fine, in a good area, and the staff is okay. There was one occasion where a friend and I both got sick after drinking our smoothies, so I knock off a star there.
5	I am a regular here so I know the staff. They are super friendly and efficient. I love this location and its convenience
5	This location stocks the Sun warrior raw vegan chocolate protein!  This protein is tough to get a hold of locally.  A friend recently recommended it to me and I haven't gone back.I got my standard island impact (delish) and wifey got the Apple, kiwi, kale veggie blend. I'm not usually a fan of the green smoothie but honestly,I dug it!The site is clean, staff attentive, and it's centrally located. You can't go wrong
4	Get any smoothie here and you will not go wrong.  Get an extra shot and make sure to go large or go home!!  I am serious about the size and make sure that you have time to drink it all because you will miss out if you do not.  I love the Mango or anything Berry smoothies and you will too.  I always get an extra shot and it makes for a good drink.  I had the grandkiddoes and they had a rough time choosing from the extensive menu. I finally chose three different flavors for them and they each loved their drinks.  Children love all drinks mixed and frozen.  The staff was very patient with us and we had a blast with them organizing the flavors.  Always a great smoothie and love mixed in!
