4	Only car repair place that has ever told me I did not need to have something done that I thought the car needed.  They could have easily done it and charged me for it but they did not.  Honesty goes a long way for me with car repairs!  Great prices, very good service and friendly people.  Also like the email reminders!
5	On the short: I've been coming here over 10 years. Honest!! Best service & prices around. Period!!!! Car troubles are never fun but when it happens....at least I know Im not getting scr**wd!
5	I've been bringing my vehicles to Johnston's for a good 17-18 years.  This is my third vehicle in that time period and I don't trust anyone to work on it but them. Locally owned and operated, Dwight, Rod and now Mike are good honest guys who will not charge you for nor suggest any unnecessary repairs. The shop is at 24th St. and Osborn and I live in Chandler but I make the trek because I trust them.  They will even provide me a one way ride to my office in Scottsdale if need be. I highly recommend these guys.
5	I tend to keep my cars a long time, well past the 100,000 mile mark. Usually car repair facilities hand me page upon pages of "essential repairs and maintenance repairs." I was pleasantly shocked when I was told not once but several times, "No, you don't need that. No, that's fine too." I have found a new friend in the car repair business!
5	WOW!  That's all I keep saying since Johnston's fixed my car.  I was told by two other repair shops that I would be facing thousands of dollars to repair the problem and possibly even need a new motor!  A friend of mine referred me to Johnston's and it has truly been a blessing.  I'm taking my husband's car in next to get the once over for summer trips.  We tend to keep our cars for quite some time and I feel like I have found a home to bring them too when needed that I trust emphatically.  I can't thank Johnston's Automotive enough!!!!
5	I would recommend to anyone!  These guys are great.  Went there based on all their positive reviews...no gimmics, no trying to tell you that you have more wrong with your car than you do.  Honest, transparent and perfect service from everyone.
