3	Slow-crafted, just right. I had the egg sammie and it features a nice consistency and size. I would only say it was a tad slow getting the sandwich considering the short-line.
2	Most of their food I've tried has always been VERY good, except the fries (I would imagine that would apply to anything else that they deep fry, but I cannot attest to that).  The grease in the truck is so dirty that the fries come out so dark they look like sweet potato fries.  The dirty grease is absorbing into the fries and making them soft and rubbery instead of juicy and crisp.  This alone would've only gotten them 3 stars instead of 2, if only they hadn't lied and said their fries were so dark because of the type of potatoes they use.  Just clean the grease already...  Yuck!
5	I have only ever tried their ice cream. It was so rich so I couldn't eat more than one scoop.I asked what they suggest I order and the guy said "Banana Cream Pie ice cream is really good. It has chunks of chicken. What, no, not chicken, pie." I laughed forever and ordered the Banana Cream Pie flavor. It was delicious.
2	Overrated.  Got the breakfast Sammie,   with the "gourmet" bun, turned out to be a regular burger bun.  Egg wasn't seasoned, there was nothing unique about the food.  Plus 7.00 for the Sammie - horrible.
4	We have tried the food from SuperFarm at several events...the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and the Gilbert Food Court.  Last night we were in Gilbert and tried their Green Chili burger.  Wow...my favorite taste of the night!  The burger itself has such a savory succulent juiciness...and the green chili added a nice amount of heat.  Also have had their breakfast burrito which was yummy.  I like the service they provide also...letting you know about the ingredients they use, their farm you can visit, and bringing out the dish to you if you have to wait.
5	Awesome burgers!!  The burger I had was so juicy and flavorful it was amazing.  I loved that they are from a local farm.  Their ice cream is also a must.  If you see them its worth the stop, or worth the trip to downtown gilbert for the food truck nights they have there.
1	Unfortunate experience: ordered a burger with fries, took 15 minutes for burger but i never got my fries. 3 people were in line and i was 2nd in line. Cook made attemtpt to make me take the burger without the fries even though I paid for the whole meal. No refund offered and no apology. Kid who took my money literally looked the other way when i grabbed my burger without fries. Annoying because I watched him just stand there while the one cook struggled with orders. Taste was mediocre, burger was tough and flavorless. $7 down the drain.
1	Well, here's the deal. It's hard to say which is the most driving factor in this review, the lackluster service, overly spicy, yet underflavored food, ridiculously tiny portions, disproportionately high pricing, or the monumentally long wait for the plate when we were the only ones in line. At least, when the tacos came out, the food was cold enough to mask the mediocrity.
