5	This beyond savvy & contemporary salon located on prime real estate right next to LGO at 40th and Campbell, is simply superb! $50 for a trendy new do is a steal.  Dave Fletcher is the man to see, like a magician with shears...You can be out of the salon and back to the office on your lunch break...amazing!  I recently had my color done there as well and could not be more satisfied.. Its rich, shiny and exactly what I wanted.  There isnt a better a salon in town.
5	let me be the first to say...this place is amazing, and sherry is as good as it gets.the location is perfect, and on a gorgeous day such as today, i was more than happy to relax and enjoy the total hair experience that sherry provided me. the place has a huge garage door to let in the beautiful spring breeze and makes for a calming, urban atmosphere. it's not stuffy or noisey or claustrophobic like many salons are. and after you're done getting your new 'do, you can walk right next door to postino and indulge in a glass....or bottle...of wine.  sherry gave me a great short, texturific cut for an unbeatable price. she even rinsed my hair after i cut it so i didn't have to go home and take a shower to rinse away the little hairs left in from the texturizing. i couldn't be happier.
5	I too am a Sherri fan! That girl does some gooooooood no, GREAT hair. I have naturally curly, thick, pain in the butt hair that people have actually cried over trying to make it look good. Sherri is SO good with getting my hair straight I have given up lunch in favor of a killer Friday night blowdry! Which is only $30 not $80 like some places!! (she could charge $80 and I'd give up dinners too) Seriously, she is the best hairstylist i've gone to in Arizona and not only can she cut and blowdry but her color is so on point that I know she will be leaving me to go to Hollywood and work for actresses on the red carpet. She's THAT good. Oh yeah, and she convinced me to cut bangs for the first time in 36 years and I Love them!!!! Thank god its almost Friday Blowout Night!!!
5	I saw Dylan's Salon while I was having lunch with my daughter at La Grande Orange. I loved the salon so much I made an appointment. I am so happy with my hair. David was my stylist and he is incredible. I am telling all my friends.
5	This place is by far the best salon I've been to. I've been 3 times so far and it's been great every time. David (the owner) was the one who cut and colored my hair...it looks fantastic and he's so friendly and extremely knowledgeable as well. I truly love this place. I couldn't have had a better experience.
5	Friendly, imaginative & skilled in a great location, at very reasonable price for the location. Highly recommend!
5	Kevin is the best colorist I have ever been to.  My head was a mess considering I had 3 different stylists in the last year.  He fixed all the uneven color without frying my hair.  He is so friggin talented, highly recommend him!!
5	Dylan's did a great job! Was able to make an appointment for the same day. Price was very reasonable and the place was nice and clean inside. Great location right next to Postinos and La Grande. You may want to make an appointment earlier in the morning as the parking gets a little crazy there.
5	Erin Kelly did my hair and she was so personable and was great at consulting with me she is very talented. I enjoyed sipping on some wine from Postinos while Erin was doing my hair it was a great experience I highly recommend Erin kelly!
5	Jenn Dew is my go to lady for all things amazing for my hair! If you want color just right she is the gal for you! I've watched her work for years and always amazes me with her talent! You won't be disappointed and I've never been! Make an appt with her today, plus she is a lot of fun to hang out with when getting your hair beautified :-)
5	Jennifer Dew has been doing my hair for years. I followed her to this salon when she moved because no one does hair like her. She is incredibly easy to talk to and she really knows how to pick up on just what you want done. Her advice and expertise are incredible. She is really a talent and can tell she loves what she does. Dylan's also has such a great atmosphere! Really relaxed and the chairs are so comfortable. During my most recent hair appointment, I ordered a $5 pitcher of beer from Postino's and brought it over.
5	My stylist Jennifer gives the best men's haircuts I've found in the valley.She will discuss your needs and concerns before starting to make sure you get the hair you want and looks best for you. It is always nice to have feedback from someone you can trust. Dylan's location is very inviting and has a great aesthetic for men- nothing bright or weird caesar's palace looking decor like a lot of salons. Guys will feel comfortable here.Tip- book your cuts around a time when you can take advantage of the local hot spot. You got postino and la grande orange within walking distance.
5	Jen Dew knows how to cut hair! She has been cutting my hair for over a year now and I would never have anyone else cut my hair again. Every time i get my hair cut my exact words are "Not sure what I want... I will let you do what you want too" and each time I could not be more pleased with the outcome! She knows what is fashionable and practical; the perfect combination!
5	Jenn Dew is just amazing! She's been cutting my & my husband's hair for years and we are always amazingly happy with what she does! I have super thick, coarse hair so I am very picky about who I let near it. Jenn has always had really great suggestions that work for me short or long, winter or summer, etc. I recently had my hair colored last month (something I rarely do out of fear and upkeep) and it turned out amazing. Plus, her new location at Dylan's is fantastic! Great space with two amazing local businesses next door--LGO & Postino!
5	Jolie Luna is hands down the most amazing, intuitive, talented and beautiful stylist I have ever had.  I am about to relocate back to LA after having the luxury of Jolie and have no idea how I will ever replace her.  Whether you are conservative, impetuous, quirky, cutting edge, or in need of someone to make a hair decision for you---she IS your girl.As for the salon itself, I love that place too.  The atmosphere is professional while being fun AND you can stroll next door to Postino's go get a glass of wine while you get processed or if not, go strike a pose there afterward.You can valet or not, so don't sweat it.  Just let everyone know where you are headed.One more thing, if you do get to book an appointment with Jolie, count your lucky stars AND tip her well.  She is PRICELESS!
5	Dylan's is the best hair salon in Phoenix. David is a hair God. I look like a hair model. You won't believe how amazing you will look if you put your hair in David's hands. I highly recommend Dylan's. Make an appointment with David today!!!!!
5	Hi David,We got so busy talking about business I forgot to mention how much I liked my haircut!Best ever! Perfect!I started getting compliments immediately. I didn't want you to think I take this for granted... your talent is unsurpassed my friend.Greg Specht - 08/13/2012
5	+1 on all the positive reviews for Jennifer Dew. Found out about her from Yelp and she was able to get me in on short notice before I went on a business trip.  Sweet, pretty, and did a fantastic cut.
5	Jenn Dew is amazing!!  I am so glad I found her through yelp reviews :)You know when you first go to a stylist and they do a consultation for the first visit before they start your service?  Well, Jenn does that every time which I have never had another stylist do.  So EVERY time you feel like you are getting great feedback and you can say what you loved or what you might want to change.  Besides being an amazing colorist and stylist, she is just an amazing person to boot, so that is an extra bonus!I love that she is at Dylan's, it is super cute and how great you can pop into LGO afterwards!
5	Jenn Dew is my hair angel!  For years, Jenn has helped me maintain my professional image, while staying fun and current.  She has her finger on the pulse of style, and is expertly able to manipulate that style to fit the needs of every client.  While keeping this forty-something looking simple, fresh and professional, and she keeps my teenage son looking contemporary and cool....all with that sweet smile on her face.  When you go, ask her about her education...she has trained with the best and brightest in the industry!
5	Jenn did my hair yesterday and it was AMAZING! It's just beautiful absolutely beautiful! I was there for about 3 hours but I have a lot of hair and that includes styling. The time flew because she is so easy to chat with. I was surprised when I looked at the time. The Salon: The location is far for me but I love it. The chairs are the most comfortable I have ever sat in. The sinks are awesome as they adjust to how you sit. Love it. The lighting and atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable. I had a little trouble with my last salon but am so happy that I found Jenn in the process.
5	Simply the best haircut I have received.  David, the  owner of the barbershop/salon is not only good at his job, he is fun and interesting to chat with.  We covered a breadth of topics from manufacturing moving to China to how colleges attract recruits. When I went in last year, my old hair guy moved out of town.  I'm always at Postino or LGO and I've always seen Dylan's.  I finally decided to give him a try.  I was skeptical at first because most stylists don't know how to cut a man's hair properly.  Not only does David cut like a barber should, he lines up your neck with a straight razor and he is also offers shaves.  Warning!: When you schedule and appointment, make sure to ask for David, the owner.  I gave my name when I scheduled my 4th visit thinking I would get David but I instead got one of the other stylists who cut my hair adequately, but not as good as David.
5	I am writing this solely for the radiant Jennifer Dew. I came in timidly wanting to dye my hair from blond to red Two hours, a very personal and detailed consultation, and one amazing cut and color later, I walked out a sassy redhead. I have never gotten so many compliments on my hair in 27 years of life. It was revolutionary. No one guessed that it was not naturally that color. Go to this woman, you will not regret it. She is an artist. The venue is relaxing, modern and very pretty. It's a nice place to get your hair done.
5	I came to see Jennifer Dew earlier this week. I wanted to take my very long hair to a shoulder length bob. She sat down with me and listened to everything I had to say, took into consideration my lifestyle, limited hair styling ability, and what I was really looking to achieve. My hair looks so cute and feels so soft, it's also extremely easy to style. She is so pleasant and really obsesses about making your hair perfect. Go see her, you won't regret it. Also, pick up a glass of wine beforehand at Postinos! I'll be back again!
5	Jennifer Dew is amazing! I've had two haircuts and highlights with her now and she is fabulous. I'm so happy to have found a great stylist in Phoenix.
2	I did not have the same experience others that rave about Dylan's here did, apparently. But, I did get the world's fastest men's cut (think super cuts). And to add to the oddness of my take on this place, it was the owner that did the cut! Unbelievable.  Too short. Too short. Too short.  I asked for a jagged cut. I got a straight boiler plate precision cut instead.  And did I mention too short?  Oh we'll, hair grows back, right?
4	I came here for Jennifer Dew- she did an amazing job on my cut and color.  She is a little obsessive compulsive (like me) so she was very particular about my hair and making sure that I looked good and was happy when I left.  Very cool.Make sure that you anticipate their parking situation though.  They are valet only and there is no street parking.  Make sure that you bring a couple bucks to tip the dudes just in case.  Although- I didn't have to because they just handed me my keys as I left (didn't even ask for my ticket).
5	Lorri Gregory was recommended to me for bridal makeup by my photographer and I'm glad she did. The one request from my husband was that I didn't look cake-y and like I had tons of makeup on for our wedding day. Lorri did a beautiful job of making my makeup look natural in person, but still beautiful in photographs. I still looked like me, just a little hotter ;) Lorri also did makeup for my mother, sister, and mother in law, and they were all pleased as well. I highly recommend Lorri Gregory for makeup, she's awesome!
5	David is the real deal.  Does great with my thick, course hair.  He also has some great stories.  I enjoy the vibe of this place.
5	David is great.  He knows what he is doing and has great stories.  I have been going to this salon for about a year and he knows how to cut my hair.  I have really thick and course hair so it's hard to find someone good.  The  place also looks great inside big glass garage doors that are open when it is nice out.
5	I've been seeing Jenn Dew for a few years now and started going to Dylan's when Jenn relocated from her previous salon. I love the comfortable open atmosphere at Dylan's. After years of trying to find the perfect hair stylist I found Jenn and will continue to be loyal to her as my hair has never looked better! I have super fine hair and she manages to make it look thicker and fuller with both color and cuts. She is very knowledgeable and I love coming to her with new style ideas to try out. She is very honest with what will work with my hair and what won't. Not only are her cuts perfection and creates amazing color, she is incredible at styling too! I used her for my wedding day hair and my hair was sooo beautiful. I brought clip in hair extensions to use and she cut them and clipped them in to make my hair look longer and fuller. The extensions were blended in so well, no one would have known it wasn't my own hair. She also styled 4 of my bridesmaids hair and the flower girl. They each have completely different hair types and each of their styles looked beautiful and held up all night. I highly recommend her for all of your hair needs: cuts, color, styling, updo's, bridal as well as cutting, applying & styling clip in hair extensions.Oh - I forgot to mention, she has the best attitude! Very upbeat, positive and super sweet. Always enjoy getting to see and talk to her during my appointments.
5	Fantastic place. Great location. Superb products (seriously if you don't own Neuma hair care products, you need to stock up here). Great service. Great cuts! $50 plus tips for a cut - which is what I expect to pay for someone who knows what they're doing! I will definitely come back.
5	Dylan's may look like a hair salon, but it isn't. Talk with David for 20 minutes and you'll find it's actually just a front for money laundering.They maintain the operation by offering excellent men's cuts at a fairly reasonable price. No need to rip the customer off, so they charge a reasonable $35 for a men's cut. After all, staying in the black isn't important thing here. As long as the place has high traffic the dirty casino cash coming from Saudi shieks and Italian mafiosos can be cooked in the books, leaving the feds none the wiser.David is a veritable font of information about horse racing, woman charming, tax dodging, and the slimier side of Vegas, and he'll give you a quality cut while you entertaining you. Just don't wear a mic or you might get a different type of cleanup with the straight edge razor.
1	I was charged over $230 for a "touch up" color. My hair ended up brown (of which I specifically said no brown), I went back to have it  fixed, was charged $65 for a haircut I did not want and my hair was changed from brown to bright orange. When I asked for a partial refund (keep tips and haircut money), I was told that I should go back and have it fixed again. Now, I am out over $300. This place has no policy for "refunds" or disatisfaction, you're just supposed to keep going back over and over until it's "fixed". If you are unlucky and have a bad experience, too bad for you. I had to go to a different salon to have my hair corrected.
5	Brittany Miller does a really great  men's hair cut . I am  an older gentlemen with not as much  hair as I would like, but she does a great job with what I have. and she is very pleasant to talk with.
5	Brittany Miller has been my stylist since 2009.  I am always getting compliments and asked "who does your hair?" I would highly recommend Brittany in a heartbeat.  If you're looking for a natural product alternative, Brittany is your girl.
4	i go to astor place i would always ask for irma because she is wonderful and know every about hair artist!!! you want to look flablous come to irma!!!!!!
5	Laurae Goddard has done my hair for several years.  She has a great eye for color  and style. I get many complements from friends when I have my hair done. She also can cut your hair so it fits your face and style. I highly recommend this stylist and will continue to have her do my hair.
5	Laurae Goddard at Dylan's Salon does an excellent job. She has done my hair several times & has an artistic eye for color. She is one of the few Stylist's that I have been to over the years that actually knows how to cut bangs.
5	Love this place! Lori is the best she has been doing my girls hair for over 7 years.  She is professional, funny and really good at what she does.  She can do all types of hair, which is important to me as my girls are mixed and need someone that knows their type of hair.   She has also done mine and my sisters hair and we both have been super pleased with the results.
