4	Above average steak house.  Both this one and the one on Camelback.  Enjoyed the steak.  Not my favorite in Phoenix, but I would definitely go back there.
2	To quickly summarize my feelings of our experience at Ruth Chris's: Thank goodness we had a giftcard that paid for part of our meal! If we had paid full price, my husband and I would have felt more ripped off than we did when we left.  Now, we don't mind dropping $145 for a dinner if the food is really good and the atmosphere is amazing. Sadly, neither was true at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.My husband had the petit filet and shrimp combo for dinner. While he said the shrimp were very good, he said the steak was just OK. Definitely not the most amazing steak he has ever ate.  I had the crab cake entree, which was three lump crab cakes. Was it worth the almost $30 pricetag? Heck no! I appreciated that there was really no filling and it was lump crab meat, it was way way too moist for me.  I don't like my crabcakes bone dry, but I don't like them overly moist. McCormick and Schmick's are way too dry, but Ruth Chris's are way too moist. Blah. Also, there was too much horseradish or something like along those lines for my taste.  I can't wait to visit my parents in Maryland this summer to actually get some good crabcakes.  Our mashed potato side that we ordered was large enough for the two of us, but the potatos were meh.  The $1 instant potatoes we buy at Fry's are better and have more flavor.  For dessert, we had the cheesecake. I'm sorry to say that the cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory is 10x better than what I ate at Ruth Chris's.Our waiter was very nice...attentive but not overbearing or pushy. The atmosphere was just OK.  We had reservations, but still had to wait almost 20 minutes to be seated...WTF? And for an "upscale" restaurant, I was shocked to see people roll in with jeans and sweatshirts on! Yuck.My husband and I said that it is highly unlikely we will ever go back to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  High prices do not equal good food.
3	I've been to this place numerous times over the years and most recently last night. They've done a bit of remodeling and raised the prices, but I'm afraid the quality has gone down. Where's the quality control? They got my steak wrong twice - very wrong in fact. We both asked for the Fillet cooked Medium to Medium-well... we got one fillet cooked properly, and in front of me was a tiny little overcooked dry hunk of meat. They gave me the petite and cooked it beyond well done. Since we had already filled up on bread and whatnot while waiting for our steaks, we just decided to split the correct steak. They took the other one away and gave me a sizzling hot empty plate. They also offered to make a new steak for us to take home for free to make up for it. We almost turned it down, but figured since we had half the bottle of wine to get through it might be done by the time we were ready to leave. They brought out a new one less than 2 minutes later. He said 'luckily we had one back there for you.' I'd suspect it to be my original order, but too much time had passed for it to be that. Plus, this one was undercooked - pretty much rare. We didn't want to say anything since it was free and we felt like complainers at this point. The service was pretty shitty at first - for the first hour actually. We were ignored and forgotten. We weren't dressed like homeless people or anything either. When we weren't being ignored, we were having our order screwed up. Then they spent the rest of the night trying to make up for it. It's as though they just expect to suck and then when customers get mad about it, they kiss ass. Maybe it's a new rich people fad I don't know about. Going out somewhere to pay a lot and get crap service so you can have a reason to complain to someone and have someone suck up to you. Hell, if it isn't a fad, I want to make it one. Maybe I'll open a store that sells expensive crap - then when they try to buy it, I'll be rude and mean to them until they are about to give up - then I'll just let them take the stuff home for free and smooch their butts until they feel good about themselves. But I digress...It took forever to get our food ordered, then forever again to get it delivered. We sat at the bar because they were too busy to seat us. It was funny watching the two bartenders run around like they were working a packed night club when there were actually only about 5 people seated at the bar including us.I think I've been let down by this place as many times as I've been pleased. And I keep going back because of the shrimp and the sizzling steak plates and the one or two really amazing steaks I've eaten there... truth is though, I cook a much better steak at home - hell, I could buy a new barbecue, gas tank, a novelty apron, tongs, 5 bottles of wine, an oven mitt, and 10 steaks for the same price as going to this place 5 times (with someone and paying for us both)... I still think it's a decent steakhouse - pretty much overpriced - but good. I prefer this place to the other expensive steak chains, but there's some new ones that I haven't been to yet. Perhaps Ruth's Chris's era is coming to an end...Another thing worth noting - half the people there had silver hair and the other half only had half their hair. There was a hanging portrait of some old lady dressed in red - probably Ruth (or Chris?) - that we had to stare at while we ate. Some actual old lady wearing red stopped near the picture to grab some mints and wait for her slow-ass husband. We were very amused at the likeness.
3	Ate a quick dinner at the bar on a Friday night.   Porterhouse for two, salad, and tuna tartare along with spinach and mushroom side dishes.  Service wasn't great, but that is what we expected since the bar was pretty crowded for the first hour we were there.  The food was great, better than I remembered Ruth's Chris to actually be back at home.
3	Very nice service, beautiful restaurant.  The food was ok, for those prices I expected it to be much better.  I probably would not eat here again.  Unless I won the lottery.
5	What can I say ~ I Love Ruth's Chris!From the moment I walked in I was waited on with the utmost attention.I made a reservation for some friends and I.I arrived early so I sat at the bar and ordered some calamari(see pics)PJ the bartender took very good care of me, he was funny without being obnoxious, we watched jeopardy together and he knew all the answers, he even gave me a wine tasting tour of the most expensive wines they have! I found a new favorite.(Whitehall Lane Cabernet)He was great company while I waited for my guests to arrive. Thanks PJ~Dinner was Delicious as usual, although I did notice they increased their prices a bit.I ordered Shrimp Cocktail, Ruth's Chop salad, Seared Scallops and the broccoli augratin. (see pics) I really don't care for red meat anymore but their Rib-eye is Delicious if your a steak eater.My guests ordered the filet and crab legs, tomato salad, house salad and a rib-eye and they loved every bite as well.After dinner we relaxed for a bit on their patio complete with fireplace and the most comfy patio chairs I've ever sat in (see pics)I spent nearly a $100 on my dinner alone but it was worth every delectable bite~
1	The worst steak I've ever had. I had a $75 Kobe beef steak that had a stick of butter melted over the top. WTF!? What kind of restaraunt would do that to a steak? I also burned my hand on the steak plate that comes from the oven. I'm all for a hot plate, but giving a customer a plate capable of a 3rd degree burn, is that really necessary?!
4	Ruth's Chris had always been one of my favorite chain steak houses.   I love my filet mignons rare, and RC has always delivered.Imagine my surprise when on this visit, my rare filet looked like a medium-to-well-done and my girlfriend's medium-rare only had a hint of pink in the center.Now, I am not such a food snob to send things back to the kitchen, but this time the disparity between what was ordered and delivered was too much.Within 5 minutes, the kitchen came back with a perfectly cooked rare steak.  Not only that, both the manager and the head chef (Craig) came to serve it themselves!  What personal service!Now, many places serve a rare steak that's cold in the center.  Chef Craig calls this a "black-and-blue" steak.  The steak I received was the most perfectly cooked rare I have ever received: seared on the outside, pink on the edges and warm but red in the center.Mistakes happen.  I believe the GREAT restaurants reveal themselves in how they resolve these situations.(Also, I feel Steven's review is a bit harsh : Ruth's Chris's trademark is the buttery steak on a sizzling hot plate.  Kobe beef, which is by definition a fattier cut, may not work well for this.  The leaner filet is the cut of choice here.)
4	My husband I and just celebrated our wedding anniversary at Ruth's Chris and it was the best service we ever received.  I made a reservation one week in advance since I am not from the area.  The person who took our reservation asked me if I was celebrating a special occasion and I told her it was our anniversary.  To our surprise they actually used that information and had Happy Anniversary confetti spread out all over our table.  We received our food quickly, steaks were tender and yummo.  The only little thing that was kind of annoying was that our cream of spinach came to us at room temperature.  Other than that everything else we ordered was on point!  Our server, PJ, was also friendly.  We ordered a pre-fixed menu, they didn't have our favorite dessert on the menu but he hooked us up with our favorite complimentary dessert.  Kudos to PJ!I don't know if it was a stroke of luck or if this is how they normally treat customers, but I'll be going back next time I visit Arizona.
5	I have to echo Lisa J's remarks.  Best service I've ever received.My boyfriend and I too celebrated our 2 year anniversary and I made reservations in light of Restaurant week.  We were greeted by friendly staff and seated in a nice booth decorated with confetti for our anniversary.  The food was great, yes, although my steak which was suppose to be cooked medium (ie some pink in the middle) was well done instead.  Our server alerted the manager who offered to bring out another steak but I declined.  He then offered me another glass of wine on the house and of course I agreed.  He also offered my boyfriend another drink but he was done.  Sure, they should have got the steak order right but it still tasted great, and again.. the service was phenomenal.  You don't hear any complaints from me.  Finally, as part of Restaurant week, we received two desserts and to our surprise, a *third* dessert on the house to mark our anniversary.  We had the "Chocolate Explosion" and I cannot even tell you how good this was.  The only way you might find out is by checking it out yourself.  It's devilishly good.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  The service was simply impeccable.
4	Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat. I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection. The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye. Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. "Hold the butter." May save you some pain.
4	I went to Ruth's Chris tonight for an early dinner with my BF and brother... we all did the Soma Triathlon earlier today, so needless to say. we'd each worked up quite the appetite!Jared had been to this location but neither me or Zack had - we were actually really impressed!  We were all dressed casually and the hostesses didn't judge us.  We chose to sit outside since it was a beautiful night, and our team of waiters (Greg and John) took really good care of us.  We were drinking water like crazy and went through two bread baskets right off the bat.  The three of us split two bone in rib eye steaks and the signature tomato onion salad, steamed spinach, and sweet potato casserole... The waiters cut the salad and steaks up per our request.  As we were eating, the manager, Stacia, came to check on us which is always a nice touch!  We had nothing to complain about either - the steak was tender and delicious, the sides went well with it too.  The meal before tip came to $135 but luckily we had a $50 off Amex coupon, so it wasn't too crazy expensive.  I would totally return to Ruth's Chris before some of the other Steak House chains any day.
2	I am being very generous here, because the expectations were so much higher. They jam packed us among a heard in the middle of the room. They couldn't  remember whose drink was whose and they brought my girlfriends meal out wrong, oh yeah, and it was her birthday. Well I just dropped the rating again, just remembering the experience we had. Then as they went back to fix her meal again, they just let mine sit out in front of me and get cold, cause you know if I started eating before her, not a good idea. When they finally brought her meal, we told them that mine wasn't hot anymore so they went back and nuked it, nuked it, I am paying $150+ for the 2 of us. Oh hell no!!! So we choked down our meals which were all right, I have had better. No apologies, no manager apologies, nothing. Might not ever go back!!!!!
4	Dining at Ruth's Chris is always a treat.. I have dined at this local, Las Vegas, Nv for my wedding reception in March 2008, and also for a lunch as well as the San Diego harbor location for a New Years Eve Dinner..If you don't like top quality meats or haven't had them, I defy anyone to find a better steakhouse.. You are paying for the steaks which are served on their signature 500 degree plates with sizzling butter.. I always go for the NYer, a side of creamed spinach.. I have never had a bad service or had to complain about my food. Trust me, I will make my displeasure known, professionally and courteously. You always get more flies with honey than vinegar. The food at Ruth's Chris is top notch. Sorry to hear about the other reviewers birthday problem. A call to the location and a talk with the general manager would have done wonders the next day..
4	Lovely restaurant.  The first time we went there, both of our filet mignons were over-cooked.  We usually let go of the fact and finish our dinner but it was just totally off the mark that we had to send them back to the kitchen.  After few min, the manager of the restaurant with the waiter came to apologized and then the head chef came out himself with our new filet mignons and fresh side dishes.  He took his time to converse with us for at least 20min and thanked us for our understanding that things like this happen sometimes with new chefs in training.*Filet Mignon = wonderful*Service = exceptionally great*Atmosphere = very relaxing and classy.
5	I read Mona's review from the Yelp app on my iPhone while lounging by the pool in Scottsdale on Sunday and our group of 6 booked a reservation for that night. Mona hit it spot on. This place has it together; service and food. I recommend the Sweet Potato casserole with pecan crust for a side. Everything was perfect, our waiter was on the dorky side, but, the fireworks we watched out the window from somewhere nearby kinda sealed the deal as the best dinner I've had in the last year
5	Ahhhhhh-mazing.  Took my wife here for her first time ever at a Ruths...she said it was the best steak she ever had in her life!  As always mine was so good words can't describe.  They even hooked us up with Free banana pie for our anniversary .... they had anniversary confetti and everything.  We felt like a king and queen ... Cant wait to go back!I had the filet and my wife had the bone in rib eye .... and WOW I think I have a new favorite over there!  If you have never been to a Ruth Chris ... go ... it will be the ONLY time in your life you spend so much on a steak, but don't even care!!  I promise!!
4	We visited during restaurant week, so my review is probably a little different than other people's.  But, I thought the food was great, the steak was perfectly cooked and the service was fantastic.  I am thinking there might be some qualifiers if I had paid full price for all of my 3 courses.  But since I didn't, I have nothing to complain about.  This was acually my first time at any Ruth's Chris.  The tomato/crab soup was fantastic and the bread pudding was HUGE.  I would definitely be back to try the full menu based on my experience.
4	While I tend to avoid chains, this was a gift certificate we needed to spend. Luckily Ruth's Chris does not feel like a chain - the manager is very much in charge and passionate about his work, as are all the employees.We had an amazing dinner here last night. From the moment we arrived we were treated like VIPs. The waiter (Francisco) was also a seasoned wine pro - he helped us pick the perfect wine and even took the time to recommend and write down some store bought Pinot Noirs we might enjoy later. The steak here is perfection. Aged, prime meat served on a 500 degree plate with butter. This is right up there with Morton's, Donovan's, and Flemming's! She tried the Steak and Lobster and while the lobster was very good - stick with steak!The staff all pitched in to keep my diet coke full. Excellent teamwork!In summary: at $100 a person they earn every penny!- Sorry you caught them on a bad night Donald!
5	Where do I begin. Was in Scottsdale on biz and celebrated Valentines Day with another couple. The scallops were just right. The Chop Salad is the best in the nation, possible exception, the 1905 at Tampa's venerable Columbia. We split Sea Bass & a petite filet. I love the butter they cook the steak in. Asparagus & sweet potatoes along side. 4 forks to the Chocolate Sin Cake. Ask for Stu or Stacia, Cost? If you have to ask........
4	Good consistent steak house.  Great decor and friendly staff.  Good wine list and scotch list.  Need more fish and steak specials....
5	Sally our server was excellent.   We ordered the new $39.99 and  $49.99 dinner deals and it was a great price and tons of food.  Sally was on it with the refills.  I mean ON IT....My fillet was under cooked but they immediatly fixed the problem.  We had to wait 15 minutes for a table on a Monday night which was upsetting as they had one dining room empty and some open tables in the room we were in.I've eaten here several times over the years during spring training and it's always been great.The flavor was superb....
1	I went because I was given a $150 gift certificate. I ordered the steak & lobster combo, steak medium, my wife the salmon. The steak came well done, then it was returned rare - finally it was cooked medium, and the cook personally comped it, which was nice because then the gift cert covered the meal with a decent tip. Get the picture? Also, the lobster was tough. The ambience is ok but crowded, and unless you have a gift certificate or too much money, I can't think of a good reason to burn money here. You can get a comparable steak-lobster combo at a number of other venues at 1/2 to 1/3 the cost.
5	Best steak I have ever eaten is at Ruth's Chris steakhouse. Comes to your table sizzling hot. Sides are sold individually but are pretty good. The deserts and appetizers are awesome. Being an upscale place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet. If you really want to impress a date this would be a good place to do it.
4	Ruth's is easily in my top 5 favorite steak houses.  I've been to Ruth's about a dozen times in my life and it is always fantastic.  I know it is a huge chain and we are supposed to hate them but I don't care.  I would eat there every night if I could.  Sadly, neither my wallet or arteries can afford it.My reservation for 5 was at 8pm last night and the place was pretty dead.  It didn't matter though because we had a super- special VIP private dining room.  I was poking around their website and found that they have several private dining rooms.  So naturally I NEEDED to have one.  I shot the Scottsdale private dining contact (Michelle) an email to inquire about the possibility of getting their "Ruth's Room" which is their smallest (5-10 people) room.  She responded and told me it was available and would waive the food and beverage minimums which was nice because I didn't even know there were any.  The only thing they forced upon me was a mandatory 20% tip which I normally do anyway so it wasn't a big deal.  Anyway, I provided her all the details (size of party, time, reason for our visit, etc.) all over email so the whole thing went smoothly.The private room was excellent and well...private.  We closed the door and curtains as to not bother anybody and had a good ole' time.  It is not that we are rowdy or talking about top secret stuff, it was just nice to not have to worry about other people around.  Not that it mattered because the place wasn't too crowded.  Anyway,  I would highly recommend getting the private room if you have a party of 5 or more. The service was good but not the best.  I could tell they all just wanted to go home or upset that we weren't super big spenders.  Plus I had to wait and had to ask for diet coke refills.  No bueno.  I was also pissed that I told them when I made the reservation that 2 friends in our party had just gotten engaged.  I figured they would send us a dessert with a candle in it or something.  Anyway, they didn't send anything or mention anything.  Oh well.  Guess they forgot.The food:* Bread the give you to start = they need to upgrade this.  Every other steak place has them beat in this area.* BBQ Shrimp appetizer = very good* Tuna appetizer = very good* Wedge = eh* Filet = excellent.  My wife and I split the 12oz..  It was cooked perfectly and was more than enough to share.  I forgot to order it with extra butter but I didn't really need it and my wife would have killed me.  The filet is all I have ever gotten at Ruth's.  Next time I'm going for the ribeye to try something different.* Creamed Spinach = very good.  Ruth's does it the best.* Lyonnaise Potatoes = This was my first experience with them.  They are just big french fries with some sauteed onions on top.  It was pretty random but pretty good.  Not sure I would order them again though.  I would probably just stick to regular fries.All-in-all it was a good dinner.  Not perfect but very good.  I hope to come back soon.
4	Date with mom at Ruth's Chris for Mother's Day!This is our first visit to this Ruth's location. Reservation at 6:15pm and the place was about 80% filled when we arrived(not the patio). Wow, must be good! I had the Ruth's Classic dinner (House Salad, 6 oz Filet and Shrimp with a side of Mashed Potatoes; Chocolate Cake with Fresh Berries for dessert), and for $39.95! Definitely worth it! Mom just wanted the 8oz Petite Filet. The meat was really juicy, tender and flavorful, you really get what you paid for. The manager Tim came to check on us a few times which we thought it was really nice.The dessert gave us a very sweet and pleasant ending. Can't wait for another visit!
4	I loved the restaurant itself but honestly I was not completely impressed with the food. I like City Hall better for steak but prefer the staff at Ruth's Chris. My husband and I both had the filet and garlic mashed potatoes and both were just ok. We were not thrilled with our dinner or our desserts. The service though was so beyond fabulous and enough to make me want to return and try something else on the menu. Customer service is everything to me!
4	This is my fav steak house. I love the hot plates and the butter and salt combined with such flavorful, tender beef are incredible!! Sides are good and feed 2. I love the creamed spinach and we usually get a potato of some sort cause I think it's mandatory. They have a price fix menu that seems like a good deal. I get the filet or ribeye. If it's under cooked just send it back or press it down on your plate for a few seconds. Crabtini and Creme brulee were awesome also !!
1	Last night 11/9/10, 6 of us went to what used to be a top rated HappyHour here.  Let me tell you, cross it off your list! They've changed the appetizers, raised the prices and service was non existant now that theirbusiness has picked up!  We could not get waited on on the patio andactually went in twice to find our server, who announced she was really busy inside and didn't even attempt to apologize.  We ended up leavingafter over and hour and a half and went to another restaurant. Cross this place off your Happy Hour list-they no longer want our business!
5	This will probably be the only 5 stars I will give to a restaurant in the Phoenix area, but who knows? Maybe I'll get lucky in 2011. We've been going to Ruth's Chris for years and have always had impeccable service and absolute PERFECT food. One thing I love about Ruth's Chris, every patron in the place is dressed appropriately....a difference I noticed from a recent visit to Flemings. We go to Ruth's Chris about 4 times a year, and thank God they have "Seasonal" dinners available for $39.99 (or we wouldn't/couldn't afford it, especially with the amount of wine I drink). The menu to the seasonal special dinners is available on their web site and they are quite impressive with several choices available for salads, entrees, sides and a constant dessert (yes, you get dessert too). Without a doubt, Ruth's Chris is my all-time favorite restaurant, and every employee in the place makes sure your visit is as important to them as it is to you....I'm going to try to sneak in a few pictures next week but can't guarantee it as I am always so excited to taste the delish food that I forget!
4	Great staff and excellent Happy Hour!  Non happy hour can be $$$$$, but the food is great!
5	Our annual New Year's Eve dinner at Ruth's Chris was again, perfect! The filet was amazing, the sides were delish (they have a brussel sprout and bacon side which is yummy!) and the service impeccable. LOVE this restaurant and LOVE the consistency of GREAT FOOD and GREAT SERVICE!
4	09/14/10My first visit to Ruth Chris' and I have to say "not bad, not bad at all!"  I really liked the subdued atmosphere- white-clothed tables, yet not too stuffy, intimate bar area, but still allowed for personal space; and music set to very low (great for conversation or working w/ a laptop).  Bartender was not too aloof, yet eager to answer any question when I had any.  Have you had a chance to look over Ruth Chris' HH (happy hour) menu, yet?  There's a lot to choose from!  Now that I think of it, I'm surprised I haven't been back since.  After studying the menu for many minutes, I decided I'd try the burger, which I'd like to say was $12 (or was it $9?).  Whatever the cost, it was worth it!Perfectly-grilled and juicy eight-ounce patty, topped w/ a GENEROUS amount of blue cheese, some partially-melted (oh my!), on top of a buttered and grilled bun.  The burger also came w/ lovely and superbly-crisped fries!  Not a soggy one in the bunch, which was great in the short-term, but not-so-great for me in the long-term (so many extra calories I'd normally be saving by ditching soggy fries!  LOL).  A must-order entree!BTW, I tried a little of the complimentary sourdough table bread and butter while waiting for my meal- crusty, good stuff!
5	The best filet, great service.
5	The best Fillet Mignons and creamy mashed potatoes ever. 5 star service and food. For those of us that can afford the best and want to treat someone special this is the place.
5	I'd heard many good things about Ruth's Chris Steak House but having never been there, I didn't know if I could believe what was said or not. I decided to take my friend there for his birthday and "check it out". I chose the location on Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale AZ. I'd made a reservation and when I realized we'd be late, I called to let them know. Here's where my experience began: I was surprised with their response - they were courteous and encouraged me to come regardless of how late we would be since they were open until 10pm. As long as we arrived by 10pm, they would be happy to serve us. Wow! That's different, I thought...We arrived - at 9:45pm - and we were greeted warmly and welcomed enthusiastically.  There was no one else in the dining area, so it was more like a private dinner. The Hostess seated us at the table of our choice and was conversational without monopolizing our time. She was professional and very friendly. Our server came to the table and when my birthday guest apologized for our tardiness, he was told that it was no problem at all. "The important thing is that you have a wonderful birthday and enjoy yourself. We are here for you tonight." YES, that is what he said AND his attitude and actions backed up his words.Wow - Again!!Our whole evening was wonderful.  What I want to say is that my experience at Ruth's Chris Steak House was, by far, the best I've ever had at a steak house. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was excellent. The steak practically melted in our mouths and the shrimp was superb. I highly recommend this steak house to anyone desiring to have a relaxed evening with delicious food and excellent friendly service.I look forward to my next visit...
4	One of the best places for quality steaks I have found since moving to the Valley 6 years ago.  We've been there a few times and I have to say.....Service...greatMenu options....greatSteaks....FANTASTIC!Price... a little high but worth the $ IMO. If you haven't been... go... it's worth a visit.Hatch
1	I LOVE steak and Ruth's chris WAS my favorite place to eat until......my boyfriend called in early January to make reservations for Valentine's day. I was super excited in the month leading up to Valentine's day so he called to confirm our reservation a few days before. When he called, he was told they didn't have a record of his reservation. Since Ruth's Chris is an upscale restaurant he assumed he wouldn't need to get the girl's name he made the reservation with and when he spoke with the manager he basically told him he was out of luck because he had didn't have the name of the girl he made the reservation with. I have been to Ruth's Chris many times in the past, but after this experience, I will not be going back.I understand mistakes being made, but you'd think with this type of a restaurant they would have  a more efficient way to track reservations. We ended up having a great Valentine's day and he was able to get a reservation at a much better steak place (cooler atmosphere, better food and he received an email confirmation of our reservation with a reservation number!)
4	All I can is... YUMMY!The hubs and I ate here last night and it was amazing.  The service was impeccable from the door.  Our waiter was Francisco.  He was very knowledgeable and friendly.  We started off with a couple glasses of Moscato (yes, a dessert wine but I love it anytime!).  The bread and butter was very delish.  We ordered the tempura onion rings for an appetizer... I thought they were okay.  The onion and batter were too thick for my liking but the hubs enjoyed them.  I ordered the filet w/ 6 shrimp and a side of potatoes au gratin.  Hubs ordered the BBQ shrimp and the fries.  My food was AMAZING... the steak came out sizzling and was melt in your mouth yummy as were the potatoes.  I LOVE those potatoes.  The hubs raved about his BBQ shrimp.  For dessert we had the chocolate molten cake.  AND THAT WAS GREAT!  It was a huge piece of cake with vanilla ice cream on top, drizzled with caramel.  All in all... a FANTASTIC meal!  We left with full bellies and some leftover for later.  I'm a fan and will definitely be back!
5	By far the best steak I've ever had!! everything here is beyond expectation and the service here is world class!! Drinks are never empty and you feel welcome at every moment through the  evening ! this is my favorite steak house in all of the land!!
5	This is my favorite steak house for sure.  We've been numerous times and always, always have a fantastic meal.  We've gone during happy hour and sat in the lounge and there are some super deals on their bar menu during the week.  Prime rib burger was super delicious!   Also, the stuffed mushrooms were wickedly good.  We went for New Year's Dec. 31/10 and my husband had the special, which was steak and lobster, and I had lamb.  We both totally enjoyed our meals.  No room for dessert!
5	You can never go wrong with dining at Ruth's Chris! I was already a fan of this restaurant chain but wanted to dine at their Scottsdale location to see what it was like.. This restaurant is located upstairs in a mid-sized plaza.. The decor and ambiance are great but there isn't an amazing view like you would find at other Ruth's Chris'.. The wait staff are extremely friendly and the service was top quality.. I had their maryland blue crab cake appetizer, an apple martini, and their porterhouse for two entree.. Everything tasted amazing and I wouldn't have ordered anything else.. My only critique is that we ordered the porterhouse medium rare and the larger pieces were completely rare in the middle.. Luckily they serve their meat on sizzling hot plates so I was able to cook my meat a bit more.. The drinks here are served very strong so if you're not a big fan of that then I suggest asking them to tone it down a bit.. I didn't order anything for dessert because nothing on the menu appealed to me but I enjoyed what I did eat.. If you're looking for a special place to take someone out on a date then I recommend Ruth's Chris!
3	Update:  Unfortunately... the last two times we've come back, the food was just ok.  Definitely not $140.00 great.   We even went for their three plate combo for $40.00 / person, and the cupcake it came with, I only took 1 bite.  I didn't even see the chocolate explosion on the menu... very disappointing.  It would be good, if it was cheaper - but at $140.00, you really want to be wowed...  and that hasn't happened.
2	Alright folks....I can say I don't give two stars unless they 'earned' them. I will have to say this is the first time I have had the opportunity to experience what I once considered one of the best steak houses in the country. I will have to say I was extremely let down. :( I have been a server at some of the top notch places around. Of course you are going to think, "well, she used to be a server, so she is going to rate a bit more harsh..." Not so much from this little lady. I always appreciate how great most servers are....not judge them based on tiny mistakes are mistimings. Okay, with that said here goes... Food was amazing....(if you are on a diet, head straight for the veggie platter) If this was solely based on food, five stars! Thank you to the chefs and kitchen staff! Service.....horrible. I was celebrating my boyfriend's business partner's retirement party. I will have to say that our table was a 14 top, however 4 of the group were 11, 5, 4, and 3 years of age. The tab was also prepaid by the retiree's boss. Large table +prepaid tab+kids+auto gratuity=horrible service. This doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out. Her name was Victoria. Hate to throw someone under the bus but, really?!?! I had two glasses of wine and a glass of desert wine. I will have to say without a stopwatch in tow or in use, I will easily say it took her more than 15 minutes to hit the service bar to grab my glass of wine. This server had more than enough assistance and the bar was DEAD. I would totally understand if the service bar was behind or I ordered some really strange drink that required a special ingredient that the bartender had to go and get, but I was ordering 'by the glass' wine that was FEATURED on the menu. My second complaint about the service is that when a customer or 'guest' orders a glass of Pinot Noir, you don't automatically assume they want the most expensive glass on the menu. Prepaid or not, I know what I like and if the wine menu is MIA then when I say Pinot Noir chose a glass middle of the road. If I want $14 a glass Pinor Noir I will call it by name. This was NOT Victoria's fault. This was done by a gentleman that was of first assistance. Service cont....Soups and Salads were not ordered properly and put in the wrong positions at the table. Sides were also not placed on the table in front of the person that ordered that item to compliment their entree. My boyfriend's steak was medium as opposed to mid-rare. This is easily fixed by asking for a re-fire but at the time, it was extremely tasty, and at that point in service, why interrupt. Service cont...I was basically done with dessert by the time Victoria was able to bring my glass of dessert wine. I ordered a glass of dessert wine that compliments chocolate. Too bad I had to stare at my chocolate until my glass of wine arrived. She pulled the whole, my help was running around here trying to figure out where it belonged. Yeah, I wasn't born yesterday....she forgot to order it. Okay, enough with the service. The ambiance was impeccable. We had our own, private dining area. Dinner service started at six and we finished up around 9. We had very young children at the table that were incredibly well behaved. I had just met his daughter and her three small children. They didn't act up what so ever. I appreciate being placed in a private dining area. Major thumbs up to mgmt and everyone involved in making it a special evening. The management was actively involved in service as they checked on our table at least three times and offered if they could assist in any way. Had the service not been so mistimed and sloppy I could have easily scored Ruth's Chris at five stars. I am more than excited to come back and try again as everyone has bad nights and can be a little off.
5	What more can be said about this classic steakhouse. I've been here many times over the past ten years and have never had a bad experience. If you like prime beef, excellent service and a great dining room experience, then you have to give this place a try. Every well rated steakhouse is worth a try, but this one is my favorite!
2	Very disappointed.   In from MI visiting. 8pm Thurs eve place was empty..maybe that was a clue. We were seated in Erin's section. Asked for help w/wine after describing what I like in a red and she tried to steer me toward the $15 glass. I was not above saying that I was not the one paying and didn't want to spend that much on wine.  She literally just stared at me like I grew another head for about 10 seconds and smirked. WHATEVER... Moving on. When the wine came it was chilled. I asked her why, and she said at Ruths Chris they store the wine at 55 degrees...ok all good for storage, but you DO NOT serve the wine at 55, smarty...you serve at 65 degrees.  Again...willing to let pass.  Now, I am just getting back to the Chicken and Turkey world after eating just fish for 3yrs. I ordered an Herb Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breast and my mom ordered the BBQ Shrimp. w/ side of Spinach Au Gratin. When food came out I was thrown when the breast of chicken was split w/ a crack down the middle, had 2 bones sticking out of either side and was served on this small plate which made the appearance of the food look like a giant chicken butt...I'm so sorry...it did.  I just looked at my mom and said...I cannot eat this. Since when do chicken breasts have bones, and why isn't that the description on the menu???  Erin was chatting up the table behind us with "flair" that she seemed to be missing while serving us.  So, I very nicely asked the gentleman waiter who was walking by for his help, and help he did.  He immediately made me feel comfortable and like a proper customer...whisked up my plate and asked what else he could get me. ( I will not know how she would have handled it, but I doubt very much like he did.)  I ordered the Halibut, and just as he walked away I looked over at my mother and she said...please taste one of my shrimp.  At first I thought she was doing that because it would be a while until l ate, but quickly realized it was because the shrimp were like rubber.  Unfortunately, we had another issue on our hands and although the chicken probably tasted okay and I could not get past the look...now we have over cooked shrimp, at Ruths Chris???  C"MON!  They made my mom another plate of shrimp and brought me a beautifully done extremely tasty piece of Halibut but guess what, her shrimp was overdone AGAIN!!!  We were both sooo turned off at this point that we just wanted to wrap the Halibut scrap the shrimp and get the heck out of Dodge.  Erin came over and instead of apologizing she told my mom how many BBQ Shrimp dishes she sells nightly and she can't understand it.  Really? Is that how you handle it? Meanwhile, the male waiter (who I wish I could find his card and list his name) brought the manager over.  The manager was deeply apologetic and handled the rest of the evening with the class a restaurant of this caliber should.  They just charged us for the 4 glasses of wine we had ($40)  and we tipped $30 because we have class but I wish it could have gone to the other waiter. WON'T BE BACK...SHOULD HAVE GONE TO HOUSTONS!  BTW...Spinach Au Gratin was really tasty. :)
5	I took my son for Arizona Restaurant Week, wow amazing value for only $30! Top notch service & the best filet mignon in the world. Creamed spinach is a must, and for dessert Ruth's famous bread pudding. A+++
5	My husband and I go here every year for our anniversary. Absolutely LOVE it! We look forward to it every year. We really go all out and each get our own appetizer, drinks, main course, and dessert. My husband always gets the BBQ shrimp and I get the crab cakes. Both amazing!!! For our main course I get the petite fillet and shrimp and he gets the rib eye. Never been disappointed. Cooked to perfection. Sides are always wonderful too. Service is great too. I really have NOTHING bad to say. :)
3	Nice service, the food so so. I ordered lamb chops thinking I cook steak at home all the time, they were cooked to perfection, but lacking in flavor....boring actually (surprisingly so).  I  also tasted the Fillet Mignon  and Porter House steaks, and they were same... just average in flavor. All entrees  are a la carte, that's ok, but the presentation on the plate lacked all color  (I know you can't eat color, but other steakhouses seem to present a la carte plates without this feeling of nakedness).  Not to date myself too badly here but In fact the whole thing reminded me of a an upscale (in it's prime) steakhouse circa 1975; not in a classic vogue way but in a "this needs an update" way.  You could go to OutBack Steakhouse and have a better meal for 1/4 the price. Not what I was expecting.  All in all... I don't think you get your bang for the buck but nothing was horribly wrong per se.
5	RC without a doubt is the best steakhouse I have ever been to.   I have dined at over ten of their locations.    Never let down, always the best from start to finish.  The steaks are served on a 500 degree plate and the taste  is unbelievable.   The prices are high, but the whole experience is worth it.   Staff is super friendly,  my only complaint is,  I don't get to go as much as we used to.
4	FINALLY made it byt to peep out Ruth's Chris!!  It was game night (and it was super packed)  but we were able to catch a bar table right away which didn't bother us since we wanted to be able to see the game as well. Nice bar area, great service , awesome menu and delicious food or and strong tasty drinks ...I don't normally eat red meat but i made exception and had a bite of bf's (didn't help it had toasted blue cheese crumbs on it) and it was a orgasm in my mouth. You love steak? You will love Ruth's Chris. i tried a stuffed chicken that was cooked perfectly. the sides you choose are def large enough to share so we tried a few and enjoyed them all.
5	Dined here on Thanksgiving 2011 but sat on the bar side as they were fully booked.  I had the lamb and it was fabulous, as always.  They marinate it overnight and it really makes it something special.  On their website, they have a picture for each entree and the lamb chops arrive to the table looking just like the picture.  My husband had the rib eye and it was a very healthy portion and was cooked to perfection.  And their mushrooms - please, if you love mushrooms, you won't believe how good they are.  I wish I knew their secret.
5	The must-eat for serious steakhouse enthusiasts. I've been made fun of for my love for the petite medallions (2 of 'em) and shrimp (Louisiana-style) on top, but there's nothing petite about my appetite, I kid you not. Put two of them together, and it's a luscious filet mignon meal. The cocktails are off the hook; and the delectable creamed spinach is an essential on the side. "Ruth's Chris" is one of those must-once-a-year occasions, it's expensive, but a necessary splurge for any true steak lover. Note: Don't get butter on your nose like I did; the waiter won't laugh at you but your friends will.
3	I'm a fan of Ruth's Chris.  Not a huge fan of this location.  The food is consistent with the other Ruth's Chris locations I've been to.  The service isn't on par with the other locations.If you get the rib-eye, make sure you ask for center cut, otherwise you might end up with a NY strip-like rib-eye.
5	Anything else and I would be lying. Where do I start Food,Service 5 star Price 5 Star you get what you pay for here. Crab Cakes Bone in Rib Eye ahhh get your steak 1 rareer than you want.it will cook to the next level on your plate. Napkins up.
4	Great service, tasty steak. Highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp. The sides are huge portions, so keep that in mind when ordering. My dad ordered the lobster and it wasn't the best...but it is a steakhouse...There desserts are all amazing. I recommend the banana cream pie, creme brulee, or bread pudding.
5	I took a friend from Europe here this past week. I cannot express how much the attention to detail is welcomed and so wonderfully presented. By this I mean, the service, the presentation, the food, the atmosphere. The staff knows that when you walk in, you will be spending good money and they expect to take care of your whim and cater to your palette. The steaks are buttery, delicious and worth every bite. The sommelier made a wonderful suggestion to go with our order and he was spot on in his selection. This may not be the place to dine on a regular basis for some, but if you plan to make a special night of an occasion, I recommend highly Ruth's Chris. I have not been to the one in Phoenix, only the Scottsdale location, but I would be hard pressed to say that it would be any less tasty. My buddy was treated so kindly and his comment (paraphrased) was as follows: It's too bad that so much of the world hates Americans. They think that Americans are so loud and bossy. They can be so kind and so willing to to be helpful when they want. In Europe, no one cares if you are from France or Italy or Dernmark because we are like states next to each other. In America, everyone wants to know about where you are from and want to hear you talk about it and the places you have been.Thank you to the staff for being a part of my friend's visit.
4	Great overall but the Filet was a little bland. Everything else was absolutely amazing!!!
2	Ruth Chris, why does your food have to be so average and underwhelmingThe restaurant is very nice inside and they have a great outdoor patio for drinks when it is nice outIf you go ask for Bruce, he is the best server that I can remember having for any restaurant - was exceptional and I dine out at many high end placesHaving not been to a Ruth Chris in 4 or 5 years it was time to give it another shot, i remembered the food being very average and being underwhelmed by the steak, which was the case again - The steaks were cooked correctly, I feel their steaks are bland, especially compared to other chains like MasterosThe desserts were very good and the highlight for us, both the sin cake (very dark chocolatey) and the bread pudding with raisensWon't be going back, however the location and the service are fantastic, so if you do enjoy Ruth Chris steaks, you will be happy here - go see Bruce and he will make sure you have a fantasic time, as we did, even though the food wasn't up to our level of expectation
4	Ruth's Chris totally lived up to the hype. This was my first dining experience there--and their Restaurant Week menu was too good to turn down. I opted for the gazpacho, 12 oz. rib eye, and bread pudding. YUM. Loved the 500 degree plate it's served on. Loved our attentive servers. Overall, great time and I will definitely be back.
3	The steaks are tender but they are so soaked in butter that I felt I was eating a movie popcorn bucket.   Thes service was great, but the food just average.
4	At Ruth's last night, setting is great the views of camelback are great from patio with the restaurant being on second floor.  Staff was great very friendly and knowledgeable. I ordered the filet and lobster which was amazing only downside steak came out cooked more than I asked for.  The sides were ok and the desert was awesome.  I will be returning!
1	Where do I begin...this is a compilation of my last three visits to RCSH and my experiences were all the same.  Why go back?  I was given a number of gift cards over the last couple years and used each one.  I now ask that I NOT be given anything to do with this restaurant..  Here are the reasons:1.  Confirmed reservations were ignored or not honored.  The final visit resulted in an hour wait.  Yea that was a great anniversary visit waiting at the bar.2.  The staff is uniformly ignorant about customer service.  Is it so hard to take less than 30 minutes to come and take the order?  Can you come back sometime again during the meal?  Why do I wait another half hour to be asked if I want coffee and dessert once my plate is removed? Does each visit really have to take 2 and a half hours? I exempt the bus staff as they tried.3.  The food is ordinary...no comparison to The Capital Grille or others.4.  Each and every time we had such bad service we were given free desserts.  They clearly understood that our experience was bad.Please FIX 1, 2,& 3 above.  I don't care about the dessert if the rest of my experience is so awful.After the last time I have stopped going and will not be back.  There are other places that give you great value for your time and money so take the opportunity and go elsewhere.  Scottsdale has Atlas Bistro and Monarch Cafe that can rock your socks off.
5	will definitely be back. Our steaks were incredible as always, wife got the filet, I got the boneless ribeye. First time getting the ribeye, and next time I will stay with filet. The filet's at Ruth Chris are boarderline magical. Jeanie was our waitress, and she was wonderful. Her wine recommendation was top notch, suggesting the pinot noir "Duckhorn." Alex assisted her and he did an awesome job as well. Overall, just a great, professionally-relaxed dining experience.
4	First off I am new to Yelp so I was surprised that I could make a reservation when looking up the location to Ruth's Chris. That was awesome. The dining experience was perfect, from beginning to end. I was reluctant to go there because I didn't have such a great experience at the one in LV. Glad we went & will definitely be back. :) thank Alejandro
3	I came to this restaurant for dinner, since I remembered liking the Ruth's Chris Steak House in Portland, ORE (although this was about 6 years ago) and I guess.. I was underwhelmed. I've tried other steakhouses and I've come to realize that Ruth's Chris is definitely not the best steakhouse in the world. However, I gave the place 3 stars because 1) They had good service, 2) While they don't cook the greatest steak in the work, their Rib-eye wasn't bad, 3) The side of mash potatoes were fairly tasty.
4	Consistently great service. Pretty standard food quality for a high end chain. Have really enjoyed this location both when busy and quiet.  Cocktails aren't particularly exciting or strong, but a great wine selection makes up for it.  Best way to describe the experience, 'consistent'.
3	Although not a fan of ala Carte restaurants for Steak and in my case filet mignon  cooked medium was very much on point. The parking here however is a bit awkward as well as how to get into restaurant, very inconvenient but the food and service is good.
5	DEL to the ICIOUS!!! Absolutely hands down the BEST food I have ever had!! This steak house is well known to natives and its definitely worth the pretty penny it costs to eat there! The restaurant itself is set up upstairs with a seating, bar, and patio area. The atmosphere is very romantic and peaceful. Outside you have a nice view of the sunset and inside the ambiance is very relaxing. Each employee was very courteous and respectful. I loved our waiter the most!!! We were out celebrating my birthday and he brought over a little baggy that was filled with little pieces of confetti and spread it around our table to make it a little more "birthday festive" for me. Each person who came to our table wished me a happy birthday; it was very sweet that they went out of their way to make the occasion a little more special. The food was moist, hot, and above all nothing short of perfect! The chicken I ordered was basically injected with heaven, I cant describe it any other way! My taste buds went bananas! The combination of the atmosphere, the staff, the food and the company I was dining with, the evening was fantastic! Last but not least our waiter surprised me with a free piece of their delicious chocolate cake with Happy Birthday writing. My boyfriend didn't even have to ask (Like most restaurants) they just brought it out automatically after dinner! No singing, so other guest weren't disturbed, just a Happy Birthday note with cake, it was awesome! I will definitely be going back as soon as I can (im going to start celebrating my birthday every month! HAHA!) I will be recommending it to all my family and friends! Ruth Chris keep it up!!!
5	The biggest surprise for me is that, even after venturing to many high-end steakhouses, this is still one of the best.
3	If you have been to one, you have been to them all.That being said - this location: Consistently great service. Pretty standard food quality for a high end chain. Cocktails aren't particularly exciting or strong, but a great wine selection makes up for it. Best way to describe the experience, 'consistent'. Great service, tasty steak. Highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp. The sides are huge portions, so keep that in mind when ordering.  The au gratin potatos where thick and creemy and loaded with melted cheese on top - which makes anything that much better!The service is very attentive - even for a large group.  Sometimes this was a drawback or tunr-off when you are having a convesations and constantly being fawned over by service staff.If I ever do go back to that location - I will want to take advantage of the outdoor patio area with fire pit and enjoy the Arizona night.
2	This was my first time eating at a Ruth's Chris restaurant and even though I was reasonably happy with my food, the overall experience did not live up to my expectations. It was a good meal but not worth the money. Our total bill for two (including drinks, tax, and tip) was $200 and I think we could have had basically the same meal at The Keg or Flemings for half of that cost. Or, for equal money gone to a much swankier place like J&G or Capital Grille and had a really pampered experience and more impressive meal.Coming up the elevator and entering the dining room, I was surprised that it was such a casual environment.  It could have been any family restaurant in a strip mall. I did not get an upscale steakhouse vibe at all. We were seated in a four-top in the center aisle and my chair got bumped several times by both servers and patrons. At some point one of them knocked my clutch purse off the table and then stepped on it which I didn't realize until much later. I have been to places (esp in NYC) where they crammed a lot more tables into a small space but there was something about the layout of Ruth's Chris that was just really awkward and uncomfortable. I am sure if you sat in a booth you wouldn't have this problem but you still would have to put up with the lackluster decor and barely there background music. Another thing that made me uneasy was that there was some woman (the manager?) standing not more from 10 feet from me staring intently into the dining room for the entire meal. Occasionally she would bark orders at the servers but I never saw her walk around and talk to any of the guests.As for the food, we started with the calamari appetizer. It was cooked adequately, though a little too much breading for my taste, but the sauce it came with was amazing! It was like a sweet chili sauce and I could have drank a whole bottle of it. The only misstep was that they should have served it on the side rather than drizzling it on top since it made the breading get soggy. They brought out our salads before we had finished with the appetizer. This is a pet peeve of mine since I feel that when the pacing of courses is off it can really ruin the entire meal. But we both loved our salads; I had the Harvest Salad which was full of flavor and the hubby had his usual Caesar and he thought this was one of the best he'd had in a while. It had big chunks of shaved Parmesan in it which was cool. He ordered the cowboy ribeye and was pretty happy but he typically does like his steak unadorned with no condiments. Personally, I would have appreciated some seasoning besides butter on my petite fillet. As others have mentioned, both steaks came out cooked a little more than we had asked for but I think that is likely due to the super hot plates that keep the meat cooking after they are brought to the table. The odd thing was that the bleu cheese "crust" was really just bread crumbs and cheese crumbles spooned on top. It was not melted or seared in as I was expecting. I don't mind a well done steak so I enjoyed it but the lobster tail was a big disappointment. It too was a tad overcooked, but not so bad that it was inedible. However, the meat was extremely flavorless. Maybe it is because I am used to Maine lobster? Or maybe it was not fresh? One thing is for sure, the blackening spices mentioned in the description were no where to be found. It was an extremly bland entree. The highlight of the meal was probably the mashed potatoes we shared which were delicious! No complaints there. We finished our meals with dessert and coffee. I ate the chocolate and caramel cake that came with the Ruth's Classics meal. It was good, but had that fresh-from-the-fridge taste. The hubby ordered the caramelized banana cream pie and even though he didn't like the super hard pie crust (this dish also had been in the fridge way too long) he did like the flavor of the banana pudding center. We both had two drinks each, he had beer and I had martinis and we were surprised to see how pricey those were. I don't mind paying $12-14 for a specialty drink but I have never paid that for a basic gin martini. Also I specifically asked for the bleu cheese stuffed olives but these were forgotten on the first round.Our waiter was a friendly and funny guy but as the other reviewers have mentioned, there was a little bit of rushing us along while ordering and also some nudges to up sell at various points. Overall, it was the same service I would expect at an Outback or someplace similar but just not to the level of this price point. Which is basically what I would say about the food and whole experience. I wouldn't refuse to eat here again because I think you could have a more economical meal if you skipped the drinks and ordered the Ruth's Classics complete meal which is starter, entree, side, and dessert for only $42.95. But this place is not worth spending more than that so I wouldn't recommend it when there are so many better steakhouses in town.
4	This is a review for the happy hour only, which we ate at twice during spring training.It was just great, seared tuna, mini sliders, lobster something or other.  Deserts were amazing, the banana cream pie was to die for, the bread pudding wasn't bad either.Everything is half price, great friendly service, it's on a lovely terrace where you can watch the sunset...I'd go back anytime I'm down there.
4	Took my husband last night for his birthday steaks were cooked to perfection! We had the crab cakes for appetizer and they were so tender and moist I can't describe in words. I would have given 5 stars but the scallop and lobster that came with my filet were a little over cooked.
3	It was good but way over priced
4	Ruth Chris is one of my Favorite Chain Prime Steakhouse almost a tie with another one but they are more expensive than my #1 and their side dishes are not as good. But the flavor of the steaks OMG are amazing. It so tender and buttery have you ever cut room temperature butter with a knife yeah that's the same ways this steak cuts! And just melts in your mouth with flavor and juiciness! It was a great night the service was top notch, we went with his recommendations for selecting wines and dessert. It was a really great experience for the special occasion you can't go wrong here if you are true Steak-Snob!
5	Best bang for your buck on the happy hour tour...all I can say is WOW!  Fantastic service every time!
5	I have never been disappointed in any RC that I have been too.  This location was no exception.  This one was in a strip mall which was kind of weird.  The food was great, the service was fantastic, and they kept the reservations.  It was an anniversary for us and they made it special.  It is everything you expect from a great high end chain.
5	I will say Ruth's Chris is consistent when providing quality food and service. We live in Newport Beach so Irvine is the location we frequent most but have been to Phoenix, Palm Springs, Beverly Hills, Pasadena, Woodland Hills, Kona, Maui, and Oahu. My husband and I always bring our own wine, share an appetizer, share a salad and share a filet (always juicy and tender) along with the au gratin potatoes. Sometimes we get dessert (banana creme pie yum!) sometimes not but our bill is rarely over $100.00 before tip.  We've been to Flemings and I am convinced they are more expensive and the food is not as good, the last time we went there in Newport they sat us downstairs in a dungeon like room, to which I said "uh no".IMO you must dine at a Ruth's Chris before you die and judge for yourself, the portions are huge so you can share and still leave feeling stuffed.  Bon appetite!
5	One of my favorite places to go for a great meal.    Chopped Salad, Filet, Baked Potato, Dessert! Awesome meal!!!
4	Delightful!Great service & great food!The friendly & attentive service just makes everything better.  When the food is already top notch, the level do customer service simply makes for a delightful evening.The steaks are delivered to the table sizzling hot in a shallow bath of buttery juice.  They are tender & tasty.  The side dishes are generous in their proportions.  The only negative (and this is purely personal) is that the Blu cheese dressing consists of a heaping of the crumbles and little to no creamy dressing.  (Again, this is only personal but I prefer the creamy aspects in a dressing). Next time I will choose the chopped salad!
5	they were wonderful, the food and service is the best.chopped salad and ny cheescake is our favorite.
2	Only reason I came here is because I had a $100 gift certificate, I still spend another $100 on top of that. Your paying for the name.....there's better steak houses for the $$.
5	This was my second trip to Ruth's Chris. I absolutely love coming here it is always a great experience. First the ambiance;The restaurant is very beautiful and clean :) You walk into a hostess area where they great you and refer to you by last name. They are quick and efficient. The tables have table clothes and cloth napkins. The bathrooms are in tip top shape as well, with a full length mirror to adjust your nice clothes you are asked to wear.The service;We were seated by a hostess who immediately noticed my date and I were wearing black. When were seated she replaced our white napkins with black ones so we did not have lint on our clothes. I thought that was the most generous thing. It seems small but it was awesome that they even thought of something like that. They cleared off the other two settings and we were brought out bread and water. Our waiter was kind and efficient. I ordered iced tea and I use sweet n low in it. The cup of sweeteners was low on sweet n low but I only use 1 per glass so I was not ready to ask for more. When he brought me a refill, in a new glass not filled at my table, he replaced the sweetener bowl with another full of sweet n low. I didn't even have to ask for more he had already noticed. The attention to detail was so impressive. The food;The food is outstanding. I ordered the stuffed chicken on both of m visits and I like to refer to it as "chicken stuffed full of heaven". The dishes come out nice and hot as well as separate sides. If you want to share a side it is completely possible, they bring you out a boat of mashed potato's!! I try not to eat too much bread and salad because I want to eat my entire main course :) My date had a steak which was delicious as well. It was cooked perfectly and was nice and warm the entire meal.The price;You will notice that this is not a cheap restaurant. The experience and the food is worth every penny. I am a strong believer that if you are paying a high price the food and the service should be impeccable, and it was. I love coming to Ruth's Chris. The price is a little high so I do not get to endulge as much as I would like but I make it worth it each time I am able to go!!
5	Probably the 2nd best steak I've had. The food is expensive, sure, but thats what you are there for. This is first date, anniversary, birthday type spot. It is a chain yes, and there are probably 'local' spots that I would rather frequent, however you can't deny the quality of the steaks. The cocktails, wine and drinks have always been solid. I had an amazing Gin Martini with blue cheese olives, a cab with my steak, and an Irish Coffee paired with my bread pudding desert. Everything was delicious.
5	I can't believe I'd never been here until past weekend.  Ruth's Chris is a perfect blend of Arizona dressy - it's a fancy-ish place but there are people in shorts, jeans, etc.  I enjoy eating off of white tablecloths without being dressed to the hilt.  Drinks were fantastic.  We tried the strawberry basil gimlet, the blackberry sidecar, and the blueberry mojito.  That alone makes me want to come back for happy hour.  We started with crab cakes which may have been the best crab cakes I've ever had.  Perfectly cooked flaky crab with nary a hint of fishiness, resting comfortably in melted butter.  The steaks arrive on 500  degree plates swimming in butter and that is a beautiful thing.  All of the sides I sampled (mushrooms, potatoes au gratin an asparagus) were tasty although the mushrooms were a tiny bit bland. Service was attentive and friendly.  It IS expensive so if you aren't prepared for this, there might be a bit of sticker shock.  We knew in advance that it would be on the spendy side.  Great experience and I look forward to going back!
5	Amazing steaks served extra hot on a sizzling plate. Sides and appetizers are decadent and everything is chock full of great flavor.The Cowboy Cut steak is enormous and simply the best steak I have ever had (several times now).This place is where I splurge for celebrations, it's not cheap, but quality never is.Our waitress the last 2 trips was incredibly intuitive in filling our needs.If given the opportunity, this is my last meal...
4	Okay, I will start by saying I'm typically not a fan of 3 hour dinners. That being said, I had no idea that much time went by. Service was so friendly and attentive. Salads were fresh, appetizers very tasty. Steak and seafood were both of very high quality. Extensive wine list and also enjoyed the dessert sampler. Warm and upscale but comfortable atmosphere. A very nice dining experience.
4	This was my first visit to Ruth's Chris. The food was good but I think due to all the hype and marketing, I expected a little better. I had the ribeye and the meat was a little tough. The sizzling plates and flavor was good. Overall service was excellent.
4	This is very good food and the Filet to die for ... But you probably will, when you pay your ticket. Ate there with the wife, and for two people al-a-carte, it ran us about or close too, $200 bucks. It was really good,like bomb. But so was the price of dinner. I could of bought a week's worth of groceries for the two of us. But it was time for a treat. So, I treated her or us. The service was great along with the food.The atmosphere was nice and cozy as well. Enjoyed our time and the good eats. Thx
5	Best cut of meat anywhere. Lamb chops to steak, it's all good. Sides are amazing and service is 2nd to none.
4	I've been to a few nice steak houses and so far, Ruth's Chris has been my favorite. Excellent steaks, wine, and choices of bourbon. Every time I go somewhere else, they are compared to this place. Awesome. Definitely let them know in advance if you are there for a special occasion and they will take care of you.
4	We came here for Restaurant Week back in May. First they were very gracious and accommodating, because I messed up big time.We showed up on Saturday and I had made the reservations for the day before : (We were a group of 4 and ended up sitting at the bar, but it was nice and quiet.Food was good as always and the only glitch I remember is that the desert hubby ordered was tiny, and was a lot of chocolate, which was not in the name or description I think because he does not like chocolate. I think it was the cheesecake, not sure.Everyone was very friendly.
2	Being a native I've had the pleasure of eating at steak houses all over the state but had never visited Ruth's Chris. Was there friday night and ordered the steak special for the evening which was the bone in filet...it was amazing, my boyfried got the petite I think, which as good but not as good as mine. Our server was very polite and helpful and friendly. We ordered the crab cakes for our appetizer, which were bland. I'm a purist when it comes to crabcakes...the more lumps of pure crab the better and the simpler the better, these had other ingredients I find unnecessary, but still surprisingly  stayed bland. We also ordered the scalloped potatoes which were cut too thick thus not allowing to become tender all the way through and still raw in the middle. We told our server not askiing to speak to the manager, but she came over anyway. You could tell from the get go she was put out and annoyed at our dislike for the potatoes and bothering her even though we were very polite and didn't ask for them to be removed from the bill even, and we knew it would go in one ear and out the other as they often do in finer restaurants, but oh well. And for this reason, I won't return. I went for a fabulous steak which i did get but the whole package is the sum of it's parts, and all the parts weren't up to par
3	Great food, but the prices are way too high...glad I got to try it once, though, so I know what a $300.00 meal tastes like (not much better than a $100.00 meal...just $200.00 more).
5	Great Happy Hour, and excellent staff!  The food is quality and always great!
2	I have been to the Scottsdale Ruth's Chris several times for happy hour on the patio.  The view is amazing.  The problem is the service!Last week my friend and I sat on the patio for 20 minutes as the wait staff walked around, ignoring us.  When we finally ordered our drinks (which we had picked from the website happy hour menu) we were told that those were not on the happy hour menu...the waitress had no intention of honoring the website list, nor discussing it.  When our food came, my sliders were very dry...I waited for the waitress to come back around, so I could ask for mustard.  I waited...and waited...and waited....   Finally, I got up and asked the hostess to please get me some mustard.  Through the evening, I ended up asking the hostess for mustard, more water, and the bill because our waitress was missing in action.We didn't decide to go to a local haunt for a drink, nor did we decide to go to a mega-chain restaurant.....we chose the upscale spot, payed the upscale prices and expected an upscale experience, which we did not get!!!
5	The best place to get a steak, anywhere.The filet is their signature, and if you have never been, that is what you should order.  It's always perfect.The sides are also excellent, pick anything.  Dessert too.This place is expensive, but worth it.
5	I can't imagine that this venerated old steakhouse needs any further review but here I am. Great service, I mean really truly attentive service. Lovely ambience and a menu that cannot be beat. The price is ridiculous ($52 for a cowboy rib-eye) but absolutely delicious. The steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style. We tried three different salads and they were all good. We shared the lyonnaise potatoes, which were cooked to crispy perfection and the steamed asparagus with hollandaise. Good hollandaise too. We skipped out on dessert this time and shared a little wine instead. Lovely, perfect, delicious.
1	Splurged and took my family there last week. Made a reservation and we arrived we were promptly seated right next to the server station where we were able to witness all orders being placed in the computer and hear what each employee was doing this weekend. Really should have asked for a decent table but my son had his girlfriend along so didn't want to make a scene. Food was great as expected, though we sat and patiently waited for our plates to be cleared and order desert along with 2 of us needing refills on drinks. After eventually  piling our plates up for removal, we finally were able to catch the eye of our server  as she and another employee were watching the playoff games from the server area. She then told us that someone would be out to clear our plates which several minutes later someone did....news flash you clear the plates and quit watching the nfl playoffs. So after that our server returned and we were able to get some refills and order desert. I expected the $300 tab for dinner but also expected superior service which was NOT given. So,,,,, overall great food but they need to pull their head out of the clouds and fix their service issues. I won't be back despite the food
5	Love the steaks here! Service is always A+
5	I gave one of my employees a gift card for this establishment for Christmas and I would like to thank this restaurant for the job they did!  My top salesperson and his wife were ecstatic over the food and the service when they called me the next day!  So sad that the idiot from Monterrey, Ca was unhappy but, it's a jerk California liberal who posted!  Go home loser!
4	Everything was as it should be.  Elegant and sophisticated with all the right things.  Crab cakes are to die for.  Salad was fresh, snd desert tray looked yummy; I was too full to have any.
3	Food and drink are great.  Service is always really slow for happy hour.
5	All Ruth Chris are not equal, but this one was exceptional.  Attentive fast service.  Excellent, steak, I had bone-in filet, cooked as I ordered.  Just great evening.
5	Every time my family heads to Ruth's Chris i am assured of a great meal and a very good atmosphere! The Happy Hour is just as good! This is my go to for a great steak and easy going feel. I have never had any problems with the service and the food is always cooked to my exact preference. I recommend everything. I have had it all!
5	I was in town for business, hungry as hell after traveling in from the East Coast and on my own for dinner so a walk to dine at the Ruth's Chris bar seemed like a really good idea.  It was.  The RC chain typically does a nice, consistent job no matter the city you're in and the Scottsdale version was no exception.The 5 stars started with Kaylee the awesome bartender - shout out to Shelby, NC - ;-)  She was personable, on top of everything and clearly had a great relationship with all the servers, bussers, etc. in the place.  A true pro. I ordered a cup of lobster bisque which was delish and featured a nice quantity of lobster meat.  Next came a Caesar salad and the anchovies offered as an addition gave a nice salty punch to the already outstanding dressing.  Finally, a perfectly medium-rare, thick and juicy NY Strip served on one of those signature sizzling RC plates.   Return visit on another trip to Scottsdale?  No hesitation.
5	Overall, I have no complaints. My girlfriend and I celebrated our 1 year here and from I chose this place because of recommendations from my friends. I have heard nothing but good things about this restaurent. From Opentable reserving, to excellent service, complimentary picture (For special occaisions only), and OUTSTANDING food, our entire dinner was wonderful.  We both had the Ribeye 12 ounce steak which by the way was the BEST Ribeye I have ever had. Mashed potatoes which complimented our entree and a few glasses of red wine. Excellent selection and will definitely keep this place in mind for another special occasion.
5	This is my favorite Ruth's Chris.  Where else can you it a great steak on a patio after watching the Giants kick ass in spring training .KEN was out sever and he was 100 % solid.
5	The best steak on the planet!  I have never had a better meal.  A bit pricey, but worth it!
4	I came here for a webinar conference.  We had a restricted menu that started with the salad with balsamic vinaigrette with bread.  I got the petite filet creamed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes.  I was allergic to the deserts that were offered so I got chocolate ice cream.  So on with the review.  It was delicious and fantastic and i really enjoyed the meal.  The webinar was great and they had a nice set up.  I have no idea how much this place costs but I understand it is expensive.  I was excited to get this all for free.  Yum Yum
4	I am not a huge steak person but i did enjoy this place. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and ordered the filet mignon. Very tasty! i just felt the prices were a little too expensive for me but i felt it was worth it. Loved the quietness and customer service.
5	All I can say is that I've never had a better steak. It was buttery, melt is your mouth goodness, served on a hot plate so that every single bite was hot. Not such a big fan of the cream spinach though. I thought it was very bland in taste. I'd go there just for the cheesecake. It is dense but very light in taste with a coat of sour cream on top. I've been there twice and each time our service has been excellent. I would recommend this place to anyone.
2	So my first visit to this place was back in 2011. I have gone back a couple times over the years in which I recently went a month ago but what I have noticed is that the service has gotten really bad. I went with a friend to get dessert and when I asked for the molten lava cake the waitress said they didn't have any in stock. So I ordered the banana creampie which I didn't like very much. The service wwwterribly slow and the staff wasn't that comforting. Looks like Dominicks Steakhouse will be the place to go next time!
5	The steak is perfectection. It was my birthday and everyone makes you feel so special. I was greeted with Happy Birthday from the hostess and it continued from the entire staff. We had the carpaccio, filet, ribeye, lobster Mac & cheese, augratin potatoes and everything was perfect!
4	Came here for a nicer dinner during one of our weekends without the kiddos. We decided to sit outside on the patio, which was a really nice area. It was quiet and the temp was right (super cold inside - bring a sweater). While we enjoyed the patio and it's vibe I think our service suffered a but for it. It took a while to get refills and several times we had to ask for them. The steaks were well cooked and flavored as were the sides. It is a solid place to come for dinner and maybe sitting inside amps up the service?!
4	the first time I came here was for our first date four years ago, now we're getting married. Yay!Anyways, RC in Scottsdale is a great restaurant. It is beautiful and romantic.  it's never crowed and is perfect for a date night where you can just sip wine and talk the night away. We had their seafood and other things, but were mostly impressed with the steaks. They were excellent.
4	Ruth's Chris Steakhouse is definitely one of the better chains of the world. It is very consistent and will always provide a solid meal. I ordered the Chillean Sea Bass with a side of shrimp which were very tasty. They were richly soaked in butter and had a lemon juice on them as well. Both items were delicious. The service was a little bit slow, and the prices are very hefty for the quality. The sides are good too, but pricy. Our server also somewhat deceived us by offering us sides in a way that seemed like our entrees came with a side, and he offered us sides. We ordered the sides and they added up on the bill largely, not a classy move by the server. Other than that it was good. This was a very nice location, as I have been to many other of these restaraunts and this is the best set up one I have seen yet. Overall I would recommend, but only if you are willing to spend a good chunk of cash.
2	50 minutes for a happy hour sandwich. Really??  Wednesday not Friday or Saturday. No standing. God was great and the wait staff was great but 50 minutes for a sandwich. Applebee's can do better.  Plus the small steak half medium and half well done.  Too bad.  Must be a management problem.
4	Visiting Scottsdale for a week's vacation and decided to go to Ruth Chris on a whim on Saturday around 5:30pm to walk in and they said that we'd have to wait 1-2 hours for a table and we could get food service in the bar so we did.  Had a cold beverage that was COLD and hit the spot!  Then my wife ordered the Chopped Salad and I ordered the Calamari.  The salad was great, the calamari had some Asian chili and sweet blend that was just OK?  I guess I was expecting a more traditional calamari.  The bread was OK, little to crusty form my taste,  for you bread aficionados!  I had a 16 oz ribeye, medium rare, and she ordered a petite fillet and we shared the sweet potato casserole and asparagus with Hollandaise sauce.  I'm a big eater and the steak was perfect and way more than I should have ordered.  Great flavoring.  The petite fillet was perfect and my wife said it was the best she ever had and she has had many!  The sweet potato casserole was to  die for...it would have been a great dessert with some vanilla ice cream!!!  The bar ambiance was OK, couple of TVs so we got our sports fix, and an apparently active hot spot though I will get reservation next time.  The service was excellent, attentive, timely, and a tall gentleman that I assumed was the manager stopped by the table to see how we enjoyed our meal.  Overall it was a little pricey but is a great splurge.  What would have made this a 5 star instead of 4?  I would not have gotten the calamari and more yummy bread.  I like Ruth Chris so I would likely go back... and make a reservation!
5	Great service, food was awesome and they had a Mother's Day special that made it all a great deal!  I say "great deal" but this place is uber-expensive.  $50/person, easy and no alcoholic beverages.  Definitely a nice treat but not a "I come here all the time" type place.
5	I love this place!  I don't care about the butter they put on their steaks, it remains the best I've ever had; sizzling plate and all!
5	let's be serious ..... it's Ruth's Chris, how could I be disappointed?  My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner there and except for a small hiccup (my father-in-law had said we could NOT go over 2 hours, without exception, and our dessert had been held up because my hubby and I were giving our bridal party gifts and speeches and the staff didn't want to interrupt so we never got our dessert .... it was promptly removed from my in-laws' bill without question or hesitation), the service, food, and atmosphere was amazing.  We, along with the in-laws, dealt solely with Chelsea Helstab (sales and catering manager) and she couldn't have been more responsive. The wait staff that night was so on-point .... available whenever we needed them, refilling drinks quickly, yet never seemed to be hovering or there "too much".  It's pricey but for a special event like this? You can't go wrong.
5	My family lives out here in Arizona and me and my fiancee came here for her birthday. Showed up 25 minutes late because of an accident on the freeway and they didn't mind one bit. Nice as ever. The two Davids were our servers. Soooo nice. Recommended the chefs selection over a LA carte and saved us 65$. Unheard of. We aren't first time steak house eaters so it was a shock to hear a waiter recommend spending less money.   So the food. I got the lobster bisque to start. Awesome. Then the 16 oz. Rib eye medium. Wow wow wow. Seriously, no lie. Better then the 33 oz. Bone in rib eye at mastros and 35$ less. Comes out on a 500 degree platewith butter sizzling. For my fiancee she got the petite filet with shrimp. Soo good and iI don't really care for small filets. We shared the lobster mac and cheese. Self explanatory. So much lobster 5 oz. Then the creamed spinach. And we shared the shrimp cocktail Zero complaints. And we are somewhat picky. Drinks were awesome. Strawberry basil giblet and for me my usual Jameson and ginger ale.   Dessert needs its own section. For me I try and get creme brulee anywhere I eat. This honestly tasted better than Mortons. She got the caramelized banana cream pie. Yea you read that right. The best ever.  So in finishing chose ruth Chris and ask for the Davids to serve you. We were going to j&g at the Phoenician but steered cleared after seeing the horrible reviews and only the view being good. Plus 400$ dinner thats ehhh vs Ruth Chris at 201$? Why go anywhere else. Please take me serious I'm a 6'4" 300 lb. Man. I've eaten. I don't ever write reviews but this place really stuck with me.
1	Pretty bad. Both the wife's and my steaks were over cooked. Mine was well done (ordered rare) and hers was well (from a medium order). The waiter told us it was the lighting before finally conceding. The two tables next to us sent their food back too. Waiter reached across wife and forked her steak to put on a plate to take back... Not top tier service by any means. Manager offered us a side dish as an apology... We declined. So much for a special dinner. The one and only time Flemings has messed up a steak they comp'd.  But that's probably because it's so rare that it happens there, clearly not the case at Chris's. Pretty sad, nowhere near the hype. For $100/ea (no drinks) I'd expect better service and better quality food.
4	I work no more than 5 minutes  from this location and love their happy hour specials! Only complaint is the super slow service when sitting outside on the patio, otherwise the food and drinks are great!
5	If you like quiet, romantic dinner, then this is the spot. There were 3 of us and we ordered 3 entrees, 2 sides, and a glass of wine.  Our bill was $200+  pricey? Yes! But it was worth it. The steaks and lamb chop were outstanding, even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful. I don't recommend adding a side salad, as it's not anything significant, and it's $7-8 bucks.
5	Awesome food! We went a month or so ago for our anniversary for a steak dinner in the dining room and came back today for happy hour in the bar. They serve my favorite onion rings with a delicious and unique Asian inspired dipping sauce. Of course, the steaks are also great as are their hamburgers which are only $7 during happy hour. I would pass on the seafood.Love that they went all out with " happy anniversary" confetti to make celebrating such an occasion so much more special.
3	Went there for birthday celebration! Great service! I had a filet with shrimp on top, creamed spinach and the clam chowder soup. Tasted wonderful but my eyelids began to swell before we left - next day I could hardly open my eyes. Had an allergic reaction to something. Scary!
4	Great atmosphere, great steak. Pricey though. If too pricey for you they have a great happy hour
5	Always make my reservations through Open Table.  Our Open Table reservation notes states we are on Atkins & they listened - no bread at the table!!  We go here because it's consistently very good, service is excellent, and for our anniversary they always treat us special.  Steaks are a give in here - cooked Perfectly and slathered in butter.  Droooool!  They did give us a sugar filled treat however for our celebration so this was our splurge night and it was DIVINE!  We will be back again next year!!
5	If you have the money, it's soooo worth the $$.  Service was A+. Bread was great. Ordered the petite filet and hubby had the cowboy rib-eye. Both were out of this world. We shared the lobster Mac and cheese (excited to have that leftovers for lunch), and French fries. I actually prefer a la cart steak houses and this is a top notch choice. The vibe didn't even feel pretentious, which means that we will be back! Wish we had left over steak, but that didn't happen.
5	Happy hour!!!!!! You gotta check it out. Had an amazing meal for less that $25 that's 2 entrees and a drink. Can't really beat the price i paid for the quality of food I received. Have eaten here during regular dinner and it was delicious for the somewhat pricey amount. To eat during happy hour feel like knowing that it's WAY WAY cheaper makes everything taste better Prime burger and fries was cooked perfectly (medium rare) fries were probably not freshly made but I enjoyed them regardless. Fried lobster on a salad bed. All delicious. And worth it.
5	Great food good service crazy price. We loved it. Todd was our server and he was very nice and patient with us. He brought us drinks out on the smoking back. They didn't rush us. They open the door for us every time we went out in and out. We loved it! It was our anniversary dinner and it was a great experience.
5	There are not enough great things to say about this place. Came here tocelebrate an anniversary and it was amazing. From the atmosphere, to the service to the food. Amazing from start to finish. This was my first time here, will not be my last, and has easily won my vote for favorite steakhouse, if not restaurant. Can't wait to go again!! Thank you for making our anniversary a memorable one and we will be customers for life!
5	Oh God!! The Filet! To die for I tell you!! Get it medium done with a side of potatoes gratin and Mac and cheese! A spread for a true carnivore who likes to indulge.I hear the lobster bisque is really good too but I don't like lobster ( I know right!) So if you're into that give it a try. For dessert the chocolate cake is truly decadent.The service is what you'd expect it to be, spotless. Very helpful, informative and nice staff in a welcoming ambiance.Last tip- get the pepper sauce on your filet, trust me it just takes it to another level.
5	I have been here on several occasions. Every time it has been an amazing experience. The steaks melt in your mouth like butter. The side dishes are excellent. The last time I went was over the holidays last year and I had the pleasure of trying a bone-in filet for the first time. This was by far, hands down, the absolute best steak I have ever had. The clientele tend to be a bit pretentious, making for a somewhat stuffy atmosphere, but that is to be expected in Scottsdale I suppose. I never let it detract from the experience!
5	Best steak I think I've ever had!! We had a private room for a wedding reception dinner. They did a great job with food, and service. I highly recommend their private dinning for special occasions.
5	first time here, was for restaurant week. my husband and i both had the caesar salad, delicious. next i had the seafood trio- 5 oz lobster tail, scallops and shrimp  - very good but my scallops were over cooked a bit. my waitress offered to bring more  i said it was ok  the manager came over to talk to me about it. told him that it was just a little overcooked, it was okay, i just expected more. He wanted me to have a perfect scallop, so he ordered more for me , and they were perfect.  my husband had the steak filet and shrimp. very tender.For  Dessert I had the sin chocolate cake- and my husband had the honey cinnamon cheesecake with peach compote. I gave then 5 stars because they fixed the scallops, otherwise it would have been 4 stars
4	Food is always consistent ! Great creme brulee and scalloped potatoes service is amazing as well
5	Amazing food. Amazing service. We had a great time. I got the chopped salad which was perfect & salmon. Everyone else loved their food as well.
1	this is the third time i have made a reservation  this year for a large party.  every time we have made the reservation  you must ask.   Do you have Lamb? or do you have Filet mignon.  Every time they don't have the food on the menu.  How embarrassing when you take out a party of twelve only for an anniversary that ruth Chrissteakhouse doesn't have steak or prime rib or Lamb,  that we can have chicken?  Their excuse is that they ran out , or  they are stopping carrying LambChops. and the third was  the cattle that were  shipped was bad.  they get you in then have you order  something else  than what you went to the restaurant for. The first 2 times i thought OK  but this is the third time.  don't you think they should have someone ordering enough food?  the manager whom is a lady was very rude and could care less.
4	This was our first dining experience at Ruth Chris's. We heard rave reviews from friends and the Yelp reviews matched, so we decided to give it a try. We opted to sit outside on a beautiful evening. Not your typical patio, the tables and chairs were higher-end quality and very comfortable. With the fireplace and candles on each table, the ambiance was just right. A great date night spot ;)I'll start off by saying that the service we received was outstanding. Our server Erika was very attentive and on point with everything. As for the food...I don't know...maybe it's just me, but I don't get the whole steak-drowning-in-a-plate of sizzling butter thing. If I were to ever eat there again, I would probably request no butter because...well...a good steak is good all by itself, and I thought it altered the flavor. The sides we chose were ok...but it's kinda hard to screw up vegetables. The corn chowder and Caesar salad starters were tasty, but the desert was a bit lacking. The cheesecake is a sour cream base and served in a graham cracker bowl. The banana cream pie comes in a flaky crust topped with carmelized bananas. The presentation of both deserts looked great, but the consistencies were unexpected, a bit "soupy".Everything was good here, but to be completely honest, I've had better at lower price points. Expect to pay around $100 per person for a meal and 2 drinks here. Service (5) + Atmosphere (4) + Food (3) = overall rating (4)
2	We hadn't been there in some time but we wanted to celebrate our anniversary with a great meal and my wife loves steak.The service was great. Everyone was very friendly.The disappointment was the the steak.  Having had it before, I was expecting a very tender, melt in your mouth cut. Unfortunately, my $48 ribeye had a large section of fat and the surrounding meat a bit tough. The flavor was fine but I could have picked one just as good at Fry's.  My wife said hers was okay but not the same as the past.We will try a different place next time.
5	we ate here on 11-06-14 around 7:30 pm.  we made reservations and had no problem being sat at our table.  our server Adam did a great job!  we answered all our questions and concerns.  he made an effort to check up on us often.  the ambiance of the restaurant was very romantic.  my wife was impressed.for dinner we both ordered the ruth's classics.  i ordered the caesar salad, 16 oz ribeye (for an extra $4), and mashed potatoes.  my wife ordered the apple, walnut and bleu cheese salad for her starter.  and a 12 oz ribeye and green beans as a side.  the ribeyes were the reason why were were dining at RC to begin with.  when the kitchen staff brought us our meals it was screwed up.  i didn't bother trying to explain the mix up.  i waited for Adam, our server, and once he checked up on us he noticed too that our ribeyes were not on our plates.  he had all the food removed and brought out the correct order.  once we got our ribeyes they were good as usual.  enjoyed the size, tenderness, marbling, and flavor!  we both loved our chocolate turtle cheesecake with cranberry-pecan chocolate bark.we both had a romantic evening and enjoyed the manager taking time to talk to us because he heard we were visiting from out of town.  cool!  our bill before tip was $130.  we would definitely go back again.
5	Unreal. That's all I can say. For years we went to Outback for our Special occasions, thinking they were the place for steak. Never again can I eat a cheap sirloin after tasting what a steak should be.
5	I'm updating a five star  review with another.. I really love this place! The service is always on par. The bar, the drinks, the patio its all very comfortable and appealing to the eye. Ruth regularly reinvents itself and the dishes always have a nice southern flair. I hope they bring the french onion soup back but the lobster mac and cheese last night more than made up for it. I've had some amazing steaks here and last nights ribeye was no different. Always perfectly cooked!  Of course the manager made sure we were in good shape and we absolutely were. There is just something about the feel of this place; for me its perfect.
1	Sunday, November 23. Went to Ruth's Chris Steak House for my Mother's birthday. She had been looking forward ordering the lobster tail. Cocktails and appetizers (Carpaccio and Calamari) everything was good. When dinner arrived the lobster tail was three tiny bites, two if your a big eater! I am aware that the menu is very pricey, the restaurant is very upscale dining, and I have no qualms paying. However $68.00 for a lobster tail that would not even be large enough for an appetizer for one person! Shame on you Ruth's Chris Steak House, and your Chef as well. A good waiter would have informed us that the lobster tail was a micro meal and made another recommendation. Now here's the kicker. My brother ordered the special, "The Filet and TWO Twin Tails", $48.95. The Filet was 4-6-oz (?) and the Lobster Tails were the same tiny size as my Mothers. My brother's dinner was nice for a reasonable price, but Mother left hungry and very disappointed. Dinner for 4 people, $383.65 not including the tip.In all fairness, we had recently dined at Ruth's Chris Steak House. Maybe 5-6 weeks ago. Francisco Torres was our server. We requested him again, however he was not scheduled until later that evening. He gave us excellent service, wonderful menu and wine suggestions. The meal that night was wonderful. We were looking forward to coming back. After this last disappointing experience I am having regrets.
4	The food is good. Perhaps my expectations where too high but I didn't find it exceptional or special. I would go back but with other good steakhouses at this price point, I would choose another.
3	Was there for Turkey day. The service was impeccable the sea bass fantastic. ...the scallops not so much.. if u go get the lobster tail filet surf and turf...don't order the scallops....that item should be taken off the menu.
4	I have been to this restaurant on multiple occasions and have had all good experiences, except for the one we had yesterday. I'll preface this review with WE WILL BE COMING BACK TO THIS LOCATION.My dad found a bug in his salad, I found a hair in my chicken, and the waitress was less than attentive. Of course, the manager was highly apologetic and he comped our salads and dessert. This place understands excellent customer service and the food was superb, as always (after we got past the little speed bumps).As I said before, we will be coming back to this restaurant because I don't believe in condemning a place because of one less than satisfactory experience.
4	The food was excellent. Maybe a little too much butter, but its a once in a while meal... The food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great. We had a group dinner for the company and they were very attentive to everyone. All in all it was great experience and I would eat there again.
4	What could be better than dinner at Ruth's Chris on a weekday? Certainly breaks up the week with a special treat.  So let me tell you about my treat.  For starters, they brought us a basket with delicious bread (at least I thought so).   Warm, crusty on the outside,, soft on the inside and with soft butter they provided, it was comfort food at its best.  The bread was darker than usual so i believe it was a multigrain of sorts with kind of a "sourdougy" flavor.  I couldn't stop eating it.  It reminded me of that great bread that you get in the ARTHUR AVENUE section of the Bronx (Little Italy in the Bronx they call it) .  Amazing bread.  Some places sell it in Scottsdale and it says: "Arthur Avenue Bread" on the wrapping so look out for it and buy it if you see it.  You won't be sorry.Our orders were filet mignon and stuffed chicken.  Who orders stuffed chicken at a steakhouse?  A person who was not in the mood for beef, that's who. (that would be me)  The filet mignon arrived super rare, just the way he likes it and my chicken  was piping hot with a slightly brown top & salt and pepper topping.  I usually like my chicken browned more but, who knew, I might like it.  (See how flexible I am? )  However, I thought about how strange the "chicken" looked.  The breast of the chicken seemed huge in contrast to the smallish drumsticks.  I felt I was looking at a size zero woman with triple D implants---kind of odd looking.  It seemed like a small bird for a chicken. Was I about to eat a capon, a cornish hen, or a pigeon?  The French love pigeon you know. And there are poultry markets in Phoenix that sell them so was I about to eat one? I cut across the breast to get a sliver of the top of the breast with its mix of salt and pepper.  Found the chicken to be moist but nothing special flavor-wise.--AT ALL.  And where was the "stuffing" after all it was stuffed chicken?  I cut in deeper to find an orange -looking unmelted cheese spread.  Not flavorful and kind of strange tasting.  If it's yellow, it must be cheddar, right?  But it was not sharp enough to be cheddar.  A hybrid perhaps of some chef in the making?  I would have been happy with Boursin or even Cheez-Wiz in the center. No, not my favorite so far.  Hubby noticed my dissatisfaction and let me taste his filet mignon.  My God, it was meat from the heavenly Gods---prepared perfectly.  (Am I allowed to use the word G-d twice in one sentence?  I don't mean to be blasphemous!) The taste was absolutely, deliciously, unbelievable and TENDER, TENDER, TENDER.  So when I told him how I felt about my chicken dish, he asked:  Who orders chicken in a steakhouse _____?   You fill in the blank.  What was I to say?  He was right.  The mashed potatoes and broccoli were fine.  Somehow the mashed potatoes were not over the top although they had sufficient butter in them.  I tried salting them, but that still did not make them stellar.  Hubby didn't bother eating the potatoes.  I guess to most, those would be great mashed potatoes but butter alone does not make them great.  (unfortunately I will not be sharing  my mashed potato secrets with Ruth's Chris.  They have to figure it out for themselves.  The broccoli was good, cooked al dente just the way we like it.  BTW,  we both had salads which were fresh and consisted of a variety of greens with a balsamic type dressing.  Back to my chicken.  After eating a few bites of these large DDD breasts,  I decided not to waste my calories on it.  I would use those up on dessert.  We both decided  to order their Whiskey Bread Pudding and what a good decision that was.  Amazingly delicious bread pudding with raisins and tiny pieces of fruit in them--flavorful and moist.  It was sitting on an egg-nog/whiskey flavored yellow sauce that complemented the bread pudding wonderfully.  Now I make bread pudding and I would say that their's was 9.9   and mine is 9.5. I think theirs was better than the one I make.  Maybe it was the whiskey element.  Hubby disagreed.  He says mine was a 10 and theirs was a 9.5.  Clever man.  He know what to say so those meals can continue coming his way.   So here is my rating:  One star for service (service here is always good), one star for that amazing dessert, and two stars for that filet mignon delivered from heaven above.  I had to take one star off for THAT CHICKEN.   Please ruth's chris, rethink that stuffing and the flavoring on that chicken.  It just doesn't meet your usual standards.  Lesson learned:  Next time I go to a steakhouse, I shall order a steak so hubby doesn't call me ______________.
5	Always our favorite. Special occasion was for my lovely Wife's Birthday.  We brought our 3 kiddos for the first time and it was fantastic. Our Server was very accommodating and we found out that Ruth's actually has a KIDS MENU!! Great value for the filet and sides for kids!!! My usual Lobster Bisque, Large Filet (Med Rare) and sides of Sweet Potato Casserole, Creamed Spinach were all perfect.  Tried the suggested Lobster Mac & Cheese and that was average.
