1	Ordered a special set of Blue Orchids in advance for Valentines Day,they didnt show up until 4:15pm!Now workn the 9-5 shift,i think thats BullS**t!!!I could(Should)have brought them myself!My wife at work,watching everyones else's bouquet's pass by,got me lookn like theVday "Tool"!!! (BTW)she left at four to come home a lil early,and her coworker sent a msg that they came!!!(Proflowers.com!!!
4	I had no time to plan and was just driving aimlessly when I found this place! Don't let the outside fool you! Quality and artistry of the arrangement that I bought was outstanding. Location is perfect. 3981 E. Sunset rd. 89120. MY Valentines was pleased!! I'll be back.
5	I ordered a Thanksgiving centerpiece from Wild Orchids that was very unique. I have to say, "Great Job". I ordered a certain arrangement, and they went out of their way with a better arrangement they thought would look best. It is absolutely beautiful. On top of all that...Awesome Customer Service. Thanks to Marina & Jane. Happy Thanksgiving and keep up the great work!
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  We bought a bouquet for $50 that only lasted 2 DAYS.  I used to work in a flower shop and flowers should be lasting longer than that.  I am NOT HAPPY.  MONEY DOWN THE DRAIN
1	Buyer Beware.This company is a total rip-off. My husband asked my daughter to order flowers for me , from him  for Valentine's Day, since his isn't very good with online ordering. My daughter spoke to a Marina and requested 6 pink roses and 6 red roses mixed with Lily's.  When they were delivered to me at work the delivery guy called me by my daughter's name and I was confused thinking maybe her boyfriend had sent them to her where I work by mistake. It really didn't make any sense to me and I glanced at the order and saw my daughter had used her credit card to order them for me on her father's behalf. Ok  so the driver blew it by letting me know my daughter did all the work, but no problem, it was the thought that counts and they were so beautiful I didn't care who sent them. My husband wanted me to leave them at work to show them off to everyone , but I wanted to bring them home and am I glad I did. When my daughter saw them she didn't say anything, but they were all red roses and she had requested 6 pink 6 red. The very next day 3 of the roses were dead and 3 more were slumped over. I felt really bad for my husband since he paid $140.00 for these dead flowers. The second day I couldn't stand looking at them anymore since 6 lilies I thought would open remained closed. I told my daughter to call the florists and complain. Marina blamed us, saying roses are very thirsty and maybe the room was too warm. It has been beautiful in Las Vegas, I was not using my heat  in my home at all. Maybe the delivery car or truck was too warm. My daughter also ordered a plant and they messed up that delivery also. I am going to be 63 years old and have gotten many,flowers sent to me over the years, never has my husband paid so much for such pathetic flowers. No apology from Marina, nothing was offered to compensate us. If any of you are looking to impress or make someone happy by sending them flowers do not use this place, Customer service is awful, quality of their product is horrible, and this business does not stand behind their product at all. I will also be contacting the main company with my complaint. People save your money buy candy or use FTD. I wish I could give them a zero star, one star is to good for them.
5	Great place... Took care of me on the spot with an arrangement on Mothers Day! Super nice people ready to help you get exactly what your looking for!
