5	this place is awesome!  for 20$ you can get a pedi that lasts almost an hour.  they spend a lot of time doing a foot and leg massage.  it is sooo relaxing!  i've started taking friends/family, and they love it too.even better, the polish will last on your toes for over a month!
5	Very nice shop. Had a pedi with snowflakes for the holidays. The massage was long and relaxing. My gal was so picky about her art work that she did them botth twice! Very resonable prices, and nice atmosphere. I will be a new regular here.
5	I have been to different nail salons all over the Valley and trust me, Warner Nails is a cut above the rest.  Not only do they give great pedicures and manicures, but their massages are great!   My mom and I have been regulars there for years.  Super service and you cannot beat the price for what you get.  Highly recommend!  (and ask for Tina!)
4	A friend and I both called off work one day and went to lunch. We decided to get a pedicure to finish off our fun day off. I yelped and found this place. We just walked in and they took us right away. The chairs were comfortable, the people were super nice, and the massage was out of this world. They really give you a very good foot and leg massage. It seems like it go on forever. I had to give this place 4 stars because my friend was not happy with the paint job that was done on her toes. She said when she got home and got a closer look at them it was a poor job. The lady that did mine did a fantastic job. I had no complaints about my nail art, polish, massage or pedicure. This was weeks ago and my polish is still perfect! After they finished our pedicure I watch them clean all the tools with alcohol and put them in the autoclave massage. Very sanitary!
5	I am a regular here now, and just love these girls. Lee and Tina are the two who I see. If they get busy the guy that does the nails comes and helps. It's a real team shop. Lee is the one I spoke about in the first review. If you want to be pampered with the best leg massage and nail art come here!
3	I came here after reading the great reviews on Yelp, but it fell short of my expectations. I went with a friend, and while her guy gave her an amazing massage, my girl barely rubbed my feet. We both walked out with a paint job that looked like a 5 year old did it. Nice people, and very clean. But poor paint job and mediocre massage.
4	So if you have read any of my other post you know that I have been having trouble finding a good nail salon, well Thank you YELP and people who review!! I found Warner Nails and I have found my spot now! Whew, Thank you!! Lee was my nail lady and she was so lovely! she did a great job on my Gel Manicure and my Pedicure! It was easy to get in and nice and relaxing. Thank You Lee! see you in 2 weeks!
5	I am obsessed with Shellac manicures and the places I've gone to in the East Valley have been hit or miss so I chose to visit this place via Yelp.  Warner Nails is an absolute hit.The staff are warm and never pushy and their prices were very reasonable.  My nails have been chip-free for 2 weeks now and I'm looking forward to heading back for another mani/pedi.
2	WORST PEDICURE EVER. I was just there this morning for a full set and a pedi. The man that did my full set was patient... he had to pry off an old set as I wanted a new fresh one... and I had just gotten a fill so it took a little bit of work. My only complaint with him is that he cut me pretty good with the drill and if it hurts this much now, boy is it gonna smart tomorrow. But I do love how my nails look. Thin and shaped perfectly. The pedi however is where things really head south. She did an ok job on the scrubbing, cutting and filing but that's where it ends. When it came time for the best part, the massage, it's like she was a zombie. She barely rubbed my feet, she rubbed my shins a little bit and my knees (???) but would NOT rub my feet. Thats the part that hurts after being on them all day!!  She squeezed them, pinched my toes, slapped the bottoms of my feet but still no massage. It was like she had no clue what she was doing. Definitely the strangest experience at a salon ever. The polish job was sloppy, polish on my cuticles that she didn't clean up. WEIRD WEIRD WEIRD.  Won't be going back.
5	This review is solely for Lee.  She's amazing at pedicures.  Gets the calluses off, gives a ridiculously good massage and is a perfectionist when it comes to painting nails!  I drive from Scottsdale just to go to her.  I have gone to others here and have walked away disappointed, so call in and book an appt with Lee ONLY!  $18 for spa pedicure on Wednesdays too!  What a deal!
2	I have made an appointment here several times, and each time I still have to wait at least 30 minutes.  Everything they do is good.  It just seems like if you make an appointment you shouldn't have to wait for more than like 5 minutes.  I am currently looking for a new place because I just don't have time to waste.
5	I have been going to Warner Nails for at least 8 years now.  I moved to Gilbert and still come back to chandler. Holly and Richard, the owners, are amazing and take extreme pride in their business.  Holly is my favorite, and has always done my nails. She did a great job when I wore acrylic and still does a great job now that I just do the gel polish.  Her pedicures are also wonderful and she does very pretty nail art as well.  Lee is also very talented with a Mani/pedi.  I highly recommend this salon!
5	After going over to another salon which was packed, i walked into warner nails and was immediately  greeted with a friendly hello. There was only one other lady in the salon getting a fill when i walked in. The salon is very clean, smells nice and has lots of space. Not cramped like most salons where your on top of the person next to you. the staff are also incredibly friendly.I opted for the deluxe pedicure which was $35 but the lady gave me a $3 dollar discount and she happily met my request to add on the paraffin wax treatment for an additional charge which i was completely ok with.She took her time with the sea salt massage as well as the oil and lotion which was much appreciated. After she was finished and my nails were drying i was left to sit and take my time in the salon, i did not once get the feeling like i was taking to long.Their chairs are comfy, but could use more massage settings. all it did was roll up and down my back.I am not sure what the ladies name was that did my toes, but needless to say i will be calling this place home for all my nail needs. She did a fantastic job, and I highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	Thank you yelpers this is my very first time having yelp I used it to find the nail salon which was Warner nails at the intersection of Alma school and Warner it was probably one of the best experiences I have ever had they took me and promptly  excellent job the massage was amazing I had a pedicure and manicure and was very pleased with both the people that helped me was Linda and Holly
5	I have been coming to Warner Nails and Spa for 10 years and would never go anywhere else! The shop is always clean, appointments are always on time, the prices are incredibly reasonable and the staff is friendly, artistic and take their time with their clients. I have my acrylic nails filled every two to three weeks and they always look perfect, I get compliments on them frequently! I get pedicures here as often as I can. Their pedicures are simply amazing! They take their time and make sure that you are comfortable and relaxed. And their foot and leg massages are incredible!!!! The chairs are wonderful....you don't want to leave! I also get my brows and legs waxed here. Again, Holly makes sure that you are comfortable, takes her time and does a wonderful job! Please check out Warner Nails....they are amazing!!!! I have recommended them for years and have always has the best feedback!!..
5	I had my pedi done by Lee yesterday based on the Yelp reviews here.  Yes, she does give long massages and takes a lot of time removing callouses. Huge plus! I also liked that it was a roomy nail salon and didn't feel so cramped.  I will definitely go here again.
5	Been going here for over 10 year. Great people who do a great job.
3	Nice atmosphere, loved the leg rub. Got right in . Asked girl to clip nails shorter she didn't want to. Well it's been 1 week and their long already. I'm a runner and can't have them long. Noticed some sharp edges had to take my own file to smooth .
5	I always get the full set of nails, they do a extraordinary job, very attentive, does it flawlessly, I will not consider anywhere else in the city
4	I've been here a few times and I like that it's right up the street from where I love. On Tuesday and Wednesday they have specials on manicures and pedicures which is $5 cheaper then the original price. So far everyone I've gone they have always done a good job on my nails. The only thing I don't like about this place is it takes two people to do my nails. One lady usually does takes off the nail polish, cut the cuticles and file my nails, then when it's time to do my gel manicure another lady finishes it up. Every time I've gone this has happened and I always have to double tip which is super annoying!
5	The staff was super friendly, my sister mom and I went for a mani/pedi, we don't get them very often and we wanted to a place with a good deal. For both mani/pedi, it was only $28 and $5 more for design. I showed her a picture of what I wanted and the lady doing my nails painted them exactly how I wanted. Also my 3-yr old hyper niece was with us and they were so sweet with her, they let her sit on my sisters lap during the pedicure, rubbed her feet with a little lotion and painted her fingernails. We all had a great experience at this nail salon and I will come back for sure.
2	My nails lasted about 1 week then started chipping off (acrylics) charged me $30 for horrible quality I will NOT be back.
1	Called and made an appointment for 3 people. Waited 15 minutes before anyone started on one of us. It was not busy (2 other customers in the salon). Took 30 minutes before anyone started on the next person. If you didn't have staff to cover the 3 of us you should have told us on the phone when we called. We called AHEAD of time for a reason. Will not be back here.
