2	This is the second time I have been to this new Jimmy John's location.  I thought the first time I went there maybe they were still new and that's why my beach club was missing sprouts...not the case.  Today I ordered a beach club -unwich (hold the bread) and again no sprouts, or really much of anything.. so glad I paid $7.00 for lettuce a slice of turkey and tomatoes...my receipt says beach club...which according to the menu (and every other Jimmy John's I've been to) includes: turkey, cheese,avocado spread, sliced cucumbers, sprouts, lettuce, tomato and mayo.. eh, look at the picture and tell me what you see.  On top of that.. it was definitely not fast and no one was freakin'..more like we were all waiting around wondering when we were gonna get our overpriced, not as advertised sandwich.
5	I love this place!  Been here many times, friendly staff,  they have always been quick, and I'm always happy with the food!
3	I still would go with a Subway sub instead!! Maybe it was the service that left me wanting more, but I couldn't even find napkins at this place, and the young man that took my order rushed me through it. I will give it a second try some other time, but for now it was just OKAY.
5	Okay I have grown to love this spot!!! ** I am in a good and stable relationship with the Beach Club sub right now!!!  :) The dynamic combination of Turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and sprouts with added hot peppers and super light mayo!!! ********Oh soo delicious!!! **********PLUS!!! The staff working here is oh soo nice!!! Maybe the last time that I came here I over analyzed the place, which I sometimes do!! So I apologies for my previous review, I now know where you guys place your napkins and I'm no longer feeling pressured to make a fast order!! See ya around!!! :)
3	This place is better than the one at Desert Ridge- but it seems to have the same problem.  Good food- bad management.  There were about 6 employees in here when I came in and only 2 of them were actually doing something.
4	This place has always been good to me... Fast service and healthy options.
5	I ordered online, my husband got the bootlegger sandwich (no tomatoes, with cheese, with peppers) , and I got the Italian Club (no tomatoes, with peppers and light oil and vinegar). It was $15.50 with delivery but the sandwiches were very good and fresh.
5	Great spot. Awesome staff. Extremely fast service. Upon entering I was recognized almost immediately by a couple staff members and they made my sandwich (slim 5) so quickly that I had it at the register as I was paying. Talk about quick service! It was awesome.
2	40min for a sandwich to be delivered not mind blowing like the radio said. I order here multiple times takes at least 40 to 50 min. Kinda sad. Sandwiches are good because you have to wait for so long you get hungrier.
2	Just wow. Not like any JJ's I've been too. They fought over who would take my order. No one wanted to. After finally someone stepped up instead of a happy greeting I got not a word and after taking my order I was told the total and given my card back with a thank you or a smile. It just seemed like they were more disappoint to get a customer even though they weren't busy at all. With two order my sandwiches weren't freaky fast actually freaky slow. And the presentation was horrible. There was more outside of the sandwich than inside. With a subway right next door you would think they would be better.
3	Tasty bread and quick service.Good place for a quick lunch. I like their veggie sub, its quite tasty. My husband has liked everything he has ordered, but complains there is not enough meat.You can buy their day old bread for 50 cents a loaf. Awesome deal.
3	They were actually friendly at this location. The Scottsdale location should learn from them.
2	Disappointed that Jimmy John's skimps so much on the meat now compared to what they used to. My sandwich felt a little light walking out the door, and only found 2 slices of meat on my sub when I got home.....forced to have a second dinner. I think a handful of almonds would have been more filling. I'll pay for a sandwich that satisfies me, but won't be happy when I pay any price for one that make me hungrier.
1	I like Jimmy John's they make great sandwiches, and delivery time is awesome! But if your going to set the bar that high, you have to maintain it! The last two orders have both taken three times as long as normal, and my last sandwich was sloppy. This location needs a serious management review.
4	We order delivery for work all of the time from this JJs.  When it first opened, the kids  that worked there were so ridiculous, we didn't order for a while.  But the staff they have now is much better.  Delivery drivers are always nice and usually fast.  Unless its lunch time.  I have waited over 30 min for a sandwich but I kind of expect that during lunch rush hour.I have had to call a few times and have my sandwich remade or send me the chips they forgot.  But usually I don't have any problems.  When I do though, they fix it SUPER fast.   Their sandwiches are just REALLY REALLY good!
1	Totally agree with the person below who said they started skimping on meat! Wow what happened???When they first opened on 32nd St and E Bell Rd I was so excited, very happy they delivered!  I soon learned that my happiness was short lived by wrong orders, rude people answering the phone and overall bad management. I will say I have had such horrid service there that The district manager called and apologized and offered a free meal. He was very sincere and I appreciated that but to bad the staff at the store don't have same attitude and I never took him up on it. I refuse to subject myself to snotty sand which makers that treat you demeaning when they mess up. Never will I spend a penny there again. Very sad cause its so close but I will take the drive to jersey mikes where they are friendly and make a darn good sand which!
2	This particular location is either run by 15 year olds or a bunch of stoners. Literally every time I order from here they forget an item (or 3) and sometimes bring the wrong thing all together (like the wrong flavor of soda or cookie).I have called for refunds multiple times and I have also sent drivers back to the store for the rest of my order more than once.Why do I keep ordering from here? I suppose I keep hoping they will get it together! Plus, sometimes, the food is actually "freaky fast". Staff-- sloooow down and read the tickets. That is all.
2	Very little difference in the amount of meat you get on a regular sized sandwich versus their larger one. The lettuce is always very watery and makes the sandwiches a drippy mess.
1	Placed my order 52 minutes ago and still waiting.  I called and they said they got behind and it was on the way.  That was 10 minutes ago.  This is freaky fast?!?
3	Very polite but extremely SLOW!!!!!  The slogan is"freaky fast" but that is definitely not the case at this location.
1	Blonde day dreamed as I placed order. I said excuse me did I loose you? She giggled????!! Ordered a #3 more onions than tuna. Deer valley location better!!
