1	Took my Saturn ion to them in July for transmission problems. They had it a month and said it was fixed after spending over 2000.00 on the parts. They then charged me 650.00 for labor. After a week or two the car started acting up so I took it back. They had the car for a week and after I called them numerous times said it was a celluniod that needed replaced. They told me they would call when it was done. They never called I had to call them. They said it was fixed again. So I picked it up. I didn't even get back home when it did it again. I called them and they said to bring it back. They had it a week again and said they would call when they knew what was wrong they never called I called them. They said it was celluloid and they replaced it. I picked up the car and drove it home. Not more than a mile from the place it was doing the same thing. I called them while driving home and they said it was fixed that there was nothing wrong with it. They said if it was broken the check engine light would be on. Which it wasn't. I took the car home and it completely died on green valley pkwy. I stopped and turned it off. Then I started it again and it would go but only a few feet it died in my apt complex's gate way .I pushed it to my parking spot where it sat till it was reposed because I won't pay for a broken car. Basically I would not take my car there for all the money in the world. They are untrustworthy, unreliable, and downright shady. DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR THERE.
4	Friendliest and fastest services I ever got from mechanics. Changed my fuel pump in no time and was cracking jokes the whole time... Made the whole unpleasant situation very pleasant :) Highly recommend this place..
5	Had to leave back home to Cali and our van's brakes decided to stop working. Came across this auto shop and they said within 20 minutes they'd be able to check on it. 5 minutes later they checked the van and surely enough the front brake pads needed to be replaced and the roters resurfaced. Time given for the labor was an hour and a half and it was done minutes before! The gentlemen were really nice and speedy and they did a great job. Definitely recommend this place to the locals and tourists!
