5	Robert's work shows his artistic passion!! I love my hair everytime he styles it! (not too often you can declare that!) Easy access off the 51 and Shea. His intimate salon is charming with loads of his personality. I recommend him to everyone. Beliefs and work ethics make him a honorable business man. Thanks Robert for all the joy you bring me. Carolyn
5	This is where fine art meets the hair you've always wanted, but never had the stylist that could make it happen. Robert's wide background in hair, makeup, multiple physical art mediums lead to someone who can imagine and create the best look for anyone and at the same time listen to your expectations and exceed them. Great products, convenient location, and accommodating appointments make Robert Serge Salon a hidden gem in N.Central Phoenix.
5	Found Robert on the internet and had my first haircut this AM.  Very pleased.  I'll be back.
5	Are you ready to be the Queen or King?...Ready to be the only focus of a talented hair stylist and expert colorist and to finally relax and enjoy your beauty time...THEN.... Make your appointment with Robert Serge.  Personal service is his specialty. He will answer and/or return your call to schedule, greet & welcome you as enter his hair salon/studio and then amaze you with his TOP QUALITY service, cut, color and style!  Like details?? Have fun looking at Roberts paintings, antiques, custom jewelry and handmade natural soaps.Yes, he is a stylist, an artist...a  genuine renaissance man ! Robert creates style for individuals: classic, punk, preppy, rocker, pin-up, barbie or biker...everyone is welcome!P.S.  It's time to ditch your current over crowded, hectic & toxic salon.You deserve the BEST...So call Robert Serge now !
5	I love my hair now! Robert knows how to perfect the "surfer girl" blonde I wanted! You can expect excellence in color consult as well as hair cut and style options! Come in knowing what you want, express your likes and dislikes, Robert will create a masterpiece! It's a partnership! What I especially like is not being up sold but, having the option to purchase professional products if I choose! I can text ahead for an appointment and Robert is flexible in schedule. So glad I found someone I can trust with my hair & that  makes a hair appointment fun!  Visit the Robert Serge web page if you want to research products & services before you visit... You'll be surprised at all the high end products and services,  down to earth service, & affordability.
5	So here we go... Yep, it's another review from me about what might be considered a 'girly thing' to a lot of guys.  This time it's a salon.  I know what you're thinking: "Us dudes are supposed to go to a barber where some angry Eastern European guy can cut our hair with a hacksaw and then carve us up with a straight razor." Well - get over it.  Robert's a cordial guy that happens to give an excellent haircut. Robert charges a fair price, gives an excellent cut, and gets you in and out of the salon in a hurry.  Forget the foofy stuff at at the Scottsdale salons, forgo the crazy cheap and choppy haircut joint, and blow on past the angry barber - Robert will take care of your hair just fine!
5	Robert is a LIFESAVER! No joke! I got home late last night from a trip where I had mistakenly decided to get some highlights at an out of town salon. This morning I asked around to see if anyone knew of someone that could correct my horrible orange hair. Robert came highly recommended. I text him early this morning and he asked me to come over to the salon so he could assess the situation. He saw my distress and listened to my needs, just as the other reviewers mentioned on this site. He promptly fit me in between his clients later that day. He immediately knew what to do and fixed the issue in record time. I don't think I've been in and out of the hair dressers that fast ever and looking this fabulous. We made plans for how to get to the exact color I want in the future, even though I think my hair looks and feels wonderful now! He saved me! Will most definitely be returning! Thanks Robert!
