1	It is April 30th at 10:35am. According to their website, their yelp page, their automated phone system and their front door this place is supposed to be open at 10am.... need I say more?!
4	I have a Dyson vacuum cleaner and was referred to Sun Valley Sew n Vac when it needed repairs. I was able to drop off my vacuum without an appointment and was assisted right away upon arrival. They couldn't give me an ETR given that they hadn't examined the vacuum  yet, but said it would probably take 2-3 days based on the problem I described.I didn't hear back from them for a week so I called and they said the vacuum was ready and that they had called me, but I didn't receive a call on my end. I picked up my vacuum that same day and it's been working great so far. My iPhone has been known to not ring for some calls so I will blame my phone for now, as my overall experience with this company was positive. They are very close to where I live so I will go back, until I have reason not to.
5	I bought a Riccar vacuum here a few years ago on the recommendation of the owner, and have been pleased ever since. It was pricey, but I liked that it's made in the U.S.A. It does a fantastic job on pet hair, as promised, and has held up despite abuse. Two cleaning services injured the poor thing, and both times, I was ecstatic with the product knowledge, level of service and reasonable prices for repair. Today, I took it in because the telescoping arm was not properly telescoping (yet another user error) and it was fixed on the spot at no charge. I offered to buy the repairman an ice cream cone at Baskin Robbins next door or go get him something to eat at Trader Joe's, but he said he'd just had lunch and didn't need anything. Everyone I have ever encountered here is super nice, conscientious and smart about the products, and I highly recommend this place to everyone. If you need a new vacuum, I suggest you consider buying a good quality model here, where you can get excellent service and keep it for the long haul instead of replacing it every couple of years, as I used to do.
