5	I went here for a teeth cleaning/x-ray because I knew I was in desperate need of a cavity being filled.  Everyone there was extremely knowledgeable and nice.  After the first appointment, where he confirmed my beliefs that I had a cavity, the doctor briefed me on all the possibilities that could occur so I felt extremely informed going into my second appointment where I actually had to have cavities filled.  It was a fairly deep cavity with absolutely no pain whatsoever.  They seemed to be very thorough and I could not have asked for a more pleasant experience (as pleasant as one can have while getting a couple cavities filled)....
5	I would like to personally commend Fox Chapel Family Dental for their excellent response and attention to treating my son.  My son, who is away at college, called early on a Saturday morning and told us that both of his front teeth were severely damaged, and as you can imagine my husband and I were extremely distraught.  We knew he must see a dentist as soon as possible, but were unsure how that was going to happen on a Saturday.  Thankfully, one of the nurses at UPMC gave him Fox Chapel's number and Dr. Marc Johnson called him back immediately to schedule an appointment for that day.We sincerely appreciate the immediate response and dedication to treat our son off hours. Dr. Johnson went above and beyond and it is an indication of his professionalism.We never would have thought that by the end of the day he would have temporary teeth in place. He currently has an appointment scheduled for the permanent crown repair.Once again, we are really appreciative of Dr Marc Johnson's and Fox Chapel's commitment to their practice.
5	I had not been to the dentist in a very long time.  After going I was told I needed quite a lot of work done.  I have done one appointment and have one to go and have nothing but praises for Fox Chapel Family Dental.  I can not recommend them enough and hope that you do yourself a favor and choose these guys and girls as your dentist of choice.
