4	Eden is quite deceptive - it looks like it's going to have hordes of hippy dippy gifts, which might interest some people but not so much me. Upon entering, there was certainly that free spirited vibe - they were playing the Cocteau Twins and the shop keeper was really relaxed. But that only made for a better browsing experience (and I LOVE the Cocteau Twins so I was happy). Yes, there are loads of carved wooden ornaments and chairs, hanging beads and dream catchers, but there are also some lovely rustic homewares, trendy candles and some truly gorgeous ornate wrapping paper. They have a range of cards and some lovely stuff for the kitchen, including plaid patterned coat hangers and pretty ornaments.So even though it has the 90s hippy vibe, there is more variety than you may think if you care to enter. The shop assistant was absolutely lovely and her laid back approach left me free to browse to my heart's content. I came out with cactus candles which are awesome but too nice to burn!
4	Boasting the biggest selection of Edward Monkton stuff I think I have ever seen in one place, this shop is ideal if you are stuck on a gift. It is sort of a mixture of a hip fashionable gifts and a more grown-upish stylish gifts. I am a particular fan of the Japanese light shades and the fun fairy lights. They have a lovely selection of wrapping paper as well. Granted a lot of the stuff would just collect dust on your shelf but I can usually find some neutral gift here without breaking the bank.
3	Eden is a place that is perfect for finding a new-agey gift item, piece of furniture or accessory.  I was impressed with the stock that they had on offer, and though it was probably out of my price range, I can appreciate why people would pay for the things they offer.There's a healthy range of scented candles and other smelly things, as well as gift cards and wrapping paper.  In fact, this shop probably has everything you'd need to make someone happy with a warm fuzzy gift.This is probably the sort of place that's going to appeal more to women, who will no doubt spend a long time picking up little trinkets to beautify a house or flat.  However, as a man, some of the stuff did appeal.  I emphasise the 'some' here, as some of the other things made no sense to me as why anyone would want them.  Each to their own I guess!Another good find on Cockburn Street, which is seemingly the place to go in the centre of town for niche stores!
4	This is a crafts store with a good selection and decent prices.Some of the selection are somewhat harder to find elsewhere, which surprises me because I would not expect to find a place like this at the busy, touristy Cockburn Street . I have to say many items are also in Crate-and-Barrel stores back in the states, with one exception: it's cheaper here by about 20%. So, if middle class craft items appeal to you, you might be in luck.I know many of these items appeal more to women then men; but I know what my girlfriend likes and this stores has stuff that would make her heart melts. The peacock feather pattern centerpiece bowl is beautiful and is hard to find elsewhere (tell her it's made from recycled glass and she will faint at your brilliant and yet environmentally-conscious mind :-).  I would definitely give it a check-out if there is a chance.
5	I was pretty surprised at the rating scores for here, but then again I have only be once, so when I return if it isn't as magical as I remember then I will change my review. But my opinion so far is that I love it here.It is full of fun little trinkets and things for your home. I spent quite a while walking around looking at everything, and bought a couple things to decorate my room with. Much like my reviews of JOE and Clemetine, if you need a gift for someone then visit here for inspiration and you never know what you'll come away with.
