5	Does this make my butt look big?I'm Asian.  So when it comes to clothes, that pretty much means nothing fits right.  Pants are always too long.  Shirts are too baggy.  Thus, I have three options: (1) look like I don't know how to dress myself; (2) get everything custom made or; (3) get off the rack items tailored.Having done all three, I far prefer option #1.  It's cheap, easy, doesn't require some random person getting intimate with me and I can wear anything I want.  But, apparently, society frowns upon me strutting about in undergarments.  Not that I would know...Anyway, I had the misfortune of being friends with a clothier who fit me with great custom shirts and suits.  Unfortunately, this route was costly and my budget became allergic to my tastes, which brought me to Newt.  Now, whenever I buy any new clothes, I visit Newt for an adjustment.  It costs $32 per dress shirt to shorten the sleeves and taper the sides.  Sounds pricey, but there is actually a lot of material that gets cut and she sews it back up using the same stitching...other places don't or charge a lot more for that.  For pants, I pay $10 to hem the inseam, but I don't remember how much to take in the waist.  The costs really add up, but its still far cheaper than having custom clothes made and infinitely better than looking like the slob I normally am.Now if only someone would teach me how to color coordinate...
5	Amazing neighborhood place for tailoring. Have brought in many dress pants to cut out excess fabric and sew back pocket shut. Really, I don't know any ladies who put stuff into back pockets of dress pants! Until designers get that, I will be a fan and happy customer here.
5	After a mall visit, my boyfriend and I were looking up on YELP for the nearest tailoring place and came across Newt's. It is located behind Jack In The Box on Gibson Road. We went into this small shop and right there, my boyfriend asked for tailoring for a suite he just purchased. The nicely dressed man that works there got his measurements and asked Newt (Asian lady behind the suing machine/ owner) for a second opinion. She advised my boyfriend that his pants were perfect fit! (thanks Newt for advice!) After a few minutes which seemed like seconds, they estimated the cost of jacket alterations and made sure we would be able to pick 4 days after drop off and ready for the event we had to attend 4 days later! my boyfriend was pleased with the tailoring and alterations and he got exactly what he was looking for. I also inquired for two dresses that run big on me and Newt said to just bring them in and she'll take a look. I haven't gotten to it, but I sure will give it a try! Speedy and precise service!
1	These people screwed up our order so badly. We needed some slacks hemmed and we went the extra step and brought in a picture of exactly how the hem was to look and a measurement to use.   No brainier right?WRONG! They reversed the order and basically ruined these $160 slacks. How does this happen? Is there such a thing as too much information or too much attention to detail? What language do I need to speak if pictures cannot explain?
5	First I brought in a couple of dresses that needed to be taken in a little. Newt and company are friendly and polite and very professional. I appreciate having a nice private dressing room to change as well. Some places you get a closet in the lobby!They had everything done in two weeks and my dresses fit perfectly! They passed the test.Next, I brought in my vintage wedding gown that also needed the shoulders taken in, bra strap holders added and a few minor repairs. Again, wonderful service and my dress looked smashing at the wedding.The DH says he wants to bring in some suits for tailoring so we will see how they do with men's clothing, but based on previous experience and reviews I feel confident he will look great!
5	I came in with my suit I haven't worn since my senior year in high school which was  very baggy on me in all ways possible. The salesman and tailor were very nice and kind people. Honestly, it was the first time I ever had anything altered. Only disappointment is this place isn't named "Newt's Suits." That really would've been great. I'd definitely go here again.
5	I've been losing weight for the past two years, so I've been in need of exceptional tailoring so I can avoid buying new clothes. I've taken in over 10 pairs of pants and at least three suits to Newt's. Everything has been done professionally and well. Charlie is the always well-dressed gentleman at the front and he's alway polite and helpful. Newt is the master tailor who does the work in the back. Even when I ask for something to be done, Charlie and Newt sometimes recommend lesser cost options that are just as good (such as moving a button which they did for no extra charge, versus letting out a suit jacket which is $25) and I really appreciate that. Now when I but a new suit some where, I don't even bother with the "in-house" alterations, I just take it to Newt's and they do everything up right.Highly, highly recommended.
5	Came to Newt's on a last minute expedition to get a shirt and vest tailored for my wife's birthday.  The staff was extremely helpful and they were able to make my clothes look fantastic.  I will definitely be coming back.
1	This place is a joke! not only was my stuff not done on time, but than they added extra charges! come to this place if you want over priced late alterations. this place has terrible service and is shady and unethical.
5	Exceptional skill. Family run business with great attention to detail.  I've had numerous items tailored here. We also purchased a quality suit for our son. You won't be disappointed.
1	I was looking for a dependable place to get my wedding dress and my maid of honor's dress altered.  One of my friend recommended this place since she used it in the past and she said service was good (later learned that it was a simple hem).The husband and wife are friendly, and they have a cute doggy named Lily.  But that's about it.  The work is...not that of a 'MASTER TAILOR' as noted on her business cards.  The MOH dress was promised to be done a certain day, but when we arrived, we found out that the dress has not been worked on.  Dress and ribbon was still in its original form as when we first dropped it off.  Newt clearly didn't write down the details of what needed to be done during the consultation.  On top of that, I had prepaid for all the work that needs to be done!  So anyways, we came back a week later to pick it up.  Incompetency was revealed when we asked for a particular spot to be hemmed, she quickly said that she couldn't do it.Now onto my wedding dress.  The day came for me to come by to try it on.  Well, after I put it on, there was a 'pouch.'  We asked Newt if she can get rid of the 'pouch' since it was definitely not me having the pouch.  She said no she cannot.  Incompetency #2 was revealed then.Are you freakin' kidding me?  A week until my wedding and I am stuck with this unflattering dress and a so called Master Tailor can't do a damn thing about! My MOH came to the rescue.  She called her tailor, referred me, I walked in, less than a week later, I had a custom fitted dress that doesn't have a pouch.  It was the same dress that Newt cannot altered, but Almasa at Europin was able to work her magic.  Conclusion: Tailors should be certified before they can use "Master Tailor."  In this case, I will never ever go back to Newts for anything.
5	Great work done super quickly.  I highly recommend this place.
5	I really like this place.  I have to wear a lot of suits for my job but I'm short so every time I get a new pair of pants I bring them here.  When I go, Newt has me try on the pants and then step in front of the mirror and he pins them to the desired length.  That's how he knows how short to make them.  Three pairs of pants hemmed cost me $32 I think.  The job is always done quickly and correctly.  I've taken three different sets of clothes and when I picked them up they were all altered to my satisfaction.
4	One of my favorite hoodies had a pocket that needed to be sewed up, so I took it to them.  They did a great job fixing it. The downside is, that it took them a week.  It looks like they stay busy.  But, I didn't need it back right away.  I would definitely use them again, if I needed something altered.
5	My husband and I have been going here for 10years we love them so much. Newt is the best tailor we have ever found. Honest, reasonable, flat out amazing. We left Vegas 6 yrs ago. But every year we come back we have to rent a car to get more suits for my husband. We scheduled beginning of our trip around buying new suits with Newt tailoring ability. She is amazing....
5	I've never had to get alternations for a dress before so I'm not sure price wise where this place falls.I needed to remove at least 4 inches off my one strap layered bridesmaids dress. I've heard disaster stories before so I was really concerned and on top of needing to remove so much I was concerned of how it would turned out.  Preparing that it may take a while I went to them about 3 1/2 weeks before I had to fly out for the wedding.  I asked if 2 weeks would be enough time and when I come back if any additional alternations needed would a week be enough time?  The gentleman said yes that will work.  I tried on the dress one of the gals pinned me up and then I took it off.  The gentleman told me it would be $50 bucks. I said no problem.  I came back 2 weeks later the dress was ready, I tried it on and it was still a little loose at the chest area so they asked if I can come back tomorrow to pick it up but I was out of town and said can I stop in on Monday? No problem.  I came back on Monday the issue was fixed! I paid the $50 and left a happy customer and knowing I didn't need to worry about my dress.  thank you thank you!  Next time I need any alternations I will be back!
