4	If you are a cat owner that is suffering from a cat that is litter box challenged, this review could be advantageous.  First hand I was suffering from having a cat that was defecating anyplace but the litter box. I tried all kinds of litter and moving the litter box to other locations.  Everything I tried worked to no avail.  It was Department Manager Wendy at the Eastern at Serene Walmart that recommended Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract.  She let me know that they sell it at Petco and Petsmart. Knock on wood, Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract alleviated the problem of the cat defecating outside the litter box.  It was just recently that Petco opened a location on the southwest corner of Green Valley at Horizon Ridge Parkways in the recently built Target Shopping Center. It sells Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract. This location is close to the Eastern at Serene Petco. It has without doubt taken some of the business.  Between the two Petcos, I have had a more favorable shopping experience at this location. First off it is new. Petco has improved the layout. walking from the parking lot to the entrance is less hectic. It is a football throw from New York Chinese Restaurant and Walgreens. It is a short walk to Target. Walking in this parking lot, I do not feel like I am going to get run over. Petco eliminated the big box look of the exterior by making it look like a barn. Inside there are employees that ask you if they could help you. I counted three on my visit. At the other location I had to look for somebody. When I would find them they would be helping somebody that found them before me.  Petco would be smart to promote Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract. It is a necessary item that keeps cat owners from having to suffer from cats defecating outside the litter box. This is Petco's goose that laid the golden egg. It's unfortunate that Walmart Department Manager Wendy is the one aware of it.*Please keep it in mind that every situation is different.  If it does not work the package states it will refund your purchase.
4	We've always been customers of Petco. We like the layout and the products they carry. Of course you can find some of the products cheaper elsewhere but we're fans of "one-stop-shop". One of our dogs comes here for his monthly wash and brushout, they ladies are great with him. They also have a woman who is "certified" for cats, didn't know you needed to be certified but I guess it's a good idea. Friendly staff and a great dog trainer too!
1	So this is a review for the grooming part not the store. I originally wanted to go to a place right up the street from my house called sloppy kisses but called and said they no longer did grooming and really didn't recommend anyone. But I figure Petco has a big retail name and high standards so lets just give it a try well here is my horror story:I called at 10 am on a Saturday to see what the prices were and how long does it take. The gave me the info and it seemed reasonable so I said "Can I make an appointment?" Which I was replied just come in but it will take 2-3 hours due to it being a Saturday.So I showed up at 10:30 am and then proceeded to wait 3 mins for the person in front of me to finish. I wanted my small papillon to get a bath and a trim. Well she then wanted to sell me on the spa package with scents and other junk. I know I have a small little designer dog but he was a rescue and has very sensitive skin. So I just said no. He just has sensitive skin and needs the oatmeal shampoo. Well then I decided to get his nails trimmed and ended up having to buy that package because it was cheaper and they brush their teeth too. I was all good about it, he had never been to the groomers because I am a do it yourself person. He needed the cleaning after the winter.So I dropped him off and she said since you are doing all that 3 hours. I will call you, and I walked out at 1045 am. So I had to go to work at 1 and he still wasn't ready. I called and just asked if I could come down and pay and my mom would pick him up when he is done. So I did and then gave them my moms contact number.Well I noticed at 5 pm that I had received no information, so I called my mom and said did you pick him up? No, OK well then have they called? She said no. So I called and spoke with the and they said oh we have just been so busy give me an hour. So my mom comes in at 530 pm because it is just ridiculousness to have a dog who simply needs a bath and scissor cut and a nails clipped to be there more then 4 hours let alone 8. Again we where told no not yet. So finally at 615 pm he was done. He went all day no water! no food!! no pee breaks!!! This was the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AT ANY PLACE!! What made it worse was that this was my first grooming experience, I mean I know its Petco but I work for a major retailer too live up to some sort of company expectations.So all in all I would give it a 0 if I could. THIS GROOMING CENTER IS HORRIBLE DON'T TAKE YOUR DOGS THERE!! The whole experience has left a bad taste in my mouth and now I am shopping at a local mom and pop pet store who has recommend a groomer for next time.
3	This is not a big Petco. It's like the neighborhood walmart version of the big box store. I come here for the convenient location but like any Petco, I find their prices to be high. I'm a member of their rewards club but have yet to benefit from it. Overall they have a good selection and the store is organized well. The staff I've met is friendly. It's not a specialty store so don't expect the staff to know a lot about exotic pets. It's a place to stop by if you happen to be in the area, but it's not a destination pet shop.
5	They always are excited to see me and my dog. Since they gave a small number of employees they stop and want to talk to us, see how we are doing.  The only problem is that some times they don't know what's going on in the store.  For the training staff,  Kim is amazing.  She cares and really wants you and your dog to succeed to be perfectly trained.
2	I was a little disappointed in this store. It's fairly small and the selection isn't as big as I would have liked for kitty supplies. The location is amazing, since it's right by where I live, but if you are looking for specific items, this may not be the place. Go to a bigger Petco or Petsmart. The people working were friendly enough, and there are adoptable cats right next to the checkout if you are intersted. I wanted to take one home with me when I went.
3	Average for a Petco.  I buy some of the frozen raw food to mix with my dog's kibble, but this particular store disappointed me.I went to buy a bag of food on May 4, 2014.  Fortunately I checked the expiration date and found it expired in November 2013!  I understand some foods may expire as they sit on a shelf, but 6 months expired?  Yikes!
4	I went back and tried again.  All the food in the freezer was fresh with 6+ month expiration dates.  Bought a big bag and my doggy loves it.  What my doggy loves, I also love.
1	I called early this morning to get an appointment today for my dog to be washed & groomed. I got him there a little early and went over the paperwork with "Tiff." I specifically asked her, and was charged for, the medicated shampoo because my dog has allergies. More on that later. She told me that he'd be ready before 5. I called at 4:40 and she said he was not done & that she would call me a little after 5. Well, we had another errand so we thought we'd just go do that & then go pick him up without waiting for her call. When we got there at 5, he still hadn't even been started yet!!! Why would they make an appointment for me at 12:30 knowing that they were overbooked and slammin' busy????? So we waited. When he came out he tail was still not cut short enough and there were numerous places that had fur sticking out that should have been cut. His eyebrows are totally uneven and now I have to trim him myself. AND NOW FOR THE WORST PART.... He came out smelling of some horrible, nauseating spray!!! I specifically told her that he had allergies & that's why I requested the allergy shampoo. Doesn't anybody listen??? My poor dog has been rubbing his face on the carpet all night and now needs another bath. I will never use this place again. 5 hours is way too long for a shampoo & groom!!! Thanks for nothing "Tiff!!"
1	DO NOT ENTER!  I always feel so frustrated when I have to write a negative review!  But I just can't keep quiet.  Enter into the world of harassment!!  You can not walk into the place without being bombarded with some kind of suggestive selling.  Don't let them fool you with "what is your dogs name?",....as this is the lead into "Buy my training classes!!"  NO matter how often you enter the store, the employees will follow you and hound you into buying stuff...grooming...toys....fish....  leave me alone!  Long lines with a manager Genessa (SP?) who wont budge from her seat in the back to help out with long lines!  Provided you can pry her from facebook and her cell phone......I continually see her eye rolling when customers look away, she is just rude and a sad presentation for a leader!  Shame on Petco !!If you find yourself in an absolute bind and no other resources available enter the store and ONLY talk to Blake...he is realistic in his selling, compassionate and informative.  After a year of shopping at your store, and dodging the staff....all I can say is.....Sorry Petco, you loose!  I will support a more expensive locally owned pet store or Pet smart before I walk in and get attacked by your staff!
