5	My coworkers and I eat lunch here 2x a week! It's really good, and pretty quick to get in and out of if you arrive before 11:30. The food: Salads made to order (nicoise, crispy chicken, salmon caesar, and my favorite.. chicken with berries). Delicious Sandwiches (recommend california with turkey, bacon, avocado and melted cheese)SoupsPastaBasically very high quality awesome tasting american food in a sort of cafeteria setting. Staff is incredible. Friendly and constantly refilling your drink, offering to get you whatever.. awesome. Sadly the staff here is far better than the staff I've encountered lately at 5 star restaurants.. only difference is most of the staff here doesn't have the requisite plastic surgery.
5	Nestled in the third floor among overpriced clothes you'll find one of the best cafes in all of Las Vegas.  Even though, it's just a cafe, this restaurant is up to par with some of the 5 star restaurants here in town.  My boyfriend and I were aimlessly walking throughout the mall when we stumbled upon this place.  We weren't too hungry but we figured we'd just get a bite to eat.  We couldn't resist ordering everything because many of their plates were on display.  There's something for everyone's appetite - salads, pizzas, deli sandwiches, panini sandwiches, salmon and SO much more.  I settled for the Mixed Berry Chicken Salad - a mix of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, mixed greens, goat cheese and candied walnuts and my boyfriend ordered the Fresh Herb Roasted Salmon - it included tons of grilled vegetables: potatoes, zucchini, carrots, bellpeppers and corn.  I was impressed with their servings condsidering their plates were just $10-13.  Their service was awesome, too.  The server was really friendly and  came by every so often to check up on us and fill up our glasses.  Great food, great prices, great service.  I can't wait for my next visit!
4	During my last day in Vegas I was pretty tired of shelling out $25-30 per meal for something mediocre so I thought of walking across my hotel to Fashion Show Mall to find the Nordstrom's Cafe. The prices are the same as your home Nordstrom's, and the choices are great! You can get a large sandwich to share for $8.50 or one of their hearty soups for $4/bowl, $3/cup.If you want something quick and easy like a sandwich without the Vegas pricetag, come here!
4	The food was good, and light.  It felt healthy.  I had the grilled cheese and a cup of tomato soup.  When my grilled cheese came out, it was a bit too black/cooked, so I sent it back.  They had replaced it pretty quickly, and it was good.  The tomato soup was good too.  It was a nice place to take a break from shopping.  My roommate got a chicken salad of sorts and she liked hers as well!
5	Shhh...don't tell anyone this place is great...hidden in plain sight. The food and the prices are the same as every other Nordstrom Cafe around the country.
4	I can't believe this place is not reviewed enough. This is one of my favorite brunch places in Las Vegas. The view is fantastic and the lunch choices is top notch. There is a great selection of soup, sandwiches, salad and pasta to choose from. For $10-15 a person you're guaranteed to get your money's worth in terms of food, service and decor.
4	good food, reasonable price, nice decor.  i had the salmon with grilled veggies and everything tastes good.i would have given five stars, but this is a cafe rather than a restaurant.  u carry a tray and stand in line to order your food.  also it was a long walk from the entrance to the farthest corner of the Fashion Show Mall to get here.
4	The cafe at Nordstrom's offers good food with a luxurious ambiance that you come to expect at Nordstrom.  The food is reasonably priced and the service is also good.  Definitely, a go to spot in the fashion show mall.
5	This cafe was a pleasant surprise and hidden far away from the rest of the mall on the top floor of Nordstroms.  The atmosphere was relaxing, which was a blessing after spending a delerious part of the afternoon in the fashion show mall.This cafe is essentially a cafeteria, but with much better food and all made to order.  I had an excellent grilled salmon nicoise salad, which the salmon was perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.  The dressing was very tasty but not overwhelming and didn't drown the food.I finished with a giant chocolate dipped macaroon, which was excellent.  Moist and not overly sweet.  I could barely get through half of it.The food is much better than some of the tourist-trap restaurants on the strip for much less, and it's a good get break from the crazy strip and annoying tourists.
5	5 stars for a cafe in a department store!The menu selection is above & beyond anything I would have ever expected to come out of a mall. The Tomato Basil Soup with the Parmesan Crostini is so delicious. Definitely the best Tomato Basil I've ever had! Mixed Berry Salad with Chicken is my favorite salad. It has strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, candied walnuts, blue cheese & mixed greens tossed in a raspberry vinaigrette with chilled chicken. So good. I'm normally not too huge on blue cheese in my salads, because its such a dominant flavor- but with the berries, it neutralizes the sweetness. OKAY, & the best part of all...they have Creme Brulee! Very, very good Creme Brulee. Definitely the cherry on top of a great meal! Now that I have my own mouth watering, I will stop talking about food & let you know that the service is wonderful! Its kind of self service in the sense that you pay for your food, get your drink & pick a seat. From there- a server will bring your food out to you & refill your drink. I have never met anyone less than pleasant at Nordstrom Cafe- fine dining service in a casual dining environment. So next time you find yourself starving while shopping at the Fashion Show- ditch the food court & head over to the 3rd floor of Nordstroms where the cafe is nestled behind the teen clothing section.
5	First off not all Nordstroms Cafe are created equal. They all have different menus depending on their region. The Las Vegas menu doesn't change much, but they will offer a "special" on occasion. We like their menu, it's simple & consistent. The runners are attentive & very helpful...especially with our children. I can honestly say we haven't had a bad experience...yet. (knock on wood) The roasted chicken with roasted vegetables,, caesar salad with parmesan chicken, tomato basil soup...are all good.  And I never had a crappy bowl of Mixed Berries...they sell out fast. The kids cheese pizza is always good...says the kids. Go give it a try...good service & great menu. If you don't try it...thats fine with us, We don't want it too crowded.
5	I have gone here so many times and have been waiting to write a review.  Tonight, a friday night in which I have the cough and have nothing else better to do, is the night when I want to share with other yelpers the awesome-ness of this cafe.I never really liked salad.  To me, it's too boring.  Boy was I wrong when I gobbled down the Mixed Berry Salad with chicken.  Now I have the love for this salad.  The combination of the different berries (strawberries, blackberries and raspberries), candied walnuts, crumbled blue cheese, mixed with lovely fresh greens and blackberry champagne vinaigrette over it is amazingly refreshing.  People who loves berries must try this.  oh so GOOD.I've tried the tuscan chicken entree and the chicken I had was juicy and nice.  It comes with grilled veggies (potatoes, carrots, zucchinis and red bell pepper).  My bf ordered another time, and he said his chicken was dry though.  That sucks for him, but I enjoyed my food, please see below.I had the.....drum roll please...GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH w/TOMATO BASIL SOUP!!!!!yep yep, from the kid's menu, but i don't care.  It's super yummy to me.  I had the sourdough bread, in which you have the option of them making it using wheat bread.  The kid's meal comes with a drink (i chose oj) and a bowl of fresh fruit.  Guess how much does my favorite meal cost at this awesome cafe?  under $5 bucks!  Their cookies are very big and good as well.  They are soft and chewy.  I had their triple chocolate brownie, it was decent, not something that i would order again though.  I have also tried their lemon bar.  It was refreshing.  My bf ate it and said it taste like a soap bar, but again, lemon isn't his flavor, why did I even bother to shove a piece down his throat...BECAUSE i want him to taste the yummy stuff that I taste.  O well, i will not waste anymore yummy stuff on someone who doesn't know how to savor lemony stuff.  Which means...MORE FOR ME!!!The end of the meal, they give you chocolate mint sticks, which are fabulous, icing on the cake for me.  Yum Yum Yum...
4	The service here is impeccable.  It is nice and quiet, and a good place to go to if you want to chat with a friend.  Or, sit down after an exhausting shopping day and you want to avoid the horrible food court at the Fashion Show Mall.The tomato basil soup is to die, and the wild mushroom ravioli is so so good.
4	The cafe is located on the second floor. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The main reason I love coming here is to order the mixed berry chicken salad. Mixed Berry Salad with Chicken has strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, candied walnuts, blue cheese & mixed greens tossed in a raspberry vinaigrette with chicken. I love it. The Nordstrom Cafe at home in Hawaii but it does not carry this salad. The vinaigrette dressing is a bit tart so I like to get it on the side since you never know if the person making the salad has a heavy hand or not. Other than that, this place has all my usual Nordstrom Cafe favs like the tomato basil soup. ^_^*~
4	I love to shop and what better place to shop than the fashion show mall? So while wearing myself out shopping till i drop I always do a pit stop here at nordstroms and today was nothing different. One of my favorite things here is their soup. Tomato basil is always there while everyday they change the other option to a "soup of the day." Between the pumpkin soup and the spicy asian veggie I don't know which one could be my favorite. Lucky for me everytime I happen to drop on in he spicy asian veggie is on tab. (woohoo for my taste buds.) It happened to be the lucky one today so I was a happy lady. I ordered a small cup to get me by while sharing a nordie cookie with my mom. (think a giant fluffy cookie all with chocolate chunks, coconut, and macadamia nuts. all for $1.95!) The cup of soup goes for $3.50 while a bowl goes for $4.50. Talk a bout a cheap lunch and something a little better than the food court. If soup isn't your fancy than I would recommended anyone of the pizza's or panini sandwiches.The service here is always lovely. They are always smiling. (or maybe my excited smile for my soup just catches on!) They are always willing to help and fill your drinks for you. Also the little dessert chocolate mints they give you at the end are pretty awesome. I'm a fan of them.
5	There are numerous reasons to admire Nordstrom's Cafe; It's semi "need to know someone who knows where it is" location, brick oven pizzas and calzones, and a menu that's always a little different from your previous visit. They have a small selection, but everything is amazing and freshly made: Panini's, salads, pizzas, pastas, and soups are their main fair with great desserts as well. You could blind pick anything they offer and be pleased with your choice.If they're available, I suggest the Calzone or the Salmon meal.Also a plus, they serve beer! Never a bad thing. They also have a quasi waiter service which will provide you drink refills and take away your plates. The staff is always nice and attentive, and the joint its self is typically busy, but never busy enough to cause you to wait.If you're in the Fashion Show and need some grub that's worth a damn, definitely skip the food court and head to Nordstrom's Cafe on the third floor of Nordstrom's.
5	Wow great place to get a good meal and a good price within all the craziness of Las Vegas.
4	Somewhat like Panera, but so so much better.My chicken pesto panini was great, though I wish they had honored my request to leave out the tomatoes.  Chocolate chunk cookie was delicious & just what I was craving.The service is what makes it though.  Seriously, I can't remember how many times our server filled our water glasses.  Much better than what I was expecting.
4	Omg im so full!!!The salad was awesome here!!I got the chicken and artichoke salad!The grilled cheese sandwich is good too :)
4	I love this cafe. What I love about this place the most probably is the location. I love to eat here when I'm too lazy to walk all the way to the other side of the mall where the food court is located. This hidden eatery is located on the 3rd floor in between the home and junior sections of the department store.They serve a variety of gourmet salads, sandwiches, pastas, pizzas and pastries. The prices are on the pricier side, but I feel the quality and taste of the food are worth it. I always end up with the chicken tomato alfredo with penne pasta. But my absolute favorite is the Roma tomato basil soup. I think I like it the best because it comes with this unbelievable parmesean crostini. *Ask for an extra and they are happy to oblige. If you end up liking the soup, you can always pick up a jar to take home. Too bad they don't sell those crostinis as well. (at least that I know of, I've never asked).
4	Delicious food but very expensive .  It's a nice place to eat if you want to treat yourself to a upscale lunch while doing some shopping in fashion show mall.
4	Wow, really love their tomato soup. If you love basil.. then add extra!! Always get this when I'm shopping and passing by. It's really hidden so as you walk in Nordstrom, ask someone for directions. I have tried a few sandwiches and they have Republic of Tea!! Yay. The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because of the price. Very pricey. But if you're passing by, its worth a try.
5	I did not even read the reviews from my yelp friends - Mamie P. and I did some shoe shopping and realized it was after 3:30 PM and we had not eaten anything since breakfast!We knew the mall options near Nordstrom are limited, so we went upstairs to check out the cafe.  We both ordered the nicoise salad with salmon, and we both licked our plates CLEAN!it was soooo ridiculously tasty!  I have never been a cold nicoise fan and I especially don't like cooked tuna much, but it looked good so we went with it.  I've got to honor my French heritage a little.Indulgence!  Fresh field greens, basalmic dressing, hidden tasty treats like capers and kalamata olives, tomatoes, red onion, hard boiled egg, HOT potato wedges, haricort verts, and this deliciously herb-y and garlicky salmon!  YUMMMMM seriously.  and a yummy little crouton to go with it!I was totally impressed and would definitely come back for lunch and to try more salads.  The prices are reasonable too!
5	I can't believe I've never written a review about Nordstrom Cafe, saying that it is one of my favorite spots! Aww, their tomato soup holds a special place in my heart. The atmosphere is calm and peaceful w/sounds of jazz in the background. The people are especially pleasant and always around when you need them. Prices are pretty reasonable, but if your a lil on the broke side order the cheese pizza or the grilled cheese/tomato soup off the kids menu, they're enough for an adult, but the price for kids :) I love the variety of quality food and the deserts are out this realm!! If you go out there, you have to of course try the tomato soup, but the raspberry almond bar is quite deelish!
5	Loved the corn on the cob.  Best I've ever had.
5	The best salmon salad I ever had. A surprising, delicious lunch option at this end of the mall. The most delicious food for an impatient, hungry shopper. So happy Lisa L and I gave it a try.
5	Better than South Coast Plaza Nordstroms Cafe.
5	For the price the food is awesome.  I had the skirt steak chimmichuri ($13.50)and creme brulee ($5).  Both were delicious.  The service could have been better.  I had never been here and am still unsure if the waitstaff gets you drink refills or if you get them yourself--I was never offered a soda refill.  I figured if they did nothing more than bring my food to me initially then no reason to leave a tip right?--I mean Carl's Jr. brings your food to your table and I never leave a tip there.  The server does come by half way through your meal to leave a little tray with mints and a thank you buisness card--I guess this is asking for a tip?  Aside from my confusion if this is self-service or semi-wait serviced I enjoyed the food so much I'm still giving it 5 stars.
5	I can't help it. I love this place. I've been here dozens of times over the years and my two aunts (shopaholics) make a point to come here everything they visit from LA. Not sure why, I'm pretty sure they have one there, but it's a requirement on all their visits. Maybe ours is just that much more awesome. I love the pastas, the paninis are pretty awesome, and their salmon ANYTHING is always fabulous. I love the pear/almond bars too. You can't shop on the third floor of Nordstrom and not be tempted by this amazing place. It's like a desert mirage in the middle of a department store.
4	Now I like this place.  I can get a cup of soup and half a sandwich.  Perfect!  The selection is  nice and although a bit dark the atmosphere is nice.  The fact that you can seat yourself is great.  If there's a booth available the staff don't look at you funny if you're with only one other person and you take a booth.  The service is a bit hit and miss.  Sometimes, things come out from the kitchen quickly and other times you could die waiting.  No explanation for this as there's really no rhyme or reason to it.Today we went upstairs to have lunch there and the line was ridiculous.  The only explanation I can come up with is that there are times when they hold back the line as there are no tables.  So, natch, we didn't eat there today.
5	I don't know why I was so reluctant to dine at the Nordstrom Cafe at first; time after time, the quality of the food proves to be superior to other local offerings, regardless of the particular Nordstrom location. In this case, we were at the Fashion Show Mall, and I opted for the cranberry sandwich on the advice of the server. My wife got the blackened salmon on a Caesar salad. Both were excellent, and the service as always was friendly and attentive.The only thing I would point out is that the room temperature always seems to lean a bit towards the polar ice caps side of the thermometer. For me, this is a plus, but be warned if you are one of those people who likes a warm room.
5	"Grilled Shrimp Sweet Corn and Arugula Salad"Tried it. Bought it. Loved it. Bought it again. Resisted licking the plate.Best salad I have ever had in my life!! Seriously, who needs a boyfriend when you can have this salad?!!! The croutons give your taste buds a warm welcome. They are fresh, warm, and delicately seasoned. The spinach is lightly drizzled in dressing (which I think they should rename Heaven). The grilled sweet corn and cherry tomatoes give the salad a little euphoric touch putting all the other salads to shame. Finally, the star of the show: the Succulent, juicy, seasoned to perfection grilled shrimp...Oh.My.Gosh. Have you ever been in love? This salad will make you reconsider.
4	My boyfriend brought me there to try something new while we were shopping. Cute quant place tucked in the back. We ordered the Creme Brulee. OMG nom nom nom. It was so good! $5 and it was more than enough for us to share. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the service. Confusing much? So we ordered and grabbed our food and sat down. as we sat down a server came by and asked us if we wanted anything to drink...Wtf? We had that option when we ordered our food. We politely said no, and he looked rather annoyed. Are we supposed to tip this guy? As we were leaving he left a thank you card with some mints. Again are we supposed to tip this guy? Im all for tipping when it is deserved but come on I don't give away money for nothing.  Maybe Im the only one for the confusion. But anyway like I said the Creme Brulee is definitely worth stopping by!
3	I've been here a few times for lunch.  The service has not been impeccable when I've been here.  In fact, it has been downright slow.  Most of their bottled drinks require a bottle opener.  I usually end up using my car keys because they take so frickin long to come over and open it.  Very classy.Lunch here has always taken a surprisingly long time given that it is cafeteria style.  Actually the whole cafeteria style design is kind of stupid because the only thing you can really get right away is the soup.  Everything, salads included, gets made back in the kitchen and the food takes about 10-15 minutes in my experience.The tomato basil soup was really good when I had it.  I realized recently that they always have it, even if it isn't posted on the soup of the day board.  So get it.  The cajun salmon Caesar salad was also pretty good.Not a good place for a fast lunch but if you have time to just chill, check it out.
4	I had the Tomato Basil Soup, and the Santa Fe Panini, and it was delicious. Even better than the food was the awesome service.
5	Ok so every so often i like to feel...fancy.  Now mind you, you carry a tray (who cares) but the selection of food here is so good!!  I got the shrimp and arugula salad.  So yummy!!!!  The ambiance is quiet and pleasing to the eye too.  My friend's steak was so good.  And for dessert we got creme brulee.  Reminds me of my french friend's creme brulee!!  (Don't tell her i said that) I'm trying not to come back everyday lol
4	I aware there food is Lined with crak.. So good
5	I love love love Nordstroms Cafe!  If given the opportunity skip Starbucks and come here. Everything is always fresh and utterly delicious.
5	Their tomatoe soup is my fav! Along with the Chicken Lime Cilantro Salad. Soooo guud!!
5	I am very very worries I will never have this Nicoise Salad again, like very worried... I feel deeply in love with this salad, it is almost all I think about the past few days... The tomato alfredo pasta was also very good, and that creme brulee... ooohhhh my... perfect! It may have an odd cafeteria feel when you first get in, but once you are seated, it is fine, and the price was not half bad for the level of flavors the food has...
4	I've been here off and on over the past few years and didn't make a visit this year until today! I enjoyed eating here when I used to work at the mall as an alternative to the tedious food court choices. I usually order the pepperoni and mushroom pizza (think I might have ordered the Chinese chicken salad before, not sure) but this time I decided to step outside of my comfort zone and order a panini for the first time. Got the pesto chicken since I love pesto and I definitely enjoyed it! I was skeptical of the cheese included...but all the ingredients work out for the best and compliment each other. My only criticism is that the pesto could have been richer in taste, but then again I doubt its made in house otherwise it would take longer for the panini to come out.The shades happened to be down when I stopped by, but when its up you get a great view of the Wynn from across the street!
5	Try the pear salad and the margarita pizza!
5	I freakin love this place.  Super duper service and food.  They have great salads and good sweat treats too.  The prices are super reasonable and it is a great quiet laid back place to grab something to eat while shopping at the Fashion Show Mall.  I pretty much eat here every single time I go there.  Last time I ate the special soup, artichoke something, and it was one of the best soups I have ever had.
4	Where do I begin?  I'm a Nordstrom groupie!  One day I'm buying skincare products, the next time, workout gear, and the time after that, shoes.  The only thing in common with every visit is the Cafe.  Chinese Chicken, Mixed Berry, Salmon Nicoise, and the Citrus Lime Chicken salads are all DAMN good!!  If I just rated their salads, the Cafe would get a perfect 5 stars.  They only get 4 stars because their lemon bars taste like ass (sorry Nordie) and the tomato basil is second rate to La Madeleine's tomato basil (Vegas needs a La Mad!!! Stat!).  Their cookies are pretty dope though.  Overall, I'll take my NARS with a side of Cafe.  Please and thank you. :)
5	Oh.My.Goodness.  This place is awesome times infinity.  I decided to try the Nordstrom Cafe at the suggestion of my co-workers and was excited to have a Sunday morning brunch there with my fiance.  I should have read the other reviews a bit more closely because when we arrived, we were surprised to find that the cafe is cafeteria style.  We were frantically panning the items behind the glass and spotted a menu at the last minute when we got to the counter.  Since there was a long line behind us, my FI decided on the pesto panini and cup of tomato soup and I ordered what my co-workers suggested- a bowl of tomato soup and the mixed berry chicken salad, with a fresh squeezed lemonade.  For dessert we got a chocolate chip, macadamia cookie.Wandering into the busy dining room with our trays we found a little booth and were pleasantly surprised when a server arrived with silverware and to take our trays away.  The food was delicious!  The salad could not have been better and the soup... oh the soup.  I showed some self control and saved the cookie for later and even my FI enjoyed splitting that, and he does not really like sweets (crazy, I know).  Now I am worried that every time I go back to the Nordrstrom Cafe, I will continue to order the same thing because I loved it so much!
5	I've been to a few Nordstrom Cafes, but this one is indeed the nicest...no surprise since it's at the Nordstrom at the Fashion Show Mall on the Vegas strip.  This one is the biggest and best decorated one, plus, I think it has the largest menu.  I had the Santa Fe panini and it was excellent.  My boyfriend loved his California panini.  Between the two, I liked my sandwich better.  Have the Santa Fe if you want a little zest!
4	Fantastic Steak and Barley Soup.  WOW!
5	Another amazing Nicoise Salad :) with a huge bowl of the most amazing berries I have ever eaten!!
4	This is a great place to have lunch.  When I lived in Vegas, we'd come here once or twice a week.  However, now that I live in AZ, I only come here to meet up with old friends.  That was the occasion on my most recent visit.I had the Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato Sandwich on Foccacia Bread....yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nordstrom-cafe-las-vegas?select=dhC_-JZUyJuIL6AacdiYHg#dhC_-JZUyJuIL6AacdiYHgYou order it cafeteria style, forming a line and grabbing your drinks and Chips along the way.  You then pay for your food and they'll either call your number or find you at your table.The place will get packed around lunchtime, so it's best if you divide and conquer.  Have a couple of friends find an open table and snag it while you order and pay for the food.  That's the most efficient way to dine here.Return Factor - 80%
4	Nordstrom Cafe is located on the third floor of Nordstroms (obviously) and once you walk in, there are staffs who take your order whenever you're ready. They have displays out showing what the food will look like. It is more of like a fancier version of Panera Bread. Once you are ready to order, they give you a number, and can be seated pretty much anywhere and the server will come out with your food once it is ready. There portions of the food is quite large, and if you do decide to give this place a try, you must try the tomato soup. They have the best tomato soups I have ever tasted!!
4	The food is SOOO good. I can tell that the ingredients are fresh and my meal was made right when I ordered it.The service is great, standard of the Nordstrom family. I found that the cafe had an interesting concept that I had not experienced before; you order first, in line, then you sit down and they bring you whatever food you did not pick up in line. It's fast food mixed with dining. Definitely worth checking out.
5	One of the best mid-priced cafes in Las Vegas.  There seriously isn't a bad item on the menu!  Service is always great.  Their tomato soup and nordy cookies are awesome.  I'd swing by here just to grab a cookie if I'm in the area.  Some of my favs are their pizzas, the cranberry turkey sandwich, the chicken and artichoke pasta, and did I mention the nordy cookie?
4	Nordstrom Cafe is the perfect place to escape the typical mall food court.  It is located on the third floor of the Nordstrom's Department store.  They have all their dishes out on display and once you pick, the cashier will ring up your order.  The menu consists of paninis, pastas, salads, and normal cafe food.  The seating is first come first serve.  Once you are seated a server will take your drink orders (if you didn't get your own drinks at the soda fountain) and once the food is ready, they will bring the dish to your table.  I had the mushroom ravioli, which was simply delicious.  I had a bite of my boyfriend's panini, also very good.  The bill for our two dishes and drinks was $26.  A little pricey for mall food, but the service and food was excellent.  I highly recommend this place, if you are ever in the Fashion Show Mall!
5	The Nordstrom Cafe never disappoints...great food, great prices - and HELLO great shopping, what's not to love?  Ate here twice while on my visit to Vegas - fab!
4	I had lunch here  for the very first time and I will be back.  I got the Chicken and Pesto Panini and the Tomato Basil Soup.  After just a cup of the soup, I longed for more, it was so creamy and flavorful - have them add some fresh basil to the top - this is by far the best tomato basil soup I've ever had.  The panini was very good, with the perfect combination of flavors.  The cheese was at a perfect melting point and the pesto was dead on.  The only downside was the significant lack of chicken on the panini.  I'm sure at least half of my bites had no chicken in them, but the flavor mix of the other ingredients made it a great cheese sandwich!  I thought it was reasonable priced for Nordstrom - just over $40 for 2 cups of soup, one pasta, two paninis and two drinks.I will recommend and will be back.
5	This is my favorite Nordstrom cafe location by far. Beats all the ones in Los Angeles mainly because its in the heart of Las Vegas and Iove how a sample of the food is placed on a counter so you can see what it is you're going to order. Great food, great price and amazing service!
5	I came to Vegas and chose this restaurant out of all of them on the strip.  Surprisingly awesome for being a cafe in a department store.  Great value.  Had the salmon and veggies.  Everything was cooked perfectly.
4	One of my favorite places to eat!! I come here maybe once every other week. I would go more often if it was closer to my house. Their ingredients are organic and always fresh!! It used to be more consistent but I feel as though they have been slacking lately, otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
5	One of my favorite places to eat. I eat here at least once a week. They offer an excellent menu, and great prices.The Sandwiches they make are very good, my wife has had their salads and loved them, they make gourmet Steaks and chicken, accompanied with fantastic veggies. I normally order the grilled Cheese and bowl of soup off of the kids meals menu. After tax you pay $7.03. That's a great price, considering it comes with a drink and bowl of fruit. Next time you're in a mall that has a Nordstroms, check out the cafe.
5	I think it's time they replace Gale the server. I try to avoid her section of at all possible.She's the slowest waitress they have, and rarely comes back to refill drinks
5	The food is amazing, the service is fantastic, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely worth making a trip and dealing with difficult parking at the mall, but you should get there early if you are stopping by for lunch because the place fills up very quickly. The tomato soup is to die for, especially if you dip the bread in it. Yum!!
4	My first time at Nordstrom Cafe!  I am here in the Fashion Show Mall often, so now I have a solid choice for casual dining :)They had some great Panini sandwiches that were calling my name.   They were surprisingly good actually!  Lots of flavor in the pesto and olive oil...yum!We finished with the Creme Brulee.  Good rendition here, with a nice crispy layer of goodness hiding the rich custard inside.  Recommended for some quick eats to recuperate from all that money being spent :P
5	Omgggggg. Best place ever I love their food!!! I always order their San a fe chicken sandwich  with lemonade nd it's to die for pretty clean nd really good customer service!!!!!!
5	This is my favorite place to eat while shopping at the Fashion Show Mall. They have a variety of soups, salads, and sandwiches that are the perfect fare for a day of shopping, along with full size entrees if you're looking for something more substantial. I am hard pressed to come here and not order the tomato basil soup. It is served with fresh basil and a Parmesan crustini. It is rich and tomatoey with a hint of creaminess. I also consistently order the blue cheese and pear salad. The salad has fresh field greens with delicious chunks of pear, generous crumbles of blue cheese, and candied pecans. I have also had a pasta with shrimp that was delicious and the roast beef and horseradish panini, both of which I believe were specials. I highly recommend this hidden gem if you're in the area.
1	I came here with my family on the day after Christmas. BIG mistake.  Super long wait to even place our order, despite that there were only 2 groups ahead if us in line. We also made the mistake of putting the tip on the bill when we placed our order.  We took our seats and wound up getting our own drinks and coffee because the Hispanic female server couldn't be bothered. When she finally came to our table we told her that we already got our own drinks even though we had already left a tip on the bill.  She said, "oh...ok...good". For whatever reason, a male server took over our table.  He was more attentive with drink refills but when the food came out, another disappointment.  The 2 salads that we ordered looked like they scraped the bottom of the barrel to gather the ingredients.  The Chinese chicken salad had only 2 tiny orange wedges and they were mashed flat.  My wife's shrimp arugula salad had a few corn kernels like they fell in by accident and weren't an ingredient. My daughters pasta dish lacked any flavor, bland mushy noodles.  My wife and daughter always raved about this place. They said it's not usually like this. Needless to say I was not impressed. I will not be rushing back there.
5	Love love Nordstorm Cafe. Fairly cheap prices for quality food. But man does it get busy.There's a fairly wide variety of things to choose from, from 8-10 salads, 3 pizza options, to 3 pasta options, and 5-6 sandwich items, as well as a variety of desserts to chose from. For bargain deals, get the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo (its listed as for kids but they don't care if adults order it :P) The tomato soup is DELICIOUS. It's just so yummy and a perfect pair for the grilled cheese. For salads, I personally love the mixed berry and chicken as well as the blue cheese and pear salad. Everything is made to order. I don't particularly care for the pizzas, but the wild mushroom pasta is delicious, with a hefty portion! After a long day of shopping and browsing through this huge mall, Nordstorm Cafe is where quality meets quantity!
4	Tomato soup with crostini is good if u like tomato soup. Mushroom ravioli is excellent with delicious as well as salads
5	Make an extra trip to Nordstrom EVEN if you don't wanna shop cuz this place is just that good! It's like a cafeteria style set up, grab a tray, order your food and get a number. Once your food is ready they will bring it to your table.FOOD : The salads are amazing, like seriously sooooo tasty and yummy and fresh!! My fav salad is the grilled shrimp one..perfection! Basically all the salads are good. The chicken is really good too..and it comes w/ grilled veggies. Their kids meal is really good too, grilled cheese + gourmet tasting tomato soup. Mac n cheese is good but too rich for me. Their sandwiches are good too, simple. Pizzas are really good too! Chocolate cupcakes are divine. Honestly it's just a great place for a simple lunch that is delicious and I've never had a bad experience here.
5	My coworkers and I come here all the time and the food is incredible!! I usually get the roasted salmon for only $12.50 and it comes with roasted zucchini, corn, carrots, potatoes, and peppers. DELICIOUS! And so filling! I would definitely recommend stopping by here the next time you are shopping around the mall. Its a shame I can't afford any of the clothes in Nordstrom but at least I get to enjoy the food! Ha ha take that!
5	Absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE I tried almost everything and my absolute favorite it will be the Tuscan roasted chicken love that stuff the potatoes are cooked to perfection the dessert is also my favorite part I love the blueberry tart, everything in the menu is so delicious.
5	This place is an absolute hidden gem! Everything is mostly between $10-15, and is incredibly fresh and high quality. With all the outrageously-priced, low quality options available on the strip, this was a refreshing discovery. I had the pear and blue cheese salad and it was delicious! Altogether I spent $15 on the salad, a bottle of water, and a chocolate cupcake (also amazing). Vegetarians/vegans: beware of the raved about tomato soup - they use chicken stock as the base :(Overall, I highly recommend!
4	I love this place!!  First of all, when you go there, expect that you will be paying a bit more for your lunch but it is completely worth it.  You walk in and order your food and you are greeted with the service you expect from nordstrom.  After placing your order, go through the line to pay but do not skip over the beautiful display of deserts!!  They are wonderful!!!  Once you have paid you pick a great seat in the beautiful nordstrom dining room.  Then someone brings you your food in that great Nordstrom service again.  Even though drinks are self service they will get them for you.  You end the meal with a wonderful chocolate mint.  They sell wonderful things at the cafe such as olive oil the tomato soup and their chocolates.  This place is so worth a trip to fashion show.
1	Found hair in my food. The manager blamed it on corn husk and offered free dessert. It clearly was human hair plus we had already bought dessert. Did not address the problem. VERY disappointed!
5	Love this place!  Service is stellar, ambience is warm and inviting, and the food is fresh and delicious.  I've been here a time or two before and they are always consistent! Servers are attentive and prompt! Restaurant is clean,  and the selection of soft music is a great way to relax and wind down while/after shopping.  An overall hidden gem that I love to frequent!
4	Good food but the set up is a little weird. It looks like a buffet/cafeteria but you really just look at all the food demos and then just order and they bring it to your table. I had the Parmesan crusted chicken salad and it was sooo good although a little small for almost $12 and just a TAD heavy on the dressing. Overall good and unique options for inside a department store.
4	So good! I come here just for lunch sometimes without even shopping, its that good.  Im not sure I've ever eaten "department store food" but it doesn't sound appealing to me.  Nordstroms cafe is great, tons of healthy fare like salads and soup (umm tomato basil, hello my fave!) but great sandwiches, pasta and pastries.  and i love that they have every meal on display for you to see. (nothing like something coming out that you envisioned totally wrong) And the prices are very good in my opinion, usually 10-14 a plate, especially considering you're eating on the strip.  PS theres beer and wine too!
5	The perfect lunch spot on the Strip. If you plan to go to the Fashion Show mall anyway, this is a no brainer. The food is prepared fresh for you. The taste and seasoning are perfect. The portions are generous. It is just a bit pricey, on average my wife and I spend $40.00 before tip. It is very clean and the staff are very attentive. I highly recommend this Cafe.
4	Seldomly eat sandwich as me, I liked their California sandwich so much. The bread was itself very crispy and the avocado and bacon was such a good match. Also liked their creme brulee, caramel was about the right level of sweetness. However one thing a bit disappointed me was that they forgot our order of creme brulee until we went to the counter and asked...
5	This little gem was quite the surprise.  I had never been here before, and was heavily recommended from numerous coworkers that I should check it out.  I was not disappointed.  The food here is picturesque and absolutely gorgeous.  Everything I tasted was delicious, and made we want to come back. The staff are nice and helpful.  The environment is awesome, as the eating area has high ceilings and big windows to allow a lot of natural sunlight into the room.  My only complaint is that the setup is a bit confusing, and the prices are a little steep for what you get.  Again, the food is delicious, but $15 for a sandwich and a tiny cup of soup is a deterrent to keep me from coming here all the time.
4	First time here and I had the Parmesan crusted chicken salad and it was good. The salad was very fresh and tasty. I loved the selections of salads they had. So you walk thru the line and there is a display of the different salads, and other foods they had like sandwiches, pasta plates and deserts. The salads are around ten dollars and most have a vinaigrette dressing and they all looked delicious. They do however have a bigger selection of other things. All in all everything was good!
5	The best stuff and the service very good atmosphere v good five star if you're one of the best food in the Mall about priceVery reasonable
5	The best food every single time I eat here, order anything and you'll leave satisfied. Service is very lacking though, underserved tip. But I don't care, the food is BOMB :)
5	Friendly staff and even better food! I recommend getting half a salad and half a sandwich. It's not advertised, but the two go great together no matter what combination you get.
4	Would come back again!Amazing Chicken Pesto Panini. Kind of a hassle to get to and pricier than most casual cafes but some of their choices are really spot on.
3	I had a lunch date here with one of my good friends. We decided to go here because we heard the food is healthier and mucho delicioso. Ordering was really easy, because there is a display of all the food you could possibly get - this made it easier to choose. The hard part was choosing WHAT to get, because everything looked so good. I only ordered a sandwich and it took maybe 30 minutes to get. My friend had gotten a salad and was almost done with it, and I hadn't even got my sandwich yet. There were multiple times where I tried to flag down the waitresses, but oh man, is it difficult to get their attention. All in all, the food is good but the service was blah
5	Good food and friendly service! I eat here when I don't feel like eating "food court food" inside Fashion Show Mall. The prosciutto sandwich that comes with warm and crispy potato chips is delicious - you should try it and you won't be disappointed.
5	This Nordstrom Cafe is perfectly situated away from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip. They provide the same menu as all other cafes but their staff provides much better service. I like this location better than the one in Orange County as the servers are more down to earth and actually seem like they care about providing excellent customer service. Thanks for always providing top notch food, service and food at reasonable prices. I suggest to top off your meal with their cheesecakes!
4	I have two staples here that keep me coming back:1. The Tomato Basil Soup, otherwise known as Crack Soup. Just scroll through all of the reviews if you don't want to take my word for it and see how many other Yelpers will rave on and on and about this stuff. The hype is real!2. The Pesto Chicken Panini. Ahhhh, even typing it makes me happy and kind of hungry. This panini is perfection to me.The Nordstrom Cafe is located at the Fashion Show Mall inside of Nordstrom on the third floor. Walking in, just head to the right and grab a tray for yourself and a refreshment on your way to the line. Tell the nice ladies what you would like to order and then proceed to the cash register. Nordstrom Cafe believes in physical menus and everything look amazing. If you think it looks good, just order it.After you pay, go to an open table and your server will remove the tray and bring out your food order. You get fun, little chocolate mint sticks at the end of your meal.If I am not eating my Pesto Chicken Panini then I am getting the Peppered Steak on Sourdough, panini-style. Thank me later.
2	The price is a little steep here and the food made me sick. Also the way they name food is weird, so a "caprese" sandwich does in fact come with meat. Even though that's not what a caprese is and they just like confusing all the vegetarians that come in here. The soups were strange and lukewarm and the only redeeming item was the Magic Bar.
4	Memories.... I used to study at a Nordstrom Cafe when I was in school. It was and still in a good comfortable place for a good study session or to get some work done. Not sure about WiFi though. They have a good selection of food and some of the dishes you can ask for a 1/2 size. My favorites are the very popular Tomato Soup (with buttered crostini), and salads. Sometimes I go for a straight green salad, or when I'm hungry, I go for the ones with protein (chicken, tuna, or salmon). It's cafeteria style, where you get a tray, order and get your food, pay at the end of the line. If you food item takes a bit more time, they give you a number to take to your table and the server brings the food to you. Service is always on point here and a manager often comes to check in on how you are doing. My water cup is never empty. At the end of the meal, after the server clears your dishes, they bring you chocolate mints. It's a trademark of theirs and it's so good, they sell it now.
5	Yummy lunch! Was not expecting this. It's one of those grab a tray and order and they will bring it to you kinda spots. Tomato soup-  3.95 for a small coup. Apple and cheese salad.The chicken was amazing. Will be back.
5	I love love love Nordstrom cafe!!!  My favorite is the blackened salmon on Caesar salad which isn't on the menu but they will always make it.   The magic bar is also always an amazing treat!  I love everything about Nordstrom
4	Located on the same floor as the lingerie section. After shopping and you want a bite to eat, here's good option for you. Look around for the food display, figure out what you want, grab a drink, a tray, place your order, grab your number and pay at the end of the line.Skirt Steak:Comes with asparagus, carrots, potatoes and chimichurri. Get it medium rare or rare since this is a thin piece of meat, otherwise, you'll be gnawing on beef jerky. For $15, you get a pretty nice meal. 5/5Parmesan-crusted Chicken Salad:Not the healthiest salad on their menu and it's not the best one either. 3/5Nicoise Salad with Salmon:Greens, onions, green beans, hard boiled egg slices, potaoes and salmon. This is what I normally get from here but I never learn my lesson of asking not to put onions, olives and egg yolks. I actually spend time removing these things rom my salad. 4.5/5Roasted Salmon:Comes with zucchini, carrots, potatoes and corn. I got extra carrots instead of zucchini. The salmon was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The veggies were roasted and seasoned. The corn was a bit salty though so, I didn't eat the whole thing. Saved me from having corn stuck in between my teeth. 4/5
5	The food here is totally great! Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich is something out of this world!
5	The best service thank you. Great people  Angelica needs 5 star by her self. THANK YOU NORDSTROM
5	Food is always fantastic and today's review is solely based off the amazing customer service. My friend and I came here to eat lunch (12-27-2014) and this place was packed.... lines out the entrance. After we paid and walked over to find a table, there were several tables that opened up but still had plates. The manager (I am assuming he is a manager because he was one of the two wearing dress shirts) came over, cleaned off the plates and wiped down the table top as well as the seat. Gayle was our server and was very attentive, refilling our coffee, remembering each of our orders and desserts. Also at the end of our lunch, we wanted to pick up our dessert later so we asked her to keep it in the front. Returning after shopping to pick up our dessert, I asked the cashier for our cake and was very prompt even though it was busy inside. I saw the manager again bringing food out. My friend and I are restaurant owners and naturally we are very observant when it comes to front and back house/customer service. We were thoroughly impressed how the manager wasn't just delegating to get the task done, but he was jumping in to get things done. You don't see that in Las Vegas corporate restaurants much... at all!!!I asked the cashier who the gentleman was, and he stated his name is Scott and was the general manager. Well done Nordstrom, your 5 star customer service isn't just reflected in the department stores but also your restaurant as well.
4	Cafe and restaurant at Nordstrom. The pastry was really lovely and the staff constantly checked that we had everything. A minus is that we got coffee and tea in plastic cups!
3	Nordstrom Cafe offers a decent selection of food and drink items - I call it 3.5 which is great for a quick eatery in a fashion retailer.
3	The food here is worth the trek to the 3rd floor of Nordstrom's. Order, pay, find a seat, and wait for your order to be brought to the table. Prices on some dishes seemed a bit high, but the serving sizes and quality of the food made up for the high prices. Minimal interaction with staff which is fine by me. Helps keep my meal and conversations uninterrupted.
5	I love the tomato soup and the berry salad. I get extra croutons for the soup because it's the best to dip with. The berry salad is filled with blue cheese, berries, and delicious candy walnuts. Plus, the salad dressing is made with real berries. The wait can be long, but it's always worth it. I consider this to be one of my favorite lunch spots in Las Vegas.I want to send a extra thank you to Angelica who assisted my family. Her service was 5 star!
