5	GREAT PLACE FOR A BIRTHDAY PARTY!  A FAMILY GATHERING!  A WORK RETIREMENT PARTY!  OR EVEN A DOUBLE-DATE!A combination watering hole, great place to eat and great entertainment for adults! Adult games!The Homestead (Pittsburgh) location of Dave & Busters is just one of the almost 50 locations across the country - from New York to Florida to California - - from Canada to Mexico.  The Dave & Busters idea was conceived in Little Rock, Arkansas back in the 1970s. Two different businesses (one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business) were right next door to each other. The two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. So they opened the first combined D & B in  . . . . no, not Little Rock, but Dallas! To this day there are no D & B's in Little Rock. Not sure what is up with that! But lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.The one in Pittsburgh is the only one I have ever been to.  When I lived there, a group of friends and co-workers (and me, of course!)used to go there for Happy Hour & Power Hour . . . . at least once a week. We had a blast!  A great place to kick-back and let the worries of the work day melt away.Wonder if they'll ever open one in Marin County, CA? Shucks!  Probably not. Not a Marin County scene, for sure. WHAT A BLAST IT WAS THOUGH! I miss going to D & B. They have all the classics, like billiards & shuffleboard, plus over 200 interactive & video games. A rechargable Power Card provides an easy way to access all the games.  POWER HOUR is game HAPPY HOUR - - an entire hour of classic and video games for just  ten bucks.  A GREAT BAR, WONDERFUL FOOD AND SERVICE! A RELAXING AND FUN WAY to spend a Friday or Saturday evening. You'll never want to leave. Meet your friends here, grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the games. Time will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl, your best friend or even your boss!  DAVE & BUSTERS! LOTS OF PARKING! LOTS OF FUN!FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!
2	D&B is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.You pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D&B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices. $6.05 for a Banana Split cocktail? $3.40 for a Michelob?  I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology (like anchors and so forth).Waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh, and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.The games are all violent shooters or racing games don't appear to have changed much since 2002 when I last went to D&B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.Not a pleasant experience, but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant.
3	This was actually the first time I've ever been to a Dave and Buster's.Walking into such a huge space, especially coming from the often narrow venues in San Francisco was strange.Un-nerving actually. Because Dave and Buster's is all about excess. Almost obscenely so.As far as food - their stuff is standard. Most of it is fried and as another reviewer pointed out - not very healthy. At all actually. You have to really scour the menu to find some somewhat decent viable and nutritious options.But most people don't come to Dave & Buster's for food. They come for the games.And while I've never been that into video games or arcade games - my brother and sister always have.  I was apprehensive about having a good time here  - but after awhile - my siblings' enthusiasm about the place became contagious and I found myself really enjoying myself.Especially once i realized that I have mad skills at Skee Ball. And proceeded to dominate.Trust.
2	Think Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Skee Ball, video games pool tables.  Clean environment.  Good fun.Unfortunately, I went for a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip.  Sadly, they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few seconds.  Blahhhh.  Trying to get something healthy, I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad.  Too sweet.My mom ordered a steak roll.....holy friedness!  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN!  Yowzer!  Artery clogger for sure.  I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead.
4	I love the games here but can't go very often since they don't rotate new games in very often.  The place is usually pretty clean.Pool tables often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you'll find in the city.Food is just "ok" Drink prices are fair but not great.
2	Dave and Buster's is an enigma, is it dining, a bar, or  playground for video game lovers? Let me get the bar part out of the way first, it's overpriced, and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill. Next, the food. Just like all the chain places at the Waterfront, there are sandwiches, burgers (yes they have a blue cheese burger, who doesn't?) pasta, salads, chicken fingers, yadda yadda. The games, I swear over three quarters of the games have been there since 2000 when the place opened. I guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene.Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront, but it's time to update the menu, update the games, and get into the second decade of the 21st century.
3	Because I have significantly younger sisters, I go to Dave and Busters about twice a year. It's fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the 'prizes' are cheap but it make for great "sister days" As for the food, we've eaten there once and never again. It's just blah... frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it. A frozen Boca patty thrown on a bun. Thanks! I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that's to be expected. So go for the games, fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street).
1	The food was absolutely gross! I ordered a turkey club which comes on a wheat bun with avocado, bacon, and turkey breast. What I got was TOTALLY different from the picture! First of all the sandwich was on sliced bread (lame)! There was no avocado, 1 slice of bacon, no lettuce, and to TOP it off instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT! lol No, not the kind that you get from the deli, the other sweaty nasty looking stuff! Gross! Our waitress was awful but they were extremely understaffed so I would have a bit of an attitude if I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too.   The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free.
4	The usual fun center.You can play games using a play card which you purchase there.  Game prices can be confusing- - -  2.3, 5.7, 9.9 credits, etc.The arcade can be fun if you bring some friends.  Almost every game is a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.I didn't eat there, so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters.
4	We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets! They also have Fruit Ninja as a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope. I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets. At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun. Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
3	A table for 16 please...   That is what I had to ask for and knew that D&B could accomodate.I happen to be in the Homestead area for work.   I really wanted to dig into my Yelp bag of tricks provided by local Yelpers and introduce my team to the "Shock and Awe" they deserved but ... the shear numbers would made it hard.When I started thinking about how we would have a manageable lunch - The only idea I could come up with was the Golden Corral - I knew that was not going to work for me.We decided to do something local and walking distance - D&B was it.It is what you expect - quiet for lunch video games and a bar nearby but I had to forgo any festivities - it was a work lunch.   I was pleased they had a under 600 calorie menu.   I am trying to maintain a normal diet due to my stretchy pants being out of style and not wanting to look like a character out of Family Guy.The waitress was very friendly and organized.    I ordered the Cabo style Chicken - Chicken Breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled, topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.It was eh...   The chicken was cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo was bland.  The rice was bland.  The vegetables were cold.   I really blame it on the fact I was with 15 compatriots for lunch so I am giving it a fair rating.  Everything was edible.My team went with deep fried foods and burgers.   They seemed pleased.Service - very goodFood - okay, not great.   My meal was $13Ambiance - well it was clean but there were not really any people in D&BThere are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )
2	Not much of a review for this one, but just a few tidbits of info...Pool (on Friday/Saturday) is $14 per hour(I'm pretty sure its $10 through the week)Mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location.The food is crap.The games are fun and the pool tables are nice (they're the big tournament style/size, not the shitty bar-room, tiny pool tables).That is all.  :)(the pricing is based on my recent trip.We shot pool for a few hours, I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60
4	I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night, come to D&B and win some prizes!!  It is pricey though, so bring some major moolah
5	Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.
2	When did Dave and Buster's become a daycare?? Everywhere you look, there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult, but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on a Saturday. I couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHHH!I get that Dave and Buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games, maybe eat, and kill some time. When I last went there a few years ago, we there for my bachelor party, and while I'm sure we got into some shenanigans, I don't remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages, playing games, and having a good time. This time, it was ridiculous. It isn't Chuck E. Cheese, yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place.On top of that, the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic, with tables and serving areas everywhere, yet on a Saturday at 6PM, the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait, despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. I suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready, but the food at Dave and Buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day.The hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table, so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next, i engaged in the most rudest thing I've ever done- I began stalking tables where people were finishing up. I would walk up to people paying their check, ask if I could have their table when they were done, and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and I should get in line.Finally, we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks, until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that, he seemed to come around a lot less. I had the build your own chicken tacos, which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh, but the chicken was cold and dry, and the tortillas were dried out as well. For $14, it wasn't worth it. After dinner we proceeded to play games, which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. All in all, I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service, can't recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back, I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.
4	Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.
4	My friend and I both had Friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters. I went on Facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $20 get $20 in play free (we split the card, it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through)The games weren't *quite* as fun as I remembered, but it was still a good time. The place was far from crowded, and when a machine was out of tickets, it took us a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did, the team at D&B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as well as gave us a handful of tokens for the game we were playing. I think a lot of companies (I'm looking at you, American Airlines) could learn a lot from D&B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games, but it made our experience so much better.Drinks are half-price after 8 or 9, my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks.
3	Dave and Buster's has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it. Dining: 2 starsI had a party of 20 coming in; I had called ahead of time, and arrived early. They immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friends and I waited; the hostess, after taking my name, never spoke to us again. She did not tell us when we could sit, how long it would be, or any other information. And then they made us wait for 75% of our party to show up before they would seat us. Mind you, there was no one else waiting, and the table was ready, and we were ready to order. But they didn't tell us this; I didn't even know why we were being forced to wait until I heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making us wait. I still have no idea why we were forced to wait. When my full party was finally seated, we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. BUT, our service was rather haphazard. People would order drinks and food, and get things at wildly different times. One person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink. I know there was chaos to a big party, but it got a little out of hand.The food is pretty standard American chain food, comparable to Appleby's and Chili's - not offensive, but nothing to knock your socks off. It has a decent selection, and a few good desserts and appetizers, and everything was competently prepared. Overall, it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices, but some of the service standards are poor. In the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to D&B's for games.Bar: 1 StarDrinks are predictably expensive, but there is a wide variety. The problem is that about half of them don't even kind of resemble what is on the menu, and most don't have enough alcohol to even taste. Worse yet, while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade, the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude. You have to track them down, and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.Arcade: 4 StarsThere are a lot of great games here to play, and many that are fun with groups or pairs. It is a great place for a large party, because you can mingle with all your friends playing many different very fun games. If you are a couple, there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. The staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems, and are typically polite. The ticket prizes are cheap as expected, but kind of fun, and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.Overall: 3 StarsIf you want to hang out here, I would suggest eating somewhere else, and then playing games and having fun here, but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile.
3	Chuckie Cheese for grown ups...Yeah, that could sum up my review for sure (but I'll try to make it a bit more interesting than that).First let me say that this isn't my first trip to a Dave & Buster's.  Second, I actually experience all of it while here.  We will start with the food/service.  Staff, you were wonderful.  You were polite, you greeted us as soon as we walked in the door, gave us no qualms while ordering and were swift with your delivery.  Food, you were not wonderful.  I ordered the BBQ chicken breasts.  This came with a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potatoes.  The chicken was a bit dry and in some places you can tell it was left on the grill a little too long.  There were actually some bites that all I could taste was charred meat.  There wasn't enough BBQ sauce on the the chicken either.  The broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into a pan to be seared.  Some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp areas on it.  Also I noticed that there were still some leaves left on the broccoli.  The mashed potatoes I wanted to like (which I hoped would be the best part of the dish, I'm a bit of a potato freak), but alas, I was let down. *sad face* They were cold and such a tiny portion.  With a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it's container.  Oh food, how if I didn't need you to survive, I wouldn't complain about you.The building right now is in disarray.  They are in the midst of a remodel with lovely plastic curtains covering up certain sections of their dining area.  No bar out in the dining area right now and the pool tables were absent as well.  If you wanted a drink you had to go back into the game room.Speaking of the game room, by far the best part.  With the meal I ordered I got the $20 play card (the best part of the meal, super charge it for $3 more and it's even better).  The game room  you can tell is in need of an update.  The carpet is worn and other signs of wear are noticeable as well.  One good thing is the games.  They change them up so often that there is always something new once you return.  Who knew that playing Connect 4 could be so fun, or for that matter Skee Ball rises to the top of my list to play.I will return again, but only after I eat elsewhere first.
3	Not really sure what to add.  So I'll bullet point my experience.- Expensive poorly made drinks- Friendly but slow service- Ok food considering (Had the Philly Steak and Cheese)- Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision- 15% of the games were out of order (Air Hockey, Big Bball Game, 1/2 of the skee ball, random other arcade machines)- Expensive games- Fun time overall with the wife.
1	Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.
2	Not being from the area, I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown, PA. I was excited! I haven't been to this Dave and Buster's since I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games! I went with my cousins, mind you, we hadn't ate all day and were very hungry. So, we decided to do the Eat & Play Combo, naturally. Here's where it gets bad. First of all, we get a very snobby hostess that shows us to our table. Then, we wait...and wait...and finally after about 25 mins we get a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted, so we quickly put our order in. Next, we were sitting and talking, waiting, we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea, right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you, our food still hasn't came yet. I see other people getting their food that had come in after us. I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food, I asked to speak with a manager. One of the servers who I asked replied rudely with "Well, he's really busy right now. I doubt he'll be able to come out and talk to you". Finally, 15 mins later...that's one hour, folks. We get our food. What do you think the next problem was? Yep, the food was cold. I was completely fed up at this point, and told my waitress how disappointed I was, especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me, and we didn't even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were $10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games, but the prizes you get for your tickets are all junk and worthless. So, in conclusion...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD, PA. It was horrible, and I will not be returning for a very long time!
1	This place just plain sucksBad management lost them bizDumb arcade drama** they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
3	i had fun here.. fun big kid games for me!!!O.. But the bartender Melissa was a SUPER bitch and RUDE Hope they fire her..
3	First time at Dave & Buster's and although I didn't go for the games, I was slightly disappointed. I went with a group of girls for dinner and drinks. The service was slow but the food was decent. The portions were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain.       We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9.
3	DAVE & BUSTERS!  It's a nice place to eat, have fun and drink!!  All ages can enjoy this place.  I was so EXCITED to hear them announce that after 10p, all children whether accompanied by a guardian or not had to go!  It made for a nice evening for adults only.  Everytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves.  I didn't give it FOUR STARS because every time I've went I haven't been able to eat in the restaurant area of there.  I know I still get the same food that everyone else does wherever you sit.  Sometimes, I like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant.  I haven't as of yet, been seated there.  Not to mention that the servers around the bar, are a little slow at responding to customers as well.  So all in all, D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion, and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area.
3	Was impressed by the new menu and new decor.   Our waitress was nice, knowledgeable and attentive.  However, the rest of the staff was less than stellar.  There was a power outage (less than one minute) while we were paying games (sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened). My family and I were playing a trivia game---we lost about ten dollars of credits and all our bonus tickets when the power resumed.   The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staff was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again.  After the outage, two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staff for assistance they just brushed us off and said we must have been out of credits.  Kinda a bummer we lost so much money on (malfunction) game play tonight.
4	Visiting from Toronto, I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here, that's awesome considering I'd win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 100 tickets. The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
3	A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4
1	Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead, PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games, we will never go back. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? HORRIBLE service
5	I love it!  Love it!
2	My boyfriend and I are in our 20s, and have visited this D&B multiple times. After our visit yesterday, however, I don't think we'll be back. When we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were 2 extremely slow workers trying to do this, then one left while the line was still out the door! The girl that was left was more than incompetent, and was taking extremely long to fill these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needless to say, the line in the game room was just as long, and they still only had one girl in the booth. It was a Saturday! After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get a beer. 2 bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash, and the bathrooms: repulsive! I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit, and not only did both bathrooms I used have no toilet paper in them, but there was TP all over the floors, and the sinks were less than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better, as it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser didn't work. All I have to say is get your crap together. We could see a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be, and I'm I have no doubt it's due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends. It's a shame how quickly this place has gone down hill and we will NOT be returning anytime soon!
1	Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
3	ehh, 3.5 -- I can't rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visits. Speaking of that, I've been here a few times, but never wrote a review for D&B. I'm a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. However, there have been multiple instances where I swiped my game card & it took my credits, but no game began. There have also been times that I won and no tickets were released. I guess nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once a visit (each scenerio)  It's hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price games, you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credits for skee ball (hmph!)The food- it really isnt anything too fancy. I've had okay food, but super long wait times for a simple chicken fingers & fries for example. It's your basic sandwiches, salads, appetizers & a few pastas. I believe all sandwiches & burgers are around $10 & served with fries.  You can get the Eat & Play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card. Besides the game card deal, if you wanted to make D&B a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in Waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own.  Try it once I suppose. The brownie sundae that i devoured last night was satisfying (2 brownies, 2 scoops of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberries. Oh & whip cream)Drinks- pretty weak. We ordered 2 liquid maryjanes (2 each that is) which are filled with multiple shots of alchy & didn't really catch a buzz. Oh welllll. They do have a happy hour from 5-7pm. I'd go during that time for the best deal. I believe cocktails are half off & $3 off  bottles of wine. I've never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol. The prizes- as others have noted, the prizes are a little cheap for the amount of tickets they "cost" However, it's cool to leave with a D&B coffee mug, cup or shot glass. Last night for 2500 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board (1,300?) a coffee mug, a D&B glass (our plastic one bit the dust) & a D&B coffee travel mug.. I might be missing a few odds & ends.Overall it's a fun time but can be pricey. It's best to head here Wednesday for half price games or get the Eat & Play deal while dining. I can't lie though, I find myself smiling ear to ear a few times within those 3 hours (woah, seemed longer than amount of time :D ) Speaking of which, in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games.
5	Dave & Busters is a great experience  if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.The main squeeze and I always 1) use a survey receipt for buy $10 get $10 in free gameplay or 2) Attend on a Wednesday during the day (flexible work schedules). We'd never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. And we only drink cheap drafts OR drink cocktails during happy hour.Your visit is largely determined by time of day, expectations and whether or not you eat their food. If you come on a Friday night, the lines will be long. You'll pay $150 for the two of you to eat, drink and play for 3 hours and you'll be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.The staff is really excellent; any issue with a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or a swipe for a different game from an employee. Note the "drinks are weak" reviews. Also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. That's typical white trash behavior. Bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. All of our drinks have been consistently strong and well put together because we're courteous and tip well. I have witnessed bartenders bypass tattooed, loud guests and address me and take my order first. This is rational, logical behavior. Also note the "prize center games suck" comments. You're supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on a big prize. Like life, delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. Every other visit I've seen someone walk out with a video game system (Wii, Xbox360 and even a few Xbox One's). The thing about Dave & Busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. Sunday afternoon it's all families and Friday and Saturday night it's all drunk 20 somethings. The atmosphere changes and that's why the reviews are all over the place.This review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. Most visits are 5 stars, some are 4 stars.Using survey receipts for Buy Ten Get Ten, avoiding Wednesday, Friday or Saturday evenings (and Sunday afternoon, families) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply, you'll have a great experience for $25-40/person.I really enjoy the staff too, they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley, gave us info on possibly hosting a party there.
1	To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself $100. Buy a good board game, your alcohol of choice, order a pizza, and invite your friends over. What an incredible disappointment. After seeing the enticing commercials so many times, we decided to give this place a try on a double date. I understand the prices of the play cards and won't dispute them; however, the food was incredibly over-priced, came out COLD (as in, sat on a counter without warmers for a minimum of 30 minutes) and I literally had to ask the bartender if there was any vodka in my drink. It was pure juice. $38 for three shots that had little-no alcohol in them. (Not to mention, my glass was dirty, and I saw the bartender scoop the glass into the ice basin because she was too lazy to use the sanitary scoop. I know the Food and Beverage Commission would be as disappointed as I was.) The service was terrible. Don't ask for anything from your waiter, as they are a little too busy on their cell phones or conversing amongst themselves. Was it fun to be in an adult-themed arcade? Yes. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games, I suppose I would advise you give it a shot. I would never recommend their food, customer service, or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home, or go for a traditional bowling, figure skating, roller-blading, rock climbing, basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead.
4	I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun, and so did my guest!  I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!  I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!  No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!  It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
5	There is good food, but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed
3	My wife and I went here around 10pm on a Saturday night. The food was not spectacular, about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough, but my wife enjoyed hers. Staff was relatively unorganized (we ate at a table next to the bar), and had to wait awhile for a server. Food was prompt.
5	After having a few 'less than memorable' trips to D&B in years past, my wife and I  decided to go back for a Pittsburgh Happy Hour Anniversary party this past Thursday.  Pgh Happy Hour is a facebook group of friends that like to check out new 'watering holes' every thursday and it's run by a guy that seems to party 24/7 while still holding down a very lucrative full time job.  Anyway- Pgh HH was celebrating an anniversary and chose D&B for the location.  The D&B staff set up the back 'pool room' with complimentary,  enormous spread of appetizers with dips and kept refilling them when they got low.  Our server, Carla, was very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the specials and checking back often when our glasses got to the half way point.  The other server back there was working equally as hard but I never got the chance to get her name.  I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event.
2	Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. I stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, "Are you working?" and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.In between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. I was just really turned off from that experience. The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
3	Its fun, but much smaller than some of the others I've visited.  Its clean, staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location.
2	I used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such "games", you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
1	I was here on 10/3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage, no how is your food, no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered.  Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people!  I will not be back again to eat.
4	I'll have a biased opinion of any place like this. What could be wrong with playing old and new school games, drinking, and eating all at the same place? The one thing I can think of is the price. On the surface, this is a pretty expensive place; however, they give a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go, whether or not you "donate" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and if you're lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prizes! But honestly, know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available. In regards to the games, there's a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets, the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart, anyone?!). Either way, it's a really fun place that you'll most certainly have a good time at.
5	First off, let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!
2	My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.
