4	Beltane Festival marks the Pagan celebration of the end of winter and the beginning of Spring/Summer. And yes you guessed it, spring=fertility and this big party is paying tribute to the coming of the nicer of seasons. So every year on the 30th of April what seems like thousands trek up the usually freezing Carlton Hill to witness this festival. Booking tickets in advance saves you 2 pounds and you can bring your drink in a plastic bottle (which they even provide) which is GREAT (and advisable as they don't sell alcohol when you get there-but there are food and coffee stalls).The procession of Beltane moves around the Hill. This is combination with the massive crowds makes it EXTREMELY hard to see ANYTHING at all. The speed with which these crowds move is astonishing and more than once we found ourselves in an almost stampede. Oh and people play around with fire, not just the professional fire dancers, but the drunk spectators find it funny to light up their own torches. But putting aside the potential hazards of being lit on fire or run over this festival is quite impressive if only you could see anything.I would strongly recommend anyone wanting to see this to a.wear warm clothes., b. get merry, c. wear some make-up (it's fun to let the pagan out of you and d. read up about the procession before hand so you can understand what in the world is going on (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beltane_fire_festival)I wish I had read up about it, cause most of the time I had no clue of what was going on. The drumming, make up and costumes are awesome and so is the fire dancing. There's nudity and tons of face and body paint. Definitely a bizarre yet enthralling event, that will make you want to join in the fun next year.
4	Beltane is a really fascinating flurry of dance, partial nudity (all very tasteful and significant in meaning of course) and general celebration. It's also a pyromaniac's dream, what with all the fire waving that goes on during the evening. I came along to Beltane for the first time last year, and had very little idea what to expect, well aside from the fact people would be swigging away at whatever potent mixture they could find, but this is of course, standard for any Scottish festivity. The festival takes place on the striking and very scenic Calton Hill, so before the event even started, the atmosphere was set by the environment, and it got really exciting as the crowds started to build in anticipation of a bit of pagan revelry. The actual festival is a traditional procession, to welcome in the spring, and to celebrate the fertility of the earth. The procession really is something to see, and the beginning of the event, with the drum beats and obligatory lashings of fire, was truly striking. The procession then goes through various stages, of ritual dancing and celebration, which you follow round the hill, although I think it's easier to follow properly when you've been to the festival a few times, as I ended up getting a bit lost in the crowd. Clear some space for the 30th April, you'll enjoy it.
5	Normally I try and have at least slightly detailed reviews. Beltane doesnt need one.Let me try and describe the Beltane Fire Festival in 2 words... DRUID RAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's without a doubt the best thing ever. A hedonistic, sexual and downright mental fire party with 10, 000 people and a moving parade of naked, painted druids simulating sex through interprative dance and getting high. Take alcohol and I swear you will have the time of your life.
4	I've often seen this from my flat and wondered what on earth was going on. Beltane! I was told by a roudy bunch of passers by!It is exactly as people before me have said, it's a fire festival and a rave all in one.To be honest it's not really my thing..yea it's really cool and it's amazing to watch, but not for me. It attracts hippy-esque groups and most of my friends have gone there to get high.....!!It's nice to look at....and nice overall...but meh
2	I was massively underwhelmed by the fire festival, but perhaps I just did it wrong? We arrived around 10pm, waited in a long but fast-moving line to buy tickets, and wandered in to see a couple groups of body-painted torch-holders writhing around with joy. They then proceeded to the center of a huge mass of people and started some sort of performance. Couldn't tell you what that was like, as I was uninterested in shoving my way into the crowd to find a vantage point. There wasn't much else to do (unless we were hungry for fast food), so we left pretty early. If I were to go again, I would1) Either go really early (8pm) and enjoy the sunset or later (after 10pm) and stay through the bonfire at midnight;2) Bring a bunch of alcohol (in non-glass containers), and probably some snacks as well; 3) Go with a large group of people who could keep me entertained with witty banter during the times when there's not much going on.
