5	Holy mother of buffets!  All you can eat sushi and chinese food?  AND it's good?  And they have 4 soups and even cream cheese crab puffs!?  RAD!Now don't get me wrong... I didn't DARE eat any of the shellfish - that's just common sense unless you have a stomach of iron.The miracle?  $7 each.  SEVEN!?WOW.
2	The food here is wildly hit or miss, but if you're flexible and pay attention, a terrific seafood meal can be constructed at an obscenely low price.  I had 20 big New Zealand mussels, a raw oyster, 8-10 sushi pieces, dim sum, soup, steamed broccoli, a couple cooked chicken dishes, something called snowfish, Italy shrimp, crunchy green beans and Sprite - for $9.  Previous reviewer's caveat about raw food at discount buffets is well heeded, but on my visit, the shellfish generally outshone  steamtable entrees.  Cold mussels (steamed) were delicious with just a spritz of lemon - at a fraction of the cost in most restaurants. The mammoth oyster had a wonderful, fresh ocean smell, just like it's supposed to, and Alaskan crablegs disappeared faster than you can say "Deadliest Catch" or "Discovery Channel."   The sushi was freshly made but low grade (ie no really nice tuna ) and uninteresting.   A fried chicken dish was just terrible ( tough, chewy) and green beans were cold (malfunctioning burner?) So, scout around a bit, with an eye towards which pans are being replenished and which ones sit and sit.  There's probably good reason. My son and I really enjoyed our early dinner "adventure", along with several football players carbo loading, but this place isnt for everyone. It's quite filthy  and I wouldn't hang around the parking lot after dark.  Ambiance is westside All You Can Eat, and that eerie vibe from when this was Imperial Garden is completely in tact - like it's run by Chinese mafia kickboxers from Torrance or something. But that's half the fun, right?
1	Seafood sitting on Luke warm steam table, don't they know that is perfect temperature for bacteria growth !!!.Anyway, i am a seafood lover. Since I am already there with several friend, hard to go to difference place, I decide to try it anyway - big mistake - nauseate for rest of the day. My friends feel the same.Since none of us actually need to go see a doctor we did not complain to health department - probably should have. But holly shi*t. ....don't go there for seafood.
1	I got a coupon in the mail to try this place out and after eating there today I don't think I'd go back a second time. The lady at the front counter was about as friendly as a coroner and the place was pretty empty for being a Saturday afternoon at lunch time; never a good sign for a restaurant in general. A few of the hot plates/warmers didn't seem to be working and the stuffed mushroom caps were stone cold. I'd have to agree with others that the hygiene at this place was probably bordering questionable...my husband and I both feel fine 6 hours later, but we didn't venture into any of the seafood dishes for a good reason.The pluses - yes, there were a few - the place is great for kids since kids under 3 eat free. There's tons of little finger foods that my daughter loved and she gobbled down the California rolls. The "sushi" was the best part by far, but I wouldn't set your expectations that high. The rolls were pretty loosely rolled and there wasn't much variety, but for the price it sure beats what you can buy at the grocery store. All in all, I've had better. It's too bad this place wasn't as good as I had hoped since it's nearby and affordable.
4	I was driving along Camelback minding my own business when a big yellow banner caught my eye:  "New chef, new items, low price!"  Wow, it's a Chinese buffet!  Of course I slammed on the brakes.Fuji Buffet is a fairly large place, and it's real clean and pretty inside.  The huge selection of food (about 100 items) is brightly lighted as if to say, "Look at us!  We're not afraid to have you see us in good light!"  It was already working on 4-Stars as I settled into a nice booth & went over for the first course of my feast.  They offer a good selection of sushi, lots of seafood, & some welcome unusual choices & spicy dishes.  Everything was delicious, & the staff was nice too.  Excellent place!
3	The ownership continues to be in flux, and that makes me a bit nervous. Otherwise, this is one of the best Asian buffets to be eaten! There is plenty of American dishes to satisfy the not so brave, as well as things to challenge ones palate ( octopus, etc). The sushi is paid for with the buffet, complete with a sushi chef! It's a great deal for the money! (rarely said for buffet!). Even though the owners continue to rotate, I hope that this place contines to stick around.
3	If I had written a review for this place late last year, I would have given it one star. I first tried Fuji Buffet last summer and the food was good enough to make me return quite frequently at first. But as the months went by the quality of the food declined. It seemed that they were trying to cut a lot of corners, which was not surprising after the crash of the economy. But the food quality became so bad that I decided not to return.Early this year I saw signs announcing the "rebirth" of the establishment, but after my dining experiences late last year I wasn't in a hurry to try its new incarnation. Yesterday I finally decided to give it another try. The price hasn't changed, and the food ... well, some dishes were good (I especially liked the seafood delight) and the sushi array was decent. Some of the other dishes were just OK and a few were subpar. No oysters during this trip - I was hoping for those, as I've had them here during my visits last year; but maybe I should return on a weekend and see if they have it. I really want to give the establishment 2 and a half stars, but I guess 3 stars will have to do at this time. That may change in either direction when I update this review in the future. Yes, I intend to come back though I'm not in a hurry to do so.
4	Good food and actually good customer service!This is a new ownership compared to the last incarnation under a different name, and they are much improved!The food is varied and of decent quality; my Discard Pile* was very small.  There was an assortment of seafood, pork, beef, chicken, and vegetable dishes.  Nothing I had was too greasy, either.  The only item I'm used to that I missed was bean sprouts.  I dug the honey chicken and orange chicken, the pork spare ribs were nice even though the sauce was too sweet, but the beef short ribs tasted too much like plain old roast beef.  I don't like mushrooms but would bet that most folks would appreciate their unusual addition to the inside of the springroll style eggrolls.  The real standout for me that day was the customer service.  In a boofay? I know!My experience at Fuji Boofay was the exact opposite of China Star http://www.yelp.com/biz/china-star-super-buffet-phoenix-2#hrid:CjQqXNGlBOFi-aVdY6VWIw Allow me to briefly elaborate (ooh nice oxymoron)I walked in and had already noticed the quite clear signage stating that lunch lasted until 3:30pm and dinner began at 3:35pm.  It was 3:32pm. [dun dun DUUUHHHNNNN]  I braced myself for the worse (see China Star review), when the smiley young lady at the counter asked, "Do you want lunch or dinner?""I get to choose!?  Well, I don't eat any seafood.""Okay, lunch then.  You'll pay later."   ...and I'm led to my seat.Yea_eah.I think I like that kind of service very much.I will come back when ever I get my vehicle serviced next door.* I measure the quality of a boofay, especially its meat items, by the size of the pile of grisle, fat, and ? that is uneaten and cut off or spit out onto the plate.  Of course, smaller is better when it comes to the Discard Pile!
4	So Chinese buffet is my guilty food pleasure...and this place by far is my new place to go to enjoy that pleasure. I can tell I will be here allot!I can honestly say I LOVE THIS BUFFET!  I do Chinese buffet as my cheat day food of choice. It's all you can eat for crying out loud.So I have been to this place twice now and felt it was worthy of my time on Yelp.So I can honestly say that this is one of the largest buffets I have ever been to in Phoenix, I mean this place has so much to choose from I almost thought I was in Vegas for a minute. And in general everything is pretty tasty. The food at this place is delicious and trust me in the two times I have been there I can honestly say that I have tried pretty much close to everything they have that I like. Must tries, is the bacon wrapped shrimp, the Italy shrimp, they do have some great shrimp items...and any of the soups or deserts. Along with the orange chicken or any of the vegetable trays. There are a few thing I will say that I thought could be a bit better...the sushi is good...but get there early because it seems to sit out all day long, and if you are there later, it is definitely something I would stay away from, but buffet sushi I am sure is near impossible to keep fresh I am sure, and their egg-rolls seem to be very bland. And the crab puffs...NOW I LOVE ME SOME CRAB PUFFS...but I will say I am not sure that whatever is in these things is even cream cheese..it tasted more like allot of flour mixed in with very little cheese. The crab legs also seem to be a bit small, but they have fricken crab legs for crying out loud so I guess I can't complain. I will say that the staff here is very friendly and on top of drink service, and I really like the fact that give you the check at the end of your meal with fortune cookies like more of a traditional sit down Chinese restaurant rather than a buffet.I enjoy this place thoroughly, and suggest giving it a try.
1	yuk! the food was really terrible. bad soup, empty spring rolls, nasty dog food tasting dumplings. i don't know how you make crab legs tasteless, but they even managed to do that. someone mentioned the bacon-wrapped shrimp - gross! the bacon was hardly cooked. the pork shrimp was even worse. the orange chicken and the teriyaki chicken were ok. some desserts were alright - like the jello, ice cream, pudding, and cream puffs. i'm pretty sure almost nothing that comes out of the kitchen is made with fresh ingredients.  i'll never go back and won't recommend to anyone!
4	It's been almost a year & a half since I last ate here, liked it, reviewed it, & gave it 4-Stars, wondering why some people were trashing it.  Well, nothing has changed!  The posted reviews are still all over the place.  I've eaten at many dozens of different Valley Chinese buffets since then, so maybe now I can I finally discern the "One-Starness" of Fuji Buffet & tear it a new one...  or not!  Here goes:*  I came a little after noon, & joined a cheery, moderate crowd in this big place.  (Were all of them hungry for a 1-Star lunch?  Was it a hundred different people all coincidentally here on their very first visit & not aware of how awful it was going to be?  Come on!)*  The food selection was huge... 117 items, not counting sauces & dressings!*  The service was friendly & attentive.*  Various sizes of plates & bowls to choose from...  a nice touch.*  Comfortable booth, peaceful ambiance (even with lots of customers),  & excellent restaurant lighting... Front windows thoughtfully decorated to keep daytime glare out.*  The restaurant looked VERY CLEAN to me, just as last time...  NOT DIRTY (including the bathroom).*  The moderate selection of Sushi was attractive & tasty.*  Lots of seafood to choose from, & even some of the chicken dishes were unusual & special!*  Some REALLY GOOD stuff to lock in that fourth Star included the Buffalo Wings, pork spare ribs, Szechwan Chicken, & various seafood dishes, including "Pork Shrimp".  (This is medium-sized shrimp stuffed with pork sausage & seasoned, then breaded & deep fried.)  It was SO GOOD!!*  Lots of desserts too, including various flavors of REAL ice cream!=================================================Here's the worst I can come up with:*  There's a TV.  (It was playing low).*  The Hot & Sour Soup wasn't very good.*  The Cole Slaw was sitting out by the Sushi, at room temperature.  It needs to be COLD to taste right!*  The spinach was a blah, & little oily.Ok, so BFD!  Take those things away & there are still 114 dishes that are good to great.  FOUR STARS!!Lunch Buffet $7.39/$6.65 Sr.
4	3.5 rounded up. I can say I have been going to Fuji Buffet since they opened. I am a frequent customer that is becoming a little less frequent. This place used to be amazing and I'm afraid that its losing it freshness. My last 2 visits have only been OK at best. The place is always clean and service is good. What has been lacking is the buffet itself. Only about half the dishes are fresh the last couple visits and when asked to bring out fresh on some older dishes that need to be switched up ...they never seem to show up. Unless they did after I had left. On a side note: The food that is Fresh is Very good, flavorful. I enjoy the crab puffs and alot of the chicken and seafood dishes. Also the Crab legs. I'm guessing this is why the customer base is slowly getting smaller. In the past when I went here the place was always packed. Now not so much. I hope the owner or Manager takes care of the issues. Would still like to have a good buffet close to the house.
2	It's been a while since I've visited this buffet. I didn't have time to sit in, so I got a to go box instead. One would figure the to go price would be somewhat comparable to the sit-in price. Nope! Although the food is fairly good, the selections had some to be desired. When I finally took my Togo box to the scale...$15! What??? The weigh was about 2lbs! The cashier said that since I had 'mixed' items, by Togo price was $5 a pound! The mixed items include "any" seafood item! Then, she even charged me for the Togo soup ($1.50!) I was in a hurry and didn't want to argue with the cashier, so I reluctantly paid her the $15! Never again! Those of you who want to do take out beware! Read the confusing price tiers on the wall! I don't think I have ever paid $15 for a Chinese buffet take out, and I will never pay that much again! Fuji has lost me as a customer, for them to satisfy their greed!
2	The service is great here, however everything on the buffet is not great. The crab legs were small and they were sitting in water. Crab legs should be stemmed, not boiled in water. I do not like the old dirty carpet in the dining area. It made me lose my appetite. Besides that I probably will not go back unless I am famished.
1	Been here before and was mildly pleased with their food. Today, I was seated in a booth. As soon as I made my first plate, I sat down to eat, and along came this dime sized German cockroach!!! I immediately called the waitress over and she moved me to another booth. If she said sorry, I probably missed it. In fact, I decided to get up and leave halfway thru my first plate. Adding insult to injury, she already had my bill ready as I got up to leave. Yes, they still made me pay full price to eat in their cockroach infested dining area! Big FAT BOOOOO on Fuji Buffet! I hope Dept of Health sees this and pops you with an inspection!
4	Unfortunately, this good Buffet has closed.     :-(
4	I tried to come to this big place on 9/24 to eat & do an update, & it was closed, out of business, kapoot, with a big chain wrapped around the bars on the front door!  I reported as much to Yelp.  Days later, I contacted Ms. China through a phone number in a note that got taped up to the door that morning.  (Numbers are the same in Chinese!)  She said the place would reopen today, but not as a buffet!  Well, today here it is again, reopened & remodeled somewhat, as...  FUJI BUFFET!  Can you imagine?Inside, I asked Ms. China if she was the same owner as before & how long it had been closed.  She said yes, same ownership, & that they had been closed for a year.  Now, though, after having just reported all this to Yelp, I see Yelp reviews from just recently!  Obviously they weren't closed a year, & Ms. just made an ass out of me to Yelp!  1 Star!!!  "F" this place!!!  I'm out of here!!!     :-OOk, I'll be nice.  Let me start over:Fuji threw their "Grand Reopening" today at 11 AM after having been closed for a short time, & I ran in through the front door!  (My second Chinese Buffet Grand Opening since yesterday!  Life is good!     :-))The Sushi bar has been redone completely from the last time I was here, & moved up front.  There is also a Mongolian BBQ now!  They had about 110 food items, not counting sauces & dressings, easily qualifying it as a "Super Buffet".  The table service was lovely, & all the food was good.  There were a few standouts for me, including their fancy, just hand prepared GOURMET Egg Foo Young!!  Yum-a-mundi!!  The thick, battered, fish steaks were exceptional too, as was the fancy pork chop dish.Excellent new life has been breathed into Fuji here, & it's a high 4 Stars from me.  Just don't believe any answers you get from Ms. China!  She's the middle-aged owner lady you'll see running around in there.  She speaks confidently to you, while wild guessing what you've just asked her!Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.59/$6.83 Sr.
3	This is the place my wife and I like to go to for our regular dinner out. Nothing fancy but the food is good and kept fresh on the lines. The sushi menu is always fresh (no fish smells) and the raw mussels are great, but their raw oysters leave something to be desired.
2	Not very good at all. The seafood and sushi is sitting out for a while. All of us got diarrhea right afterwards. The serving staff was so sweet and helpful I wish they worked some where else because they really deserve higher tips.
2	Wish I'd read the reviews before I went here. The negative reviews are accurate. Not very clean. Not kid- or vegetarian-friendly. Very poor quality food. How can an asian buffet have so few noodle, rice or veggie dishes?? The staff are sweet, as someone else stated, but that doesn't make up for yucky food. Disappointed.
2	I used to eat here a lot and the food was hot and fresh and good.  Lately, things have deteriorated.  My most recent trip, the food was lukewarm and not very good and the service was seriously lacking.  I tried a piece of sushi...is a piece of raw fish supposed to be crunchy????    Very disappointed!
1	OPEN UNDER NEW OWNERS!!!!!  I WOULD RATE THIS PLACE LESS THAN 1 STAR IF I COULD!!!!!5/18/2012 Not asian buffet! Food is now mediterranean! and it's horrible!!! Baked chicken was so tough I couldn't get it off the bone, kabobs were over cooked, pizza was limp and stale. Baked ziti was tasteless and really needed some seasoning. My wife did say the mushroom soup was passable, but that's not enough reason to spend $20+ for two for a horrible buffet. Would not recommend to my worst enemy! I did tell the new owner how I was going to rate their new restaurant and she did refund $10. I was told they were going to change the name.......
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =The bad news:  Fuji here has closed (again)!The good news:  It has been replaced by "Mediterranean Buffet" with it's huge-for-the-type 77 main food items!  Come give it a try!     :-)
1	Was disgusting. Food wasn't fresh was cold and taste old. The one only fresh food the cheft brought out to us was a pizza that wasn't cooked, it was doughy with uncut  bell pepers on it the size of the whole pizza. The whole experience was repulsive. Worst 20. I've ever spent!!!!!!!!!!!!!
