5	Ok...So I wanted to do something extra special for my husband for Valentine's Day. I went into this shop to chose the items for a gift basket. What was SO cool? I was able to choose a HUGE selection from Las Vegas Fruit & Nuts (and completely FILL a basket for under $50.00). I walked in the day they we roasting nuts...OMG, mouth watering! The gold dust popcorn is incredibly addictive and the dark chocolate covered almonds are so tasty. I am SO impressed with this company that I will be considering them first when I need another great basket. Lucky for me that my husband brought the basket home and I got to sample their fabulous wares! Highly recommended!
5	I love this place for the two young ladies that work there. I can tell these owners love and care for this business. They say they actually specialize in chocolate, but which I believe because they have a variety of them here. This place must be great during Valentines day, or birthday tho. I love the spicy nuts mix.
5	Donna, along with the rest of the ladies, at Las Vegas Fruits & Nuts were extremely friendly and accommodating.  They created a thoughtful basket and incorporated our company schwag- NO PROBLEM!! I absolutely LOVED the "Country-Kitchen" decor of the store and will definitely be back to sample more fudge! BTW- the coconut fudge was TDF (to die for)!!! This is a MUST VISIT souvenir shop for visitors and locals.
5	Ok. I stumbled upon this place today and it was better than i could have ever imagined. The lady who helped me was extremely nice and friendly. She gave me a few samples and made suggestions. I got many different items but will ONLY highlight the toffee brittle. This toffee could be the greatest candy I've ever had in my life. It wasn't like the normal hard and crunchy toffee. It was smooth, creamy, crunchy, and soft at the same time. It's hard to explain but absolutely heavenly. I will be back. This place does not disappoint. A+++u
4	we usually order UPS ground ship for Las Vegas Fruits and Nuts.  The nuts are so good;  service and shipment are fine.Since its the holiday season, I just placed my order for myself and friends.(Note: They are so good - I just had to order some for myself as well.)
