2	I'm a fan of the embassy suites chain. Big rooms, nice buildings with large open atriums, free drinks at manager's reception and free cooked to order breakfast. I know embassy suites, I've stayed at embassy suites....embassy suites tempe, you are NO embassy suites.Here are my gripes in order of priority:1. Heating was broken and a call to the front desk resulted in a promise to "fix it right away" but no follow up action. My dad who stayed with us froze his tail off at night and felt sick all weekend. Shame on you embassy suites for failing to care for the elderly. (Yes it does get cold in AZ in the winter!)2. The Garcia's in the lobby makes the entire lobby reek of oily food smell. Great way to introduce the hotel to new guests. Walk in and smell the tex mex. 3. The service is ok at the front desk, but you are left feeling "on your own", much like a no frills hotel. I did not see "Embassy Suites Express" on the signage. The complex is huge, maze-like, and difficult to navigate. The front desk did not really help much with their directions to the room. My family was left wandering around far longer than they should have. This place is not like your traditional embassy suites with huge open air atrium. It looks more like a converted apartment complex.4. The breakfast and happy hour area is just too small and cramped. I wasn't very happy when i can't even find a seat during happy hour.5. The mini fridge did not work very well. It was barely cold enough to keep a drink lukewarm.On the positive note, they did respond quickly to requests for extra towels and blankets. The furniture was new and clean. The bathroom and mini bar had granite tops. The gym was quite good with brand new equipment and TVs integrated into the elliptical and treadmills.So there you have it. Stay there if you must, and try to hang out in the gym as much as possible.
4	Comfortable hotel although different layout than other Embassy Suites I've stayed at.  I really enjoyed the Manager's reception and cook to order breakfast.  There was a bit of a line at the breakfast though.  I would stay here again but I might check out a different Embassy Suites first.  Good value for the cost.
4	** THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR CONFERENCE SETUP, NOT THE ROOMS **As far as places to attend a conference goes, this place is just fine.  Setup is nice, centrally located so it makes it easy to skip out somewhere good for lunch (DON'T EAT AT THEIR RESTAURANT).  The sound and lighting was up to par, temperature was fine.  My only complaint was their gift shop didn't allow you to purchase drinks with anything except cash and they didn't offer free water except for the drinking fountains.  Lucky for me, some kind (and beautiful) woman bought me my bottle of Perrier after experiencing my same dilemma just one day prior.
2	My reservation:I'm not sure if the hotel or my company messed up my reservation.  I do know that when I checked in and the front desk clerk asked me if I was just staying one night, it didn't sound right.  I told her so, and asked how many nights the rest of my group was booked.  She insists my reservation matches everyone else's, and we are all booked one night only.  Hmmm....weird.  I wait for the rest of the group to arrive, check with everyone else and no, they are staying 2 or 3 nights.  At this point, I'm unable to extend my reservation because the hotel is fully booked.  No room at the inn, I kind of felt like Joseph and Mary minus the whole virgin birth of the messiah thing.  My room:The hotel seems a little old, but my room is updated and seems pretty nice.  I look forward to my one night of sleep here, especially after a long, grueling day of travel and meetings.  Alas, it is not to be.  My room overlooks the pool-patio-bar area which means all night I hear clinking glasses, jovial chatter and raucous laughter.  Usually I don't have a problem with people having a good time, but I was sooo exhausted I just wanted to sleep.  Eventually I drifted off, only to be awoken at the crack of dawn to the sounds of the metal chairs scraping against the cement as people  came down to the same patio to partake in the free breakfast.  I'm not a light sleeper-those chairs were shockingly loud.  I'm now running on about 3 hours of sleep in the past 48 hours.  Yawn.The food:Really, what is there to say about hotel conference food other than, "blechhh"?  The Embassy Suites chain has complimentary breakfast and cocktail hour which saved this from being a one-star review.  I didn't partake in the breakfast, but free alcohol can take the edge off many unpleasant situations.
3	the people are really nice at this embassy suites, but the facilities could use some updates as the rooms felt a bit old and rundown, and the internet connection felt as if all us guests were sharing a single dial.up connection.  i mean, i stayed at this hotel during a business trip from the silicon valley, so maybe my tech standards are a little higher than those of people who fly in to watch a baseball game or visit their kids at school.  the rooms have wired internet for $9.95 a night, but they lack wi.fi, which is only available in the public areas of the hotel.  i guess they don't want you taking your laptops to bed.the included breakfast and happy hour are great!  the custom.made omelets are really tasty even if the old lady that was cooking it kept forgetting my order.  i like the availability of fresh fruit at breakfast.  the happy hour is definitely a great perk for us business travelers.  actually, the night i stayed here was my first real business trip, and i was shocked at how much bier i had to drink on a business trip.  the bar was staffed by two college.aged girls.  it looked like a fun job for college kids.  they provided popcorn and tortilla chips with salsa.  i wish they had some more protein.rich snacks like buffalo wings or sliders, but i guess that would be asking for too much, huh?
3	Third stay here in two years.  It's o.k. But nothing terribly special.  ProsSpacious roomsBathrooms are niceBreakfast selectionConsPaid internetA/C is loud and blower is in bedroom part of suiteLong walk to room
2	It's decent and service is good, but the rooms are just outdated and the AC is noisy. There are many better options in the area as I found later.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. They offer complimentary breakfast, including omletes made to order. They also have happy hour which includes sodas, alcohol, and snacks all complimentary! Will be here again for my next visit!
4	I stay here for work anytime I am in Tempe, and I have enjoyed my stay every time.  The staff has been very friendly, and the rooms are clean and nice.  I like the "open-air" feel to the hotel, as I can walk outside and recognize immediately that I'm in Arizona.  The pool is nice, though the fitness facilities are just OK.  I also really like the breakfast, which features made-to-order omeletes and has a large buffet of offerings as well as the happy hour.  The restaurant here, Garcia's, is also nice when I don't want to get back in my car and go somewhere for dinner.  They've also recently somehow started an agreement with AT&T, so the Wi-Fi was free since I am an AT&T customer.  That used to be a big hangup of mine.
5	One of the best hotels I've stayed at.  I don't understand why other people say the rooms are outdated and run down.  I've stayed in many many hotels and this one is clean and modern looking.  The staff is downright friendly and strikes up conversations with you like you're old buddies.  They are all willing to help you out.  The pool area is clean and has a tropical feel to it.  The breakfast is wonderful as expected at an embassy suites.  Made to order omelettes, pancakes, french toast, etc. with condiments and actual freshly cut fruit.  They even bus your table for you.  The lobby is spacious and nicely decorated along with the free snacks and drinks during the late afternoon / evenings.  I also got a personalized written card to greet me when I got to the room.  I also really like the RF cards to open the rooms so no swiping required.  You can bet I'll stay in this hotel next time I'm in Phoenix.Only bad things I've noticed: A/C is a tad on the loud side, internet is not free unless you are a gold member, and the shower curtain is very absorbent leading to a wet floor sometimes.
2	Probably the worst Embassy I have stayed at (and unfortunately I stay here often for business related trips).  This is the older model Embassy that looks like a reformed apartment complex.  Rooms need a facelift much like the lobby is currently getting.  The staff is decent, rooms are relatively clean.  I would look at other options if vacationing in Tempe though.
2	So.. I need to update my review.  I updated at 2:06 am last night, but I don't think my mood was quite fair at the time.  Here is my full experience this trip:I check in, behind the weekly Edward Jones shipment, 36 minutes in line (-1 star).  It is my turn, the clerk is awesome... I have a "pool room" because of my Hilton Honors frequency (+3 stars).  Room is clean, a/c is set to a comfortable temperature, no complaints (+3 stars).I go to bed the first night.  My "pool" room also fronts Rural Road.  At 2:06am, Tempe PD chases a car into the parking lot.  In true COPS form, one of the officers follows the passenger suspect through the parking lot then ditches his car to chase (on foot) the passenger that is running.  He forgets to turn his siren off.  10 feet from my window.  It stays on for 7 minutes.  Ok, cool.... Cops have to do their thing, its over.... not quite.  Tempe PD then decides to take the driver of the car out  at gunpoint - via the loud speaker.  3:15, back to sleep (-12 stars).  The next morning I wake up, have the free breakfast... cooked to order.  It was good.. (you get 5 stars back).  I get back to the room after my meetings, my room is clean, my clothes respectably folded (+4 more stars).This is how they end up at a 2-star rating.  This is a very old hotel.  It is on the cusp of a shady neighborhood.  I would not spend personal money on this hotel. Corporate?  different story.The facts:  A room for 2 nights (Sunday and Monday) - $373                    Internet - $ 9.95 per DAY (unless you have absurd Hilton Honors points like I do).This is as fair as I can be based on my visit.  I am trying the Chandler Hilton on my next trip.
2	I am a very faithful customer to companies I respect and like, who treat their customers consistently well. This is why I typically chose Hilton Hotels, whether it be Embassy Suites, Hilton, Hampton or any other extension of the Hilton family. However my stay at the Tempe Embassy Suites was a huge let down. Despite the location being very central, located about 13 minutes from the airport, and 15 minutes from Scottsdale and right near Mill Ave., it was lackluster at best. The grounds are huge, and very confusing to navigate as there are separate buildings each with different letter coding (as in building L, etc), and upon checking in we were given our room number but absolutely no directions on where to go. When we stepped out to the outdoor walk way, we immediately got lost for about 10 minutes trying to locate our room that was in no clear discernible order, and no buildings were marked. It was also frustrating as the walk to the lobby and pool could take a while so a guest felt like they had to carry all their belongings they could possibly need with them to avoid a trip back to the room in 104 degree heat. The staff was consistently cold and somewhat rude, there was only one concierge that was helpful and friendly that I talked to in the 3 days I was there. The cooks at the included breakfast area were also very stand-offish, acting like they were completely put out to be at work, which doesn't really brighten the morning very much. The room was clean, and well kept, house keeping did a good job. The pool area however was another story. There was styrofoam bits floating in the pool, garbage was left around, and the towels were empty a lot (as we spent a lot of time by the pool). One time when I went in to ask the front desk for more towels the woman working scowled at me and was extremely rude saying I would need to find housekeeping to ask. It wasn't until I asked if she could call them that she obliged with an eye roll (seriously?). This was after walking through the outdoor walkway past two police officers who were there to mitigate a domestic dispute between two guests...awesome. I know part of the disappointment I felt was due to some questionable clientele but mainly due to the fact that I expect a certain level of service from Hilton and I was very underwhelmed by my interactions with the staff and plan on notifying Hilton of my experience. Moral of the story, if you get a chance to go here, I would opt for a different location.
1	Good luck getting their "courtesy" shuttle to pick you up at night. Called them before I got on the plane - told me I had to call when I was outside of baggage claim. So I did that. Couldn't get a human on the phone for 20 minutes. Ended up taking a cab. Lame.
3	So had an issue with the shuttle when I need to get picked up at the airport. Called the hotel for about 30 minutes - nobody answered the phone. When I got there - nobody was at the front desk - had to yell hello a couple times till someone finally came out. Didn't really seem to care or feel bad about the shuttle thing. The room was awesome and so was the free breakfast. The hotel is in immaculate shape. If only they'd figure out the customer service thing.
3	Review based on 1 night stay on the ground floor:In town for an event at ASU, Embassy is always the first choice.PROs:+ Upon check in, they gave us complimentary internet+ Nice welcome note in room+ Suite was clean and everything in working order, furniture in good shape+ Free hot breakfast (5 Stars for staff, very friendly and attentive.  Especially appreciated the extra care they took with the little ones)+ Price for night was fair at $105.CONs:- Parking - There must have been an event last night, because it was very difficult finding a parking spot- Power outlets, could use a few more power outlets in easier to reach locations- A bit noisy on the ground floor in the front room.  Not sure if this is the norm here or because of events.  If you want quiet, I'd recommend higher floors to minimize noise from foot traffic outside.Didn't get a chance to use shuttle service or pool.  Though the pool looked like it was well maintained.  If I'm in the area in the future, I would return to this location.
3	Outdoor corridor hotel & what happened to the cookies?
5	We stayed for one month.  The staff felt like family.  The front desk folks chatted with my teenagers every day and made us feel at home.  The breakfast cooks greeted us each morning and learned quickly how to make my eggs to my perfection.  Housekeeping would make the beds and organize my daughters stuffed animals each day.  We came back every afternoon with a smile.
4	For both business and non-business traveler!They have recently upgraded the main building - excellent improvements.The setting is several 2 story buildings in a courtyard.There is an attached Mexican restaurant, free breakfast, and managers reception in the evening,Very nice option for business or non-business travel!!Highly recommend
4	I came to the Embassy Suites on Rural to spend time with my mom and step dad who were in town from Portland, OR for my graduation from ASU - we thoroughly enjoyed the manager's reception (which is one of the sole reasons we often go through Embassy Suites in the first place). Free drinks and snacks are pretty much unbeatable and our experience was especially enjoyable thanks to our new friend Carla who wears a variety of hats here at the hotel. She was working in the bar both nights we came down for the manager's reception and she's phenomenal! So outgoing and extremely personable, she'll have you laughing your head off within seconds of meeting her. It's always nice and refreshing to meet someone who is so easy to talk to, and I guarantee she'll spice up your evening with just a few minutes of conversation! Chris is also a great bartender...check em out =)!
3	Good hotel and what you would expect at Embassy Suites with nice large suite rooms with fairly modern carpet, bed and bathroom.  They have a great bfast made to order in their on premise restaurant (eggs any style, omeletts, egg whites offered).  They have the typical cereal, bagels, muffins, oatmeal and toast as well.  Overall a decent business hotel.  Staff throughout the property are very friendly from the front desk, to the happy hour and breakfast attendents.Negatives: older facade hotel with 2-3 stories and courtyard setting. The biggest negative for business travelers is that the Fitness center opens at 7am (too late for biz travelers - and reason for losing one star in my rating).
4	We stay here for training with work, the rooms are nice and spacious, the breakfast is amazing and the shuttle drivers are super fun! Good place to stay with the family!
1	I stayed at the Embassy Suites hotel form June 16 to July 15, 2013. It was a very disappointing experience. Although the claim is that you  have a  suite with two rooms, the available functions are really spotty. I spent the time in two different rooms. I thought I could easily make meals and settle in there comfortably, but the refrigerators are very uneven and freeze the food and at other times the spiteful staff unplug them and let your things spoil. But I guess the worst part of the visit was being robbed. My room was searched by staff and my jewelry was stolen. I received no compensation and was challenged when after a investigation the manager told me that no one entered my room who wasn't authorized to be there. My misfortune, even after writing to the Hilton Chain I have never received any hint of compensation. There are no in-room safes. I would never recommend this hotel, you would be better off buying your own drinks and breakfast than risking a visit here.
3	There is a girl that works the front desk, who apparently doesn't like to do things within her responsibilities. If you are in the service industry, never speak to your customers with a disrespectful tone. I simply asked her how long the shuttle would take to reach the airport. She shot back with a, "really?!" Yes, really. Rooms are suites. The layout of the entire establishment is silly, unless you like mazes. I came here to host an event, their conference rooms are sub-par. The rest of the staff was extremely courteous, and management apologized for the rude front desk personnel. I appreciated the effort they made to rectify the situation and was extremely apologetic for the shortcoming of their one rotten apple. Will likely use the facility again because of their courteous sales department, and as long as I don't have to deal with unnecessary rudeness.
2	I recently spent a complimentary night at this hotel, complete with a dinner at the in-house Garcia's restaurant and a breakfast spread in the morning.Garcia's was great, loved the food, happy with the service. I loved that they brought chips, AND salsa, AND bean dip.The room itself was fine but nothing to write home about. Clean but definitely very old, with lots of water damage on the ceiling.The free breakfast in the morning was TERRIBLE. Words can not describe how bad this breakfast was...and I've stayed in a hostel that offered nothing but a loaf of bread and a toaster in the morning! Everything was completely inedible: potatoes were dreadfully cooked and so yucky I thought they might be fake somehow...imposter potatoes? Stale bagels, bacon that did not resemble any meat product I have ever seen before, coffee so awful it was undrinkable....you get the gist.The worst was when I finally gave up and decided on a bowl of frosted flakes...only to the find the cereal dispenser was filled with plain cornflakes, then topped off with frosted flakes. At this point I didn't care. I took off the top and scooped up a bowl like a shovel. Why bother putting on this whole spread if everything is terrible? Just some decent coffee and pastries that aren't stale would suffice. I know it's free and all, but to send guests off on their way on such a bad note is not helping matters.
4	I have stayed here twice now and been impressed with the accommodations each time. The facility is VERY well maintained, well staffed with very friendly people, has two bars on premises (one open all tie time, the other just at night - more on this), plus a restaurant. The pool and Jacuzzi are clean and pleasant, as are the surroundings; although it's just off the freeway, you never hear the sound of traffic.The rooms themselves are clean and comfortable, and are all suites. Each room has (generally speaking) two Full-size beds and a TV in the bedroom, plus a Full fold-out couch and another TV in the sitting room, which also has a mini-fridge, microwave, and two-cup coffeemaker. Good enough, right?Better: Free breakfast in the AM, with made-to-order omelettes and all-you-can-scarf cereals, bacon, eggs, fruit, juice, coffee, bagels, etc.  And free happy hour in the PM, with draft beers, margaritas, sangrias, wine and bar snax. Woot!This is about a 15-minute drive from ASU (on the other side of the freeway) and about 10 minutes from Sky Harbor airport, and 20 minutes from GCU. They are a great place to stay and rates are very reasonable for all you get. I will definitely be returning.
1	I stayed here since I had a meeting in one of the conference rooms while on business. I normally frequent IHG hotels, but deviated since this was more convenient for the meetings.  The layout is maze like and I think pretty typical of these "suite" style hotels. It's probably meant more for vacationing families or convention folks that a quick in/out business trip. The rooms were clean, and the staff was friendly enough. Our meeting in the hotel included lunch which was terrible, bugs in the salad. Yuck! Needless to say, I won't be coming back. The rooms and the price weren't that great, not enough to compensate for the food.
2	Updated Review based on 1 night stay on ground floor:One year later, back in town for the same event and some of the shine from last time has worn off.   The CONs seem to have been more of an issue this time.Parking was still very difficult.  Some event was going on above us through midnight and there was a lot of loud foot traffic and doors opening/closing.  Enough so that we had to call the front desk.  They apologized and offered to change our room, which was not possible since it was already past midnight and the kiddies were asleep.  Still not enough outlets in the room that are conveniently placed.  The next morning, had to call the front office 3x times over the period of an hour to get some extra towels.  Request for extra pillows/blankets placed online a week prior never happened either.The room we stayed in needs some renovation as shower fixtures were in bad shape and it was probably the most uncomfortable bed I've slept in.We thought that breakfast would win us back, service was friendly, but the food was not up to par with other Embassy locations.  Home fries were very dry, and scrambled eggs were not fresh.Checked out the next day and the front desk didn't even address any of the concerns or ask how the stay was.  Overall, sub-par Embassy Suites experience.  Will probably not come back to this location the next time we're in town.However, we will continue to go to Embassy Suites as the primary choice when traveling, just not this particular location.
3	Stayed here for 4 nights on a house hunting trip. The room was your standard Embassy Suites room and was clean and well maintained for the most part. The location is good being right off the Rural Road exit off the 60. I stayed on the ground floor but did not have any problems with noise or parking as the other reviewers had.Its great they include breakfast, although I have had better breakfast buffets at other Embassy Suites. This one did not have a waffle maker (I love waffles) and were out of bowls for oatmeal and cereal on a Sunday morning. I really wish they would have included free internet though, that would have made this a 4 star rating.
4	Went to a seminar here. The room was spacious, and the seats were comfortable. The sound system was good and even though I was sitting in the back I could hear the speaker with no problem. The hotel offered a continental breakfast which was decent. It included bagels, fresh fruit, muffins, with orange juice and coffee.If you are in one of these rooms though, be sure to wear layers. It's really cold in there!
4	Another short stay here for me on...you guess it, business trip. Checked in late but the girl was very helpful and pointed me towards my room. The room was quite a trek away, no problem despite the thick heat walking outside around the grounds to find my room. Perhaps it only felt far away because of being exhausted and the thick heat. The room was huge and very comfortable. I didn't even use the front "living room" just hightailed it back to the bedroom to get some rest for a couple of hours before my meeting started. I do have to give props for their incredible complimentary breakfast in the morning. Quite a large spread of food to choose from. Not your average day old pastry and soggy fruit array. I was quite impressed.
1	Zero stars if possible.  The management here stinks.  I have been going to Embassy for years and this is one of the worse places to go.  I have stayed here in the past and recently, was told that my room was no longer available (after I told them we would be arriving late, not once but twice) and still my room was gone.  Was giving another hotel at their costs but the room for this other hotel was so bad, it would of been better I slept in my car.  I complained to Hilton Headquarters as I am a long time Hilton Honors Member and said that management would call.  Management for this Embassy never called.  I was told later by varies folks (other hotel and clerk at Embassy and also corporate) there was more then one complaint and also found out that this Embassy tends to overbook.  Please at least send us to a hotel has was comparable to Embassy and not one that has bad reviews.  Never will I stay at this hotel...I will find something else...I suggest the DoubleTree Downtown...they are MUCH better and less expensive.
3	I'll give them five stars based on breakfast the rooms itself they need to update their air-conditioning system;  the rooms feel more like a swamp cooler than a regular AC unit. Not to mention hot humid the rooms feel because it's like a swamp cooler, i've stayed at different Embassy suites and never felt this before. Would've been nice if they had more towels available at the pool but after a long wait someone came along and brought some more towels. Thank goodness for the breakfast that's a bumped up  my rating to the three stars.
2	Just checked in for a 2 night stay.  Wish I had chosen another hotel.  I'm a Hilton Honors silver and my wife likes to stay at the Embassy Suites.  This one doesn't live up to the Embassy Suites standards.  The room is small compared to other properties we've stayed at.  The living room is so small you have to push the coffee table up against the sofa to have enough room to comfortly walk to the bedroom.  My biggest complaint is the room has that musty, smoke smell that happens when a previous smoking room is turned into a no smoking room.  I'm very disappointed with our choice of hotel.  On a plus note, very friendly staff.
4	For my quarterly business trip to Phoenix, I can't tell you how surprised I was to see the Embassy Suites Tempe with rooms available for under $90/night. This, the hotel I passed by every single time I decided to hit up Whole Foods for some fresh produce or wanted to grab a Jimmy Johns (yeah America... we still don't have them in Northern California), thinking how nice it would be to stay there, in walking distance of the shopping center, with such easy access to Highway 60 and the Loop.Once again, Embassy Suites do not fail with their huge suites and amazing accomodations for the business traveler.  If you've never been before, every room is a suite (hence the name).  The front room with an office desk, a small bar (no sink at this one, but a microwave/mini-fridge/coffeemaker), TV, and two piece couch with coffeetable.  A roomy and clean restroom sits between the front room and the bedroom, which has yet another work desk, television, and beds.  One weird thing... the rooms and the lobby all had a unique smell.  It wasn't necessarily a bad smell but very distinctive - maybe old carpet?  Not sure.Wi-Fi costs money unless you're a HHonors Gold or Diamond member but it was speedy and strong across the property.  Always want to give credit when hotels don't lockdown their TVs so worth pointing out that you can plug in your own devices into the HDMI ports and watch your own thing.  The fitness center was a good size, with a pair of benches, full rack of dumbbells, three treadmills, an elliptical, and a bike, and right next to the pool.  There are a pair of gender-specific bathrooms inside the fitness center as well, in case you want to change between gym and pool wear.Complimentary evening reception from 5-7, of course.  The breakfast in the morning was also solid with a chef at the omelette bar and a full buffet.  The one major criticism is the breakfast area is almost laughably small.  It seats maybe 20 or 30 people before they start sending folks over to the bar next door.  And since the bar isn't much bigger, it doesn't take too long before they're pretty much out of seating space.This location doesn't deviate from the standardized Embassy Suites experience.  Being a more spread out Embassy, rather than the square tower variety, you park close to your room, not necessarily close to the lobby.  It's only a two story building, but elevators and starcases are spread out so keep in mind the Arizona heat.  Definitely recommend a room on the first floor.  The sound insulation at this place is solid.
4	The service here was very nice and efficient. All at check in, check out, breakfast and the manager's reception.The room was clean and seems that it was remodeled within the last couple of years. My typical beef was no different here: give me a king size pillow for a king size bed!!! I don't like a pillow that if I turn on my side my head goes off the pillow. At least the pillows were firmer. Aside from the pillow issue there were internet issues. I could connect fine with my ipad, but not with my Windows 8 PC. I have a feeling their system isn't compatible with Windows 8, as I've only had issues lately connecting at Hilton hotels.
5	I would definitely stay here again! Good price for value received.Pros:Clean rooms Comfortable bedFree parkingBeautiful grounds with large pool, many chairs, hot tub, etc - very nice and relaxing for Embassy Suites!Breakfast was awesome as usual. Omelettes cooked to order, pancakes, potatoes, bacon, fresh cut fruit, yogurt, breads, etc. Also a nice eating area which was clean and serviced regularlyCafe served good coffeeCons:Hotel not located in a very nice leisure location but okay if you don't mind drivingWorn rooms - stained carpet etc.No free wifi
