5	EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!  I am SO glad I found this company! I hired "Vacant House Cleaners" to clean my vacation rental properties each time our guests check-out, so I've used them a lot (on the average about once per week for the last 6 months).  I'm very specific and picky about what needs to be done and how it needs to be done because my guests are not going to be happy if they arrive and the home is not immaculate. Liz and Roxie have consistently done a wonderful job each time they've cleaned a property for me. They show up on time and pay attention to details. They are trustworthy (I do not have to be there while they are cleaning because I know they are honest). They have been great to work with and I'm planning on continuing to use their house cleaning service on a continual basis. I have even referred a few friends to them and I'm happy to do so, since I know  that they will do a great job! :)
5	Liz and Roxie are extremely professional, knowledgeable, beyond thorough and offer competitive rates.  We have several rental properties, one of which is a furnished vacation rental.  We have used Liz & Roxie for  a newly purchased short sale vacant house, a rental house vacated due to eviction and several times for the furnished vacation rental between guest stays.  They accept the cleaning challenges that come with eviction, short sale and foreclosure homes.  I appreciate the close attention they pay to the small details and they are so dependable and trustworthy.  I feel I have high expectations for the cleaning results of my properties and they never disappoint.  I am so glad I have found them to help keep our rental business moving forward quickly!
5	Wow!  I am blown away by this company.  They were easy to schedule, very flexible (I had to cancel because my carpet company was a day behind and they rescheduled for the next day), pricing was great (at least $100-150 cheaper than 3 other companies that I called and that was just for 3 hours), and so friendly!  I cannot say enough good things about them!  Our rental property was disgusting after our renters moved out, and it smelled really bad.  After Liz and her crew finished cleaning, from 8am to 4pm, it smelled great and looked like a brand new house.  They even purchased new drip pans for our stove!  I will definitely be using them again and recommending them to everyone!  Very happy customer!
5	Liz was very responsive and professional, and thankfully got me in on short notice.  We unfortunately were stood up by a cleaning company we used previously (and once were very happy with!) and missed a whole weekend of moving in because of it.  I shopped around frantically and although I heard back from other companies, I chose Vacant House Cleaners because she understood exactly what I needed and quoted me a reasonable price.  They were prompt, very friendly and easy to communicate with.  She kept me updated by text and got the job done sooner than expected.  We were finally able to start moving in to our new home thanks to their great work!
