5	Just opened two months ago!  $20 for 1 hour with a hot stone on your legs. And they give a bottle of water! . I've been to a few on spring mountain and this one is the best one so far. The ladies are nice and definitely work hard. Good ambiance and is very clean. I would come back, no complaints!
5	Today I come the Las Vegas biggest foot spa! Here is a really clean and great place, ladies are do very well. And the price is really cheap!  This foot spa is the best i came before!
5	I came here with my girlfriend with low but fair expectations. I had gone to a different foot spa in Chinatown before, and it was ok. Pretty much what I would expect for a $20 an hour massage. However, I was pleasantly surprised by this place!We walked in without an appt and were helped immediately. There was no pressure of up selling. She just said, "One hour?" We nodded and were escorted into a two bed massage area. We were given cold water and soaked our feet in warm water. The massage people were sweet, attentive, and caring with their touch. And firm too! There is a bit of noise but for the most part, it's peaceful.It's a clothes on massage but they still work deeply into the muscles. They use hot stones on feet and calves which is amazing! I loved every minute of it! And for $20?? Hell yes! Be prepared to tip AT LEAST $5. I did $10 bc I enjoyed it so much.
5	This place is amazing!! I tried a few other places, but I have to say that I like this one the Best... It is soooo relaxing... The special they have right now is $20/hr and you get hot stones included.. The staff is nice and they give you a bottle water too.. Its great, def go experience.
5	This is an amazing place. Affordable price and great service. What else can you ask for? Candies saw that I was sick, suggested acupressure to help me, got both my husband and I cups of hot water to sooth our coughs. She didn't just try to beat the clock. She found my stressful points and slowly relieve the tensions. She went above and beyond and used hot stones on my back. Sigh. The name of this place is so fitting. You feel so relaxed it's almost heavenly. Like the other reviewers said, their $20 massage get you so much more, head shoulder legs. Place is so clean and well decorated. Don't be fooled by other places. This is the place you want your massage. Thank you Yelp for helping me out again. Be sure to tip the ladies well. They will take great care of you.
5	My girlfriend and I were visiting in town, we didn't want to pay exorbitant prices, but we're dying for a massage. This place was an incredible massage at a very reasonable price! We can't wait to come back.
5	First time here ... Was amazing I wasn'tExpecting a massage and the lady crawling on my back I'm amazed and will be back .... And my guy is huge they used two people on him 20An hour
2	This place is NOT 5 star place.  There are better places. Also, they do NOT give you the 1 free massage upon 5 unless you pay $100 at once, and you can only use it on the next day. So buy the $100 card one day before you want to get a massage otherwise they don't count that first massage you got. P.S- They don't speak English. Only Chinese. JFYI
2	Not sure I would call it heavenly. I assume it all depends on who you get and I am sure there are many other people that would give a better massage then the one I got.
4	Stuffed from Dim Sum we headed for foot therapy, super nice peeps, we lay back and enjoyed the fondling.  I put a stop to the deep pressure immediately and settled back to a gentle caress.  $20 for 1 hr, a bargain and I will go back for more, dark, soothing with just the quiet chit chat of the girls and the moans from the guy being pummeled next door.
