3	A new spot in Scottsdale, South Beach Restaurant and Lounge is tucked away in one of the many strip malls.  A pseudo sushi bar, this restaurant has a little bit of everything.  The atmosphere is nice however,  there is a much older crowd for the Happy Hour/ dinner rush on a Wednesday evening.  The menu has a little bit of everything...but don't ask the servers about anything on this menu.  It seemed to me that the servers were not trained on this menu because she had absolutely no idea.  After deciding to get the soup of the day which was a Southwest corn Chowder and a half portion of the Ocean Drive Salad I was looking forward to my dinner (always hungry after working out!)  My friend ordered the Shrimp parmigiana with creamed spinach.  This took forever and a day to get.  My soup was good after I added salt and pepper and the salad was also good but it was a typical bagged lettuce with added raspberries, strawberries (both were very fresh) and macadamia nuts.It seemed that South Beach Restaurant and Lounge could have potential for a nighttime younger crowd.   They definitely do have the space for them.
3	Went to South Beach last night (I got dressed up for this?  Good God!)I did not experience any of the food here, but instead went there for the drunken club action.  I couldn't even afford to get drunk, since one Tanqueray and Tonic cost me $8.  (I am not cheap, but COME ON!!)  My friend got a glass of white wine for $11, and I couldn't even explain what that watered down crap tasted like.  All I knew is that I better pick up a hot guy just so I could drink a little more.  Well, I couldn't even bring myself to find any type of guy.  The male population was almost senior citizen, and when I saw them dancing I was scared that I was going to have to dial 911 for a broken hip.  I hear about this Cougar talk...yep, this is the place to go.  And I loved how these women were dancing all over each other trying to get the attention of the lead singer of the band that was playing.  Sad to see an older lady trying to get back her Poison days.  (Maybe they should have tried out for Rock of Love)Big plus points for the band though.  (I am having a total brain freeze on their name)  While they mostly played cover tunes, they did have some original stuff...which unfortunately cleared the dance floor.  But they did rock out the covers, and very well.  (though, please do not have the bass player sing anything...that was a snoozefest)
1	What a nightmare!!!!Save your time, money, and aggrevation by not going to this dump!  Service was horrible and the food sucked too.  I have heard tons of bad things about this place and I thought it most of been an exaggeration, but is isn't.  I have never had such a terrible dining experience.  I will go out of my way to let people know how bad this place is.PS  The owners are a couple of jackasses- no customer service experience.
1	Won't go again.
2	Went there for happy hour one time and have not been back since. Pretty medicore service. When it FINALLY arrived, some of our food was cold. Our server seemed like she had MUCH better things to do...god forbid I ask for a refill! Speaking of drinks, they were a bit overpriced considering how weak they were..although, maybe I'm a bit biased there.I mean, they had just opened 2 months before but still....cold miso soup? Yuck.  Attitude? Yuck.If you want a great sushi place, try Sapporo or Sushi Brokers.
3	So overpriced and trendy... unless you order smart. Just get the Cuban Sandwich. I just moved back here from living in Tampa, FL. I miss the Cuban food, and this definitely helped. I did not go on a day I could get Paella, but I also don't know if I want to pay over forty bucks for something that will probably pale in comparison to the Columbia's amazing dish. Don't order drinks. They do not have prices on the drink menu for a reason! I enjoyed my mojito, but not after I saw the price. The servers and hostess had serious South Beach attitudes. If wasn't so homesick for one of my favorite foods, I would not go back.
2	There is a reason this place is not getting good reviews. This place is lost! They serve basically every type of food you can have and to me that means that they can't do 1 type of food very well. I went with a large group of people and was able to try their sushi, ribs, turkey club and a few other forgettable things. Not one thing stood out to me at all. It's a shame too because they have a great location and it seems like the owner is willing to sink in a ton of money, but they fail as a good place to grab a bite to eat.
5	I've been living in Scottsdale for about 4 years now. I've tried every restaurant they have here, from Flemmings Restaurant to Sapporo's Sushi. I came across South Beach restaurant because its close to Scottsdale Healthcare and I wanted a change of atmosphere. When I walked into the restaurant, I like the blueness mood.  Being that its so hot in Scottsdale, I recommend just walking into this place to get a cool idea. In addition, great place for music. However, for food, i did try the pork there and I have to say that it added a tender afternoon to my day. There's nothing better than great tasting meat that you can cut with a fork.  i was surprised to that for such a location and great scottsdale atmosphere. The food prices were ranging from $7-$24. Definitely not bad at all.I felt the service was terrific, definitely scottsdale worthy. I also tried the  sushi bar there and it was also up to par. Overall, great stuff. I will definitely be bringing my partners from work to try it out.
1	Sorry no....this place is beyond the point of no return. I really wanted to like this place because of the location...but it's simply not worth the time or money. Its a nice spot with a lot of money dumped in to the slightly cheesy, but slick inside decor. I believe there are two families that own the place, one owner was nice, the other one seemed polite enough but kind of left you with that dirty feeling from having shaken his hand.We got the impression that the latter, had all the control. Here goes:Food: On its own, the food aint all that bad, honestly...but the menu itself is awkward, clumsy, and as other reviewers have stated, totally gives you that all over the place feeling that says...we do everything..but at a mediocre level at best. Think a wannabe Fridays, without the corporate experience....like your college roommate throwing together a restaurant...unimaginative, uninspired, blandly flavored and just has zero style.Decor: Like I said, a little cheesy and cold due to the steel and wide open spaces, but meh....you could tell they spent a pretty penny for it.Service: Wow, we're bar people and so that's where we'll be usually...we've been here a few times....seems anytime they actually get a tender that knows what she/he's doing, they lose em/let em go? What your left with seems to be owner #2's totally inexperienced sons. Nice enough, but really...a restaurant isn't really the time to play "make believe bartender" to make a good impression on your 19 year old girlfriend...why not instead pick up a few bar books?...a dirty martini really isn't thaaat complicated...and I hate having to say that this place dishes the worst overpriced drinks in town...but if the shoe fits. I think another reviewer put it best when she said, lots of flash, but no substance...at the end of the day, this place is as shallow as the water runs. If you decide to go to this place REGARDLESS of all the honest reviews (the ones NOT given by the owners, or friends of the family)....stick with the beer on tap...they've got an admittedly  pretty decent selection.
5	South Beach Restaurant,I had a business meeting here and the staff was more then attentive. I love service that is noticed but can easily go noticed. Never having to ask for a new drink is always a good thing. I had the flat bread that was amazing with peperoni, and an amazing South Beach Dr. Salad with fresh Strawberries, cranberries, parmesan and topped with a light raspberry vinegrette. This place offers a little bit of everything and I will be back for seconds to explore the diverse menu further. I would highly recommend this place to anyone wanting to step out of Old Town to experience  a change of pace.
