5	We were just above Barstow when I realized the gravity of my error.   We had started drinking way too early this Saturday morning, ingesting 2 Bombay Sapphire martinis before 1 PM even knocked around.   A friend of ours had serious sorrows to drown, and we politely followed his lead.   Someone suggested Las Vegas around 5 PM and we were at the airport not two hours later.Let's just say that by the time we got to the Venetian, around 10PM, the sorrow-drowner was so shitfaced he puked all over himself in his room.   Thankfully, my wife and I went down to Banana Republic and were able to pick up some clean new clothes so this guy could continue his crusade to obliterate his liver.Banana Republic's staff was very friendly and understanding and we were in and out in 5 minutes.
4	Great place to go shopping when you lose all your money  gambling away in the casinos.  They have a great sell selection for those people who do not like paying for full price.  I recalling buying 4 pair of slacks there.  I like their clothing line and also, the mens cologne isn't bad either. Two thumbs up.
3	While the selection is a bit limited for men, the sale racks were just right.  I was able to score two pairs of dress slacks for $11.97 each, that's not a typo fella.  I also purchased a checkered pinpoint oxford dress shirt for $11.97 as well.  I strolled to the back of the store and picked up a gray long-sleeve thermal for $9.97.  Next I went over the women's accessory section and picked out a few nice jewelry accessories for the lady friends in my life.Let's see, 2 shirts, 2 slacks, 2 sets of earrings and my grand total was $78.  Not bad eh?Shopping is an art...
4	The last place I thought I'd find bargains, but I wasn't really looking for bargains in here. I went inside because we needed to burn time but not too much time since we could only go downstairs (when the Venetian was still the Venetian and the Palazzo was almost). I bought a high waisted skirt, halter top, tuxedo jacket, flats, some necklaces, and a pretty cute dress--under 200$ all, on sale at a really not-sale time. Impressive for being a BR, BR is chill.
1	I find  myself logging onto yelp just to review Banana Republic stores since I am an avid Banana Republic Luxe Cardholder shopper who goes to the extent of charge-sending items whatever state my item is in. At every opportunity I go to the Banana Republic in the respective city I am visiting to see the varying styles available. I am extremely disappointed with this store! Service was absolutely horrible. I know Las Vegas may have longer hours but that is no reason to not acknowledge customers and/or ask if they need assistance. I always remember who helps me so that I may do my part as a customer and give the employee credit for the sale while at the register. The cashier did not even ask who helped me otherwise I would have told them it was unfortunate that no one even acknowledged. Also, employees did not have a professional demeanor at the cash wrap and were chit-chatting while ringing up customers. I will be filling out my BR survey for this whole experience especially online.Again service was horrible and the selection was meager. Also, if corporate reads yelp reviews, I visited this store last night 2 hours before closing. I'm sure you'd have the capability to see who was the manager and what employees were working at this time.
4	Great sales going on during our visit.  Sales associate was a bit aggressive sending me into the dressing room with a very unflattering top that I didn't even want.  When I told her it didn't quite fit right she seemed offended and walked away.  The other associates however were helpful, enthusiastic and by far the friendliest I had encountered from any other venue on the strip.  Refreshing expereience that really left my last day on a high note.
5	Just had a great experience here. Service was amazing and the prices were actually normal, to my surprise.
