1	There's a reason this 60s university building had its own student paper campaign to nominate it for Channel 4 series "Demolition". It's hideous.Now I know some people like Appleton Tower, they see some charm, perhaps some imprint of a particular age of architecture. I can sympathise with this. But not enough. Perhaps if Appleton Tower was one of the only remaining kind in the world I might have reservations about blowing it up, but even then it would be a struggle to persuade me.What persuaded the architects and engineers of the 60s to build one of central Edinburgh's highest buildings in this ugly style which even then, the potential for becoming quickly dated must have been apparent, I will never know. It maximally clashes with the beautiful old town aesthetic.I don't know whether to give Appleton Tower one star or five. It's awful but in many ways I love to hate it, and I really do recommend in all seriousness (especially if you have an interest in architecture) that you check it out. It is a local "hot spot". The view from Appleton is actually spectacular, especially from the North East. Though as one saying goes, "you get the best view of Edinburgh from Appleton Tower, because you can't see Appleton Tower".
1	This is my first one-star review. And well-deserved. The land Appleton Tower stands on used to be full of old beautiful buildings. Buildings typical of Edinburgh. Until the University (bad University!) decided that it would tear them all down and erect hideous attempts at a skyscraper. Edinburgh is not a city for those. Not at all. What they wanted to create was a new New Town. But why!The word on the grape vine is that Appleton Tower got built because the university ran out of money. The architect showed the university his design and then told them how much it would cost. They grimaced. Then he showed them the other design. The one they could afford. He didn't actually believe they would accept it, but they did. And now we have a building that has many a time been voted the ugliest building. EVER.
2	Edinburgh is one of the most attractive cities architecturally with buildings such as Edinburgh Castle, The Scott Monument and St Giles' Cathedral. So why oh why did the University of Edinburgh sanction the hideous eye-sore that is Appleton tower? It really does look out of place and would look more apt in 1950s communist Russia.However, although it does look pretty disgusting from the outside, it is pretty cool inside, the lecture theatres are very much 21st century and very spacious and the tutorial rooms are all fitted with LCD TVs outside. Also one benefit from being inside Appleton Tower is that you can't see how ugly it is from the outside, so if you get a chance go to the top floor where you will be blessed with a beautiful panoramic view of the city.
4	BUT IT'S SOOOO UGLY!!!!EDINBURGH DOESN'T DESERVE A HORRID BUILDING LIKE THIS!!!I'M GOING TO CRY!!!The mass hysteria directed toward this tower really baffles me, and highlights how some people in this city really ought to get over themselves. I'm just glad that Terry and Jonny have managed to show a bit of perspective in their reviews despite the low scores, rather than jumping on the over-emotional, pitchfork wielding bandwagon that wants to see Appleton Tower burned to the ground.It's time for a reality check. Edinburgh is not a fantasy village in Middle Earth. It is a fully functioning, sizeable city where hundreds of thousands of people live, work and learn. Sometimes function has to come before aesthetics, and this well appointed, well looked after and comfortable University building is a prime example of this.While the 60s architecture may not be as instantly gratifying as having Schloss Neuschwanstwein on your doorstep, many seem unable to grasp that the mix of the new, the old, the pretty and the ugly is what gives a city it's unique fingerprint, and should be celebrated rather than demonised. Appleton Tower may not be a looker, but it's also a well preserved reminder of the decade when the old fashioned values, technology and lifestyle of the pre-WW2 era really begun to make way for the world we live in today.As far as 60s blocks go, it isn't even that bad, and has a great view out over Edinburgh. It wouldn't even cause a raised eyebrow in any other city, so shouldn't here, but if it was gone then the right-on Janis Joplin fans that scream for it's destruction would no longer have anything to protest about.
3	I've not used Appleton Tower as much as many others, having only had one tutorial in the building.  As far as ugly buildings go, it really isn't that bad!  Sure, it isn't pretty from the outside and can't compete with the likes of the Dugal Stewart building, but it's got some great facilities inside.  The upstairs classrooms are stylish with contemporary decor, new tables and seating as well as interactive whiteboards in the many of the rooms.  The downstairs cafe sells some great sandwiches and always has the smell of fresh coffee circulating.  All of it is fairtrade so it's not really cheap, but it's a great place to chill out in between classes and have some lunch.  As I said, I don't know Appleton all that well, but it has some great learning facilities and a pleasant atmosphere.
3	I was in appleton tower for the first time in a while for tech meetup - a monthly meeting where about 80 developers gather together to eat pizza, drink beer, and talk about things that I mostly don't understand being more from the end product side of the business. But hey. They can do the programming - I don't get awkward and flustered in social settings (that is a joke - well almost).The lifts scare me being old and creaky. The building has no opening windows and looks terrible from the outside. However it's actually fairly nice on the inside. There are plenty of offices, and they offer some for free to budding entrepreneurs. There is a cafe and computer bank downstairs for students. I sat exams in here at one point so being inside it always gives me a bit of a **urgh** feeling. However all in all - despite being the ugliest building in Edinburgh, it's A-OK
1	A campus eye sore...60s called, wants it building...What were they thinking...
3	A lot nicer on the inside than it is on the outside - just don't use the toilets on the 4th floor....
