3	A Subway is a Subway is a Subway?   Well, not always, though I've never been in a single one that truly came across as "dirty", some are better kept and neater in appearance than others, and this one is just fine.  Staff seems consistently (at least when I've been there) energetic, on the ball and friendly.  Food quality consistent and decent, if as-expected, unexciting despite what must be 1000's of possible variations.  The 3 rating is in no way meant as a slight. It's clean, fast, affordable, filling, offers a number of healthy options, and is consistent with what I expect from Subway - and that IS  A-OK with me
1	The product seems on par at this location but the service levels vary depending on who is working and/or what time you go.  The red head girl is constantly working and hustling every time I have been in the store.  The chubby hispanic manager Manny is very inconsistent.  Occasionally he is engaging and hustling but most of the time he is very slow moving and non engaging.  He seems very lazy and moody at times.This location does not have its hours posted on the door so you can never tell for sure when the place opens or closes.  I have been there in the morning and am told different opening times by different employees.  I have been there at night and the place is open and the doors are unlocked but they turn off the open sign and turn off a majority of the lights to make the place look closed.  I am not sure 100% why they do this but I have my ideas.  You can never be sure how your experience will be here as this place is a coin flip every time.
1	My son bought us lunch today.  What a total waste of money!  The bread on all three subs was like three day old bread. I had a blt and it was the worst I have ever had. How can you screw up a blt. I asked for mustard because that is how I like it. Well the mustard tasted funky,  just not right. The whole sub was dry with no flavor.  My son had to drown his with Italian dressing in order to eat it. My husband's sub just kept falling apart due to the bread being so dry. Subway advertises Eat Fresh. Well if you want to eat fresh go somewhere else!
