3	VERY TOURISTY - in a Cheesy kind of "Disney" way. Great for people with short attention spans, foreigners, travel groups, individuals, or anyone with kids (since you won't be stuck in the car with them while they whine for hours about having to pee).  The kids will love this!!IF you like bank robbers, Old Western Tales, and Horses you may enjoy this tour!  If you want to land on the floor of the grand canyon and walk around THIS COMPANY DOES NOT LAND ON THE GRAND CANYON FLOOR. They fly through and drop down a little bit below the rim, but you will be disappointed if your goal is to walk around in the Grand Canyon.  Undecided about which company to go with??Again -- if you WANT to land on the floor of the Grand Canyon this is NOT the tour for you.If you want to have a "western cowboy" experience you might like this tour. There is quite a bit of history at the ranch and the food isn't bad.Great guy at the ranch who walks you through everything but when we went it was a little beyond cheesy and disorganized.  They said that it was an "off" day and that they had several staffers out. They left us waiting in a white tent (which would have been killer in the summertime) and we were supposed to ride on a horse drawn carriage into the ranch, but somehow we ended up riding in in a van that was REALLY dirty and smelled like gas (someone spilled some apparently).  We were the ones who paid for the Helli tour!! They took the people who came on the bus in the carriage! You would think that the people spending more money would have had a few more perks than the people who just sat for a couple of hours and paid less.  Either way charging people an extra $39 to ride horses at the ranch when they are stranded in the middle of no where and can either "walk around" or "ride the horses" is such a racket!  Then again they have a gift shop too, and you can buy drinks at a "bar" area in the main dining room.  Ohhh and you can get a custom video too!!  $40000?? All in all a helicopter tour from Vegas is BREATHTAKING even if the company was a little disorganized. Being in New York these days sometimes I forget what open space looks like... well there was plenty of it on this trip!Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: N/AStrong suggestions: They have a bus tour too and they will fly you through the Grand Canyon on the helicopters. So if you don't mind riding out instead of flying then you will get the same view from the air of the Grand Canyon that we had when we flew in.  Don't forget to look on Google for coupons:http://www.vegas4locals.com/couponheliusa.htmlMaybe the company will wise up and give a complimentary bottle of wine or champagne to the people who fly in on the helicopters since they spent a significant amount money on their 3 hour excursion.
4	Helicopter ride over the LV strip...Heck yeah it was fun~! Heck yeah it was kinda scary~! They take you on a 10 to 15 minute tour of the strip. We went in the evening so it was really pretty. I made the mistake of wearing a short dress...almost busted a Marilyn Monroe...ya know what I mean?? NG. NG. Besides my dress flying up...everything was perfect and memorable. Don't I have the best bf in the world??
1	Not worth your time and money.  Hopefully the other helicopter tours over the strip are better than this.  Even if you do take this tour, make sure you get your choice of seats. They charge the same for everyone, but the 2nd row of seats is a 4 seater - which means the ppl stuck in the middle are SOL.  I had the perfect view for most of the flight - the top of the pilot's head.  The folks on the left get a decent view of the strip, and the pilot DOES NOT circle around to give the same view to the folks on the right..  Also, dont waste your money on the video - without exaggeration, it's 90% worth of documentary material, and the remaining is not of just you, but everyone on all the helicopters in your batch.  That means you figure in the video for about 2 minutes TOPS (if that)!   Would not dream of recommending this to anyone.
2	We did the 10 minute flight over the strip, the tour van picked us up in the secret Venetian parking lot in the rear where no one can see whats really going on. I had to squeeze in the back of this grimey van next to some odd couple it was the only place I could fit, luckily I am small otherwise who knows how this would have worked! My partner in crime rode shotgun rather than attempt fitting anywhere else in the dirty sardine packed van. They drive you to their office. The whole way I am texting my b/f my last will and testament, just in case! You get there and are told you will weigh in yay! You get some all you can drink cheap champagne in those fancy plastic cups ;) as you painfully wait to watch a safety video that basically sells their DVD's. Then you wait to get on another van that takes you to the actual airport. They pair you with 4 other people or 2 couples however way you want to look at it but it is done by weight. The pilot had the tour down he was very knowledgeable about the strip etc. I suggest not using your flash if the pilot says "ahhh Go ahead" I was dissapointed in the $35 video they get you waving before flight then again after landing its not even real sound and the dvd itself is just another advertisement I will probably never share with family or friends. You get what you pay for maybe?!?!  Next time I will check yelp first I promise!
4	THE FUNNight helicopter flight over stripYIPPEEEWow a city of jewelsFly when the Bellagio's dancing waters perform            How many peps can say they've seen the dancing waters from the            skySurprisingly gentle - little to no turbulenceNo driving, you are picked up at your hotel            Thank goodness since Vegas traffic SUCKSBOOOThe van is filled to capacity           Get to the van early if you & your party want to sit togetherIt's a 7 minute tour, no kidding           soooo NOT LONG ENOUGHOk. I agree things could be better organized           Their was about a 10min wait for a shuttle back to the hotel & no           direction as to were u should wait or how long it would beADVICEDress accordinglyIt's a helicopter, It's windyHigh heels & dresses not good for high winds & bending over to clime in & out of cockpits (heee heee that sounded naughty)
5	You haven't seen the strip until you've seen it from a helicopter.It'll change your life.Ok, it may not have changed my life as much as it did the lives of those who were married or proposed to on this tour, but it's nothing I'm going to forget too soon.Yep, Saturday night we took one of our best girls on a ride to help celebrate her birthday.  You can plan the trip just after sunset to ensure you have the rest of the night to party on.It's a night tour over the strip, with free champagne while waiting.  That's right...the wait is not painful at all.Other than the views, and the informative tour, given by Rory, the little hottie who happened to be our pilot, the thing I will remember the most is the friendly staff.  Our driver Michael and I chatted on about life in Vegas as he picked us up from our hotel and took us to the terminal.  The driver who took us out to the helicopter went out of his way to drive one of the passengers to the ladies room. Even though I disobeyed and took pictures with a flash, I was reminded very politely to turn it off.The only drawback is that they arrange passengers by weight, so I had to sit behind my friends.
3	Ok the flight was shorter than I had hoped for but the views made up for it.The free champane was the same stuff we used to make in-mouth mimosas in college the only difference was I can fit more in my mouth than the little plastic glasses they have.  The staff was friendly but slow, they told us to check in at 6:30, but our flight was not until 8:30 we did get a free shuttle back to the MGM grand which saved some cashOh and to get out there unless you have a car or are riding their shuttle, hire a cab, its a long way out there
4	I went on the night helicopter tour of the strip, and it was phenomenal. The main complaint I have is that it was too short!This tour is a great idea for an activity to do while in Vegas. The van they picked us up in was a little on the dingy side, but the flight (though only about 10 minutes long) was well worth it. Flying over the strip at night is a completely new experience, you really haven't seen the strip until you've seen it from up in the sky, in a helicopter nonetheless! The lights were brilliant, and the staff was friendly and professional for the most part. These helicopter tours can run on the expensive side so I looked around and found a $20 discount (you can find it at www.destinationcoupons.com) and booked online, which made it a lot easier and hassle-free. It's a great tour, very romantic, and I would definitely recommend it!
5	AMAZING experience!  I wish I would have known about the breakfast in the grand canyon tour, but the general helicopter tour in was amazing also. The pilot was awesome and kept us informed the whole way their and back. I recommend you do this while in Vegas!
4	We did the wedding helicopter package and got married on the night tour over the strip. It was AMAZING! We sat right next to the pilot and the view was so spectacular it felt like we were flying the plane ourselves!  There was the option to add a photographer and/or video of the ceremony. We added the photo package and were very pleased that we did. He took tons of shots and it was a great memory. Since the same guy who takes your pictures wil be the one who does the video we said "no" to the video since we didn't see how he could do both things at once. I'm so glad we chose that. One thing I would recommend is to make sure the microphone on your headset works before you take off. No one could hear me on mine and I had to say "I Do" about 10 times before they could hear me. Fantastic experience and anyone who is wondering about getting married this way will be so happy!
3	TOUR: So it all started out booking online at looktours.com. You get some pretty good discounts here rather than going to the company website directly. We booked the tour with the helicopter ride to Grand Canyon, tour of a cowboy ranch near the canyon with lunch there and optional horseback riding ($40 pp).They picked us up at our hotel in a white van at around 11:30am and we rode to the airport about 5 minutes away right next to the Las Vegas commercial airport. We then signed our lives away and paid the $40 pp airport fee, and watched an instructional safety video that had lots of advertisements for their dvd you can purchase. Afterwards we waited about an hour to actually get onto a helicopter. Geeez!! We had booked all day there but still an hour? Once getting onto the helicopter we started our ascent. Our pilot on the way there was great! Taught us a lot giving us neat little facts about each landmark. However, the pilot on the way back was pretty much mute. Bummer but did answer questions when we asked them.We arrived at the ranch and got on a 5 minute horsedrawn carriage ride to the ranch. We had lunch which consisted of BBQ chicken, cole slaw, baked beans, corn bread, and water. Vegetarian options were available so I got the veggie burger patty, which must be specified beforehand. While we ate lunch we were serenaded by a cowboy in a guitar that sang extemporaneously songs that were tailored to the guests. Since we were from Georgia he sang a song about peaches. Actually, pretty impressive how good he was on the fly. Obama was coming into town that day so they were closing down all the airspaces at 4:30pm. Thus we didn't have time to spend at the ranch which was an integral part of the package! We didn't even get to do horseback riding as we were promised the opportunity! Outrageous. We were quickly ushered away at lunch only getting to pet the horses a little then we were off back to the helicopter.On the way back we had a more scenic view the canyon, Ring of Fire (rock formations that are red), and the strip. We got back by 4:30 to the hotel.RETAIL: They have a little shop of souvenirs at their office including cowboy hats, sunglasses, etc. They also sell the dvd that you can share the cost of if you are riding with other groups since they offer a better deal with more dvd's that are ordered. We didn't get one since we had our camera video. RULES: No pictures allowed while outside the helicopter at the airport but once inside the helicopter any media is allowed. Every person is required to pay a $40 airport fee not quoted on any tour costs you will find online.SERVICE: Very good! Including the staff at the office and ranch, pilots. PRICES: With airport fees included, the cost was about $300 pp. The manager did refund me $179 due to our shortened stay at the ranch giving us the difference between the helicopter tour without the ranch tour plus an inconvenience refund. We should have gotten refunded more.CONCLUSION: Pricey but a wonderful experience.  Stars docked due to shortened trip due to Obama and time wasted due to waiting. The family loved it as they had never been in a helicopter before. Probably next time though would want to experience the grand canyon in a another way like river rafting, hiking, going to the skywalk.
5	Proposed to my girlfriend on July 4th as the helicopter flew over the firework display above the Caesars palace. Originally when we called to confirm our flight we where told that we would not be flying over the firework celebrations. While they where lining everyone up to go into their respective flights, the fire works lit the sky And we where told we where going in the air just in time to fly above the dazzling city sky. It was a Devine fate if you can call it, magic.Booking was painless and easy. These guys where the cheapest I was able to find for a Vegas night flight. 69dollars a person. There was an additional fuel fee of 10 dollars a person I found at the end but it was no big deal I still saved money and she is worth every penny.The actual flight was great our pilot chuck was friendly and informative from the minute the tour started to the very landing. It was a completely different experience flying in a helicopter for our first time.Helicopters seat 6 passengers + 1 pilot. 4 seats in back 2 up front with pilot. While flying everyone communicates via headsets the blades of the helicopter make it impossible to communicate otherwise. Everyone can hear what you're saying that goes for the pilot and passengers.Ground staff was very organized, and each member took their job very seriously. Everyone was very professional  while we checked in and waited we where given complementary champagne.Tour brought us up the strip over old las Vegas over Fremont street, to loop around the stratosphere on our way back to the airport. Now for the cons.Boring safety video that everyone was forced to sit and watch. Which was really a poor excuse for the company to sell you a video of your helicopter ride.Cheap champagne, it was free.Terminal might be far for some people as it's located at the airport.Flight was aprox 10 minutes long. We must have been waiting in the lobby after check in for an hour. In their defense all the tours I looked at averaged about the same. time.
4	We booked our tour through Viator as I thought it would be cheaper.    However, in comparison with other tour providers the prices were very similar, it only depended what kind of tour you would prefer and basically how much time you had.   Initially I was a bit biased as I could not find many reviews on Viator but they were selling HeliUSA tours and turned out to be very professional and reliable.   Our pilot Alexander was very informative and enthusiastic tour guide.   Overall the experience was really amazing to admire all the stunning views from the air.    It was about 1h flight via the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam, Lake Lead.   Grand Canyon as one of the Seven Natural Wonders Of  The World proved its beauty entirely.
3	OK, I admit it... I endured a time-share presentation to get a free helicopter ride. At first, I questioned if it was even worth it. The wait was lengthy -- about an hour. We had to watch a safety video where more than half of it was about trying to up-sell you a video of your helicopter ride. On the plus side, there is free champagne to sip on while you wait.In the end, it was worth it. Although it was a pretty short ride (about 10 minutes), the view of the strip is really gorgeous by helicopter. I'd never been on a helicopter before, so it was a fun experience that left me wanting more.
3	This is my first helicopter tour of the Las Vegas strip, which was okay, but not satisfying. Being a local, and trying something new, I wanted to see Vegas from a whole different view. So Heli USA had discounts for locals, so I decided to go with them. Arriving to the place, was a bit confusing, cause its a small office right next to other airline businesses. But usually, if you are a tourist, they probably will pick you up at your hotel, or at least MGM. Which would probably suck, if your coming from other casinos and MGM is the only hotel they'll pick you up. But,  I'm not 100% sure, how they pick up tourist. At first, we checked in, had champagne and do a little briefing on what is expected of you as a passenger and understanding on how to get in and out of the helicopter. Last thing you probably want to do, is get hit by the blades, so it was cool that they show us safety procedures on entering and exiting the helicopter. That itself, plus waiting for the shuttle, took about 20-30 minutes, before we went onto the platform where the helicopter was. When we arrived, we were picked individually, not unless you went with family, by weight. They want to make sure that the helicopter was able to lift properly. Unfortunately, those who way 150 or more, will end up sitting in the back. So it was kind of a bummer that I got stuck in the back. Its also sucks when they stick you with other heavier people in back. I realize how small the helicopter was, especially trying to fit 4 people that probably way over 200 lbs, in the back. Its like trying to fit 4 people in the back seat of a Volkswagen Beetle. After loading, we made sure we got our headsets, and ready for lift off. I was a bit unhappy with the fact of being squished by the window and a big person, that I couldn't really video tape, due to limited movement. But having the window seat, isn't all that bad, when your main focus is to look at the Vegas Strip from a different view. Its about 10-12 minutes to be squished against the window and try to enjoy the view. So I guess it wasn't that bad, it probably could of been worse. But the view was nice, and get to see Vegas from a whole different view. I did like getting close to the stratosphere to actually see people walking around, and flying over the Fremont Experience, which gives a good birds eye view of the place. Seeing Bellagio Water show, was kind of amazing.  Also City Center is very nice from the helicopter.  Its better then looking it up on Google earth. Overall, I would say it was okay. I would recommend it, if you want to see Vegas from a birds eye view. If you way more then 150, your chances our very slim, that you'll be sitting in front. With that in mind, expect to be sitting with other people that weigh more then 150. It is a tight squeeze, so don't expect much movement. But if you go, maybe bring 5 of your friends, cause I think one helicopter fits a total of 7 people, including the pilot. 3 in front (pilot and 2 passengers) and 4 in back. You might have a bit of an advantage being with 5 other friends. As for the champagne, don't expect much with that.
4	The helicopter ride was fun and exciting! Great wait to see the Vegas strip from another point of view. Very pretty at night time. The wait to get on the helicopter was a little long. I dont think they had many helicopters flying that night. Anyone that hasnt dont this should do at least once. Once again it was pretty fun.
1	Originally my wife and I were thinking about a trip to the grand canyon on a helicopter but decided against it on this trip because of cost and time. When we saw the ad for this company in the in flight magazine I thought it would be a decent replacement. I was wrong.We took a cab to the terminal which was dark and quiet. The office, looks like the waiting room at my mechanic's shop. There were about 30 plastic glasses filled (2 oz) with champagne. Restrooms were out the door, over the curb divider into the other building.  The safety video warned us of the dangers of walking into the prop and not pre ordering a DVD of our soon to come "amazing" experience. After a fairly long wait (20 mins) we were the third of four groups loaded into a van to go to the helicopter. When our group go there, we were told to get on another van (the waiting van) where we saw folks from the first two groups to leave the "shop". A funny Canadian summed it up best when he said "whatever buzz I had when I got here is now gone"! Seeing the strip at night is pretty cool but the trip is very short about 8 mins and you are literally crammed in with 5 others including the pilot. The pilot has a shtick he goes through as if he has said it a thousand times before. When we got off the helicopter, we were given a courtesy shuttle out to the south strip where we were let off in the dark back area of a casino and told to walk through the doors and keep going to a cab stand. All of this being said, what I think did it for me was pushing for gratuities. I am a decent tipper and was planning on tipping the pilot after the trip but I get really turned off when gratuities are asked for on a sign in the shop, in the safety video, on a little sign on the dash of the helicopter, on the way out to the tarmac etc. Very tacky in my mind. If you have to ask for tips, isn't that similar to begging?
2	I bought a Living Social deal here...and I think everyone else and their mother did too. I spoke with Cherelle, who was super friendly on the phone, and she said my reservation was for 6:15pm. We arrived around 5:30pm and waited and waited and waited! Finally around 6:20pm I asked a man handing out armbands (this is how they categorized you by flight manifest)  if maybe somehow I missed my name being called and his response was "well, we're a little busy." Really? OK, I can see that but I have a reservation. He told me I would get called soon. 6:45pm rolls around and I'm ready to leave. I walked up to the woman at the front desk and told her I wanted a refund because I couldn't be waiting around anymore--this was ruining my entire night. We had wanted to see a show after our helicopter ride and hadn't eaten yet, which we assumed we would have plenty of time since Cherelle told me total time there would be an hour. The ride is only 15 minutes for goodness sake! The woman at the desk told me they couldn't refund my money and she checked my reservation--it was at 8pm. At this point I'm boiling mad but trying to keep my cool. I told her I wanted a refund or to be on the next ride out. She assured me that I would be next and that she would give me a free DVD of our flight. OK, at least she offered me something for their royal mistake. However, we weren't called until after 7pm and didn't finish until around 8pm. The actual ride was awesome and if it hadn't been for the fact that my boyfriend was pretty excited about it, I would have just left earlier. We ended up missing the show we wanted to see (this was our last night in town) and just went out to dinner. I think this could be a great thing if they were more organized. Over-booking people and making them wait around for three hours just isn't acceptable. There were a lot of aggravated people in the waiting room and I really wouldn't recommend it. For the amount of time you're waiting...just try and get a window seat on your plane ride home. The view of the strip is almost as good as it is in the helicopter.
2	Channel 70 Productions is checking out helicopter operations for a book trailer shoot and a pilot friend recommended this operation.If not for a great pilot and nice desk staff and dispatcher, this would get a 1 star rating. Although not marked  'no parking', don't park in front of the building or you will be asked to move your car. The reception area is ok and the wine is a nice touch. The videos on the TV's are all in poor quality SD video.The 'safety briefing' is really a video pitch to a captive audience where more stuff to buy is pushed on you to buy. Very tacky since safety is so critical to helo operations.The ride itself was super. Our pilot, a former traffic pilot for Los Angeles TV stations, was chock full of local info. And, he was a superior stick. I was extremely lucky and got the other front seat for the flight and got some great HD footage of The Strip at night. The people stuck in the two middle seats in the back complained of lack of visibility for photo taking. One of the passengers with a door seat said he couldn't get his camcorder into position because 4 people crammed into the second row was just too much. I remain thankful for my luck.I had to laugh at the signs posted throughout the operation warning about being prosecuted for taking photos on the ground while around the helicopters. What a joke. The airport has a public observation area available for photos, I can clearly see the area from several hotels, and for the best photos, I can use Google Earth.Helo-USA needs a marketing makeover. They need to remove the sleaze factor. There is plenty of that in town already. Lastly, someone please get some HD video in there and remove the second rate feeling of the place.
2	Visited February 2012I decided to see the strip from a different view after 20 years of living here. Found a deal online making the fly over the strip $30 less.My main thoughts:1) Having booked the flight on Valentine's Day, I would have thought that Heli USA would have taken the increase in customers in to account. On the phone, a worker had told me that there was a reservation for 6:15. My girlfriend and I did not "enjoy" the strip of Las Vegas until around 7:30.2) The ride itself was okay. It was amazing to see the bright lights of Las Vegas from high up in the sky, but for waiting over an hour, the ride was quite short. We also had to share the helicopter with 2 other couples, which I think the 6 of us agreed erased any type of romantic atmosphere. We were lucky and got the front seats by the pilot. Our view of the strip was amazing. I can not say the same for the 4 who had to sit in the back seat.3) How Heli USA continues to receive business is beyond me. The disorganization is evident throughout the staff. They looked as if they had never seen an influx in customers before. And the method by which they transport the next groups from the building to the helicopters is strange and inefficient.It was fun and I can now say I have been in a helicopter, but I would much rather recommend tourists to just walk the strip instead. Thank you to the pilots and the crew outside (probably the only people that knew what they were doing).*if you are going to purchase this, read the fine print. (refunds, time delays, etc.)*
1	May I preface my review by saying the view of the strip at night is absolutely breath taking and worth anyone's time. However the company should change their name to Hell Air. We were told to arrive one hour before our flight which was at 9 pm. We arrived promptly at 8 and were "greeted" by a fairly snippy clerk who told us since we were there so early she might be able to get us on an earlier flight."Well you can either wait or come back". Why thank you Snippy. The waiting room started to fill up with people with various groupons,coupons,etc.  Champagne in plastic glasses was plunked off to the side. Then the real chaos set in. An instructional video was playing ,no one knew when to view it. We herded ourselves in to the group. Wandered back in to the packed waiting area.  A hostess manager/ whatever in a tight dress and sky high heels(yes I realize it's Vegas but lets be professional) emerges,exudes tons of questions on some foreign visitors,ignores everyone else. Some wrist bands were given out by another person. To make a long story short,we finally were seated on the helicopter at 945. The pilot was wonderful. This has to be one of the most disorganized,chaotic companies I have ever seen.  The whole experience was troubling at best. My advice to anyone who wants to see the strip at night,go to another company!
1	I am kicking myself for not checking yelp before I booked this!!!!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!! The night flight helicopter tour over the strip was extremely disappointing. For the people on the side of the strip that it flew by I'm sure it was amazing. For the middle people, and the people on the complete opposite side - my boyfriend and I, it was a view of the hands and cameras of the 4 people in front of us. So disappointing, extreme waste of time and money. The photos that you see are the ones from the lucky people who got to sit by the window with the view of the strip.
1	Never again.  An hour waiting in line...just to get to the reservation counter; this caused a 40+ minute delay.  Staff is inattentive in their offices, letting people cut in line, etc.  This place needs a management overhaul and customer service skills.  We were scheduled to fly at 9pm and didn't board a helicopter til 10:45pm.  Unacceptable!  Thanks for wasting mine and about 40+ customers time.   DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!
1	We scheduled a 9p flight with Heli USA for Aug 24, 2012. We called the day before as requested to confirm the flight and were asked to show up 30 minutes prior. We decided to be proactive and get there 45 minuets prior as we had some extra time. We arrived to a hectic lobby with a line almost out the front door. We were not helped until 9p after waiting in line and were told we'd have to wait an additional 20 minuets before we would receive a safety instruction and then be bussed to the take off location. The next two hours and 15-30 minuets we waited in the lobby which was way over capacity and was filled with angry passengers. We complained about our wait time and were given little sympathy. We were offered a refund in which we did not want, so instead she said I could ride up front. Finally around 10:30 - 10:45 we were given wrist bands, and shortly after bussed to the take off location. We got out of the bus and were directed to board the aircraft with no safety instruction of any kind. There was no preferred seating, like she offered me due to the long wait. The helicopter lifted after we were strapped in our seat belts and we were surprised the pilot was silent. We received no narration of what was beneath us on this short but visually impressive flight. Even after we landed the pilot said nothing. I was prepared to tip but wouldn't because we weren't even offered a simple hello. Overall we were not impressed and have no plans to use this company ever again.
5	This is amazing! My friend and I took the night tour of the Las Vegas strip. The total trip is about 20 minutes. You cab to the office, after sign in you are shuttle to helicopter. It's cool to watch them take off and land while you wait for your turn.Our helicopter holded 6 (some hold 5). It's a tight fit - so be prepared to get close to your fellow passengers.Try to sit on the left, that's the side you see the strip from. My friend and I sat on the right, it's still a fantastic ride. I asked one of the other passengers to take some pictures for me, which they happily did. This is an incredible experience. It's so fun and you get a great shot of adrenaline!We had a half off Groupon, so it was a great price. It's worth the full price too.Their customer service is great - they are friendly and fun.
5	What a great experience & beyond amazing service!! I recommend the Las Vegas Night flight to everyone!! I've been to Vegas a lot but to see the city this way. It was so amazing and beautiful. We bought a groupon and went for a friends birthday and we had a blast! There was complimentary champagne. Staff was so nice and friendly when we checked in. Everything was done in a timely manner as well. I want to give a big shout out to Aaron who was so nice to us and was beyond helpful with questions and also made sure we were taken care of. He was fun and personable perfect for the job. He made our experience worth it! He even drove us back to the strip!Thank youo Heli USA for such a great experience and made my friend's birthday!
2	I was disappointed in this company.  I purchased their package for the strip night tour based on price and length of the flight.  There are many vendors and I wish I would have selected another.  It turned out that the price was higher than quoted on the internet, because it did not include fuel surcharge, but there was no mention of the fuel surcharge in the "Best of Las Vegas Tours.com" description.  Also, the BOLVT website said the flight time was 20-25 minutes.  When the flight began, the pilot announced it was 10-12 minutes.  When I contacted BOLVT with my complaint about the discrepancy, they said it was a typo on their webpage (which they have now corrected).  The time it took to get to the facility, wait in the terminal, shuttle to the launch pad and wait for another tour to go before ours, then the extremely short trip of 10 minutes, where I was cramped into a middle seat and couldn't see much of anything, then waiting about a half hour in the shuttle after the trip before they bussed us back to the terminal, was not worth the time and money.  I was very disappointed in the reception and processing in the terminal.  The person working at the desk was a brand new employee with no formal training.  She was causing a lot of stress with the customers by insisting she needed a "voucher" not an email printed confirmation of the reservation.  It turned out my name was in the system, but she had me very concerned for a few minutes.  Then the surprise extra charge, even though the Heli USA confirmation email said that after my deposit the "Total Due at the Terminal is XXX" which included taxes and fees -- that was not true.  The total was an additional fuel charge added on.  Once my son and I finally were told our reservation had been processed and we could be seated in the terminal, where it was extremely warm and not air conditioned, I was already regretting that I had booked the reservation. The lines were extremely long, and nobody seemed to know what was going on.  Someone came out and asked for groups 3 and 4 to go to another room for a safety video, and then I realized that we were not told we were assigned to a group.  I had to go back to the front desk to find out what group we were assigned to.  In the helicopter, they cram 6 people into a tiny cabin space.  I think the only people who got to see much were sitting next to the window on the inside that faced the strip.  I was in the middle. The person on the other (outside) window would not have been given a good view either direction because we did a circle around the strip.  There was a very confusing tutorial about how to work the gadget that controlled the headphones. The music really sucked and needs to be improved.  The pilot was boring.  A little bit of humor might have helped.
5	Had an amazing experience one of the best ways to start your birthday weekend! Wait wasn't vary long and the staff was very attentive but what really made our experience the best it could be was the employee Aaron(with the dreads) he went completely out of his way to make sure we had a great time and I really appreciated it.
3	This was my 2nd helicopter experience.  The first time elsewhere I was completely motion sick.  I was very hesitant to try again but got tickets as a birthday gift.  We arrived on time and waited over an hour for our flight time.  Luckily I had generous servings of champagne. You are driven on a shuttle to the helicopter.  The helicopter was nice and clean.  They request for no flash photography, most everyone was using flash. I would say the Las Vegas Strip would be the least exciting view for me. I sat on the left and had the best view outbound and inbound. It is unfortunate for everyone seated on the right.  The flight felt no more than 10min.  You get as many photos as you can and next thing you know you are right back on the ground.  For the amount of time I spent waiting, if was not worth it. I would not have spent my own money on this.  I can see most of everything when flying into Las Vegas from the airplane. I'm just grateful I was only slightly shaken and didn't get sick to my stomach.
5	Best adventure of the trip! Big Rich was a fabulous tour guide. He was so knowledgable of the area and kept us entertained. We got a personalized trip catered to our needs. Big Rich drove us to the ranch where we ate a great meal, rode horses, and took an amazing heli trip into the canyon. We were treated very personal. It did not feel like we were being run through a moneymaking factory. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY.
2	I bought a 30 minute FLIGHT package with Champagne for my parents for a Xmas present. Their flight was for Dec. 28th (last night). The Check in lounge is nice and the girl that  greeted us was pleasant but she mentioned nothing about champagne or anything. After about 10 minutes of sitting there ONE of the OTHER passengers waiting for their flight walked over and mentioned to make sure you grab your FREE champagne which was off to the side on a plastic tray, prepoured in one of those tiny plastic cheap champagne glasses and there was ONLY one left so my parents shared the last glass that was there. Also the 30 min. flight was only AT MOST 17 MINUTES from take off to touch down. BUYER BEWARE YOU WILL NOT BE IN THE AIR FOR 30 MINUTES AS STATED. I have flown with other helicopter tours and they are much better. It wouldn't take much for them to improve their quality but I'd advise to use a different company.
4	I was on a very short trip to Las Vegas for work, but I brought my boyfriend and before Christmas, I called and asked if we could come immediately off of our flight from Florida and go on the tour if I made a later reservation. The girl said yes, no problem they are right on the other side of the airport and they will even watch our luggage.  I was thrilled so I bought the tickets for Christmas. When I called a week prior, I was told they only had me for a 6:15 reservation and that they couldn't guarantee anything, but I could always go another night. I was really upset, because that was really the only night we had free. I decided to go with the flow and when we got to the airport we took a cab (its around the corner so you cannot just walk there) and that was about $10 for 2 people. We arrived at 6:15 (thankfully our flight arrived 10 minutes early) and the girl at the front was super helpful. I was at ease. She put our luggage in a separate room and offered us champagne or coffee. We had about a 15 minute wait and we were off to the helicopter. I've done a few other tours and BY FAR this was the nicest helicopter I've ever been in. The ride was smooth and AWESOME. I liked it and he had a BLAST. It was short, 15 minutes but you see everything perfectly. I recommend sitting on the left behind the pilot for the best views or up front with him. It was a really great experience and I would do it again! Just be aware that they tell EVERYONE 6:00 and to arrive at 5:30, so first come first serve flights until everyone is done. They also gave us a free ride to our hotel after :0)
1	I cannot believe ANYONE was able to give this company a good review! I am by far completely and utterly dissatisfied with their morals and values. I am also completely dissatisfied with their service and integrity. From the reviews on trip advisor I'm sure that whatever misfortune they have experienced they definitely deserved.I've never heard of the company until I purchased a deal on Living Social. Needless to say I've never been on a helicopter and was extremely excited to experience this. Upon receiving my deal I immediately made a phone call to the company to make my appointment. I called them on a Saturday and ended up scheduling for a Tuesday. The phone call wasn't all that pleasant but it wasn't bad either. That is literally three days in between. We show up for our appointment 10 minutes early and the doors are locked, lights on, the place is a mess and looks to have been cleared out and left in a hurry. We circled the parking lot looking for an agent, we tried calling several times with a busy tone every time, and everyone we asked had no idea where the Heli USA workers were at. We finally got help from a very nice lady in the Aviation building who told us that several other individuals had come through there asking the same questions we were and it seems the company had just vanished. Good thing I paid my money to Living Social, otherwise I'm sure I would have completely lost out on getting a refund.What makes me more upset is that on a Saturday this woman did not have the decency of a human being to let us know that things with the company are not going well, or even to give us a heads up and say wait until Monday to make an appointment. The shadiness of it all truly was unprofessional, disappointing, and most of all annoying. I hope anyone that has purchased the Living Social deal reads this first. BEWARE!!UGH, It wouldn't let me give 0 stars. So one because I have to.
1	This company is terrible! I would not recommend to anyone! My boyfriend and I purchased a voucher on Living Social that we were never able to use. We got cancelled four times and rescheduled until the point where they have just cancelled all night flights on the strip until ironically  the voucher expires. Had to call Living Social and get a refund. Every time they called and cancelled and rescheduled it was a different excuse.
4	I went a tour in May 2013.  It was a few hundred dollars.  I didn't mine since I was on a timeshare vacation and work was paying for travel (i.e. I had money to blow).  I liked that they gave you a safety video, some info and help strap you in so you are safe.  It was a a fun helicopter ride and I loved visiting the ranch, which had amazing food.  My only dislike is the ride is kind of bumpy as it's a six seater helicopter.  You think turbulence is bad in a crop plane?  Then this isn't the ride for you.Verdict: if you want some decent food, great views and never been on helicopter, then this ride is for you. Super fun!
