5	Have you ever walked into a building and thought "i wish my house looked EXACTLY like this place"? well i did that yesterday, and everything in the building was for sale!
5	I love this place! World Market Center quality and style of furnishing at NOT the price. I think I'll furnish my house from this place when I get paid next!!
5	Misti's review perfectly sums it up. A lot of the furniture looks like something you would find at Anthropologie, but at a tenth of the price. They have really cool home accesories as well, the terrariums are awesome and they have a nice candle selection. I had been in here several times wishing the store had opened when I just moved here and that there is not really anything I NEED for our apartment when I saw they had an area full of paintings. I was going through them thinking they were all great, kitschy but cool, i.e. paintings of lions and roosters, when I noticed that they had different colored stickers on them signalling prices. they were in the 15-45 dollars range! I ended choosing a large painting of a greenhouse that kind of reminded me of a recent Dexter episode, but nonetheless was really cool! Anywho, you must go. I could spent hours here.
4	Cute little store downtown. It has a lot of great things to look at, and can be the inspiration for a lot of new ideas to decorate your own place. A bit pricey, but some things are worth it.
4	If you're not into buying old furniture, but like the aesthetic, I'd suggest you check this place out.  The store is a marriage of old and new merchandise that's curated for the mid-century vibe.  Although they do have vintage stuff, I noticed that most of the furniture is new.  But, that's okay!  I love Knoll-esque couches and Eames knock-offs.  Not everyone has $3k to blow on a chair!!They also have some great accessories like...terrariums.  Tip: they're 10% off with a Yelp checkin.  I'd also look for the unbelievably cool piano strings coffee table.  Imagine that a piano died and was resurrected as a badass table.  If I had a place for it, I'd be all over it.Also, I need to mention that their prices are really good.  $150 for a knockoff Eames rocker? Wha??? They must be nuts.  But, I like that kind of nuts.
1	I was so excited to go here after reading the reviews.  I got there yesterday and there was a sign up front saying it was closed until further notice and their phone was disconnected.  Does anyone know if they are planning to open up again?
5	Went down for First Friday last night. Beautiful furniture, very reasonable prices.
