4	I love the food here. For being fast food chinese its pretty good. This is the only chinese delivery place that delivers to my house, so I am glad they are good. Get the Canton spicy chicken or the Asian spicy lo mein if you like spicy. make sure you tell them you have a coupon for 3 free egg roles if you order over 15 bucks.!!!
3	Enjoy the shrimp in lobster sauce and the veggies great and cheap fast chinese food.
4	Good tasting cheap takeout.  I enjoyed the house chicken, sesame chicken, rice and lo mein.  The crabpuffs and springroll were also good.  Lo mein could have used less sprouts but that is my only complaint.
1	Customer Service over the phone was very excellent. BUUUUTTTTTTTTT i waited an hour and still didnt get my food I ordered at 7:15 and they didnt arrive till 9:02 I was very upset i turned them away I wasn't hungry anymore...
2	Order taker spoke good english. The delivery woman was nice . Mongolian pork not enough pork. Should be called Mongolian onions. Sesame chicken too soggy. Too much rice and noodles as sides not enough entre. Egg rolls were okay crab puffs did not have enough cheese nor any crab or artificial crab for that matter. Won't order here again . Favorite thing from meal was the spicy mustard !
1	This place deserves nothing. I got house chicken and chicken fried rice. When I got home to mix the two I bit into it and found a thick sharp plastic!!!!! I didn't really care because I didn't swallow it no harm whatever. Called them to let them know. Or see if they can fix the problem for me because we are starving and find this crap in our food. Thinking they give us a new meal and a refund on the inconvenience and  apologize for the object they yelled at me! They yelled at me. Are you kidding me? told me if I wanted new food they wanted the old food in full. they asked me how much of it I ate. Making it seem like there doing me a favor. Wth no. I found a price of plastic that could've had me choke! I had to stop my meal to argue with these guys on the food for 20 minutes. To find out there's no way out of this. I hung up because I didn't care enough to argue in circles. But hey if you want A HUGE SHARP object in your food that the restaurant will blame you for then hey this is the place to go!!!
5	We had several items delivered and it was great!  Delivery took about 20 minutes.  Everyone in the group of 6 were happy.  We ordered Kung pao chicken, moo shu veggies, pepper steak, Szechuan steak, Hawaiian blue plate, veggie fried rice and the crab wontons.  The were free because we ordered over $15.  Ordering process was easy and there were no communication issues.  Highly recommended.
5	Best Chinese food I have had since moving to Arizona. Very tasty full of flavor and freshly made to order.
