4	Cucina, owned and operated by an Italian husband and wife couple, is more than a smorgasbord of gourmet oils; it's a workshop that teaches you about the different kinds of olive oils and balsamic vinegars and how to correctly use them.  After a 30 minute tour with the husband I learned how to properly taste the oils and vinegars and what the flavor characteristics were of each one. Think wine tasting and you'll get the idea. Their customer service alone is worth more than what I paid for a 4 pack: 2 table oils and 2 balsamic vinegars. I paid around $40 and considering that I walked in there with very little knowledge of oils and vinegars and left with a 4 pack and 30 minutes of useful information their prices are pretty inexpensive.
5	Ohh! I love this place!  I originally bought my first bottle of strawberry balsamic vinegar as a gift to my hubby, I have never been a fan of vinegars.  It ended up that I was the one pulling it out of the pantry time after time!  I could drink that stuff!  I returned quickly just before Christmas to purchase more for my husband and I and also some for gifts as well.  Go for the strawberry and red apple vinegars!  Make a stop on your way home for some $$$ vanilla ice cream and strawberries.  When you get home, pour the strawberry balsamic over the ice cream, strawberries and if you're really wanting something special, have it with some pound cake and whipped cream.  Dessert fit for royalty!  The olive oils are fine, I just prefer to go to The Queen Creek Olive Mill for fresh, local olive oil.Enjoy!
4	Inspired to try ice cream topped with a fruity olive oil (thanks to an episode of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Sugar Rush"), I decided I'd check out Chandler's Cucina Olive Oils and see if the proprietor could recommend one.  I've wanted to check this place out ever since I noticed the space when I visited Nouveau Bistro (closed) back in October '08.I was enthusiastically greeted by Chrissy, the owner of Cucina, who eagerly offered samples of the oils and balsamic vinegars, first by themselves and then some complementary combinations.  Soon, I was choosing four oils and vinegars to take home with me- $38 for 4 small bottles, mix and match.  (Small individual bottles were $10 for either oil or vinegar, while large bottles were  $17 for an oil and $16.50 for a vinegar.)  Should you ever decide to pay your first visit, be sure to take your time and try ALL of the oils and balsamic vinegars and not be in a rush to make a purchase and walk out.  While Chrissy was willing to let me exchange one of my choices*, I decided to let it go since she'd already placed my purchases in a gold-leafed dark brown gift bag with white and gold tissue wrap, complete with a brown and gold ribbon!  It's a very nice presentation, which could make for an impressive-looking gift.  With so many olive oils and balsamic vinegars to choose from, as well as balsamic jams, spice blends, and glazes, I appreciated the tiny store's airy, tranquil, and organized ambience.  Granted, I was only one of two customers there at that time.  (The second, a returning customer, showed up just as I was about to leave.)  I can imagine the chaos Chrissy could face if more than eight people show up at one time!*Incidentally, I purchased two olive oils, picholine (Australia) and Meyer lemon (Tunisia), and two balsamic vinegars, fig and pomegranate.  Had I taken more time to have a longer look around, I'd have chosen the black currant balsamic vinegar over the pomegranate- WOW, such intensity in half a teaspoonsful!FYI, both picholine and Meyer lemon oils go great on top of Julie's Organic chocolate ice cream!  (Although I did prefer the lemon.)  I imagine the wonderful blood orange olive oil I tried at the store would be just heaven on chocolate or even vanilla.  For those who are adventurous, balsamic vinegar and ice cream also complement each other rather nicely.  I actually tried both balsamic vinegars on chocolate- very nice.I did find it strange that AZ's Queen Creek olive oils weren't offered in this setting.  Guess you'll have to either travel all the way to Queen Creek, AZ (or visit the website) or head over to Whole Foods to get them
4	Cucina Olive Oil is owned by a friend of mine, Chrissy..She has specialty oils and vinegars that you can have samples of.  I was in there yesterday to pick up a Christmas gift, sampled the balsamic black currant vinegar, it was outstanding. You could put it on ice cream it was that good! The bottles sell for $15 each, and make a great gift for anyone that likes to cook!
5	Delicious variety of oils!! Seriously loved the setup up and the oils and vinegars were great. I am almost out of a few and I'm pumped to go back and get more and then some! Highly recommended as its not the drive the Queen Creek Olive Mill is and honestly the Tuscan Herb oil is my fav oil to use on just about everything. And the variety of basalmics is much bigger and quite flavorful!!
