5	Awesome mexican food and great value.
3	I used to eat here 3 times a week (drive-thru).  The hot sauce is fantastic! It's Mexican fast food, so expect it. Open 24 hours and has a drive-thru. Don't bother eating in - the setting really leaves something to be desired - and unlike it's nearby Tempe location, it is big and rather empty, even when the drive-thru line is out to Alma School. Bean tostada, Carne Asada burrito, guac taquitos, some of our mainstays.  Enjoy!
5	Amado's is fantastic. I used to work next door to the McClintock location, so I ate there almost daily. I was delighted to find out about the Alma School location. I like my food fairly simple, and this is it. Taquitos are nothing but beef, with cheese and guacamole on top. Breakfast burritos are potato, egg, cheese, and bit of bacon. The hot sauce is great. So, if you want something just like Fili B's, only better, come to Amado's. Oh, did I mention that they're open 24 hrs?
4	Thank you Amados for being opened 24hrs!  Since I was visiting Arizona only for 5 days from Hawaii, I would be out really late partying with my friends until the wee hours of the morning.  Rather than going to a diner, spots like Amados is the perfect remedy for that late night hunger. Unlike Hawaii where Mexican restaurants charge 7-9 dollars for a carne asada burrito, Amados charges only 5 dollars for the burrito then another 1.50 for a drink.  Helllllla cheap compared to what I'm used to.  Not only that, they hook it up with mini-containers of hot sauce.Of the 5 days in Arizona, I ate here 4 times.  Great food, great value, and the awesome convenience of being open 24hrs.  Winner!
4	Like the tacos!  Menudo is fair.
4	This is such an upgrade over fast food chains!  I always get the steak nachos.  I can't believe they're only $6 out the door.  There's more meat than I can eat, plus cheese & guacamole.   I did the drive thru and they gave me a few lil hot sauce/salsa's too.I was still tasting this 10hrs later.  Gross to some, but a sign of good inexpensive mexican food.  :-)Mmmmmm! Already looking forward to my next opportunity to eat here.
4	Amado's has the basic "to's" offerings, but they do a great job at Mexican fast food. I adore their Chorizo burrito! :D
3	Amado's is pretty great for the price and availability.  They are open 24 hours, nearly every day in the year.  The food is what you would expect from a divey Mexican fast food place, but it's miles better than Filiberto's.The best items are the rolled tacos, carne asada burrito, carne asada quesadilla, bean burrito w/ cheese (best ever), sausage breakfast burrito, and the Amado's breakfast burrito.  And of course the hot sauce!The only serious downside is that both the Dobson and the McClintock locations are right next to high schools.  If you end up needing a midnight burrito, you'll likely encounter a troup of drunk high school kids.  All in all, it's worth it!
4	This place is yum and a many steps up from filiberteos.  There carne asada fries, nachos, and rolled tacos are delicious. Plus they are open 24 hours so it's perfect.
4	A group of us had a night out in Scottsdale...on the way home, we stopped at Amados.Looking over the menu, I was overwhelmed to see that they had a substantial selection of breakfast burritos, tacos, burritos, nachos, enchiladas, tostadas, etc, etc. There were so many choices that it was a tough decision! After much thought, I ordered a carne asada taco and an horchata. The total came out to $4.74.The taco was not your average size. It was rather large, like a small burrito. Filled with a lot of carne asada, pico de gallo & guacamole. I topped with with salsa & lime juice from the salsa bar. This was delicious and just hit the spot! I was extremely full after finishing the entire thing.I noticed on the menu that you receive a free bean & cheese burrito with any $5 purchase. Score! Also, for an extra bonus, they are open 24 hours a day.
3	So I had gone to get a carne asada fix!  And well...This place did not exactly deliver.  I had ordered the carne asada chimi and it had a heaping pile of sour cream and guacamole on top which by the time I got home made the chimi slightly soggy.  It  almost seemed as though the burrito had a million layers of tortillas surrounding the carne asada.  And the Carne asada wasnt amazing either.
4	Way better than any -ertos in the valley. The cooks are clean and the sauces are out of bounds. I'm a fan of the chicken taco, boiled with peppers and onions. Perfect and real. Family owned and operated. Thumbs up.
4	Been going here for years.  Great neighborhood mexican fast food.  They make my burritos to order.  I dont like cheese so I get beans, rice, and lettuce which is deeeelicious.  Thanks for being awesome.
4	this is the place I go to get real mexican food but tweaked the way I like it. They always make what I want even though it isnt on the menu. It's a carne asada quesadilla with diced green chilies and extra cheese. Oh yea... I've tried a bunch of almost identical mexican food shops like this one in the valley but this one stands out because they remember who I am and were really ok with me asking for something different and maybe strange even without speaking spanish.
4	Visiting AZ and missing real mMexican food. This totally hit the spot for my husband and I. Thanks for being open late and having a drive-thru.Dang now I am craving Mexican food!
5	Couldn't be better! This is really the place to go for Breakfast burritos.  My family and I have been comming here a few times a month for years and rarely had a bad experience.   Today I had the sausage and egg breakfast burrito,  and it was stuffed full of fresh sausage, eggs and cheddar cheese.   I'm pretty sure they make their own flour tortillas,  because I've never had any that tasted like them.   I always ask for plenty of the Verde sauce on the side,  it's hot,  but Sooo good.   We have gone there a few times for the sauce alone! A great place to take out of towers for fast but awesome Mexican food.
5	Four years later, I'm back!  Felt almost like a pilgrimage back to burrito heaven or something.  Nothing but joy filled my body knowing I'd be coming here again after traveling across the pacific ocean and through miles and miles of cactus filled desert. Visiting AZ for a wedding so my girlfriend and I was here for a few days so Amados was definitely on our hit list!  Oh how I wish Hawaii had late night Mexican spots like you.  This visit made me realize just how important places like you are in my life.  Of the four nights in AZ, we ate here three times.  Such quality burritos we just don't see in Hawaii.  And these burritos were no slouch either...these things came packed with carne asada....and for only 6 dollar-ish!  That same burrito would cost 10+ here. Til next time, Amados.  Sigh.
5	I am wiped out and feeling lazy after my daughter had a possible broken bone.  (she's okay but I was too stressed to even think about cooking dinner after waiting over an hour at the doctor's office!) We eat the breakfast burritos here ALL THE TIME.  They are beyond delicious,  and the green sauce ~ I could drink by the cup full!  I am serious!!!   Anyway, we are picking up the prescription at Walgreens and I suggested we grab food for take out.  We were NOT disappointed.  Hubby got the Chimichanga combo.. It could feed a family of four.. Unable to test this theory as he inhaled it ASAP.   :)  Daughter had cheese enchiladas and was perfectly satisfied. They both got the horchata for their drink (I snuck sips.. I love it but it's so sweet I didn't want to ruin my appetite) .  I ordered the Carne Asada  combo.  So amazingly Yummmy!  We will continue to go here again and again as they never disappoint!
4	First visit. Carne Asada burrito was very good. The tortilla had the freshly homemade taste, like nana use to make. You Mexicans out there know what I mean.  The meat was tender and marinated very well. My boy liked the quesadilla, but how can you mess that up right?  My other son got the machaca burro. He said it was good. It must have been cuz the next thing I know, it was gone. The red sauce was okay...a little watery for my taste.  I'll be back again.
2	Went here for late night hunger pangs but was disappointed with the quality for the price. Wasn't worth feeling crappy later
2	The quality of your meal will depend on who is running the deep fryer.  Tacos are usually overcooked..  Salsa bar is usually messy.  Burritos are average but no green chile at this place.  Stay away from the carnitas.  They recook them on the flat top and the look like overcooked corned beef hash.  The only thing authentic about this place is the language barrier.
3	The food is really good and it's not as dirty as filibertos is, but they keep messing up my order! They can't take orders in Spanish or English. The girl speaking Spanish that came in after me had to repeat her order about 5 times to the cashier (who also spoke Spanish).
2	I ordered a carne asada burrito and a beef taco here around 3pm on a weekday. The beef taco was pretty good, the cheese was fresh and the lettuce tasted clean. However, the carne asada burrito was not good, I tried covering it up with salsa,  still not good. The steak was burnt looking, maybe it had been sitting for awhile. I don't recommend the steak for anything.The new breakfast burrito is tasty as long as they do not burn the eggs. This place is hit or miss.
2	I dont even know why I order anything from here. They never get my rather simple orders right, not once! The food is good but you know what would be better? Getting what I paid for.
4	It's a dive for sure - but their Carne Asada is delish.  We've been there 4 or 5 times lately and our orders have always been right both through the drive though and inside.  Hubby is a fan of bean burrito & chorizo quesadilla.  I'm all down for the Asada.  They will serve it in a burrito, over fries, nachos - I usually just get it straight up with a bit of cheese and sour cream.  Looking for ambiance?  Go somewhere else.  Looking for cheap Mexican?  Here's your place.  We always take to go - though they do have about 10 booths.  The only bad thing we've had here is the churros - hard as a rock :(
1	This place is terrible save your money go across the street and eat Taco Bell. They can never get the order right and it's hit or miss if they burn the tortillas over fry the rolled tacos. Good luck with this
