4	premiere moisson, a popular chain, is one of the many bakeries/cafes in montreal (seriously, they rival the starbucks in this country) boasting beautiful pastries and baked goods in addition to a deli offering various salads, sandwiches on fresh baked bread, various terrines and pates, and prepared gourmet foods to keep for those nights when you're too busy to cook. if you enjoy their croissants, why not buy a bag of frozen chocolate patines or butter croissants. even in a cold oven they'll proof and be ready to bake the next morning.the lunch, which we came for was ok--not their best point. i tried their menu du jour (daily special), which consisted of a plate of boeuf bourgigogne over noodles, a creamy fish soup and coffee, tea or herbal tea (because there is a distinction). the meat was a bit dry and chewy, but the fish soup was tasty.their pastries were good. i'm sure there are better croissants to be had in the city, but wow, between the artisanal breads and the eye candy desserts made with french butter cream, it was hard to decide. i highly recommend the buttery almond croissants. sweet, rich and flavorful with a nice crunchy outside accented by almonds and powdered sugar. they even have a version with chocolate & almond paste filling. yum!
5	This is easily my favorite Premiere Moisson. Great products, good service.
5	OMG....where should I start?! Artisan bakery without the fancy price tag! I was sooo excited as soon as I walked in the door....loaves of bread, tons of various pastries, plus the charcuteries, and shelves of jams and chocolates!!! I saw this disk shape loaf of bread, and the staff told me that it consists mostly grain with just enough flours to blend the grains together. You don't see this often in any bakery in Chicago, so I immediately got one of those after hearing the description. And then I had hard time picking out a pastry I want to try....I would have ordered all of them had I had the stomach for everything! So I asked which one the baker liked the most, and he pointed this chocolate almond croissant. Gosh! One of the best croissant I have had! well, this one is not the flaky kind, but the almond paste and chocolate paste with the bready croissant crust blend really well together. Neither paste was overpowering the other, yet each of them linger in your mouth after every bite. It's not too sweet, though I would still prefer mine to have less of those powdered sugar.
4	This is definitely one of the better locations. They have a nice inviting terrace on Bernard Street. I always find the staff here a little friendlier than some of the other stores.
5	Not to be too immodest, but I am a very good cook and THIS is the place I go when I want a treat.There are many locations around the city (just got back from the one at Jean-Talon Market, where I bought sprouted seed bread, sunflower seed sourdough, and a chocolate-almond croissant) but I chose the one on Ave Bernard to review because it's my favourite so far. There's a nice patio out front and seating inside (behind the shop) if the patio is full.I came here last summer for lunch with two very picky friends, both on very restricted diets. They were both delighted with the selection of fresh salads. Vegan, wheat-free, ... no problem. I had my usual smoked salmon sandwich. Mmmm. Try the salad d'amour (spinach with cashews and other good things), the grated carrot salad, and the quinoa salad with asian-style dressing. The beet salad is good too, and I don't even like beets that much. Man, I'm hungry again just thinking about it.The only thing that is not 100% perfect is they don't have soy milk for coffee. What I do is to bring my own reuseable mug with a bit of soy milk in the bottom.
