5	Love this church! At Impact Church you'll meet real people (SO human), experience real worship (If you want to be entertained at church, this praise & worship team is Grammy worthy!), and believe in The Real Jesus! I like the choice of services. There are 3 right now. Our children enjoy their ministry as well and I love all that my 1st grader is learning, including bible scriptures! Very safe, fun and organized! Because of it's rapid growth in recent years, you may be inconvenienced by the long walk from the parking lots, because if you're running late, you'll have to park across the street! But the parking committee is extremely friendly and they help direct you to the best spot available.This church is contemporary in it's look and worship style. They use current technology for audio/video presentations and music. The worship stage and backdrop is very cool. You'll have to see for yourself.We drive 30 minutes every Sunday to attend this church where we have been helped and where we are able to help.You should visit. It won't be a waste of time. And there's no traffic on Loop 101 on Sundays! Woohoo!
5	Very down to earth church.  Casual attire, Great Band, Love it!!!
5	Best church ever!
5	In town from Albuquerque for vacation and wanted to check out a good church. Found one! Great service! Great music! Outstanding message! Great people! Great kids service! Nice snacks. Thank you for a great experience! Can't wait to come back!
5	We love this church~! The band is beyond AMAZING! The message is always uplifting and can easily be understood and applied to everyday life.  My son is almost 4 and looks forward to going every Sunday. He even asks if we can go there when its not Sunday! We were happy at a church before but decided to visit because my brother goes there. Needless to say we never looked back and are HOOKED! Been every week since!  Can't say enough nice things about this place and am SUPER excited for its future!
1	Great band and little or no message. Not once, not twice...but three times they were asking for money. The ushers...look/acted like horny guys standing against the wall scoping chicks out and being a guy with a hot wife...didnt appreciate it at all. On that note...I have seen a few of the ushers out and about town as well as some of the worshipers. From my experience these people were some of the most dysfunctional individuals that I have had the pleasure of meeting. Did I say the band was great?
5	This church is full of genuine loving people who love God. There such a strong sense of extended family I can't imagine going anyplace else. I have personally seen dozens of lives change forever as well as mine. Although I am far far from perfect and in fact I will never obtain it, I am closer than I was a year ago :-)
5	Impact church is amazing. I would highly recommend you check them out. Very down to earth people that really love Jesus and are crazy about the idea of reaching as many people for the Lord as possible. Great Biblical teachings and great passion and vision for growing the church for the Lord's work. If you've been turned off by other churches or thought that you're not the 'churchy' type, try Impact church. You'll be glad you did.
5	Been a member for 4 years a spiritual journey I'm happy and proud of.  I know everyone has their own journey and i recommend this place to check out if on that spiritual journey.
