4	I purchased the Groupon recently for this location. I am impressed with the cleanliness and the upkeep of the machines. They have tanning and personal training as well. I have been interested in a more private workout location since I'm not personally a fan of the larger warehouse style gyms and I'll definitely keep this place in mind if I decide to join full-time. I probably won't frequent this location since it's not particularly close to my house, but I would recommend it to those who live or work near here. It's also conveniently located in the same parking lot as Bachi Burger, just saying.I highly recommend this gym if you are like me and like a more private workout experience.
4	This is small & cozy so if you are afraid of a big/pretentious/overwhelming place or all 3 scary qualities then this could be your comfortable & welcoming place.  The machines are new-ish (2years they've been here) & purple-ish (xtra points since I luv purple).  They're staffed during the day but u can still get in 24/7 with your own white flat keycard.  They offer a $99/three training session which I will try & of course fill you in on.  Despite the size,  I haven't waited for any machine & have been going 3 weeks at various times with no crowds of any sort.  If you come by yourself, or exercise late at nite &/or worry alot, they stock a personal alarm to wear around the neck that's calls the police when you press it.  That's security.
5	I HATE THE GYM.  That said, I LOVE this gym.  It's affordable and usually fairly empty.  All their equipment is top notch - I love the TVs and iPod connectors on all the treadmills and elliptical machines; they make my workouts fly by.It's a smaller space that is very clean and smells nothing like a gym.  Additionally, they have a decent tanning bed if that's your forte, and all the showers/restrooms are separate rooms so you don't have to share with that one weird person from the gym - you know who I'm talking about.
1	If ZERO stars were possible this gym would be getting that from me. My husband went to this gym today with the 14 pass and at the end of his workout inquired about membership. The lady he spoke to was extremely rude. She told him that he should not have come in without checking with someone first ( mind you that the staff does not show up till 9am and he began his workout at 7am). After scolding him for being at the gym she asked him to leave and said that they were very selective in the people whom the allowed to join their gym. I'm not the type to write reviews but obvious racism is a very good reason for me to break a habit. The lady was very condescending. She is Caucasian and my husband is Latino.
4	It's a very nice gym. Kept very clean and you can go whenever you want to. People are nice and friendly and it feels very safe.Only drawbacks are going to be 1) it's not very big 2) it doesn't have classes and 3) they kind of are Nazis about the swipe cards and only allowing one person in the gym at a time.
4	Had a two month Groupon. Didn't come as often as I would have liked since it's pretty far. Staff was friendly, equipment was clean. I only once ever went when there was nobody else there but it was still a staffed hour so I wasn't completely alone. Would have come by more often if it was closer to home.
1	I tried to get information from this location today and they insisted that I had to come in physically to get a price quote.  I told them if they were interested in my business at all they would give me a quote.  Still wouldn't budge.  I have to assume that they are extremely uncompetitive if they can't give me a quote and apparently they have so many customers that they don't need to worry about getting new ones.  Disappointing to say the least.  Great customer or should I say non-customer service.
1	I tried this gym 6 weeks before my existing membership to a different gym was expiring. The manager quoted me a range of monthly rates from $30-$39 per month. I told her I'd be back when in 6 weeks. When I came back, she quoted me a range from $35-$42 per month. I asked if I could still get the $30 per month option, and she said I was mistaken, that thereNEVER WAS THAT OPTION. Humm, I thought. I called the Henderson anytime gym, and asked if I came in today and signed up for 2 years, if a $30 per month rate was available. That gym said sure, so I called the one on Windmill that I had tried out, and the same manager answered. She said, sure, I could have the $30 per month rate. She was quizzing me on the phone, trying to figure out who I was and what she might have told me in the past. We set an appointment time, and I went in fuly pprepared to sign a 2 year contract. She remembered me, and apparently decided to change the deal.  Except she got out her notebook with blank spaces for her to write in the rates as she saw fit, and she wrote in a lowest rate of $35 per month.I got very angry by this time. She was clearly being manipulative, and I told her I didn't do business with dishonest people. She must have been a used car salesperson in her last job, because she denied the whole thing. What a liar.It's too bad, because the one thing I've always gotten from any gym I joined was a staff who genuinely cares about their clients and want them to succeed. Clearly, this woman only cares about her own interests. I joined another gym further away, but with better options and people I can trust.
1	I agree with Maria, the lady manager is very condescending/ racist.  Mostly everyone is white, and to them she's very nice to.  I decided not to work out here, It's sad to believe that these kind of things still exist.Also true about the "key nazis" review I've read about.You've been warned.PS: This is my first review, and I usually just read OTHER reviews. BUT I had to warn people.
4	Ive been working out here for about a month now.  I wanted to wait until I had enough experiences here to accurately give a review.  My current workout routine is generally every morning between 6am and 8am.  One of the main reasons I signed up here was because I was told they limit the number of active memberships to keep from overcrowding.  During the time I am working out, there is usually between 3-5 others working.  This may not seem like a lot, but I also came once in the afternoon and once on a Saturday and both times the place was not crowded, so I am happy with that so far.  The equipment is top notch.  They have a good variety of machines, treadmills, and free weights.  You can work on pretty much anything you want.  I am mostly working on muscle gain and I love the weight machines as well as all the free weights they have available.  It's nice that I don't have to fight over machines with others due to some overcrowding.  I also like that they have private shower rooms, 1 for men, and one for women.  It would be better if they had at least 2 shower rooms because I have run into situations where a shower isn't available and I risk being late for work.  It's a little expensive to workout here, but for me it's worth it due to the small number of people here on a daily basis.  It's also a prime location for me since work is just down the street.  They also have a good security measure here that keep people who do not belong out, and allows members to workout safely.
1	As far as this gym goes, while I was a member there, I liked it. The facility was always clean, I was always able to get a machine that I wanted, and when I lived in the area to go to Anytime Fitness Windmill, it was right down the street from my house. It couldn't get more convenient than that!So why the two star rating you ask? Lack of customer service. I moved away from this area, Anytime Fitness was no longer down the street. Where I moved in Vegas an anytime fitness was not around the corner like it used to be. So I go into the Anytime Fitness Windmill to cancel my membership. Not a big deal, I had already run through my year contract and was on a month to month, or so I thought. Stupid me, I didn't get a copy of my membership termination, I didn't think I needed to. My advice, if you cancel your membership, make sure to get a copy of the papers! So anyway, I get an email stating that I am behind on my membership dues. I'm wondering how since I cancelled. I call the billing company, they don't know the issue, they have to call the gym. No one answers, so the billing rep says she will call me back. I call the gym myself and leave a message. The next day, the manager of the Gym David calls me back. I explain my situation, apologize if I made a mistake ( even though I didn't) and ask how to resolve this, since even if there was an error and my cancellation didn't get filed, I was month to month not on a contract.David, as nice as he was on the phone tells me that there is no paperwork for my cancellation in my file, and he has already spoken to his boss, and the best they can do for me is take off a 30 or so dollar late fee, and I'm still going to owe over 70 bucks to get caught up. "You don't want to go into collections, because then it will just be a mess."I understand there was a mistake made, but you would think Anytime Fitness would be a bit more accommodating. I had always made my payments on time, and never had an issue... And if there was an issue, I never got a message on my cell phone, and why send an email after three months of built up charges? Very suspect to me. Anyway, although the gym itself is nice, I would be cautious of joining a place that doesn't take care of their customers when a billing problem arises. My advice to others is CYA and make sure you get copies of everything just to make sure you have terminated your membership so there are no issues months later.$117.00 to cancel a month to month membership! Buyers beware!!
5	I love this gym! It's always clean and there's plenty of machines to choose from. The best part is that it doesn't get too crowded like some other gyms do.
