4	This is a bar and grill in the same vein as a PTs or similar.  Tables scattered around a bar which is surrounded by video poker playing patrons.  TVs flash various sports games and news channels.  It's somewhere you go for a quick bite if you live in the neighborhood.I used to work by this location and a co-worker and I ended up here at least once a week for lunch.  The menu was exactly what you'd expect - chicken fingers, club sandwiches, hamburgers - and I never had anything I didn't like.  The service though was always, always great.  Our orders were taken promptly and our meal was delivered quickly and when you're on a lunch break that's pretty much all you need.  However, they were really nice as well.  Their service set them apart from all the cookie-cutter places just like it.
4	this place is pretty fun, I've only ever gotten the chicken fingers. they're actually like 4 boneless breaded breasts tossed in bbq sauce.  so..  damn..  delicious
5	Great staff and the machines are always hot, the food is good and the beer is cold, cannot wait to get back to Vegas to visit this place.
5	Wings Wednesday - .39 wingsTaco Tuesdays - dollar tacosGood drinks, excellent friendly staff, and pie!You really can't go wrong if you are simply looking for a bar with video poker and lots of entertaining customers.
4	Wow, I was pleasantly surprised when I met up some friends here. And I've been back several more times since.  This isn't some dirty little bar, as though it may provoke you to think that.  The food is GREAT!!  Big portions, easy on the wallet, I would totally recommend this place for late night eating.
4	We visited this place back in November for the 1st match up of the Cowboys vs Redskins. I ordered the reuben and my bf had the buffalo chicken wrap w/ spinach flavored tortilla. OMG that was freakin delicious. They are really big portions so the nxt time we went we split the wrap and they were nice enough to plate the halves separately with our own portions of curly fries. I loved that they took that initiative. Also during football games they have $2.00 mimosas. Mmmm delish. Very nice and accomodating staff, and they have  coin operated pool tables. No stuffy by the $13.00 by the hour places. This locale is definitely not a dive bar but comfy enough to be a chill out place to have a drink or grab a bite to eat or both. Wish it was closer now that I live in Henderson, but yes we've made the trip just for that wrap!
5	We watched superbowl 44 here.  Good prices and great specials on food.  Overall, fun people and good service.  My friends and I would definitely go back!
5	Great gaming. Great bar. Allison is the best!
3	Pretty good place to sit and watch a game. The waitstaff and bartenders are very welcoming and friendly. They seem to know all the regulars and have a good rapport with everyone.The food is typical bar food, but it's pretty good and I'm always happy with my selections. Keep an eye out for the daily AYCE specials as they are a good deal if you're hungry.
5	I think its high time I updated my review of this place. I love O'aces and wish I lived closer to it.. but then again I'd be there too much. I have yet to order anything here that I didnt LOVE... First, i love the ambiance. Its a feel good sports bar and MNF is the best. Ive never been to  a bar that does it up like that for MNF. I went when it was the49ers playing and my bf is a huge fan (me.. Im a cowboys fan myself) but they give out a ticket for every beer that you order. ($1.50 budlights if I remember correctly) and at every quarter they call a number and if you're there you win a prize. I happen to have won!! I never win anything but I wont a 49er T-shirt that I gave to my bf who was in love. They had $1 pizza, 2 hot dogs for a buck, wings, you name it , fish tacos. all kinds of $.50 and $1 goodies and waiters bringing it out to you and catering to you like you ordered a $15 plate. I loved the friendly people. and the blond girl waitress who is a huge Giant fan, I dont give her such a hard time about being a G-men fan b/c she's so gosh darn nice. Never been in the place without her working so I wonder if she has a cot in the back that she sleeps on. The cobb salad is to die for, the buffalo chicken wrap is soo delicious. . the ruben was good - Looked even better that it tasted but I shared it w/ my love but most times we split something b/c the portions are big so you can share and most times they will serve it on 2 separate plates which is super nice. I love this place and if you havent stopped in- try it. Its close to the Orleans - about a block over - Its my fave place to watch football on the west side of town.
4	Vegas is a town that seems to have some sort of bar on every corner. Sometimes multiples! O`Aces is the bar on the corner near my work, so we go there for lunch from time to time. We have occasionally gotten food to go as well. The bar itself is pretty standard for Las Vegas bars that target locals. Lots of tvs for watching sports, video gaming for the gamblers, and comfortable booths for groups that want to eat away from the bar. The bartenders pour strong, even the first drink, and that is always a plus. The burgers are big and juicy, and you can get them with sweet potato fries! I love that they have sweet potato fries as an option for the side at no extra cost. Salads are nice and large, and the club sandwich was good enough that I'd order it again. Good bar food at good prices. 3.5 stars is what I would rate them if I could, but since I can't do half stars, I will round up.
5	Taco Tuesday gets 5 Stars all the way. $.99 ground beef tacos and $1.99 Carne Asada. Great chips and salsa and quick service.
5	We called them right after a graduation event requesting seating for 12.  In 10 mins we showed up and they were ready for us.  Instead of 12 we had 20!  They were so accommodating, friendly and attentive.   We very much appreciated what we did for us.   This is our 'go to' place for good bar food with great pricing regularly so that is why we wanted to share it with others for graduation.
4	After our little excursion into the masses of "my nation," BGB wanted to go here for some food. "O'Aces?" said I. "Why don't we go to Ricardo's or something that's... you know... a real restaurant?" "Don't be a bitch!" said BGB, and so off to O'Aces we went.Good choice.We didn't have anything to drink, as we had pretty much had our fill of adult beverages. But the food was great! Two appetizers between us was plenty to stuff our tummies. BGB went with the nachos, and I chose the chili fries, and we shared off both. The nachos get an A for being big and sufficiently zesty, but holy crap on toast.... A+++ for the chili fries! The chili had the perfect amount of kick, good and filling to sop up the alcohol. Definitely will check this place out again.
5	I Heart Bar Food! Unhealthy, deep fried, calorie-laden deliciousness!We came here at some ungodly hour after a long night of drinking. Happy Hour is 50% off all appetizers! I came with 4 of my other girlfriends and we feasted on about 6 different plates. The appetizers here are huge! They certainly aren't stingy. The holy grail items are the fried asparagus and garlic knots. Our waitress was a sweetheart and made absolutely sure our drinks weren't dry. She delivered more napkins when we needed them and definitely earned her tip. Most of the people at our table work in hospitality or some other customer-service related industry; so we know good service when we get it. After 6 appetizers, a few drinks, and a hefty tip.... the split was only like $10 bucks a head. Cheap, Delicious, and Enjoyable.
4	Still great... huge portions, although the buffalo wings were kinda weak. The chili on my nachos were spicier than the wings. But for all the other goodness, it maintains its four-star rating.
5	I will begin with the usual, "I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review for this place because I come here all the fn time" mainly because I'm a selfish yelper and want to keep the great ones to myself and then I'll just start off with...THIS IS MY HOMEFood is great, recommend the Reuben. Far too large for me to finish in one sitting and delicious! Curly fries as an option? Shit yeah! Always a win. Wings are awesome, trust me a wings expert here. Any flavor will do you good and make a mess all over your face, Carl's Jr's motto, can't lose with it. Fried asparagus? I only eat veggies if they are fried, win. Come with nacho cheese, weird so you have to ask for ranch, Mum loves em. On top of that this place is the second Guinness she's ever had. Glory.On to booze. Full bar. Guinness on tap, if you need any further description move on son! Haha just kidding, Blue Moon, Black Butte, Sierra Nevada and the regulars can be found here.Bartenders! Fo'gettaboutit! John is my long haired man. John is tending bar? Blues all night, with a smile on his face and my Guinni' full! Ally is my second favorite, Ally Pops are her specialty shot, yummy!If you decide to pop in, tell em Johns girl Holly sent you and remember to tip your bartenders well!Btw, can't wait for football season!
5	I love O'Aces!  Solid food, some decent beer options (for Vegas) and pretty nice staff like Ingrid (who doesn't take crap from anyone).  Plus, Skip is there and he's a trip.  Even though he's a Yankees fan, he is a fun standby there at the bar.I also met Jimmy, another regular, who's a fellow San Francisco Giants fan and all four Giants game I watched at O'Aces were victories including the last two against the Reds in the NLDS.  So I may have to go back if my G-men fall behind in a series again.
2	mediocre at best.  we came here for breakfast to have something hearty and delicious and catch some football on a sunday morning.  service was ok, food was plentiful but nothing special, and drinks were ok.  i had the denver omelet with mushrooms and cheddar and it was ok- served with homefries that were not particularly good and rye toast that was actually pretty delicious. the bloody mary i had was tasty, but again, nothing i would come back for.
5	Went to Christmas Breakfast at the O'Ace Bar and Grill, with out a question, this place might be the best place to eat in Vegas.  Always friendly staff and the food is fresh and taste great!  I have been to the O'Aces hundreds oftimes, this is the first time on a holiday and the food was outstanding and the prices are fair and once again the food is delicious. I have been eating at the O'Ace for over ten years and the food has always been outstanding!
1	I used to go here all the time until I got a greedy waitress. Apparently the 25% tip I left wasn't enough so she decided to leave herself an extra $40 on my $22 bill! Make sure you check your card statements after you go here!!
4	Me and my boyfriend wanted to celebrate one night because of a new job opportunity. I found a deal on Group-On and we went to O' Aces to get some food, beer, and watch the game. They were very friendly and have great food. I have been back now a few times and it has always been great. Nice place to go and relax to watch the game or just to have a few beers and hang out.
3	You can get good happy hour specials here. Only spent about $20 for four draft beers, a platter of wings and some pretzel bites. Service was really good. Food was just ok. Good place to watch a game. They will change just about any tv you want to something you wanna watch.
5	Good food. Great prices. Wings made the way God intended. Awesome place!
5	Perfect sports bar for watching football when in town and you don't want to sit at a sports book. Food is great, normal local prices. Beer is very reasonably priced.TVS are nice as well.
3	Good sports pub, plenty of TVs, affordable beers and pub food.  Service was quick and friendly.  Not much of a crowd, but it was a Wednesday night. Would have gone to 4 stars if there had been a couple of really big TVs, and a raucous crowd.  But a solid venue.
4	We've been 3 times to O'Aces - 1 time to eat/drink in and 2x for take out. 1st: They have huge portions. So be prepared. You might think you want 2 orders of sliders but trust me, they are more than enough for 1. We tried the deep fried asparagus spears and it does prove that deep frying really does make it better. My top pick because I've had it 3x is the Ortega Burger with cheese. We went for Happy Hour the 1st time and for $30.00 got 4 Bloody Marys, big platter of wings & the pretzel bites (a bit doughy but soaked up the booze in the Bloody) Decent Bloody Mary - better than most sports bars. and a decent selection of vodka to pick from. Love that it's an #EatLocal spot, too.
4	Had a great time here enjoyed some cold beers with my boys and enjoyed the good looking girls that were there that night it's a great place to watch the game if your ever in the area I recomened stopping by with you friends there prices are cheap and they have a great happy hour menu! Fireball shots always get ya going
4	Love the staff members! Especially Bartender's Tim and John!
4	I absolutely love this place. When I want good quality bar food, this is the place I come to. We usually order the chicken fingers plain, mozzarella sticks, and the spinach and artichoke dip, it always comes out delicious (always meaning I've been here 20+ times). I do miss the pool table (hint: bring it back!) but that doesn't stop me from coming back. Happy hour prices are incredible (4-7pm weekdays) so don't miss it!!!
3	If you like to hang out in dark ass caves this is the place for you.  Seriously need a flashlight to find my table for lunch.  Smokey as all hell but I suppose that's to be expected in Vegas.  Staff was super friendly though and the chicken breast salad contraption was quite tasty.  Probably won't be back unless they install an outdoor patio and the temperature outside is enjoyable.
4	Good food a bit better after remodel but only a bit. The food is really good. This place is good for smokers ( gross ) and gamblers.I hear allot of cheering and excited gamblers all the time. I ve been comming here for over 15 Years because the have great burgers and decent service. No kids, gotta love thatEven though it's dark and smokey but hey it's a freakin bar.
1	I was at the O'Aces Bar & Grill this morning at 4am. I have been there several times before this but it was never this bad. The experience I had there was SO BAD that I can honestly say it was the worst time that I had EVER in any bars... especially here in Vegas.I had a choice of either going to a casino or a bar. Me, my husband and my friend opted to go to the bar, (in this case O'Aces), since the several times that we had been there, a bartender named Tim comped us our drinks and the food was decent.I don't drink alcohol so I only went there for a small bite to eat and couple sodas and to buy drinks for my hubs and friend.The problem begins when I asked John (the late night bartender/manager???) how much we owe them. He rang us out and said that the bar portion was $22.50.That is for 4 beers and two shots of sambuca. As far as any bar's are concerned, it's really not that badly priced. The food portion of the bill was $26.I asked him if I am getting ANY drinks comped. Since between me, my hubs and friend spent $180 on their video poker machines. John then said that well "obviously" I got comped my SODAS, and although we all fed money in their machines, my hubs and friend played 1 coin... (which is not entirely true since 1 coin was played only when the machine was giving out bad hands. Otherwise they played $1 - $2 per hand)Regardless, I was playing $1.25 in the beginning, then fed more money to play $5 per hand.I told him that I am paying for the bar tab and I'm not a 1 coin player. John then told me that it doesn't matter if I played $100 OR if I'm the one that is buying all the drinks. He can't comp out my hubs and friend, since THEY were a 1 coin player (once again not entirely true).Anyway, John then with a holier than thou attitude (oh btw, did I mention that this guy not only has a cocky attitude, he also seems VERY egotistical and seems borderline narcissistic, and TOTALLY passive aggressive) tells me he's comping 1 beer. SERIOUSLY? 1 beer? oh and not to forget my 3 diet cokes... what a joke. It would've been ok, if he did this without acting like I should be thankful. That he's a gracious giver. Once again, after spending a total of $200 on their machines, this level of customer service is a TOTAL JOKE.At any rate, we paid for the bar tab... and my hubs even gave him a tip. At this point, I would'nt have given this guy ANYTHING. And here's what really ticked me off. After he received $4 in tip... (more than 20%), he then with an attitude threw it in the tip bucket. Like literally threw it in there. I was totally disgusted.Are you kidding me? I could've gone to The Orleans, right around the corner, played the same amount or even less and gotten more than 4 beers and 2 shots comped. Our pretty cocktail waitresses would've gotten $80+ on tips from us, we would have all had a great night.FYI, I managed a bar in NY for 3 years. None of my bartenders would've treated any patrons this way.The point is, if you're looking for fun in Las Vegas, your best bet is to avoid this place like a plague. Trust me. Just like someone else said on YELP, this bar is dark and musty.Food - $$ and mediocre at best Customer Service - what customer service?Hope this helps someone. There's many places to go here in Vegas. Choose wisely my friends :)
5	Come and  meet John or Tim...class act bartenders in the area, this guys will make you feel at home and lets not leave the food aside, is good..best place to relax for couple hours after a long week of stress.now this is Vegas so don't expect a smoke free bar and is bright enough to see John's face all the time..what a view but what that hell..he's good and hes a bartender not a dancer...BTW..need a delivery from them..I DO IT!!
1	Had been here many times before during happy hour. I guess they stopped doing it just a few weeks ago. Thanks for still advertising that you DO have have it. Literally doubled my bill. Will NOT be returning. Ever.
4	The Steak and Lobster special, $19.99 on Friday nights, was absolutely delicious!  We arrived around 5pm, just a handful of people in the place.  We ordered some drinks, and the special.   It arrived and we were very impressed!  Two lobster tails were served with melted butter along side a boneless steak, choice of baked potato or mashed, and a perfectly cooked crisp vegetable medley rounded out our gigantic plates-what a great value. The steak had a little gristle but heck, for the money, who cares, it was SO tasty!   Our margaritas were not so good unfortunately, tasted like a bottled mix was used, a little too watery.  The iced tea could have been fresher but I am picky about tea.  Overall a great meal, I highly recommend the Friday night special.  Looking forward to trying other items on the menu.
4	Stopped in really quick for a bite to eat. The turkey Blt is amazing. Been here plenty of times not just to eat but to drink as well. Place is very lively and the service is very nice. Has a lot of tvs if you want to come in and watch the game. Also a chill place to pregame before the club or after the club.
5	Last night we had a Christmas party at the O'Aces Bar and Grill and it was really good without a doubt it has not missed a beat it still one of the best places to eat, drink and have a good time!Have a great little banquet room off to the side holds about 50 people, we ordered off the menu had drinks had a wonderful time!  They had a great room, great service, great food, great place!
