5	I've been coming to this practice since we moved to the Valley in 1990 and the doctor before Dr. Dameron took great care of my teeth and Dr. Dameron takes just as great care.  I have a small mouth and he's very considerate, especially when performing procedures.  His staff of hygienists and assistants are very nice and pleasant to deal with.  I would recommend this office to anyone in the Phoenix area looking for a dentist.
1	This practice is great at everything: till they get your money, then GOOD LUCK! Refused to reline my denture unless I paid almost $800.00 and it was WITHIN THE SIX MONTH time period as stated in treatment plan. Letter and phone call got me nowhere. Proceed with caution and hold back a little $ if you can or you may NOT get what you need or paid for!!!!......still walking around with NO top teeth two years later!!! Thanks  for nothing!
5	Dr. Dameron and his team are top notch, had a filling fall out and I was worried I would need a full crown and/or root canal. Dr. Dameron quickly diagnosed the situation and they were able to squeeze me in and I got the new filling put in completely pain free  in about an hour. Fixed up good as new! I would highly recommend Dr. Dameron for any of your dental needs
4	Team Dameron is great! Great staff and they keep things simple, which I enjoy.
5	I have been using DR. Dameron for over 10 years and although my main residence is in Los Angeles, I always arrange my dental appointments around my travel schedule Professional and pleasant, it always - well nearly...- a pleasure to be taken care of by Dr. Dameron and Team They recently added the Oral ID Cancer screening, easy and fast Thank you!
5	I have been coming to Dr Dameron for 6 years, after he was highly recommended. I come from the generation where going to the dentist caused indescribable fear and pain!  Dr. Dameron and his team have taken away over 60 years of anxiety  away. I no longer dread my every 6 mo visit. The staff are superb, from Gina at the front desk, Sarah who takes you back to start the exam, my absolute FAVORITE  hygienist , Michelle, who cleans my teeth with special instruments so I get " NO ZINGS" from hitting nerves! So my cleaning is  PAIN FREE!!  And then there is Gail, Dr Dameron's assistant when doing procedures, she saved me when I went into a panic attack, I don't know what I would have done had she not been then there, as I squeezed her hand so tight... Bless her...  So if you have a fear of going to the dentist, like me, then do yourself a favor and go to Dr Dameron.. His expertise, and professionalism is superior to any dentist I have EVER been to.... 5 star plus in my book!!!
1	I have been a patient of Dr Dameron for over 10 years and never have I been treated rudely until today. I am appalled over the way Sabrina, the Doctors assistant, spoke to me on the phone. I will be seeking a new dentist.
3	The office staff and Dr. were very kind and gentle l. It was a nice experience until I found out I needed 4 fillings and a mouth guard for night time. When the cost was explained to be I about dropped to the floor as I have no insurance. Their cost is double of what my last dentist was so I will not be returning as I cannot afford them payment plan or not I do not have that kind of money
