1	I live very close to this location of Julioberto's and I have eaten at this location several times. The food has always been fast and good. However my experience last night changed my opinion of the restaurant. I am solely basing my review on this experience. Last night I went through the drive-thru and when I came to the window, I noticed individual styrofoam cups sitting on top of the soda fountain. A few seconds later I saw an employee drinking out of a styrofoam cup. He took a few sips, and then poured out the rest of his cup into the soda fountain drain below the dispensers. That freaked me out a bit, but not as much as what happened next. He then rinsed out his cup using the water dispenser on the fountain. He sloshed it around and then poured out the contents. The contents splashed all over the dispenser and into the ice maker that was just below the drain. He then placed his drinking cup on top of the dispenser with the rest of the styrofoam cups. Water was still dripping off the side of the cup and on to the fountain.  A second later another employee started filling my cup with ice from the same ice maker.  When I expressed disgust at what I had just observed, I was told, "It is okay."  I am not sure that she understood what I was trying to tell her, because she was confused as to why I no longer wanted a soda. The lack of hygiene appalled me. I won't be back.
2	Don't go here unless you wanna be sick. The food sucks. Tastes like bargain basement mexican food.
5	This Julioberto's is one of the best drive thru Mexican places I have found of the '-bertos' restaurants. I have been coming to this location for 6 years. Previously it was a Filibertos. I have a Filibertos right by my house and I drive to this one because the food is far superior. The breakfast burritos are large and just chock full of bacon-- big bacon chunks not the little tiny chopped bacon bits you get at some places. The carne asada fries are truly a masterpiece. They manage to make them crispy enough not to get soggy but without being burned and you get a really big portion. They always seem to rotate in new burrito styles and some of them are new favorites. I have never had a problem with small portions, bad food or anything else ever at this location. The one thing I wish they would change is the drive through speaker. It sounds like they're yelling at you from 1952 through a tin can.
