4	Clean Freak opened a car wash in Chandler on Chandler Blvd just in time!  We loved the one on 44th St in Phoenix & thought we would have to give up the unlimited exterior washes when we moved to Chandler.  Turns out they were just opening the Chandler one at the end of May 2010.  Its quick, clean and no charge for the super strong vacuums.  Chandler also has the air pressure thingy that blows the water out of the crevices of your car.We have 2 passes, one for each car.  Love that even if I just washed and it rained (or just that light sprinkle that makes your car look dirty) I can go right back and wash it again the next day.Its quick and they have a well-shaded area to park your car to vacuum  and get the extra drops off.Give them a try!
4	Let it be known: THIS is how you do an express carwash. Friendly, English-speaking employees. A sane pricing scheme. Vacuums and compressed air out the wazoo, at least half of which are in the shade at any given time. Nowhere at Clean Freak will you find a windshield "repairman" circling like a vulture for the next kill. One cashier, one tunnel attendant, one mechanized tunnel o' love. Perfect. Anal retentive? You can even buy an unlimited monthly pass and wash your car as many times as your black heart demands. Bring a towel to clean up the drips while you vacuum (and blow out the crevices) and it's all the satisfaction of washing your car with none of the effort!
2	The pricing of the monthly unlimited is good, and it gets you in and out quickly.  However the wash itself is never quite right.  The tire shine applicator misses parts of my tires almost every time.  The blow-dry machine is not very effective, and leaves several specific areas spotted every time, such as the driver's side mirror.This location was purchased from another company, and the machine here just isn't as good as what I've seen at other Clean Freak locations.
4	Excellent!!!$5 even, no gimmick. You drive through and it gets most of those hard to reach places. Not quite a hand wash but comparable. The best part... The vacuums are free. (((bring a towel to wipe the spots off your exterior))) they give you a moist towelette thing to wipe the dust off your interior
4	I got a $5/4 washes deal a while back from Weekly Plus and will pop in to use it every now and then. I'm sad that I just used my last one last week :(  and that was one awesome deal. Anyhow for the minimal amount they charge regularly it is still a good deal. Don't expect your car to come out like it got detailed. You're gonna have to pay a little more than $5 for that. But for a drive through place it gets your car looking pretty spiffy. Free vacs after the wash and their vacs work pretty well.
4	This place isn't bad and the prices aren't either. The thing I don't like is the hours. I work night shift and feel like it caters to people who can go at 9am or 6pm.As another reviewer said, one nice thing is that at any given time at least half the vacuums are in the shade.
3	Convenient and fast (for a cheap wash)! I do the $5 drive through, then park it and use the vacuum & compressed air. They also give you a little blue interior cloth to wipe off the dust inside the car. It's convenient because you can stay busy doing that while coasting through the suds. I see some people bring shammys or towels with them for drying purposes. Seems a little unnecessary to me since they provide the compressed air. If you are quick, and fan off the water droplets the drier missed, you can get a very clean looking car for minimal effort.
4	This place is pretty bomb. The guys working there are super nice and I love how you get a rag to wipe the interior every time. When my car is going through the wash I just scrub away inside:) And free vacuums after, and these things aren't messing around! I've found them to be higher in power than some of the ones you pay for. Regardless of if you get the $10 unlimited car washes or just pay as you go, it's a great deal. I was pretty depressed when they closed down a while ago, but they reopened and were 10X better than before. It can be super crowded, but it still hasn't forced me to buy an express pass, so it can't be that bad;)
5	Tracu is a great employee and knowd her regular customers by name.
4	First time coming here.  Just got the standard $5 wash (it's $3 Monday - Friday).  Pretty decent job for a quick automated wash.  Didn't use the vacuums this time but will in the future!!
4	Unlimited car wash for $20 (WHAAAAAATTT) yeah, how's that sound? Pretty clean right? the only thing that I will probably have to holla is the very minimum space they had and you got to do your own vacuuming and drying up afterward..
5	Great monthly pay one price membership. Great vacuums
4	Clean Freak is awesome, cost effective, and convenient. The associates are always smiling, assisting, and working with urgency in a manner that is to the customer's best interest. The wash itself is about 3 minutes, but covers all my needs from tires to the top of the car either through the tunnel or the post-wash bays with vacuums and air compressors. The logistics of it, though, are a little less to be desired. You exit into the street where customers are trying to enter and some enter the wrong drive way; just a little too close quarters for me.
5	I have always been the one to wash my car myself. That was until I moved out to Arizona. It's way too hot to manually wash. I heard about this place and it was voted 2011 Best of Phoenix. Place is quick, price is competitive. Always has specials. Where else will you get free vacuums? Quick. Clean. #winning
2	I appreciate the free vacuums and the cleaning rates are reasonable, BUT I feel I got talked into a "Fast Pass" and when I tried to cancel, in a reasonable amount of time, (5 day prior to month end), my account was still charged, due to their policy (which they tell you AFTER you have already signed up) of having to give them 7 business days.  Not like it takes days to click a button and cancel - I think it's just wrong how greed can make businesses do these sneaky little practices.  It seems customer service should be more important.  I won't EVER sign up with them again, and my son warned me, but hopefully others will learn from our mistake. Make sure and read the fine print, that's for SURE!
4	Get your freak on here! You can give your ride a bath, wipe down her insides, AND vacuum her up for just one small payment of $3, all the while avoiding those pesky salesman/windshield guys that only look to sell you services you don't want/need. Hurry on down! (just not during the times that I want to go;) Doesn't get much better than this, folks.
5	I love this Carwash its fast and has everything you need to clean your car. and the 3 day guarantee makes going there an easy choice
4	We drive by this place all the time, and we see the $3 wash sign.  So, after the mud storm the other day we brought our car here.They are very fast, not many frills.  You drive up, pay the guy for what you want (they have a full range of wash options), then go through "the tunnel".  It is not a no-touch system.  Beware your antenna.Once out the other side they have stalls where you can (if you wish) park and vacuum the interior.  They also have compressed air to blow stuff out of crevices.  And it seems you can have as many disposable wet towels as you want.  They are meant mostly for wiping your interior vinyl (they are not 'no streak', so not ideal for glass).  They also sell lots of products from a small cart to aid in cleaning/detailing.  You can do about as much as you want to do, or as little.We did a first upgrade wash (I forget what it was called).  About $5.  Car looks good.  I think we'll be back.
4	I like this car wash, its fast & quick and sometimes you just need a lil washing on the outside of the car, but if you happen to need to clean up on the inside they have free vacuums for you to clean out the car. When you pay they ask you what time of freshener you would like, also with your receipt you can come back within 5 days and wash your car for free if needed. I'm sure I'm not the only one who has washed their car only for it to be destroyed by the weather the day or so after, and most car washes let you rewash for free within 24 hours so up to 5 days after, well that's perfect for me! If you and you see a line, don't be discouraged because that line moves fast!
2	The problem here is the staff. They are simply rude and very unprofessional. For example, I had an issue while entering the gate -it never opens- and I forgot to pick the receipt. The employee, who saw me struggling with the gate, refused to gave me a deodorant for my car because I failed to grab the receipt. In top of that, they always forgot to give you the wipes to clean the interior of your car. Oh, and one more thing, bring a towel, because the time under the blower is not long enough to dry it.
4	I have a membership to this car-wash for my sedan and it is one of my favorite weekend activities to go and drive through it. You get and air freshener, a wipe for the dash and interior and free vacuums not to mention you can drive through more than once if you feel it isn't quite shiny enough. They lack on staff and it can be pretty crowded since they have just 4 locations or so. Families also seem to believe that a place intended to have vehicles driving around doubles as a playground watch out for children attempting to joust your passenger door with the vacuum hose... oh and door dings from unaware patrons. The parking stalls being just a few inches larger on either side would alleviate this problem.
3	I feel this location has a very cramped parking lot. It was extremely hard to get my vehicle into a spot to vacuum when there were other cars in adjacent spots. I felt like pulling in to the spot, I almost hit someone, and a few minutes later someone pulling in to a spot almost hit me. Overall I think the car wash did a fine job as far as cleanliness, but I opted for the $10 wash, not the basic $3 that's advertised. I knew my vehicle was pretty dirty and needed the extra TLC. They tried to sell me a whole month on my very first time there, but I know they have a job to do so no worries. I just don't like the uncomfortable feeling of being sold. They did offer some 5 day guarantee, but I wasn't sure if that was under specific circumstances like rain or "hey, come get another wash before 5 days." If it's the second one, that's pretty cool.
5	This and Cobblestone are my two favorite car wash places around here.  Between the two, I think that Cobblestone's wash is a bit more "aggressive" and quite a bit longer.  I get a bit nervous with the high pressures used at Cobblestone, though it does seem to help clean your car more thoroughly.  There are a few horror stories over there that do concern me.The rinse step at both places is pretty similar, though I get the impression there is more water being used at Clean Freak.  Neither of the places seem to do a good job of drying my car, my trunk/license plate area in particular is always soaked at the end.  At Cobblestone they've got a guy that wipes off the missed spots for you which is nice, and on some days when I'm feeling generous I'll tip him.  At Clean Freak I just bring my own microfiber drying cloth and take care of it in the vacuum area.  I do wish they could improve the drying step at both locations, but to be fair I've never seen an automated wash do a particularly good job there.The vacuums at Clean Freak are very well designed and offer ample power.  The only feedback I have is that it would be nice if the parking were a bit more spaced out, as many times people have their doors wide open when vacuuming the inside.  The pricing and features for unlimited plans between the two is very similar as well, but in the end I choose the freaky clean unlimited plan at Clean Freak for a couple reasons:-Detailing cloth, vacuums, and compressed air come in handy-The quick and mild wash at Clean Freak works perfectly fine for me and I feel like my car is safe going through there-Less crowded most of the time-Location is a bit more convenient for me-Somehow the employees at Clean Freak just seem happier, which is always a good sign I guess.Just one more feedback point is that I wish the unlimited RFID sticker were more like half the size.  It's honestly kinda an eyesore on my windshield.
1	Well, we have canceled our membership.  Their system was damaging our car.I'm not entirely sure which step was doing it, but a piece of trim that runs near the edge of the roof was pulled up and bent over after the last time we ran through their wash.  I don't think it was the heavy cloth strips they drag across the car because those would have been more likely to push it back down rather than peel it up.But, whatever.  Never had this happen before, and not going to chance it again.  Of course they take no responsibility (no car wash does, to be fair).  I think "touchless" is the only way to go.  And this place ain't touchless.
1	Horrible experience!!! My car was thrown off the track during the car wash. Honked the horn and got attendent's attention. He guided me back onto the track. After we pulled out of the car wash, we were able to see the damage. The guy working was very nice and filled out a accident report.  It pulled my bumper off on both sides and tore up the underneath plastic. He told us to they had been having trouble for 3 weeks! We made an appointment with the manager to discuss repairs. He denied trouble with wash and saild we could not prove damage came from car wash because there was a small dent at the bottom. He also told me, " you can't come off the track unless you are touching the wheel!" I was NOT touching the wheel at all!!! He was calling me a liar! He told me they would not pay and we should have our insurance company try and come after them! What a way to run a business! DO NOT USE THIS CAR WASH!!!!!* it would not let me give 0 stars, because that is my rating!
5	So i guess I've been coming here for 4 years now.  Great price, good wash, unlimited vacuums, even better if you can catch the 2 for 1 gift card sale during the xmas season...If the stalls were just a tad wider it'd be perfect.  Beware the soccer mom door ding.
3	Free vacuums nice but, can get very busy at times.  They get a lot of traffic that leads to packing in cars one after one; which at times, makes me feel we are too close together in the wash and the car behind me may run into mine when I am slowly going through the dryer.  With this traffic comes equipment maintenance issues that occur and slow things down even further.By the way, sometimes I feel I don't get the premium wash that I should because the run both lanes, the auto and the pay as you go, I don't think the wash knows what car is which.Some issues here for sure, but what can you expect...it's a car wash.
4	This is a type of wash where you drive through yourself.  This is not a touch free car wash. It offers the typical options and versions of a car wash like Basic, middle ground that cleans rims/wheels and high end with wax and tire shine. It offers free vacuums and air hose/nozzles to squirt out the water from cracks.Overall a good place for those that like to do most of the car wash stuff themselves. Also you don't have to put up with car wash up sells and it offers unlimited plans as well. For unlimited plans RFID sticker (bit of an eyesore) is placed on windshield and sticker in door jam after that just drive up, gate raises and you go in. Prices are fair as well.Positive:Love the name!Washes car pretty well Vacuums on both sides of car (just have to share :-))Air Hoses to blow out crevasses (in front of each bay)Bug prep stationThey give you a wet towel to wipe down interior of carCentral locationEverybody is friendly so far :-)They ask people who are blasting their stereos to turn it off or down.Neutral:Air dryers barely get the car dry you definitely need to dry car after (this is the  case with most of these type of washes). Spot free rinse seems to do ok.Only real negative:Parking spaces are very tight, if its busy it makes tricky to vacuum car and clean door jams
2	I bought a membership almost a year ago. When I started going, it was great. IN recent months I have come out with my car still dirty. Unless I go first thing, the bug buckets are usually muddy and a few times the vacuum that I stopped at wasn't working. At this point I'd rather go to one of those do it yourself quarter run places. Might as well since I have to scrub my car after I go through their carwash
1	For the money you pay, this place works for a quick rinse. If you expect quality from the wash itself you will be disappointed.  Your vehicle will not get completely clean and it will come out very wet. The dryers do very little.  You will need to towel it off when done. However they do provide free vacuums and high presser blowers to get water out of the cracks. If you want a more quality wash go elsewhere
1	My husband and I took our Explorer here once because it was cheap and we were so disappointed.  It was awful.  After it went through one time, it didn't even look like anything was done and we had to go through a second time.  At least this 2nd time it looked like something happened, but still wasn't very good.Never coming back again.
2	As car washes go, this chain, in our opinion,  is one of the better ones. However, this location is older and they don't seem to fix things very fast.The friendly staff (who seem to rotate like a revolving door...have not seen the same person as cashier twice that I can remember in going here nearly 3 yrs) told me hours are 7a-7p every day. During the weekdays, you can get a cheap wash for $3.They do try to sell you the monthly, take-outta-your-credit/debit-automatically plans, but I do not participate in that. Those are unlimited washes every month, so if you have extra cash, or a black car, or you obsess over having a clean car, try it out.The reason for only 2 stars is because, for the 2nd time in a row, and we haven't been to this location lately, one of the vacuums didn't have any suction, and there is only 1 vacuum on each side of the stall for 2 cars to share. Both times, different stall where the vacuum didn't work. Plus, I forgot to take a giant car magnet off before going thru and they couldn't find it when I called later that day, nor the next week. A giant car magnet. How could they not find that???Regarding the chain and the vacuums, the brand new location just off the 101 on 90th in Scottsdale has 2 vacuums on each side, so every stall has their own set of 2 vacuums.Car wash is sufficient and so far hasn't damaged our cars at all. Unlike Fast Lane down the road. Plus, no ppl in the lot trying to sell you Omega Auto Glass, you need a new windshield because you have 5 teeny tiny almost invisible pockmarks in your windshield and that's dangerous. Big bonus not to have those vultures hounding you.
5	I have a slight obsession with washing my car. I absolutely love this location. The staff is always so helpful. Ceenan is fabulous.  Great job Clean Freak.
5	Great place to get a regular car wash. It's fast, good quality and the unlimited car wash is the business.  Matt at the Chandler location is the man!
3	I am not a clean freak. Though, I am a clean enthusiast. If you're looking for a quick, thorough wash-down on your automobile, this location will take care of you. The machine does a great job and I haven't noticed any dings or scratches from the brushes. When I first came here, they offered me the monthly package. I really like the idea, but just couldn't bring myself to sign up for another reoccurring monthly payment. If you're an Uber or Lyft driver, I highly recommend that deal. It's probably tax deductible. I usually order the $5 wash. There is also a $3 option. The reason for 3 stars is not personal. I really like the way my car looks after I come here, and the free vacuum stations is a great addition. There's just nothing particularly special that brings me back, other than it's right by my house.
