5	Dollar seemed to come in with lowest rate for the van I was looking to rent.  This location happened to be the only location that had several available for the date I needed it.  Dollar sent an escort to pick me up at my resort and take me to the off site location which is not that far away from the main drag.  I was the only person in the place at the time which was around 3pm.  I was quickly taken care of and given the keys to the van.  Having rented from Hertz before, I expected a brief walkaround of the vehicle and inspection of working lights/engine components, but was basically just told go on have a good day.  It was fine by me as I was in a bit of a rush to get going.  About 3 miles into my drive I would only find myself seeing the red and blue lights of a LVMPD vehicle in my rear.  As it happened the entire driver's side rear light panel was out (brake light/reverse light/turn signal).  Cop let me off as I showed him I just picked it up from the rental agency.  I phoned Dollar straightaway but no one answered.  I figured I woudn't run into too much of a hassle and just kept on going.  Next day I had to leave early in the AM for California so I had no time to stop back into Dollar.  I was fine all the way down the 10 and the 15 but heard the whoop whoop of an LAPD cruiser just as I hit Hollywood Blvd.  Again I was let off with no issue.When I brought up the incidents when I returned my rental, the gentlemen was sincere and apologetic and ultimately gave me a significant discount off the rental.  Edeward the driver who takes you back and forth from your hotel to the rental agency is great.  He'll make any stop and drives like Flamingo is the Daytona 500.
1	a bunch of rude crooks! dont rent from this company unless you want a headache on your vacation. The las vegas location need to CLEAN HOUSE!
1	I fly into Vegas once a year to make a trip to Utah to visit friends.  I rent a car each time but this was my first experience with Dollar and will probably be my last.  Yes, they came in the low end with the rates but still I was under the impression most rental cars were 'new'.   The car I had was 2 years old and the filthiest rental car, I've ever had.  The seats and steering wheels were sticky with soda spills.  The car also had a strange odor.  But worse, a couple of times along my trip the car sputtered but seemed to run ok.  I told the guy when I turned the car in about the sputtering but he seemed unconcerned.  The rental wound up costing twice the price quoted due to all the added fees and a mandatory insurance but that seems to be the case no matter what rental agency I use.
1	Sucks I'm sure the line up was 2 hours long, after 30 min I left the line up and started to walk from car rental counter to counter.  It was like they were giving the cars away, which they were not, yes they were inexpensive, but luckily I walked over to E-Z Rent a car and they matched their rate and a half a dozen customers came with me.I didn't believe the reviews where the long lines were the main dissatisfaction with this company, but I won't make that mistake again.  If you find yourself in the same situation move on and you'll find a competitor that will probably match, you have nothing to lose except your valuable time.
1	Worst car rental return experience. I rented a car in Oakland to drive some sample products down to Las Vegas. Two issues with the car rental experience: 1. Car sucks2. Very difficult return processFirst of all, the KIA minivan they handed over swirls around on freeway, and it shut down and locked its own ignition in the middle of the road. Took me half an hour to get it restarted in the middle of an intersection. It definitely made me feel like I should have bought life insurance also before getting Into this car. Secondly, the instructions on my reservation indicates that I shall return the vehicle at Treasure Island Hotel. Once I arrived at Treasure Island after a long 11 hour drive, there was no sign directing anyone where to return the vehicle. After looping around the hotel 5 times in a congested Friday Vegas traffic, I finally found a tiny little sign hidden on the roof part near the entrance of the self-parking structure. Who would've guessed to look there?! When i parked the rental car at the spot indicated by the sad sad sign, there was no one checking in any rental cars as if they know their inventories are CRAP also,  or directing the customers where to go to give back the keys. Trust me, I was in every hurry to return that .....toy car. After walking around asking several hotel employees and calling Dollar's customer service line (that representative was as much of a help as the hidden sign, He said "Ma'am, the office closes at 5 PM, so there is no one checking in vehicles right now. Please find the drop off box. Me: Yes, and it's 4 PM right now. So what's your next better advice? Where is your office or the drop box?He said: you just have to walk around, Ma'am. ..... smart answer, bro.)I finally found a tiny booth inside the hotel lobby to finish up the process after another 45 minutes of guessing and waiting. I guess the company makes it clear they don't want their vehicles back! Never again trust Dollar.
1	Worst service ever!!!!This office doesn't answer phone calls. They were supposed to pick us up from the hotel and never showed up. This office should be closed!
1	Thought we were getting a great deal from hotwire for my friend, but man were we surprised! We actually waited nearly 45 mins. in line and we were at the front of the line. There were two terminals but only one clerk. Their customer  service was horrible. When it was our turn the clerk tried to sell us extra insurance after we paid for it online and then she made us feel bad for declining it. Wow! That's when I decided to write a review. I am surprised that they are still in business at this location.
1	HORRIBLE service. They claim they have shuttle service and there's one driver who apparently cannot multi task and go more than one pickup and drop off at a time. AND the marriott resort recommends them. So my next bad review is going to them.
1	Super slow. Never use Dollar. I wanted to rent a car that I barely used. Came out to $67. Got basic coverage and it was $25.70 even though I have full coverage insurance. What a rip. So if you get in an accident then you get charged the rate its not on road. What a waste of money. Brought it back and waited in a huge line of people checking cars out. Car was taken. So no one that just takes in and checks off in the system its here? I have friends waiting that I had to bribe. Pissed the hell off. And no discounts. I asked for an officer discount or government and its for an upgrade. Yeah, another $20! That's a rip! Never again will use Dollar! Plus the $20 in gas!
1	Where to begin? Perhaps standing in line of 9 people and only the 1 customer service agent. This is Las Vegas in a Monday at 1 pm and they only have 1 person working the counter. Their process is slow, she averaged 10-15 minutes with each customer. If you like standing and waiting in lines, this would be the car rental agency to choose!
5	Great customer service! I've been in Las Vegas for a few days and rented a car for 1. Not only is this rental car location reasonably priced, it also comes with extremely friendly staff. All 3 employees I interacted with made great conversation and explained the process clearly. No hassle! Sweet 2014 convertible mustang to drive out to the Hoover Dam!
1	Welcome to Las Vegas and please stand I. Line for 1.5 hours while everyone at this company takes a lunch break. Once you get your car it's plus plus plus with higher fees than the competitors.  Finally got the car and it looks like it's been I a county fair derby.  We were lucky enough to pick up a nail in the tire. After four employees no one could tell me how much it would cost so I have up and went and got it fixed myself.  We wanted to extend our rental but the price doubles. Why would I pay double when I can return and book online and have a cheaper price. Customer service didn't care we could get a car next door for 1/2 the price and said " have a nice day" no common sense in this company so it's my last rental
5	0 Complaints from this location of Dollar rent a car. Selected a Mustang convertible to be rented from July 2nd-6th. Picked the car up at 8 am. no lines no waiting, sighed the paperwork drove off the lot and down the strip like a boss with the top down. No secrets, No bullshit, just good customer service.
