4	Brand new restaurant.  2nd Vegas area store for a Southern California chain.  All food is prepared to order, so you will wait a little longer, but its worth it for the fresh, hot food.     I ordered the fish and chips and was suprised to find actual fish filets with the tails still attached.  Not processed fish type logs.  Tasty, hot fries were also good.     Overall a nice fast-food, sit-down type restaurant.  Good for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
5	Great, expensive fast food. The food is great (for fast food, not for the price). The staff is friendly and the place is clean. The zucchini sticks are really really good and really hot.
5	I work right down the street from this place and it's awesome! I come here at least a few times a week from breakfast to dinner.Everything on their menu is great with a little bit of west coast flair.Staff is great, place is always clean, prices aren't that bad! Just keep an eye out for their coupons they put out at the beginning of the month and you can get some great deals!
4	This has to be one of my favorite places to get a burger now!  Delish!  Given, these are not thick restaurant-style burgers, more like a Wendy's patty size, only better.  The bacon had a great flavor and was nice and crisp.  This is my new favorite burger joint.The only con is that their fries were only OK.  I prefer fries with some seasoning or kick to them, and these were just a basic thicker fry.  Can't wait to go back and try the breakfast menu.
4	I'm digging the fast food/sit down hybrid concept although it honestly felt more fast food to me. Prices were appropriate for portions and quality. The real question is - how good were the burgers?!Farmer Burger ($5.69)  - still Low carbing so I requested a lettuce wrap (not on the menu, but they had no problems accomodating). The meat itself is in thin patties - very fast food and I think the ones at say In n out are yummier and a bit cheaper. What this place has that you can't get at In n Out is bacon and avocado on the burger! Although the avocados were mashed, they did taste like genuine avocados - NOT some guac processed mushy crap. The bacon was nice and crisp and better than your typical fast food bacon. Honestly my lettuce wrapped burger was a bit of a mess (In n Out has that protein style thing DOWN PAT), but it was overall tasty and being able to get avocado on my burger at  fast food place is pretty sweet ! Their salads also looked awesome - way better looking than anything you could get at MCD's/Wendy's. Definitely will be back to try that Cobb salad with 10 net carbs that was calling my name! Overall a nice change from the usual fast food burgers. Avocado lovers rejoice !
3	My husband had told me about the great chicken sandwich he had from the other Farmer Boys in town, so I was happy to see this location open. It's just up the street from my work and has a drive through window, two things that make for a quick and easy lunch. I try to be pretty healthy about what I eat (key word is TRY), but I really love eating food that is bad for me. Like juicy cheese burgers. Today I decided to get the Farmer Burger with fries and a drink. The Farmer Burger is double patty with cheese, avocado and bacon. I wasn't trying to be a total piglet today so I decided to have it with only one patty. I was discouraged when I was told I would still be charged full price for half the beef. The actual burger was good but not great. The bacon was undercooked, I ended up removing half of it. The avocado was great though, they didn't skimp on it at all. Fries were cooked well but lacking in the salt department.  As other reviewers have stated, this is expensive fast food. My total was just under $10. Next time I go to Farmer Boy's I will get that chicken sandwich my husband liked. Or perhaps a salad.  I don't see myself ordering another burger from Farmer Boys, the avocado just isn't worth the extra $5 to me. I'd rather deal with the insane line at the In & Out down on Dean Martin.
1	You know my first experience was fantastic, guess I should of written a review then..would of been 5 stars. Have been back twice since the..Dinner and breakfast. Agreed this is kinda diner like, combined with a feeling of fast food. You give the order, get a number. Server brings you your order. I guess it's kind of hit/miss as far as food quality and service.Depends on who's cooking I guess.Had high hopes for my breakfast meal..ordered Famers Omlet, basically everything growing in the field and from the dairy....Was a failure..served barely warm, huge chunks of peppers,onions, stuffed with hash browns and cheese...got the feeling cook had no clue how to cook an omlet. Brought to the attention of the on duty mgr...got an I'm so sorry..stated cook must of been backed up with other orders..that was it. So on that note don't think we'll be back.
3	If it's your first time coming here don't go through the drive thru....there is too many choices! I unfortunately went through the drive thru because I was on a time crunch...and I made a snap decision. My husband and I ordered the Farmer's Burger it is a huge burger it's almost the size of what you would see at an Islands. It had bacon and avocado... it  was good but I think the taste of avocado and the bacon masked the taste of the burger as a whole. We shared the fries which was a pretty big helping. I almost got full off of the fries alone. These fries are not the puny fries you would find at a Burger King they are thicker. I wish I ordered a salad or a chicken sandwich because I felt like I was feeling burnt out on burgers ...next time I will take some time and go in so I can have a little more time to look over the menu.
5	This about as good as it gets for burgers, fries, onion rings, Salads.Not a bar, more like a counter service fast food restaurant, with a drive thru. But as good as bar food gets (as good as Kilroy's used to be (on Buffalo, now closed, been to Grand Canyon location, not as good).Been twice, had the Onion Rings both times, excellent large, cooked to order (or they tasted super fresh and crispy), served with ranch (don't really need it).Had the Double Cheeseburger and my wife had the Farmer Burger (Dbl CB with Avocado slices, and sauce). Good.Fries are excellent, hot crispy and not breaded (Burger King, I'm talking to you!)2nd visit had the BBQ (fried) Chicken salad, super fresh salad with plenty of tomatoes, bacon, BBQ sauce, onion straws, and ranch dressing. Wife had Cobb salad. Both were good.Would like to try their shakes for desert, but I'm always too full.Good value, about $25-30 for 2.
4	The first time I tried this place was on the way home from California, we made a stop in Rancho Cucamonga off Route 66... So I was pretty excited that we had a few here in Vegas!The burgers are my fav. I've tried most of them and I have no been disappointed in them at all! Their shakes are great, our favs are Coffee and Cookies and Cream or Oreo, I forget what they call theirs. They're great, creamy and they have whipped cream to top it off. Next I'm going to try the orange creamscicle thing :)The one thing that I'd recommend to steer clear of is the Clam Chowder. It was pretty salty, thin and tasted packaged.
5	Eat a lot at farmer boys in socal the food here was great and the serves was great they need to open up more here in Vegas very clean friendly place if you are in the area and want good food go there
4	My buddies back in California have been telling me for sometime about this joint called Farmer Boys.  They keep saying how great it is and as a fast food connoisseur, it was definitely on my list the next time I made it back there.  Well much like finding a five dollar bill in the pocket of your jeans, I was driving down Decatur in part of town I rarely roll to and lo and behold, there was a Farmer Boys staring me in the face.  Waiting was no longer needed.....it was go time!The place was epically busy during lunch, which is a good sign.  I ordered the Farmer Burger which is a half pound burger with cheese, bacon and avocado (got to go with the namesake) and made it a combo.  I duly paid up and when the transaction was complete I asked for my cup for a soda, the gentleman taking the order was like "Oh you wanted a combo, I didnt ring it up as such."  I said no problemo, I'll pay the difference, but he was insistent that it was his fault and that he'd take care of it.  I felt bad and wanted to pay but he wouldn't let me so I put what it would cost me into the tip jar.  I thought that was a nice, albeit really unnecessary, customer service gesture.  Not something you see too often in quick service restaurants anymore which made it all the more refreshing.As for the food, the burger was outstanding.  One of the better fast food burgers I have ever had.  The bacon was crisp, the patty was large and full of flavor and the cheese was thick but not overwhelming.  I struggled to finish the whole thing, which is a rare occurrence.  The fries were good but relatively unspectacular.  I wish the fries were top notch because I would not hesitate to give Farmer Boys a 5 star ranking in that case.  Although, there is hope.  The menu is extensive and I have barely scratched the surface with this matinee performance.  When I make my return, there is a pretty comprehensive looking breakfast menu which is served all day (awesome!) and intriguing salad and wrap options too.  So basically this 4 star ranking serves as my opening salvo, while further visits will reveal the true nature of this place. Prices were decent, especially considering the quality of the ingredients.  Service was friendly and the dining atmosphere was kitschy, rustic, farmy fun.  I also respect that they rock the drive-thru as well so if that REO Speedwagon song I'm rocking too is just to good to turn off, I can keep the party going without missing a beat.  Now if I can only figure out more reasons to go to this stretch of Decatur.....
4	Any place that can serve a good breakfast all day gets my good vote. So excited to go here for dinner after my brunch fail this morning. I already decided before I walked in that I was going to get eggs anything! Except I walked in and saw posters for all their soups. With it being could ouside this changed my mind. I ended up getting their chili which the casher told me was made in house and pretty popular there. I can see why. Pretty yummy. (i just have to remember next time to go easy on the cheese topping.) My mom had some heartattack on a plate. (so you know it was good!) hashbrowns, topped with country gravy, layered with scrambled eggs, and topped off with pieces of chicken tenders. are you craving it yet for breakfast tomorrow? you should be! I had a bite of my boyfriends bacon cheeseburger and that was even good. We shared chili cheese fries (like my bowl of chili wasn't enough right??) and I didn't think they were going to be such a large order! We ended up taking so much home for leftovers of everything. For 4 people to eat dinner it only came to 25 dollars. My dads credit card isn't complaining.Hey farmer boys! you left me impressed and very full. I'll be back to check out some breakfast burritos soon, just maybe for dinner!
4	We had the pastrami burger ,lots of juicy tender pastrami and if that was not enough a burger to boot.  We always enjoy our meals here. .
3	I have never been a big fan of Farmer Boys. We have them in L.A. and from time to time I would end up at one and I just wasn't too impressed. When this one opened up near me hear, I can't say I was too excited. The food is just ok and I think it's a little overpriced for what you actually get. The only things I can say I actually enjoy here are the Ice cream shakes and their breakfast meals. Their onion rings are pretty good too, they just don't serve too many in an order, which is disappointing. Burgers are ok too.If the prices were a tad bit lower I'd probably go more often, but as is it's more like fast food at restaurant prices.
4	YES!  Actually found this place on Yelp, took the advice and headed over for dinner one night.   And, so GLAD we did!  Just a terrific burger is all I can say, and the fries were very good!  We wanted go back again, but never made it.  Lucky for us we will be moving there in a couple of months so will be able to visit more often.LOVED the decor!  Anything like a farm with chickens and other farm animals works for me!See you soon, Farmer Boys!
5	One of my favorite places to eat as a teenager in California! Man was I stoked to find one out here in Las Vegas. The food is just as I remembered! Great service, great food. You can't go wrong!
4	I generally put fast food into two categories, sort of an upper and lower class of fast food.  I know I'm elitist but I think there is a real difference between Carls Jr. and McDonalds.  Farmer Boys definitely goes int he upper category but it does something else also.The food is ordered at a counter and then taken to your table.  the food is definitely made to order but made quickly.  So it is a fast food joint, just with really tasty food.  Oh and a pretty huge price tag.The portions are good, the food is tasty but you pay restaurant prices for things.  I think my burger was about $8.00 and while a super deluxe whopper can run $5 or so, going to a chain restaurant like Applebee's or Chili's is about $8-9.The decor is sort of tastefully tacky?  Kind of a Beverly Hillbillies vibe.  There's lots of simple country affect but with chandeliers and fancy faux french thrown in.  I thought it was a hoot but I was laughing at them, not with them.I would definitely eat there again, the food was really tasty but i wouldn't be hitting them up 3x a week or anything.
4	Most burger places offer your choice of french fries or onion rings, but not here, you can get the most amazing breaded zuccini sticks I've found.  They are huge, there are four big and thick cut sticks, fried to a golden brown and served piping hot with buttermik ranch.  I don't really think about the farmer boys burger without my side of zuccini sticks!The farmer boys burger is two patties topped with bacon, tomatoe, lettuce, avocado, and their special sauce.  It's a big burger, if I order this combo, I get really stuffed, satisfied and want to curl up and snooze from overloaded carbs.  Not something I do often.This is a pretty good freshly made to order fast food joint that serves the most amazing breakfast as well as burgers, wraps, sandwiches and some salads.
4	As a yelp newbie I find myself compelled to only write reviews if I have experienced some sort of dissatisfaction with an establishment.  Rather than rant about a horrific episode that occurred last night at a neighborhood casino buffet (which I may still need to alert everyone about after I collect my thoughts) I would like to take this opportunity to spotlight the restaurant that is Farmer Boys.  Being a fast food connoisseur, Farmer Boys is somewhat of a hybrid restaurant.  You place your order at a counter (or via drive thru) yet you are served the food and you even get real utensils!  Again, being a picky eater I cannot comment on their fried zucchini, bowls of chili or fresh salad wrap however there burgers have always been approved by my taste buds and the onion rings are delish.  Also, fear not breakfast lovers you no longer have to go to Sonic or JITB to satisfy your craving to chow down on some breakfast munchies for lunch or dinner... this joint is rocking the sausage and bacon all day!  May I suggest their scrumptiously delicious breakfast burrito that comes with your choice of premium meat!  Please come out and give Farmer Boys a try.  Word to the wise it is a bit pricier than your average burger spot however, they do you have coupons in circulation and have daily specials that will save you $2-4 dollars!  Here is a link for current promotions: http://farmerboys-lasvegas.com/page.cfm?p=1coupons.cfm&CFID=16420536&CFTOKEN=56d06f707cf49ae1-E91EF539-5056-A32D-AD51D5B5B8B2C05E&jsessionid=84306dffd483b5cf4881533115744734372dThank you for your time and I hope you take the opportunity to enjoy Farm Fresh Food served with a smile!PS- Farmer Boys if you are reading this please let me know the proper procedure for bussing tables in the dining room.  I always bus my table upon completion of my tasty meal however I am often bothered by the number of patrons who just leave their table in complete disarray.  I encourage you to promote the need for folks to clean up after themselves.
3	I'd never heard of this chain before, but I wanted some quick breakfast before leaving town and my Yelp app said this was close, cheap and tasty. I drove up and thought I might've made a mistake since it looks like a fast food joint. It became even more bizarre when I stepped inside and the interior decor looked like an old maid's farmhouse kitchen. The menu was full of typical breakfast foods, and they even claimed to make the eggs fresh. At any kind of fast food place, that's rare. I ordered a 3 egg breakfast with ham, tropical fruit & wheat toast. I've gotta admit, it felt cozy when I sat down. The booths are like a breakfast nook, so it sort of reminded me of eating breakfast at my grandma's house. The food was good, not great. They weren't lying about the eggs - I could definitely tell they came from an actual egg, not some yellowy pouch of egg product stored in the freezer. The ham was decent - very salty, and one side had been griddled to death, leaving it with thick black marks. My tropical fruit was a mixed bag. The pineapple wasn't entirely ripe, neither was the honeydew, but the papaya was decent. My toast might've been good... if they hadn't globbed a huge smear of butter on it. Why would any place assume I want butter? Leave me a side of butter at the table. I'm a big boy, I can do it myself.
4	******2011 Entertainment guide is jam packed with many buy one get one free meals for breakfast and lunch...You can get a hearty breakfast for two and two belly washers, unlimited refills for $11 bucks! I have done it several times******This is a late find for me...better late than never!A fantastic restaurant which is a country warm style restaurant and decor, you can sit inside and eat or even take your breakfast or lunch to go via drive thru!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I encourage everyone to check this place out, the service is awesome!You order at the counter and get a number and they bring your meal to you, they also have wait staff that keeps the coffee a flowing, all other drinks such as soda and iced tea are at the fountain you refill at your leisure!Wow, good portions and fresh food! Fresh eggs not a nasty mix like some of the commercial restaurants use. I don't do fake egg mixes, fresh cracked for my omelettes and such only please and they do!They have lunch items as well, the breakfast is just so damn good that is all I ever order!They make a great omelette and a great burger, the sandwiches look scrumptious oh my, I am in a tale spin just sitting and watching these yummy loaded plates pass me by on their way to other customers, the fish and chips look divine, will have to try next time!Breakfast | Hamburgers | Fresh Sides | Hearty Farmer's SandwichesMelts & Classic Sandwiches | Fresh Salads & Wraps |Soup & Chili | Flame Broiled Chicken | Kids | Beverages/DessertDo yourself a flavor and try this awesome place, great for everyone and bring your kids, they will love the children's menu!!!!!!!!!!
4	This place is decent.  Maybe a little pricey, but overall if I'm in the neighborhood I will partake.
3	Great food but boy are the prices high.  If your looking for a different fast food lunch spot give this place a shot.
2	Pretty average to less than average. I got a bacon burger w fries. Was really nothing to it. In fact if u eat there u leave full and can not remember what u ate.. not bad.. not good.. just there
4	******2011 Entertainment guide is jam packed with many buy one get one free meals for breakfast and lunch...Repeat visit just as fantastic as the first!Yummy! This place rocks! A must eat at place in my book!Four of us went to breakfast this morning, and we sure enjoyed it!We dined inside, air conditioned and comfortable as always. They also have a drive thru for breakfast and lunch so is convenient for those times you are solo and don't really feel like dining inside. Two of us got the French Toast combo, 4 thick buttery and eggy sweet french toast slices and includes 2 eggs, and choice of bacon, sausage or fruit. $6.49The other two got the 3 eggs any style combo, bacon, sausage or ham served with toast and hash browns, tropical fruit or tomato slices. $7.49Four complete meals and two coffees and two fountain drinks, free refills, cost us $24 bucks total for the 4 of us.We each used a buy one get one free coupon listed in the ****2011 Entertainment guide****, so we got 4 meals for the price of 2.There portions are generous, I can pack it away but, this was plenty and great quality. They use fresh eggs not some nasty mix of eggs and fillers.I attached pictures!The service is insane it is sooooo good! They are one of the friendliest and caring group of employees I have ever encountered. Every single one, not just a few, ALL are fantastic and sweet!PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Check this awesome place out! Dine inside and get the full experience!
4	This place is amazing!!!I had never heard of it until my sister took me here the other day for breakfast. I ordered the French toast combo it came with eggs and  choice of sausage or bacon and a drink. We both got the same combo we had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon so our meal came to around $11 .The food was AMAZING so delicious and very big portions!You can do the drive thru or dine inside we ate inside, the service was great very friendly staff and are on top of everything. I would deffantly eat here again next time i wanna try there cheeseburgers i heard there rea good.Anyone who hasn't been must go :)
3	i was just driving by to my hotel and one of my friends spotted this place on the side of the road so we went and tested it out i didnt get fries but my buddy said it was a terrible choice and wishes he got fried zuchini instead which was outstanding by the way it was so good i had the farmers omelete it was so good and the hash browns were so good i had way to much food def had the itis afterwards and passed out food was delicious though
3	As a Farmer Boys fan, I wasn't as impressed with this location compared to the North LV location and others Ive been to in SoCal. The bacon was burnt and the coffee tasted watered down (might of slipped me a decaf, IDK). Drive Thru was quick, efficient & friendly. Not a terribly bad experience, food was definately better then McD or Booger King.
5	When I don't  want to go to a full service restaurant, but don't feel like fast food either I always go to Farmer boy's. Is the best of both worlds! Good food, good service, clean atmosphere at decent prices. They have great breakfast and excellent chicken wraps. I don't really eat hamburgers but they claim to make the best in the world. I'll I know is that they do make the best fried zucchinis!Go ahead give them a try. try the zucchinis, and if I'm right,  you owe me a star!
4	Whenever I'm in this area I need to give this place a try.  Usually have a burger but this time I was in the mood for breakfast at noon.  The Thursday special was a french toast platter with eggs, bacon or sausage and a 22 oz. drink for $6.  French toast was really good as were the sausage patties.  Eggs are eggs and you really have to try hard to mess those up.  Wish they would open up one on the NW part of town.
5	The staple of the Inland Empire in Sin City, who knew. Thanks to Yelp, I found one of my favorite places for breakfast away from home.The family and I enjoyed the typical great service, reasonable prices, and fresh food in Vegas. The kids and my wife had the French Toast meals with eggs, sausage and bacon. I ordered the breakfast burrito which comes with sausage, cheese, scrambled egg, and I added some pico de galo sauce. Oh so good and fresh.   The family and I enjoyed coming here for breakfast because it gave us a break from the strip and the expensive, crazy, busy buffets. It's was a 5 minute drive for us from the Flamingo. It was nice to have a quiet breakfast and be surrounded by friendly staff. Keep up the great work Farmer Boys Vegas!      Don't forget breakfast is served all day, woo hoo!
4	Not bad. A bit pricey for a drive through joint but the food was good. The decor was nice inside, gives you that small town feeling. If I'm ever in the area I would eat here again.
4	It's really clean and decorated very well and feels like you're eating in a restaurant.  I love their burgers, I always get the Farmer burger combo- it's the best.  Their burgers remind me of California burger joint burgers and they have amazing onion rings, fries, and their fried zucchini are fantastic.  The only thing is that they don't carry Coke products, they have Pepsi instead.  Also, the prices are kind of high even though I think the food quality is worth it I advise you try their daily specials.  On Friday they offer the Farmer Burger combo with fries and a drink for only $6.99.  The only non-burger item I have tried is their country fried chicken breakfast bowl and I regretted not getting their burger.
4	The best part for me is they list the caloric content for item, right on the menu.  Makes it easy to know what you're ordering.  Their Fit Ham and Fit Turkey sandwiches are very good and low cal.  Fresh, crisp tomato and lettuce, mustard, turkey/ham, and delicious wheat bread.  Their clam chowder is very good, as well.  Skip the tortilla soup, it was watery when I had it.  Even though the menu looks (and mostly is) a fried food lover's delight, there are healthy, tasty options to be had.
2	After a morning full of errands I had a huge appetite. From a Yelp search I found Farmers Boy's Restaurant. The Menu consists of breakfast items and hamburgers the usual american fast food fare. I decided on breakfast and they had a special that day. Omelet combo for $6.20. The meal came with a generous size omelette, fruit, toast, and coffee. For the price it was decent. The hash browns in the Farmer's omelet were soggy. The fruit tasted like it came from a can and it was like playing a game of what fruit is it.If it weren't for the fact that it was a special I probably wouldn't have eaten here.
4	This place is awesome and served amazing food. Drive thru a little long but otherwise fantastic service.
4	Great place, good food and service. Very nice fast food place!
5	This restaurant is friendly, fast, and great customer service. The assistant manager Sheyva is awesome. She helped us choose a great meal and for a good price. Their Cobb salads are bomb and strawberry lemonade. Definetly will go back again!
4	Farmer Boy's never let's me down, they have a solid 4 star rating across the board from me on every visit.I was in the mood for breakfast and selected a Denver omelet which comes with hash browns and choice of bread, I opted for English muffin. My sweetie got the double cheeseburger and fries which was delicious.We noticed another table had ordered fried zucchini and onions rings, mmmm they looked delicious so next time we will try those!A comfortable restaurant, you order get a number and they bring you your food and all of the refills you want on fountain drinks, iced tea and coffee.Always a great experience, they specialize in everything, breakfast, burgers, sandwiches, salads, wraps, soup, chili, fresh sides and desserts.Their breakfast burritos are enormous, a real meal wrapped up in itself!A very good value for the portion of food you get!Tip: sign up for there E-Club and get a voucher emailed for a buy one get one free meal So worth it!Service is always Outstanding with a sweet smile!Dine in or drive thru!
3	I recently had a burger and zucchini sticks here for lunch a couple weeks back.  I really liked the zuchini sticks with ranch dressing.  Otherwise, I hate the decor and it seems like a fast food joint trying to be a restaurant.  I would give it an okay as I would have to try other menu items to determine if it would overide my hate for the rooster.
4	Great burgers, fries and onion rings. I had the zucchini sticks which were delicious. The calorie content is listed on the menu so you know what you are getting yourself into. The burgers were decently sized, fresh, and seasoned nicely.
4	I am thrilled that Vegas has a Farmer Boy's!  This is excellent food, prices are relatively reasonable, and the staff is friendly.  Good, quick service.
3	Farmer Boys is a nice place to sit and eat.  It is a weird themed restaurant, but the food is good.  I hate the fact that I can see the caloric intake next to every menu option, but it helps me choose the right foods, or at least the lowest calorie intake for my meal. If you want to eat hormone-free burgers, stop in.
1	I have been here a few times and it was a 3-4 star lunch spot before today. I haven't really been able to eat for 2 days due to the loss of my grandmother and grieving. So i stopped in here for lunch break today as its close to my job. I was in line and was waiting patiently to take my turn in line. Some young kid cuts to the front of the line with his buddy and the cashier sees him and says nothing just welcomes him to the counter and takes his order like nothing happened. Another girl decides to jump on the register by the door ans screams out next ...i look to see if the guy in front of me is going to go and she yells out looking at me ..come on who's next lets go. I walk up and ask her for a hamburger meal with avocado and a chocolate shake. She says do you want fries with that.... i say ..yes i just told you i wanted the meal. She replies with you obviously need to speak up because i didn't hear you....she then is banging away on her register to show me she is irritated with me then snaps at me and says what size shake do you want....i tell her small and she makes me repeat it again.  She tells me the total and snatches the 20.00 out of my hand and gives me back the change. I ask for a receipt and she rolls her eyes at me and bangs away again on the register hands me receipt and turns her back on me walks to the back counter and turns and looks at me while she is talking to someone else to let me know shes discussing me. The woman was thin and dark skinned with a long black ponytail and a nasty disposition. Ticket number 488813-2  at 12:54 sever 20- shelby.I hope a manger speaks with her about the simple kindness she could show her guests and that a pleasant attitude and smile could go a long way . You never know what someone else may be going thru and to have to deal with that while I'm already grieving was something that could have been avoided.
4	Chicken club sandwich, grilled chicken breast, avocado, provolone cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and honey Dijon. It was fresh, the chicken moist, and the bacon crispy.  I love this sandwich.  Good service, clean, prices a little high but consistence is the difference.
4	I've been here a couple times.  So far, so good.  While they have a drive-thru and you can take your meal to go, this is not you run of the mill fast food place.  They have a great selection for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  It's a great place to bring the family for a casual meal.The restaurant is clean and well organized.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The food is really good.  While they aren't cheap, they aren't expensive either.  You definitely get you money's worth here. If you're in the area, give it a try.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
2	Greasy bacon, ham dry and over cooked, eggs looked anemic, hash browns look like frozen ones you buy at store. Lol@ anyone giving this 5 stars, 4 and 5's are the places you bring family and friends to, so you can wow them. Came here for breakfast and only a tiny bit better than Denny's
4	What a surprise to find a burger chain with a different attitude! This place serves up friendly service and great burgers, all at an affordable price. If you are coming for lunch, please make sure you budget some extra time, as this place can get packed.There are certainly many choices when visiting this place and, although burgers are certainly my favorite, they have a great selection of salads, wraps, fish, soups, grilled chicken sandwiches, sides, etc. During my last visit I tried the farmer's burger with fries and a side of ranch and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the ingredients, the taste profile of the burger itself, and how great my burger was presented on the plate. You certainly cannot beat a great meal, with a homemade taste, for about $10.I hope you like it!
4	Always enjoyed the Farmer Boys from California. Never disappointing. Great burgers. Nice decor inside.
2	Don't let the  country decor atmosphere fool you, my expectations were not met. Real country has thick hardy tasty beef not these thin bland ones. The onion rings and zucchini fries aren't as good as they look. Batter has a funny after taste. Luckily my girl order the chicken avocado sandwich, which was delicious! I took half ;)
4	I have nothing negative to say about this place, the food is good, friendly employees and the atmosphere reminded me a lot of Kenny Rogers roasters.
4	Farmer Boys has left me a little disappointed in the past, but I have come to the conclusion that I was just ordering the wrong things! While the burgers don't do much for me, I have grown to enjoy a few of the other sandwiches, wraps and breakfast items Farmer Boys offers. I also like that if I get a craving for bacon and eggs at 4 in the afternoon, I can get it at Farmer Boys, they serve up breakfast all day, every day.I am really glad I gave Farmer Boys another try because while I'll never get a burger from there again, I will gladly enjoy one of their turkey wraps or bacon breakfast burritos.
4	Great portions, Good food, Reasonable price.Fantastic Onion rings. Yeah not the best burger ever but, at the very least its passable.
4	Farmer Boys is in between fast food and a traditional restaurant. The large dining area and plenty of tables/booths make you feel like you can take a break and relax for awhile instead of gobbling down your meal. Be prepared to wait 10-20 minutes for your meal to be brought to your table. Food is fresh so it is worth the wait. They serve breakfast all day.
4	At here for lunch the other day, and left feeling very satisfied. Came here on a quick lunch break with a co-worker after he had seen it on his way to work. Upon parking, knew the place was going to be packed from just amount of cars in the parking lot surrounding it. Be prepared to wait 10-20 minutes for your food (we only had a 30 min lunch break) , 5 of that waiting in line, and another 10-15 waiting for your food. Did not expect this many people to be swamping the place at 1230. Our entire visit was about 40 minutes after everything was said and done.I snagged a table as soon as we walked in (which is a great idea) while my coworker ordered.  The menu I could see from the table had so many tasty, delicious options, and I can understand why it's a popular breakfast and lunch spot. I don't believe they are open for dinner I think I read somewhere. I ordered the Avocado, mushroom 1/4 lb. Burger and it was totally worth the wait! The meat was juicy, the avocado & vegetables fresh, the mushroom was delicious and the fries were a nice skinny, long cut which made the crunchy start to finish. Th bun was a very good non-standard bun that didn't taste like a generic bun. Washed it all down with a pop and I was good to go. Place was clean, staff was nice, and I'll definitely come back again.Cheers!~MikeB
4	We were driving around town last night, and came to this great fast food restaurant. The people were VERY friendly, and did not treat us with anything less than respect and appreciation.Their daily deals work out great. I ordered a Chicken Wrap with Clam Chowder as my side. The Clam Chowder was very tasty, and overall great. As for the chicken wrap, I thought it was very tasty, but a little dry. It had chicken, cheese, lettuce and some ranch.Inside Farmer Boys, the atmosphere was very welcoming. It was clean and decorated, with a family feel. The seats were comfortable, and the people working there were great!Overall, great experience, as I plan to be coming back soon!
4	Best fried zucchini and onion rings! After ordering, the food was brought to the table quickly. I will be going back!
4	I love how this place is down the street from me.  It's a little on the expensive side if you only want something like a cheap combo from say a place like McDonald's.  I do have to say a lot of my 4 stars is based on the ambiance and service they provide.  I say ambiance because this place makes me feel very nostalgic and will usually remind me of being back home in the Inland Empire.  The service imho is outstanding with workers doing rounds picking up plates from you making sure you've enjoyed everything...    But a yelp review albeit based on service also has to be based on how good the food is.  I have gotta tell you this is by far my favorite burger.  The Farmer's burger has everything you want and then some.  Avocado + bacon = mouthgasm... and their zucchini are real good, but careful don't take 'em home they do tend to get soggy...    I give 'em 4 of 5 cause like many places that have transplanted themselves from other regions of the country, it makes me realize everything taste better where they're originally from.  This place is no different.
5	What is this place? Is it a restaurant? Is it a fast food joint? Is it half and half??? Hey...if it is, they got a thing going for them..Farmer Boys serve breakfast plates, salads, sandwiches, wraps, and I guess what they're known for....burgers.Be sure to check-in so you can redeem and use their check in offer for a cheeseburger combo at $5.49. If you don't...it would be like $7-8. Hey..doesn't hurt to save a few bucks right?Personally, I thought these are one of the best burgers I've tasted in awhile. To sum it up, it's like a gourmet burger but in a fast food joint? If that makes sense....My burger tasted fresh and whatever sauce/flavoring they had made  this burger stand out. (Writing this review now makes me want to go to Farmer Boys lol and this rarely happens to me when I write my reviews.)I looked around at the other 5-6 tables and everyone else also ordered burgers and fries. But once again, if that's what they're known for and specializes in, why bother ordering anything else right?Definitely a place I would highly recommend and I will be sure to return back soon myself.
5	Food and service is always good, better than fast food. Breakfast is always served
4	Very good cheeseburger. Even got the yelp special that popped up on my phone. Loved the fresh veggies on the burger, very tasty. The onion rings were huge. My coworker had the chicken salad, she said it was wonderful..i would definitely eat here again
4	3 of us staying at fairfield inn las vegas south it was a quick easy ride over to farmers.  We ordered two yelp special combos and a sunday special club sand, which was like getting two because it was on chiabatta and each of my grown daughter and I ate half. It was good. I really liked how with combos you choose your side from fries, zuccini, green salad, or onion rings.  I had salad and it was a,good choice and their ranch dressing was tasty.  They also had little cups of jalapenos which I put in my sand.  They had those yellow peppers too. They are next to the soda machine   I was so excited they had cherry coke in the sodas.  Yes coke products!!!  Service was quick and the food was good and you order at the counter so no tipping needed.  I would gladly go back again.  They serve breakfast anytime.   Yummy!
3	Quick Review:   The burger was pretty good, nothing amazing, but definitely better than say Carl's Jr. or Jack in the Box.  Not quite In n Out.  The Patty Melt was delicious and is served on rye bread with grilled onions as it should be.  The fries were average and a little soggy.  I was actually really excited about the onion rings because in the picture they look like they are crispy and flavorful.  They were neither.  Very bland, the breading was all falling off and they too were quite soggy.  I would go back to try try some of the other items on the menu because they have quite a selection of non burger items that look and sound delicious.  I forgive them on the onion rings, because I should know that what you get almost never looks like the picture.
4	good burger great zucchini!
5	Pretty good upgrade fast food eatery. We stopped here for lunch. My boyfriend had a cheeseburger with onion rings (the thickest you may ever find). I had a breakfast sandwich (wasn't too hungry). It was really satisfying. Prices a little on the high side, but that's OK because the good food is worth it. Nicely decorated in country style decor. Pleasant restaurant. Recommended.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for the first time ever because we heard about their free Farmer's Burger from 2 to 5 pm. Not only was that an amazing deal considering it's a $7 burger, it was also delicious! I got a breakfast sandwich (they definitely won me over with their all day breakfast menu!) and onion rings - the onion rings are HUGE and some of the best I've ever had, plus they're some of the cheapest I've seen anywhere! Honestly, I see a few bad reviews on here, but for never having been there before, we were very impressed and plan on coming back. They were very busy when we went in due to the free burger offer yet the staff was all still so friendly and patient and even the owners were being personable and saying hello to everyone who came in. Everything on the burger tasted fresh and of great quality. I would definitely recommend this place if you've never tried it!
5	Breakfast served all day. What more can you ask for.Definitely will go back.
1	very disappointed.  Ive eaten at a lot of Farmer boys in California and I know their burgers are  very good....but  I stopped for a breakfast burrito ok it was $6.09 but it should be big and good well it was small very small and very dry not enough cheese not enough hashbrowns alltogether DRY and SMALL for $6!!! what  a rip   I hope I get over it by my next trip out there so I can enjoy a farmer boys burger  DONT get the breakfast burrito  not worth $2    very disapointed.
5	Good food, good prices, good portions and a good place, especially if you enjoy decorative cow pictures. I had the double bacon cheeseburger combo and was quite full. I think it's a refreshing change from the usual fast food/ sit down places.
4	great burgers and excellent milkshakes...psss... get the onion rings
4	Love farmer boys!  Best kept secret in the valley.  Food is always good and prices are fair.
5	Really good burgers and fried zucchini. There french toast is really good challenges most high end breakfast spots.
5	They have THE BEST breakfast burrito
5	As far as fast food goes, it really doesn't get better than this place. Really great selection of freshly made food. Burgers are the most touted items, but I think they're ok. You get the fast food thinner patty, restaurant quality toppings, but I always find that the burgers are too substantial for the bun. They have a drive-thru, but be prepared to wait a little for your food. If you decide to eat there, they'll bring your food to you and clean your plates too. It's a nice touch, but if you're like me and feel like you need to leave a tip when people clean up after you, bring a couple bucks to leave on the table. I felt super guilty the first time I ate there and had no cash for them. I really like the different options they have. You can get a burger, chicken fingers, fish, breakfast, salads, soup, and homemade milkshakes. And the zucchini..I love friend zucchini. It's not slices, but big spears. It cuts the top of your mouth, but I still order it every time I'm there. Everyone there is really cordial and helpful.
5	The only restaurant that reminds me of Cali . The onion rings are the best .. Ppl there are very nice n treat u so good I just can't complain n food is delicious .. U just have to take a look for your self .. Even my 1 1/2 year old son ate food he loved the fries n this place makes by far the best fries .. Thanks to yelp I found this place .. This place is kinda far but it's totally worth the drive .. Totally recommend it
2	Ehhh? Just so so, Like kind of going to wendys but they bring your food to you . Only reason I tried it was from a friends reccomendation and he must have been hung over that day that he thought it was so great ?
5	Wonderful svc, the food was Aw3s0me we had the clam chowder in a bread bowl. It's yummy buttery and garlicky! breaded fried zucchini half order and onion rings half order hot do be careful the zucchinies take way to long to cool. My hubby ordered the natural burger with bacon he loved it! One of our party forgot to order but the wait staff got her the order and brought her change back as well. Sup@ place to just hang and talk, oh and get this the serve breakfast FRENCH TOAST! :0)
5	Farmer Boys is awesome! Good is great and service is phenomenal! Lamar makes you feel like a very valued customer. We go every time we are driving through Las Vegas.
5	What a find! We were trying to find a breakfast place on new years day and struck out twice because the other two locations were closed for the holiday. Pulled into the lot and initially it looked like a burger joint. We took a gamble (Vegas) and what a pleasant surprise food was exceptional, wife had French toast and loved it,I had pastrami and it was excellent. I highly recommend it.P.S. staff was very friendly and helpful.
1	Terrible.  Tried, and  I say tried to get two simple turkey sandwiches for take out.  Both were screwed up and it took forever.  How hard is turkey, lettuce tomato with mustard.  I got turkey on bread and nothing else.
4	Zucchini was really good, burgers were awesome but the onion ribg were just ok.  Great friendly service and place was really clean. We will be back to try there breakfast. Overall good food.
3	I used to work around this place and the food was discounted so I was totally down but some of it wasn't very flavorful. My favorite order was the chili bread bread bowl (which is only seasonal) and a Reece's shake. Those I would give 5 stars but anything else I've had I pile on the ketchup or pepper. Don't take the drive thru if you're trying to get somewhere quick. This isn't a fast food place and I'm not sure why they have a drive thru, convenience maybe, but it just took to long for me. Staff here is really cool through, they have probably change since I've been but the management was always nice and the shift managers would always give me a free cup for my drink so I would hook them up when they came to my place.
5	Great food! I love the chili cheese fries, chili bowl, and avocado grilled chicken sandwich. They have a variety of food and its all pretty dang good!
1	Oh this place was nightmare. I thought it would be country style restaurant not sad sloppy drive Thursday pretending to be a restaurant. The food was dripping with grease, the bread was stale and the inside needed a scrub. There weren't even caps on the sauces on the table! Needless we not be returning.
5	Love this place! Their burgers and fries are wonderful! My favorite part is the ranch dressing. The service is always great and the food is always made to order. I would go here for lunch everyday if I could. They also have great daily specials.
2	Why oh why? Why is it so hard to get hot freshly fried french fries? This place is weird. The decor makes you wish for a chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and creamy gravy, instead you get a cold $10 hamburger. It was not busy at all so I don't know why our order was cold. Since the fries didn't have any salt the salt I added did not stick to them, blah. The use their own watered down ketchup. Which we had to get from another table, that and napkins. Will not be back. Cashier was nice and I used a combo deal from yelp so it wasn't a total loss.
5	It's pretty cheap. I always get a day break with bacon, but today I tried the Breakfast burrito instead.  Staff is friendly, love the atmosphere here. It can be loud at times when it's busy. Sign up for their emails and you might get a good coupon!  I love their small Vanilla Milkshakes too.
4	Some of the burgers in the area!!! I have only had breakfast and lunch never dinner also they so have a great salads too . Friendly staff and a discount if you work at the airport and show your ID.
3	Of fast food joints farmer boys is a solid go to for me.  I believe it's more natural than crap at mcdonalds but in the end it's still fast food.  If you're running out of time and want a breakfast try the Breakfast burrito.  Holy moly this thing is solid.  Other than that some cool noteable things is that they have huge fried zucchini.   I get a little tired of fries all the time so i thought this was an interesting switch up.
4	Good place for a quick bite to eat, and friendly staff. Orders are bought out very quickly.
3	They have the classics for breakfast in fast food form..which I love but their burgers and chili fried are good here too..just your typical breakfast and burger and sandwich joint.I don't have any spectacular news to give you here but be prepared to spend a.little more than your usual fast food joint
5	I've been to farmer boys numerous times, first time at this location. I had the pastrami, which was a bit smaller than expecting but tasty. I would like to mention the great service I received with a packed place during lunch time. Manager and staff were prompt and accurate with my order while keeping up with the other dozens of customers in the place. Also super friendly. Would recommend this location over others for their staff.
5	If you are a transplant from S.CA then you know that Farmer Boy's is a staple. This is the closest I can get to classic charbroiled hamburgers from the local stands in S.CAL. This location has the best service in the Valley and I have been to them all. I'm so excited that they finally are adding a location in Centennial Hills, it will save me a 20 minute drive. Great Job in food and service!
5	Took the hubby here for Father's Day and he loved it! Burgers were very goodService was friendly
5	Fast, fresh and the staff is great, even refilled my drink for me. Farmers Burger is the best burger on the menu.
1	My husband used to love going to Farmer Boys on the weekends for breakfast. The chicken gravy bowl was spectacular! Service here is hit and miss. They really do try, but sometimes severely understaffed. Recently we went for dinner, your regular fast-food fare. Hubby ordered a burger, kids got chicken fingers and fries, and I ordered some soup. It took over 40 minutes for is to receive our food, and I did not receive my soup (they said it was "on the way"). So I waited.......... And waited......... And waited......30 minutes after everyone else in my family FINISHED THEIR DINNER I walked to the front counter, asking for my soup. The girl gave me a blank state and said "You're still here?" I asked for a refund, and she urgently went to the back office. I did not see her again for close to 10 minutes (still standing at the counter). I promptly went to my table, gathered my things and my children, and left the Restaraunt. Not only did I receive HORRIBLE customer service, I did not receive the food I paid for, and I did not receive a refund. I will not be back. Ever.
5	Great service! The veggie burger was delicious and the zucchini Sticks were gigantic and very tasty!
3	I've been wanting to eat here, as I had heard good things about it. As luck would have it, I was driving by this location as I was driving between work locations, it was a creative route, but it worked.I looked over the menu and decided on a cheeseburger, makes it easy to rate against other places. I had the Big Cheese combo. It was a cheeseburger, side and drink at $8.31 with tax.The place is like Carl's Jr in that you order at the counter, they give you a number for the table and they bring your food when it's ready. That's the only thing that reminds me of Carl's Jr here.The burger was good, it is a 1/4 pound patty, the patty is thinner and larger diameter than most 1/4 pound burgers. The shape of the patty seemed to have helped, it had retained a bit of juiciness after cooking, and the thinness had kept it from being tough. (With thicker burgers, in order to get the middle well done, the outsides are over done, so I kind of like the thinner burgers) The burger came with onion, lettuce, tomato, thousand island dressing.For the side you get the choice of fries, onion rings or zucchini sticks. I misread the menu, I thought it said, small fries or 2 onion rings or 2 zucchini sticks. I choose onion rings. When my meal arrived it had 4 onion rings, I thought I had scored. But after further review, the side list for the combo said a choice of two, so since I had just picked onion rings it was two orders of two onion rings. I could have had two onion rings and two zucchini sticks, or fries and onion rings, you get the idea. Back to the onion rings, they were huge, I am guessing the onion slice was 1 inch thick, and very tasty. I believe they are made fresh with a unique batter, certainly don't taste frozen.The soda is the Pepsi genre. I like cherry colas and they had cherry Pepsi, so that was nice. I had just come in from 104 degrees outside, so it was refreshing.I liked the food. Certainly better than most fast food places. I will go there again, I want to try the patty melt, I noticed it after I had ordered, it's not under burgers, it's under sandwiches. It was my first time there, I know better now.
3	When we came in there was a long line but after 10 minutes we order the food.We wait for the order another 15 minutes .Rather than that ,the food is good and a place is  clean.
4	Great service. Great food. Don't forget to look up coupons on farmerboys.com before you get here.
5	We have been here twice now, and both times has been great, the food is freshly cooked to order and good quality ingredients, so fills you up for a long time, The staff are friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone that likes burgers or breakfast, the hotcakes are nice. the restrooms and restaurant are clean and well stocked up.Thank you
4	Food is delicious
5	My family loved this place. Everything was fresh and cooked great. I would definitely go here again.
2	Gross.  I had the Natural.  Overcooked tasteless burger with no juice left whatsoever.  Won't be coming here again.  The fries are thick, flimsy and greasy. The kids meal came with canned fruit.
5	This place is so good my mouth waters thinking about it. Everything is always so fresh and exceeds my standards for a fast food burger by a lot. I always get the charbroiled chicken club and the zucchini is to die for!!
4	This was hard to rate because there are so many contradictions. The food is always fantastic, but I do not think they have ever gotten my order right. The wait is long, but that is because it is really more of a fast restaurant than a typical fast food chain, which is the reason the food is so much better. Long story short, I still love them, even though the wait is significant and the orders are rarely correct.
4	Good food. I actually love salads and wraps there~ they really are fresh for fast food. I taste no sulfites which is a big plus. My hubby and I love the farmer burger which so rocks~ bacon, guacamole,  thousand island dressing~ YUM. Breakfast is great...French toast platter or farmhand bowls are my favorites and my three year old will eat them (no onions of course on bowls) even with zucchini in it.  Staff super nice and clean joint. Hint: onion rings and zucchini sides are really good but BIG SLICES so don't be expecting scrawny!
3	The food was okay but for fast food, seemed rather pricey.  Didn't give me much incentive to return.
5	I simply love the fact that they have Tapatio for your fry's it brings me back to Huntington Beach, CA.. It is definitly a contender in my books for one of the best burgers in Vegas!
4	Fast food that's easy peasy with the kiddos in tow. My 4 1/2 year old and 6 year old can split the grilled cheese kids meal with plenty of fries left over for me to steal. Salads are fresh and the grilled cheeses are decent (for non-meat eaters).
3	My coworkers sing praises and moan and gnash at the teeth just to come here.  Once a year maybe, the rest of us relent.  This was one of these times.I got the Deluxe Bacon Double Burger with 1/2 of hamburger meat. With fries.  What came out was marvelous.  It was juuuust right.  Some burgers have issues where the top. In slides around and it is leaning over like its about to fall.  This was big enough to take a bite out of and not make a big mess.  It was ever so slightly drier than I wish it was, but over looking that it was a decent chunk of meat. The service was great.  The lady at the register was very friendly and efficient. The boy who brought our food to the table was cool and seemed to enjoy his job, which was really refreshing.Clean restaurant.  Good parking.  Right off the freeway and in a convenient location. I'll definitely go here in another year. ;)
5	Stopped in on our way out of Vegas. No lines to eat on a Sunday - brunch prime time. The food is restaurant quality food at fast food prices with a relaxed vibe. The staff here are super nice and friendly! Especially Lemar, the enthusiastic young guy we had behind the cash register.  Even though it looks like a fast food joint, service is like a full-service restaurant - they bring your food, refill your coffee and bus your table. I'd gladly come back here again!
