5	This is the best dental practice I've been to since I was old enough to pick a dentist on my own.  I've been going there for 3 years or so.  The hygienists do good work and I've never had a painful or unpleasant cleaning.  Dr. Kalons is my usual dentist.  She's done one major tooth clean-out for me, on a tooth with old fillings that had gone bad, and a couple of small fillings.  All the work I've had done there has held up OK and not caused problems.  I go in the early morning, and they get me in and out efficiently.  The office staff are pleasant.  No one tries to hard-sell you any additional services.  The office itself is clean and well-maintained.
5	I have been going to Dr. Kalons since she and her partner Dr. Glidewell opened their  practice in uptown Charlotte. The facility is first rate and each chair has it's ownflat screen television that you can watch while you wait and even while you have work done. Then enjoy the view of uptown from the 14th floor. The hygientists are all wonderful, I love seeing them almost as much as the doctors. At this point I have had countless cleanings, at least three fillings, whitening and bonding on my front chipped tooth.  My husband switched over a couple of years ago and they also see both my little ones. Even my  mom  goes to the practice and she lives in Atlanta and schedules her trips around her dental work.I used to hate the dentist....now I love going:) A big thank you to the Kalons & Glidewell team.
5	Only the best dentist office I have ever been to... I look forward to getting my teeth cleaned just so I can see the staff. It's great that they remember who you are : ) I have and will continue to recommend such a wonderful office and service they provide.Keep it up!
5	This practice is the best dental practice you can find.Pros:-They see patients on time-Skilled hygienists perform cleanings with minimal pain-Great Office view-Clean facilitiesCons:-Not open on weekends
5	This practice rocks...from the Dentist to the decor. You can not go wrong. The staff is friendly, attentive and went above and beyond to accommodate me and my emergency.I highly recommend them and can not wait to take the rest of the family for their cleanings.
2	Don't let the nice office and cute staff fool you.  I saw them twice.  First for a check up and second for a clean.  Let's start with the easier one.  The cleaning was good - hard to screw this one up.  During my first visit, I thought they were really helpful.  Keep in mind this happened 4 years ago when I was 22 years old and I'm writing this because I'm so happy I didn't end up going with their recommendation.  At the time, my crown of 8 years was getting slightly loose.  I could feel it move a bit when I closed my jaw.  Key thing to note is that it moved slightly.  At the time of exam, the dentist decided to try to knock the crown off to examine the conditions of the real tooth underneath to make a comprehensive recommendation.  She got it loose about halfway and decided it wasn't going to work.  Then she x-rayed me and looked at it and said now was the best time to do a bridge or an implant.  Dentist said implant is the more permanent solution and better aesthetically.  I of course said good idea to the implant as the tooth always bothered me because I always believed people acted in the best interest of others when I was 22 naively and just out of college.  She cautioned that I would be undergoing mini surgeries for the next few months and it takes time to replicate a tooth for my implant.  I was getting excited because I hated dealing with this front tooth as it was causing me to lose a lot of confidence.  I think I was so excited that I didn't care my tooth was sort of just dangling there.  So it went from a slight looseness to half dangling.  I thought to myself I could live with this because I'll be back next week to get a temp fix.  I called home that night to tell my mom the good news.  Boy, did I get a new one.  I was angry because I thought the dentist made all the right arguments.  She really sold me on the implant even though it was going to cost me thousands after insurance.  My mom said can you please just come home and get it examined by the dentist I had been going to since high school.  I ended up booking a flight back to NY to see him and all the while, my tooth is still dangling.  Keep in mind my crown wasn't done by him.  He took the crown completely off and also did x-rays to make sure there were no other issues.  He said maybe one day I will need an implant but for now the crown is just as good.  He cleaned up the crown and glued it back on.  It's been 4 years now and the crown is like freaking new.  It costed me 40 bucks.  In retrospect, I'm sure I could have spent the money to get the permanent solution and I would be fine with it.  But as I started to think back to some of the specifics like leaving my tooth half dangling, it's hard not to wonder if they did it on purpose just so I felt I had no choice but to come back for the implant.  I'm giving you an example of two dentists and two very different experiences.  Even if my dentist thought an implant was the right decision at the time, I don't think he would have left my tooth half dangling there.  I used to work for a bank in uptown so I really didn't have a choice but to go see these guys since they were literally in the same building.  For my 2nd visit, she examined my crown and was impressed and shocked at the same time.  Instead of asking how I felt about it, she asked where is this dentist of mine.  She was definitely flustered.  I calmed her down and she proceeded to examine me for a clean.  This review was really a longwinded of saying these guys really sucked and I'm giving them two stars because they did a good job with the cleaning.  I can't believe they left my tooth dangling there.  I was young and didn't know any better.  I hope y'all can be a bit wiser from my experience.
5	Great dental practice.  Dr. Kalons and her hygienist are awesome.  Highly recommend.  They are honest, comprehensive and are not pushy with selling you stuff the way some dentists are.
