1	Never enter this place unless you're looking to get ripped off!  No refund/return policy on your receipt.  Biggest buyers remorse ever!
1	This place is horrible! I called to see if they carried an Olympus TG-130 in stock and the employee on the phone put me on hold for over 30 minutes like its BestBuy or something. I had to repeat TG to her about 4 times before I had to give her phonetic alphabet so she could know that T=Tango and G=Golf...No! I had to dumb it up for her, "T" for Tom and "G" for go! After another wait to see if she carried it in stock, finally they did carry it. I asked for pricing and they told me they could not give out prices over the phone! WT****...so I asked her "really? so you are telling me that I have to drive out from Henderson, over 25 miles to know the price?" she said "yeah." Un-freaking believable!!! I bet anything it's one of those places that does not tell you how much things are so when you visit them you find out an item that is $100 is $500 there! Anything to fish you to try to make you come out. Would not do any business with them. Very poor customer service!!!
1	I was ripped of by this Hector/Jose sales associate when he sold me a canon dslr package that would have cost me between $1,100-$1,400 but charged me $2,697.00 instead on 4/26/2014...i had reported them to BBB, FTC, Las Vegas Consumer Affairs, State of Nevada Office of the Attorney General, local police and my credit card company...never ever step foot in this store for anything...
1	You too...... I went in today, unfortunately I hadn't seen your comment before I was ripped off by The very devious Hector.   He sold me a camera that I've now seen can be bought for just over 100$.  The professional rip off merchant charged me over 400$.I'm a UK CITIZEN, so I guess he thought I was an easy target. A horrible tourist scam.What happened after you reported them to all the people you have.... Not much by the look of things, as he is still verbally committing fraud and selling items far exceeding their true cost!Is there anything I can do?  There is something all other shoppers can do....... Stay away from this store!!!VEGAS FOTO  is a RIP OFF STORE.  THEY DONT JUST ADD A FEW DOLLARS..... THEY MORE THAN TRIPLE  THE TRUE COST,  AFTER CONVINCING YOU THAT THEIR PRICE IS THE REAL PRICE.  THEN THEY INSULT YOU FURTHER BY BEING KIND AND THROWING IN A FREE $10 CASE.    THEIR ALL HEART.... NOT. ,
5	I read these reviews before walking in, but I went in to buy a memory card for my camera because I didn't have a choice. I don't understand what the problem is. First of all, half of the people who left reviews never even entered the store and bought anything. Second, yes I paid a little more than I would if I was back home, but what doesn't cost more on the Las Vegas strip? They at least compensate with their expertise and knowledge about cameras and everything else that they offer for sale. Good luck getting any reasonable information from those high school grads who work at Best Buy. You're in one of the busiest and most expensive tourist destination in the country! You know how much they must pay for rent just to be there?  If you come to Las Vegas to shop for a bargain, then there is obviously something wrong with you! The store is there for your convenience so that you can buy what you need now instead of later. Know the cost of what you want before walking in and spending an hour of a person's time and then comparing prices. It's not fair. Of course online it's cheaper, but do you think online sellers will waste their time to teach you about cameras and photography? No way! Time is money.Finally, I asked the salesperson why they don't have a refund policy. He explained that when they did, tourists would come in and buy cameras, chargers and memory cards just to use for a few days on their vacation and then bring it back when they didn't need it anymore. I think that makes a lot of sense. Anyway, I go shopping for big ticket items knowing what I want and how much I need to pay. If the price is right, I buy it and I leave; if it isn't, I thank the salesperson and I kindly walk away. The process takes 30 seconds. I never walk into a store for a free one-hour lesson from a person who doesn't get paid by the hour. It's common courtesy. That's why they are SALESpeople and not teachers.
1	Don't go to this place!! It's the first time I have encountered such a bad experience! I am looking for a Canon camera and stopped by when we (a family with 9 months old baby)  passed by. I asked to see one camera and the first word the sale guy ( African American)said was "$499". I had no problem with the price as long as I know the feature.  Actually I am looking for something around $1,000.  So I asked for feature and description. He asked me to go online and check.  Clearly he has no interest to sell any of the items. I said to my husband "let's go" and the guys started to curse such as "fucking Chinese etc".  And he actually spited toward us without hesitation.  This place has no respect to their customers and with races discrimination. This place should have closed down long time ago.  I would give it negative stars if it is allowed.
