1	I have been working in this area of 24th st and Camelback for months and see the signs for a farmers market every wednesday.  I have been wanting to check it out and I finally got to it today.  I have to say I was more than disappointed.  I honestly think that they buy their produce at safeway prior to setting up at 10am on Wednesdays.  Nothing appeared to be local and everything was overpriced.  The two "farmers"  that were working the one produce stand looked like made up "characters" of what people expect farmers to look like.The bakery that has a table set up was severely overpriced, charging $6 for a loaf of bread.  Save your time and money folks! I am going to check out the downtowm market in hopes for better quality and LOCAL produce!
3	I have been wanting to try this Farmers Market out for a long time. When i go to the Downtown Market the veggies are already picked over...Any-who , so having the day off I decide to venture over, the sign says opens at 10, but when we pull up at 9:45  all the Granola Types are already  elbows deep in produce.. hope i didn't miss anything. McClendons provides the bulk of the Produce and it looks really pretty, bright purple red beets, deep green leeks, fingerling potatoes  , shallots , farm fresh broccoli ,,yummy!   Much of the produce is organic and labeled to its origins , several items were from Willcox so mucho fresh. McClendons has 5 registers open and there still is a line . Housewives are grabbing and picking veggies quick , you have to be quick on your toes not to be ran over .But it was worth it. After Veggies its mostly crafty stuff , soap, blankets(?), jewelry, yarn crafts, a bread stand.   So   not a whole lot.Would I go again , if I was in the area I definitely would want  to get fresh veggies. But I  wouldn't make much effort and I am usually at work . if you live close and are at home Wed. morning  yeah get over there and grab.
3	The only reason I give this three stars is due to the size of the farmer's market - it's so small! On a positive note, they have a wide range of things to buy - tamales, hummus, honey, wheatgrass, alaskan seafood, soap, Italian food, chocolate and then your typical fruits/veggies. I go every Weds but I am going to try one of the larger markets on Saturday mornings.
4	I consider this an important farmers market for Central Phoenix because there is a great selection of organic,  local produce.  It is a smaller sized market (compared to the downtown one) but I actually have way more success in finding the produce I want at this one.  An extra plus is that after shopping there, I can stop by Trader Joes (in same shopping center) and get the rest of my groceries.I shop here for produce and at the downtown one for raw cheeses and specialty items.
2	I've been coming to this farmers market for a while now (about 2 months) and its just okay.  I walk through it most times, and for the most part, aside from the strawberries, I really don't see anything here that appeals to me.  They have some of the usual things here, mostly a lot of produce, which I think is from one big vendor, and a few small others.  There's tables set up that sell cheeses, soaps, tamale's, pork on a stick, hummus, dressings, a lady that sells knit stuff, and a few others in there as well.The produce setup seems cool, but I really don't buy it, for whatever reason.  There's a guy that sells bread, but its $7 a loaf.  $7?!?!?! NO!  I can get quality deli bread anywhere else for half that!!I also feel that some of the vendors are a bit pushy.  I try not to make eye contact, otherwise their down my throat trying to sell me stuff I don't need.  I come here out of convenience because I work right there.  Seen better farmers markets in my day...
3	Went this morning to the Farmers marker at Town N country.. it was a nice experience.  Although it was small it had some nice treasures.  .....  organic herbs for juicing, lavender wool balls for organic fabric softener, fish , veggies and home crafts.
