4	Yayyyy, there's a place with fashionable clothing, accessories, bags, and heels in my neighborhood!I bought many pieces of accessories and clothing that I later found in LA on Melrose. That alone says alot!!!I always try to stop in when I'm at the grocery store next door and end up leaving with more than what I needed. And lets face it, I don't need most of the items I buy...but, I MUST HAVE IT!!! lol
3	Great boutique! When I first walked into the Summerlin location I expected the price tags to be in the $100's+, but they are average priced dresses! The accessories and purses are awesome, and they have work out clothes which I love.  The only problem is their dress sizes run small... I fit in the mediums, but they end up being too short for me.  Clothes are not for the above average sized girl.
5	Love this store! I've been to the Summerlin location and I always find something I literally love. Prices are good.. I feel like the items are very unique.. The girls that work there are really nice and give their honest opinion.. I personally think a lot of the stuff runs big
5	while waiting for a friend to get to Sambalatte just about 3 stores away, the whole vintage outlook of the shop from outside caught my eye. the moment i entered the boutique, i knew i wouldnt regret because it instantly felt like home. The walls were painted blue with gold picture frames all over, a cute sofa and lamp in the middle of the store and the most adorable clothes...not to mention they were all sold at affordable prices. I trie on a black dress and the saleslady was helpful enough to show me more color options and personally take me to the fitting room...which by the way felt like it came right out of the 50s. everything about the store painted 'girly' and sophisticated, casual but from hipster, just the right set of clothes for every occasion. if only i lived nearby, this would be my favourite hng out spot. till that day when i get a car!!! :)
5	Absolutely love this place, I come here about once every other week to check out their new selections. I've been shopping w/ them ever since they opened back in 07 or 08? I can't remember but I really adore Haute Chix.Lol The prices are good and the selection of apparel is chic and trendy. The owners (mother and daughter) are extremely hospitable as well as their staff. They also have an in-house seamstress who works wonders on any type of wardrobe, trust me. I had her alter a dress from Haute Chix (got a great deal mind you) and the dress came out perfect. I wish Haute Chix the best in their journey and I shall continue on supporting them every step of the way. Love you guys!
5	I came across this boutique one day and was impressed with their selection of clothes and accessories. I moved out to Vegas from LA and could not find trendy and unique clothes like the boutiques off of Melrose Avenue until I came here. Super cute clothes and great prices. Every time I wear something I bought here I get compliments. I have also been to their location off of 215 and Rainbow. Both locations are great and have a good selection of clothing and accessories to choose from. There is a lady who does alterations inside of the Southern Highlands location and I have brought in a couple pieces of clothing for her to alter and she fixed them to perfection.Stop in to this boutique if you're looking for unique clothing pieces. Give them a follow on Instagram to see some of the items they carry and the special discounts they offer.
5	Yep, I am officially in love with Haute Chix and it has soared up on my list for top clothing stores. A few tips: Make sure you follow them on instagram @hautechixvegas to get the first scoop on brand new items and the daily deal.. whether it is 20% off of certain items or certain colors! Very fun idea and I am happy to know that they still care about doing these things to show appreciation for their customers. Word on the street is: alterations here are fairly priced and they come out looking fantastic. Also, check in on Yelp before you checkout ;)I rushed over here because I fell in love with two dresses posted on their instagram and my trip ended with me snagging up both of them along with some cute accessories. I love that they took the time to wrap my necklaces in tissue paper so it would not end up a tangled mess in my bag. Whenever I am done checking out, I feel like I just gave myself a nice gift. Cute, brown kraft paper bag with my newly purchased goodies inside topped off with tissue paper. It can easily can end up being a gift bag if it is a present for someone.They have a lot of unique jewelry pieces/clothes that you will not find easily distributed like per se Forever 21. I love shopping here and knowing that you will only be finding my top or outfit on very few other individuals. And again, I must stress that if you love that item, BUY IT! It will most likely be gone before you can even think about it lol.
5	Cute trendy clothes and accessories at reasonable prices. I love that they now have someone doing alterations inside the store. I just took in several pants to get hemmed and they did a great job! Not to mention they had them done in 24 hours. Love it.
3	Don't bother if you are over a size 8. However, their seamstress is great.
5	I love local Buisness owners who know you when you walk in the door. You can find great items at affordable prices that big box stores don't carry! Alterations are a plus here:)
2	I wish they carried fashion for real sized women. You know over a size 8. The seamstress Ava is fantastic!
5	They do alterations! Great quality on the alterations and a great price. The styles here are more casual with a few dressy options. Would like to see dressier options.
