5	Came here after doing a Google search to find the closest vacuum repair and I was fortunate to find this place.  I have a Dyson which I thought was an awesome vacuum (not that I ever use this stupid thing).  Turns out they make some badass vacuums and this place sells them.  I wont go into it but my next vacuum will be bought from this place.  In the mean time they completely went over my Dyson and made some repairs since it was super loud and not working efficiently.  My wife says it works like new again and that's all that matter to me.
5	I recently had a carpet shampoo cleaner repaired by this company. Great service, great job and friendly service and a very resonable price. Highly recomend this company !!!
5	I needed warranty work done on my Dyson and was deeply disappointed in another vacuum shop located in Sun City, so I halted the work order and brought my Dyson here instead. This establishment was a world different, and they truly deserve a 5 star review. They were friendly, attentive, helpful, fair, generous and they let me use a loaner vacuum for a repair they completed in less than 12 hours. Seemed to be a family business. There were 3 employees I could see, 2 of them were helping me while another worked in the back.  Quite a contrast to the other place, who had one very rude man there and both times I visited appeared to be doing...nothing.  He must've given me a dozen signs he did not want my business, including being completely annoyed with me for asking questions after not offering me the basic information...Answers were terse and made no eye contact. (Also, he took 2 days just to LOOK at the vacuum, gave me a 2-3 week timeframe for repair, claimed his loaner was out on loan--but then said it was broken, and after I asked, he offered to rent me one for 15$ a day--Wow. Thanks, rude dude). I'm so glad I called Dyson back to see if there were any alternatives. THIS is the place for your Dyson needs in the West Valley...Worth the drive from other parts of town,  too.  And I'll be sure to communicate that to the good folks at Dyson.  This is the type of customer service they'd be proud of.From the looks of things in this establishment, they'd be happy help you with a whole lot more than just Dyson, and they seem quite capable. They even offered me tips to keep my Dyson clean and in good working order in the spirit of great customer service. They might even enjoy what they do here.  Super Vacuum...fitting name, indeed.
5	I concur with the other 5 star reviews.  The store is neat, clean, and packed with vacuums, floor and rug cleaning machines for home or office, reasonably priced accessories for those machines, and home cleaning and janitorial supplies as well.  "Tucked away" and "hidden" from street view in obscured corner of a plaza anchored by a Fry's Grocery, I found the staff to be cordial, knowledgeable, and helpful.  Lots of places are "adequate" or "okay" in their customer service, but this was just a plain "comfortable" place to be and do business, and that's meant in a very complimentary sense. The shop rents Rug Doctor carpet cleaners and also does repairs.  I took in an inexpensive vac that had some physical damage done to it, to see if it qualified for repair under the manufacturer's warranty, and as I expected, it did not, but the diagnosis was done  on next business day, and I was promptly, courteously notified, with apologies that the patient could not be saved.  Perhaps the rather close quarters are a contributing factor, but there's a feeling of an old-fashioned shop with a knowledgeable, long-time staff (whether they are "long-time" or not, I don't know), a good reputation to uphold, and an atmosphere of cordiality such that before I left we were talking "dogs", and how one of the guys has a dachshund at home that runs the house - like mine.  That was a 5-star experience.  They probably do okay with vacuums and stuff too.
5	Totally resurrected my ancient dirt devil while I was standing there for less than 40 bucks.
