2	I was quite disappointed with this location because it did not have hamburgers on its menu.  Kinda silly since they have chicken sandwich and hotdog, etc.  I was also disappointed with my hotdog order.  I ordered a foot long hot dog.  The box it came in kinda made me giggle since it was so long...duh...foot long.  But when we got home, it was actually just two hot dogs in the box.  Ukh!
2	We should have checked Yelp before heading out to this DQ. The husband and I were scheming about the hungerbuster burgers we were going to get and were getting all hyped up. We pull up only to find this DQ is NOT in fact a Dairy Queen. It's a glorified snack shack with Dariy Queen icecream. They literally only have a deep fryer. No grill. No burgers. WTF. This location sickens me. Don't call yourself a Dairy Queen and NOT carry the hamburgers. It's false advertising.
1	Yikes,  the memories of DQ.  You know, ice cream, treats, a nice nostalgic feeling of the past for kids.  What happened to this place?  I haven't a clue.1.  Ambiance - Been here several times now, and always the same, bland, not exciting.2.  Service - Hmmm, perhaps they should turn this one to a self service facility, this would definitely improve the service. A guy was there waiting for his kids sundae. The servers assisted and prepared orders for two other customers that came in after. The guy goes to the server to remind them, they said it was almost ready. Then I put my order in, the guy starts to make mine and I remind him about the guy's kid from three orders ago. So, they start to make it and it takes like 10 seconds. Poor kid.3.  Service Part 2 - they make my order and the shakes are like slightly thicker than milk. I said no whip and guess what, whip. I ordered one dipped cone and guess what, i got two. I guess you can say that this ying yang approach is balanced???4.  Air Con - What the heck happened here? No air, no fans, hot and stuffy?  Hmmm, what would a normal store do? Offer free dipped cones!5.  Service Part 3 - to use the toilets, you have to get a key from the cashier. Guess what, they cannot find the key.  I wonder what the dealio is since this place is usually empty anyway, no need to manager the bathroom.This is not a bad place, the cones and stuff are decent, but the service and customer care is not in existence.
3	This is a basic Dairy Queen - not the grillin' variety.  (Surprised at all the no-hamburgers-here-hate on Yelp.)  I've never gone to a DQ for grilled meats, so the lack of burgers here didn't bother me.  I do go to a DQ for a Blizzard, and they do 'em right here.  Mine was thick and tasty, filled with all the oreos they could possibly fit in that container. ;)  Service was quick and friendly, late on a Friday night.
3	I just stopped by tonight with my old co workers. It was about 8:00 and packed. Can't blame them for that.Service was quick even though it was busy.Got my cherry dipped cone within a couple of minutes.So dis the rest of my party.Last I'll say is it gets two stars off for..1) our table being dirty..That'd just wrong lol there was more than enough staff to give a quick wipe off.2) the staff you could visibly see eating.I've had a few jobs before and that's just not professional. Haha hide it! Overall it was just your average DQ
2	No french fries cuz the fryer is busted...hmmm. They offered chips so guessing it's been busted awhile.  :(  Actually one of the worst DQ's I've been to.  They put the corn dog in the microwave!!  ick.
3	Went here tonight and was greeted by the awful old deep fryer oil smell. Ick!  If McDonald's and Burger King can figure out how to not have that smell, surely DQ can too. They are under new management from earlier this year but Iam disappointed to experience that oil smell.  I am however giving them two stars because the service was very fast despite all of the people in the place.
2	Still the same old gross fryer smell!  Do they ever change their oil? The employees are super friendly and fairly quick so I give them two stars for that. Where the heck is all of the seating?  Hello? How about a sunshade that actually works so the customers aren't blinded by the sun if you come in the evening. My kids love their ice cream and I enjoy a blizzard every once in a while so I will go back but only when I have a coupon.
1	Stale cone, asked for chocolate sprinkles, and got rainbow.
2	I'd have to just say this dairy queen is average.Among all the ones in town that I've been to, they usually are about the same. Super busy and staff always seem overwhelmed.This one was packed with all the seats being taken. The table we sat at was dirty with ice cream and napkins and the staff was not cleaning any of the tables.Understandable in a rush, but don't visibly eat ice cream after a rush in the back instead of cleaning tables first =\Anyways this place was just below average for me..
2	I came here for Blizzards for the fam.  When I got home, my hubby asked me what that intoxicating fragrance was, when I was near him.  To which I replied it was Dirty Fryer Oil de Toillette.  Seriously, would it kill them to change out the oil?! Other places that fry stuff do not smell like this.  I had to hang my head out of the window like a dog on the way home to try to get that smell out of my hair.  It just permeates in your clothes and hair the minute you walk in.  If I didn't love my blizzards so much I wouldn't come here at all.
4	Decent fast service. I dont care if it smells like a deep fryer. Theres a great DQ thats been renovated over on warm springs if you dont like this one. However, we go to dq for cheap quick ice cream, no more, no less, & thats what we got.
2	Sticky cups, wrong change, training day??? Heaven help them! I saw five  customers walk in as I left! Hope they count their own change!
2	DQ is expensive and I am not sure why. It's not even that good. I do like their blizzards, but that's about it. I decided to order something different so I decided on a brownie sundae. It came with vanilla soft serve, 3 small brownie pieces, and some oreo crumbles. The total was $5 and some change! 3/4 of it was the ice cream! Total rip if you ask me. As far as the store, it was kind of dingy. Also I did notice that they have babies working there. The kid who took our order was like 16. One of his little friends stopped by and they were chasing each other around the store play fighting. Also he gave him free ice cream. What the hell. I want free ice cream!! There didn't seem to be any real management on staff. I wonder what happens if a customer has a legitimate issue and needs to speak with a manager? Oh well I don't even care that much, just a general observation.
1	What a mess. After making my pumpkin blizzard. They tried to use a regular soda lid on the large then forgot the whip cream.  Next after asking for whip they forgot the pumpkin spice.  Asian guy working was on the side using his cell.  Had to ask for the spice in another container so I could put it on the blizzards myself for the kids.  Wtf?????  It was soo freakin messy and it looked like an ice cream shoved into a cola container at first. This place needs a serious employee training so they know never to serve something with less quality to the customer.
