5	We were fortunate to get Randy on short notice when house guests gave us short notice for Thanksgiving arrival.  Bradley Carpet Cleaning service was happy to recommend Horton Carpet Cleaning and it turned out Horton had worked with Bradley for 12 years.Randy is professional, courteous and friendly.  In measuring our carpet areas, we think he errored by several square feet in our favor.  Prices are more than reasonable.What about the carpets?  Randy brought our 10-year old carpets back to new condition!  Red wine & other stains we had cleaned ourselves to a "barely noticeable" condition are gone.  The carpet is back to its former loft & feel.  Even carpet that was under heavy furniture for years came back to its new look (Randy did give some credit to the carpet quality).Bottom line: We have no reservations in recommending Randy of Horton Carpet Cleaning.  Become one of his customers now before he's as busy as his friend!
5	Randy is extremely kind, patient and honest.  He did everything he said he would and didn't try throwing in some extra fees at the end that were not previously discussed.  He cleaned our floors wonderfully and I would absolutely recommend him to friends and family!
5	My regular carpet cleaner was booked and I needed to have one big room cleaned for a Holiday party on a short notice. (Our little dogs had made a BIG mess in there and the smell was disgusting). Randy not only juggled his schedule to come out the SAME day I called him, but he did an amazing job. He really went above and beyond what I expected and truly saved the day.  My carpet looks great and it really feels and smells clean and like new. I highly recommend him. Courteous, neat, professional and he knows his stuff. Thanks Randy!
5	We hired Randy to get the carpet and grout cleaning in our house.He came over on a very short notice and was very friendly and helpful. We called his previous employer, who was busy and referred him to us and we are glad we got the carpet and floor cleaned by him. He is very patient, reasonable and knowledgeable. Not too expensive. If you are first time home buyer, you can try this guy and you wont regret it.
