5	Great food and fantastic service. Great family owned business.
5	Bernice is a great server. Very personable and quick. She ran a very busy section perfectly. Thank you.
5	The staff is amazing here. They're always so sweet and helpful.I have my usual (as I do every where else we dine regularly) and my go-to would be the stuffed french toast combo-- comes with eggs (mine are over easy), potato and meat, I go for sausage bc I don't like bacon. The SFT is stuffed with this cream cheese goodness that for someone who doesn't eat very much sugary foods as much, is such a treat! It's SO BAD, but it's SO GOOD. It's not overly sweet to where I need to chug a gallon of water, it's just so GOOD.Close by, great service, consistent food flavors... You bet ya we'll be here on a regular :)
2	I went to IHOP on 3/26/2013 at 12:28am. I went with my wife and mother to satisfy one of my pregnant wife's cravings. Since it was so late both my mother and I did not want to get hug meals so we inquired about ordering off of the kids menu which we were told was quite alright. The server seemed nice he wasn't great but I give it to having to work a late shift. My wife ordered the Pancake combo with over hard eggs hash browns sausage and the pancakes where NY cheese cake pancakes. My mother ordered the grilled Mac and Cheese. I ordered the Mac and cheese and then my wife gave me the IF YOU DONT ORDER SOMETHING ELSE I WILL STAB YOU LOOK simply because she did not want to be the only one seeming like she was eating at the table so I also ordered a crispy chicken salad.The pancakes did not have a single hint of cheesecake but they were still good maybe its because I really like ihop pancakes but I thought they were still delicious, my wife on the other hand wasn't so pleased as she didn't feel her prego sweet tooth was satisfied. The hash browns sausage and eggs were the usual nothing out of the ordinary. The grilled cheese sandwich was exactly like the grilled cheese I would make at home toasted brad with a slice of cheese is in the middle. The Mac and cheese was regular Kraft Mac and cheese. The salad just happens to be one of my favorite salads at ihop and it surely never disappoints its filling and tasteful.We asked for the tab and when I received it I was shocked to see that even after ordering off of the kids menu the entire bill was still over $30.00 O.O!!! Luckily we had a menu at the table and my mom quickly started comparing the prices. She immediately noticed that we were charged the incorrect amounts. My wife suggested that maybe the pricing was different given the hour. I looked through out the menu and the check to see any sort of fine print that may state that prices are subject to change based on time but there was none. I asked the server if the prices where different given the time it was he explained that they were not. I showed the server the inconstancies in my check and the pricing that was listed in the menu. He said WOW! I'm shocked I've never had someone point that out. He then picked up the tab and my credit card which was laying on the table and said let me see why it did that. My thoughts were oh well he's surely going to edit the amounts and bring me the correct bill and charge that to me. Well to my surprise he did absolutely nothing and simply charged me the incorrect amount. I have a very short temper especially when I feel someone is trying to take me for a fool but in this particular instance I held my cool and simply walked out of the establishment before I turned ihop into a crime seen over 2 measly dollars. My wife later asked my why I was so aggravated at the situation and I had to explain that if ihop is doing this to every single person because no one is checking their bills then they are committing fraud and false advertising. I explained that if I was committing fraud I'd be in jail so why is it ok for them to do it? And at the end of the day its not about the 2 dollars its about the principal!! I ended up writing a contact us form about the issue I doubt they'll actually reply.
3	Love the stuffed french toast combo :) However IHOP is more a convenience joint. If other places were open 24 hrs and on every corner I'd probably got here over IHOP. If you're into breakfast brunch lunch spots then definitely check out egg works, the cracked egg, omelete house, and Jamm's!
4	Typical IHOP. They were not busy though when we had our dinner; it was okay.
5	OMGeeeee!!! Service.... EXCELLENT!!! Meal.... EXCELLENT!!! Fluffiest pancakes ever!!! Yuuuuuummy!!! The BEST service, great people who treated us like family!! One of my top 5 best experiences since I`ve been in Vegas!! I live on the north end of town & won't go to any other I-Hop... This ones the best!!!
1	I do not believe I have ever wanted and almost did dine and dash on IHOP tonight. Perhaps breakfast is much better than their dinner. If I wanted instant mashed potatoes (that needed more water) and Kraft mac n cheese...I could have simply made this from home. Almost 3.00 for black coffee, that was rip number 2. The food was simply horrible and the prices were ridiculous. Seriously a quick cheeseburger from anywhere and a coke would have been much more satisfying and a fraction of the cost. Never again...
4	This place has pretty descent food and service. I appreciate the kids eat free deal, since I'm a single mom- it definitely helps!
2	I'm sure ihop used to have great food in the beginning. Now that they are large, they quality of food is cheap and everything is from a can. Batter from a box pancakes always taste good and exactly the same. Friend ordered an omelet.  It was soggy and there was a suspicious looking liquid in the middle which I though was raw egg. Turned out it was some kind of cheese product from a can. The server im sure was nice enough, but you couldn't understand a word she said.  In fact the entire staff you could tell was hired for cheap labor.  Cmon ihop, get you game together!
2	I came to IHOP to reminisce some of the good times ahead of the child was looking for an international Pancake such as the Swedish crepes but unfortunately I was disappointed and realize they had none of the International crepes on the menu anymore. I guess that's why they went to IHOP instead of its original name International House of Pancakes. So I had a basic breakfast scrambled eggs pancakes with maple syrup and bacon. Definitely let's cook fine and the service was helpful but again I read it at 2 because of the lack of variety and what set them apart from other Pancake House is in the past.
4	As many times as I come to Ihop, I better be a fan,...LOL! However, I did encounter a problem on my recent visit. Anybody that's been to Ihop and has checked in through Yelp will know they offer a deal that you are able to redeem. The offer being if you order an omelette from their regular menu, then you can get a side of free hash brown. Well when I checked in and ordered my omelette I wanted to redeem my offer but I was told by our waitress that it's no longer valid unless you print it and bring it. That to me is just stupid!! If you're already there and you're checking in then why should you have to wait til you go home and print your offer?????
2	FYI about yelp check-ins at IHOP. I checked in for breakfast today. I ordered my usual, egg white veggie omelette. If you check in on yelp & order an omelette, you can't redeem the free order of hash browns unless it's printed out!!!! Why bother??? :/
3	My mom and I dinner here recently as my mom had some gift cards she wanted to use.  I started with the cinnamon hot chocolate.  It was tasty but it was barely warm and the waiter never asked if I wanted a refill.  I wanted the pumpkin pancakes and the waiter convinced me to get the combo which came with eggs, bacon and hash browns.   I don't eat eggs so the waiter brought me fruit instead without asking.  My mom had the egg sandwich.  The waiter also convinced my mom to get the full portion so she could take some home instead of the half sandwich.  The waiter seemed to be pushing the more expensive items a bit too much.  My meal was tasty though.  Crisp hash browns and bacon.  The pumpkin pancakes were tasty.My mom's fries that were supposed to come with her sandwich took forever and the hostess finally brought them over.  We were about to complain about them but they  did show up eventually.  Our waiter was not very attentive and never asked if we wanted refills of our drinks.  The place was not that busy so not sure where our waiter kept going.
3	I hate to say it, but this IHOP was great and after the GM was promoted to Regional Manager, things started going downhill.  The food is okay, but the wait is a lot longer than it used to be, the staff are not as attentive, and there are less of them, which probably explains the longer wait times.  I miss Mario!  Bring him back!
3	The last time I was here, I deviated from my normal chocolate chip pancakes and opted for the blueberry pancakes. They turned out to be just as good as the chocolate (which is a bit surprising, since chocolate tends to trump all things). They did bot skimp at all on the blueberries, these were just chock full of them.Though my pancakes were delcious, the service did not match. It was quite mediocre. Although that may have been because the baby started crying every time the server came by (she's very attached to me)- I would be hesitant to regularly check on a table that a baby cried every time I came close too. The server only came by to take our order and drop off our food.I'll come back because I'm a huge fan of pancakes.
3	Ihop's quality has definitely declined over the years. I remember coming here at least once a week for breakfast with my father when I was a little kid. As the years went by, their portions have become smaller and smaller while their prices have risen. It's gotten to the point where I can only order a couple things from the menu because I feel as if any other items are not worth it.I've never had anything wrong with the taste or service. But if I'm going to be paying $10-15 for a plate of breakfast, I expect a good sized meal. I'm almost never filled when I leave this place anymore.
5	I went to ihop this morning with my boyfriend! The server was very friendly for it being 5 am. The food was good and it was a very pleasant experience!
1	I used to love coming to ihop in the night time.. Breakfast for dinner. Me and boyfriend were craving steak and eggs and pancakes so we decided ihop. We get seated and there was probably two more tables occupied and then a group of 10+ that obviously just came from a football game. Our waiter (didnt get his name) started to take our order and I got steak and eggs with chocolate chip pancakes. I asked for my steak rare and he interrupted me saying "uh are you sure?" And I said "yes. I order my steak rare all the time so I know." And he just stared at me. He brings us our food and I cut into my steak and it's medium well done. My boyfriend hauled down another waiter and told him the steak was medium well done and I asked for rare. He takes it and gives it to our waiter. He then comes back it's going to take "3 minutes" to get it right. Ten minutes later the table behind us walked out because they didn't get served or checked up on. The table of 10+ also walked out because no one took their order and they were there for at least 20mins. The waiter then comes back with my steak and I notice it is THE SAME STEAK I had before! Just more cooked so it was really well done!! I try to get his attention but he is in the corner texting on his phone! He then comes back and I tell him the problem. He says "the first steak was rare." So we were just going back and forth and then another ten minutes later a lady brings out a new steak. I cut into it and oh my gosh it was dark purple rare as like they just seared both sides for a second each. And it was cold inside. We just left. I can understand if this waiter was swamped with tables and tables but he wasn't. And who doesn't know how to cook a freakin steak?! Disappointing.
3	Finally doing a review on IHOP. My husband and I come here every once in a while at night when we want something fattening lol [Food]Syrups: I love that they have four different syrups, strawberry, butter pecan, blueberry, & old fashioned.Stuffed French Toast: this is my favorite menu item :)Cinnamon Pancakes: tasted like a cinnabun, but sweeter. Too sweet. WAY too sweet. Straight sugar might taste like this. Can hardly eat it, after about a third of the small cake I was done. :([Service]The servers at night are very nice but occasionally they are no where to be found.
1	Worse food worse service by old waiter with absolutely no personality. He was either a mad Mexican or bitter Arab..no smile no manners. Weird old goat.wouldnt accept coupon on phone and I still left him a $4.00 tip...never going back...Luke warm food and Everything is over $9.00 when did eggs become so frigging expensive ???
4	Awesome waitress late night. Memorized our order... Got it down to a T.. And super nice.
3	I've been here twice now. First time, we didn't have very many problems, we were seated quickly but the waiter messed up on our drinks. My husband asked for an iced tea, he was served an iced coffee, he let it slide and we swapped drinks. The second time we visited, we had children in tow, there was a 20 minute wait time which isn't that bad so we waited. After almost 30 minutes passed, I went up and asked when we would be seated, the hostess said another 20 minutes, at that point I was annoyed and asked her why it would be another 20 minutes on top of the almost 30 we had already been waiting. The manager noticed my annoyance and proceeded to seat us himself. Our waiter was very nice but we could tell right away that he was new and nervous, he was all over the place. He mixed up the orders and brought out someone else's food to our table, only checked on us once, completely blew off the parents sitting at the table next to us, and proceeded to clear up another parents table while they took their children to the bathroom (they weren't even half done with their meal) he assumed they had left. Our section was filled with disgruntled customers. We didn't hold it too much against him though since we knew he was new, but the customer service should have been better. Hopefully next time we get lucky with better service.
3	I've been here before without any issue except for that the last two times I came with a service dog and the waitress made me sit in the seats sectioned directly to the right of the entrance where no one was sitting. I've a feeling it was because I had a dog. That, in itself didn't feel good to me. It could have been for the safety of the dog, but who knows. Was just here yesterday and there was no one around to greet and seat us for about 5 minutes so we stood there waiting. Was with a service dog and when the lady arrived (she wasn't a waitress, she was wearing normal clothes. Middle aged woman) she seated us away from all the people and then told us "We can't take your order right now because our system is down. Would you like to wait 10-15 minutes? We just can't take your order right now without the computers running." -- seriously? You couldn't pull out an old fashioned pen and paper to take our order and have the cooks make our food? So, we left. Common sense lady.
4	The food here is always great, I like the pancakes with the blue berry and strawberry syrup mixed together, and I love the chicken friend steak here it's always done right. Only bad thing I would have to say about this location is I wasn't able to use my coupon for unlimited pancakes with a purchase of any omelette  at this location
2	My mom and I had dinner here and were a bit disappointed.  It was a Sunday and their new cook who works Sunday cannot had a large load of food tickets.  We probably waited an hour for our food.  Unacceptable!  I guess this has been a regular occurrence with this new cook.  The manager ended up calling in the general manager to help out.  The waiter did tell us about the slow cook but an hour wait is not right.The food was tasty though once we finally got it.  I had the short stack of buttermilk pancakes.  They were hot and nicely flavored.  My mom had the egg sandwich which she said was good.  I did have hot tea and the waiter never asked if I wanted more hot water.  So this was definitely a miss this time around.
