5	couldn't be happier with new ownership and excellent service. Had all of my girls nails done here and they're just perfect
5	Love Lish nails! The staff and owners are so nice. My mom and I come here every other weekend because we genuinely like it. I have never been to a nail salon so clean. They open up a new package of tools every visit and use a new liner for the tub with every pedi. The owners Levi and Thao always make sure the customers are happy and have water lol. One time me and my mom were waiting a while and Levi offered us a coupon for a complimentary ice cream from Baskin Robbins :)
5	Lish nails is the best! Clean, professional, super nice and truly care! Every technician is great, I've been to them all! The new management is awesome as well ! Prices are average but the quality of work is amazing! Huge selection of colors, especially gel/shellac colors! :) pedicure chairs are really nice and they use a new liner in the tub every time - yay for being super clean :)
5	I love this place! This was our first time here since they changed ownership and I'd have to say I love it. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. The decor is simple and clean, plus the chairs are comfy. They also have a few flat screen TVs to enjoy while you relax. The music in the background is on point. No karaoke junk, just good ol' music from a variety of genres. Lish nail salon is a must! Can't wait to come back:)
5	I am very leery of nail salons due to prior bad experiences with cleanliness.  In fact, I lived in Phoenix for nearly a year before a friend finally convinced me to try out Lish Nail Salon.  Let me just say that this place is wonderful.  The staff and owner are incredibly friendly.  You are offered a water upon walking in the door and they don't mind making conversation with you if you want.  Most importantly, they are clean.  Liners for the tubs are changed in between each pedi and they open a new package of tools each time.  I highly recommend them - I definitely won't be going anywhere else.
5	Just had a GREAT experience here. They were super thoughtful, giving me updates on how much longer I'd have to wait and offering us water. The techs were friendly and did a great job. Prices were pretty reasonable, I'm sure I could find cheaper but the extra $5 was worth it for the staff and service. Would definitely go here again.
5	Definitely one of the best nail salons I've been to. The staff is extremely thoughtful and friendly. Their priority is you, the client. They offer water upon arrival and make you're well taken care of through out what ever service you're there for. My favorite would have to be the 10 minute massage that comes with the classic pedicure. They set a timer to make you get the full 10 minutes. Enjoy!!
5	What an absolutely amazing salon! Clean and super friendly! Have an amazing selection of polishes and are very detailed in the work they do. Everyone there was very friendly and nice and asked where I was from (just moved here from Chicago). I was googling nail salons because I had some time to kill and am so glad I stopped in! I am living in Goodyear right now and this is worth the drive for sure! Love it here!
5	Extremely nice people and they actually listened to  how you want your nails. I am very picky when it comes to  my toes n finger nails. Glad I asked where this lady gets her nails done.
5	I have never, in the 20 years that I've been getting pedicures, had an experience like this. I had come to accept mediocre in the past...Lish goes above and beyond in EVERY WAY! Most importantly, they took their time, and actually removed ALL the dead skin. They are super friendly, highly professional, offer you a beverage when you arrive, and do a SUPERB job! I am super excited to have a salon like this close to home, they will be seeing me regularly!!!!! (this coming from someone who never posts reviews!)
5	LOVE!! Tried this place for the first time today and loved it! Great service and very clean.
5	The owner is such a sweet guy!Very personable, he knows everyone's clients as if they were his own. Leo is an incredible nail tech. He's very accommodating and underatanding when it comes to times and schedules. I would highly highly recommend Lish Nail Salon. :)
5	Just tried Lish Nails for the first time and let me say I am a fan and definitely will be going back. The owner was welcoming, the store was clean and organized, and Leo my manicurist was AMAZING. Funny, personable, and great at his craft. My shellac nails were the best I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and book an appointment today.
2	My nails looked great, but not even a week after I had them they started breaking! I wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary, the product just seems cheap to me.
5	I just have to say...WOW, the women that did my nails was so detailed she took her time and all I can say is I wish I lived near THIS salon . I will come back   :)
5	Amazing! Very sanitary and professional. They are all very friendly! Definitely my new favorite nail salon. Recommend to everyone!
