3	When I heard there was a Belgian restaurant in town earlier this year, I literally grabbed my purse, ran out the door, got in my car and headed for Trente-Cinq. See, I lived in Belgium for a year and I miss everything about Belgium terribly (except the weather). The thought that there could be a little piece of Belgium in Phoenix...well, to say the least ,it got me a little excited. That being said, my expectations going in were high.My first Trente-Cinq experience only ended up being dessert and coffee. I had the mousse au chocolat. Mon dieu! It made me weak in the knees. I savored every little bite, making the mousse last as long as I possibly could. My friend had the cafe liegeois. It was also good, but nothing compared to my mousse.The next time I went with my family to expose them to Belgian cuisine. I ate the waterzooi, a traditional Flemish dish. It did not disappoint in all its creamy deliciousness. My dad had the lamb shank. He said the meat just fell off the bone. Thumbs up! My brother opted for the boulettes (mini meatballs) and was underwhelmed. We also ordered a salad (I forget which one) that did not impress. Overall, the fam gave the resto a mixed review.To be honest, I wish Trente-Cinq was something other than what it is. The dining area is simple and feels like it is trying to fit in with downtown Phoenix trendy. I suppose I wanted it to be more like a Belgian eatery would be- more cozy, more traditional, more intimate. Really, maybe I wanted it to be more like the Belgium I experienced as an underpaid au pair who did not see the more upscale side of life. To be fair, there are some things Trente-Cinq really gets right...like that mousse! As for a piece of "my" Belgium in Phoenix...it's still only in my head.
5	Trente-Cinq was such a surprisingly great experience. We had the Croquettes de crevettes for an appetizer which was nicely done (and more importantly not overdone). The two croquettes were a creamy and exceptionally good and these were served with a very light mixed green salad - the perfect dish to get your taste buds looking for more. Then came the entrees...we ordered the Steamed Mussels and Lamb Shank. The Steamed Mussels were by far the best tasting mussels I've ever had and the Lamb Shank was falling off the bone. When they brought the Steamed Mussels, they did not skimp on the portion size. This is an excellent dish to share with a group. The Lamb Shank melted in your mouth as was nicely served along with a vegetable ragout and couscous. The meal was perfect and they have a nice wine selection to accompany the meals quite well. The chef used to work at Coup De Tart in Phoenix, and I can certainly see why he started his own restaurant. Please check this restaurant out while you're in Phoenix, as Mr. Lionel Geuskens deserves the visitors with his excellent cuisine!!! 5 Stars!!!!
5	My family is Belgian and we have eaten here several times.  My mother and grandmother are natives of the Flemish side.  We have never had a bad meal; the desserts are absolutely amazing, and the entrees are always delicious.  I don't eat mussels, but my mom loves them.
2	I've been on a mission to try new(ish), interesting, and non-chain establishments - so our visit to Trente-Cinq totally fit the bill.  We started at Lisa G's, but the menu was underwhelming for dinner, so we walked the twenty paces across the parking lot to this hip looking spot.  First off, the decor is right out of Ikea - literally, the mirrors, lighting, and "art" were all from Ikea.  (What did all these businesses do before Ikea opened in Tempe??)  which I suppose isn't so bad in itself, but there just didn't seem to be any point of view and the design was simply ho-hum.The food was good, but not "oh-my-God" good.  I certainly could live without visiting there again.  I can't say that I am a Belgian food aficionado (or that I even comprehend Belgian food) - certainly someone who has been to Belgium might very well appreciate the menu more than me.  The table next to us was quite taken with their choices which were decidedly more Belgian that what we were eating.I wish that I could say more positive things about the place - anyone who tries something new in Phoenix should be applauded.
2	If you visit Trente-Cinq, you may well find yourself asking the question that is posed on the white board in the men's room: "Is this restaurant half empty or half full?" I've been to Trente-Cinq twice and both times the restaurant was no more than half full. That may be due to the fact that Belgian food is a novelty in Phoenix, but I think it also has to do with the value-for-your-dollar that this restaurant offers. Four of us had three salads, two appetizers, three entrees, two desserts, an iced tea and five glasses of wine. With tax and tip, the tab came to just under $200. It's like the menu is in Euros instead of US Dollars given the current lousy exchange rate. The problem is that we're dining in Phoenix, not somewhere in Belgium. Factoring in the "transitional" location on 7th Street, $200 is too much to pay for the meal that we had. No wonder there's always plenty of tables at Trente-Cinq.Chef Lionel Geuskens states on his website, "I have always wanted to cook all of my favorite dishes." That's a laudable goal, but Chef Lionel needs to remember that his restaurant is located in the Valley of the Sun and not Belgium. He needs to add some seasonal dishes to his boilerplate menu. When I first visited in the fall, the hearty dishes were perfect for the season. When I recently had dinner with the BF and two friends at T-C in June, the menu seemed heavy and clunky. If the chef insists on keeping his hearty menu, he'd do well to close for the summer and wait for the weather to cool off before serving his stick-to-your-ribs fare.I started off with the Boulettes ($10) appetizer. The menu says it's a dish of "mini" meatballs served in an herbed tomato sauce with mixed greens on the side. Three meatballs arrived that were as big as tennis balls. This dish was a good value as it could have been an entree, if you like eating thee meatballs for your dinner. The side salad was a weird accompaniment and very much appeared as an afterthought. The BF ordered the Salade D'endive ($9), which featured Belgian endive tossed with mixed greens, herbed goat cheese and candied walnuts with a raspberry vinaigrette. The portion was large, but the BF said my meatballs were a better choice.For my entree, I ordered the Waterzooi ($23). This dish was also the entree I ordered on my first visit to T-C. It's basically a hearty fish soup of salmon, halibut, shrimp, scallops, mussels and vegetables in a saffron cream broth. Unfortunately, it was much tastier the first time. This time the sauce was fairly flat, which is a real disappointment given the saffron. The BF ordered what the menu purports to be the "national dish of Belgium," Moules Au Vin Blanc ($19). It is a bowl of mussels steamed in white wine with leeks, celery, green onions and fresh herbs. It was a large serving of mussels and the BF felt it was a fair deal. Unlike the French version he's had at other places, the broth in this dish was not at all enjoyable on its own.For our dining companions, one friend ordered the Coquilles Ostendaise ($12) appetizer as his entree. I had this dish as my appetizer on my first visit and it looked good this time as well. But then again, how can you go wrong with scallops baked in a cheese bechamel? His BF ordered the Steak Au Poivre ($28). The filet mignon was served with a green peppercorn sauce and fries. The steak was petit for the grand $28 price tag.Our meal took a real dive in terms of value with dessert. The BF and I shared the Mousse Au Chocolat ($6). As billed on the menu, it was a trio of white, milk and dark chocolate mousses. The surprising part was the portion size. Given that this dessert is basically chocolate pudding, it was a bit surprising for it to arrive in what was essentially a double shot glass. It was good, but not $6 good. Our friends decided to share the Tropezienne ($8). The menu claims that this dessert is French brioche pastry filled with creamy vanilla custard. I'll allow for some hyperbole in menu writing, but this dessert was anything but French pastry filled with custard. It was really a slice of flat vanilla cake that had been cut in half and filled with what tasted like vanilla pudding. Ironically, our friend who ordered this dish is a pastry chef and it goes without saying that he was not impressed with this dessert.If only the decor was as fun and inviting as the restaurant website would lead you to believe. This place either ascribes to a minimalist aesthetic or there wasn't budget to make the space interesting. It has a lower mid-range European hotel feel.The service was attentive.  However, that wasn't enough to off-set the over-priced menu.It is interesting to have a Belgian restaurant in Phoenix. If only Chef Lionel would alter his menu to reflect the seasons and discount his prices so that they appear to be in US Dollars rather than in Euros. Then Trente-Cinq would be good to go. Hopefully these changes will occur before T-C shutters its doors for good.
3	Food was wonderful.  Atmosphere lovely.  I found the service slightly awkward - made me wonder if the host and servers had ever been in a restaurant before.  I would certainly go again!
4	Well let me say that first off I place a lot of value in great food and ambiance. This restaurant made it for me. In a world of chain restaurants I treasure unique high-quality places to dine. One thing that bores me to tears is menus that all look a like. I thrive on trying different places. I savor eating different cuisines. I would go to this restaurant again. Kudos to you Chef Lionel!
4	we went for an anti valentines/birthday and the food was good, the ambience was nice, it was fun. we had to wait a bit and the chef, who was the only one in the kitchen compt us some of their famous fries, yummy.
5	We were in town from San Francisco to visit friend and decided to take them out to a nice dinner.  After a bit of searching we came upon Trente-Cinq.  We were VERY impressed with this restaurant.  We had the scallop and asparagus appetizers which were great! Then I had the lamb shank for dinner which was the best lamb shank I have ever had. It was in a flavorful sweet broth with couscous and sweet potatoes on the side.  Our friends had the mussels which we were worried about given that we are used to very fresh seafood.  However, the chef did not disappoint. Overall the food was fresh, properly seasoned and VERY flavorful. A true Phoenix gem.The only downside was that there were not more people in the restaurant. Everyone in Phoenix should be going to the this restaurant as it would be a travesty if it closed.
