2	I'm always looking for a good slice of pizza/italian.  Casa Grande doesn't have many choices.  When I first past by this place I thought - eh what the hell.You walk in and its a bit dark, a few people lingering at the bar, EVERYONE stares at you like an alien when you walk in.  Very strange, must be a very clickly hangout for the older folk I guess.Any who....I ordered the spaghetti because its an original recipe. Well it was crap, no really, the noodles were dry, stuck together, and the sauce was so bland and basic that I wondered if it was just a can of tomato sauce and some salt.   To top it off the waitress was trying to pitch me a sale on a "special price" flat screen tv (which they sell in here) with direct TV (which is also sold here).  Seriously.I dunno, never been back never plan to.
5	Awesome chicago style pizza smothered and covered with cheese and cut in squares. A great chow down place for a cold beer and wings too!! Can't beat a local favorite!
4	Great thin crust pizza!  Dells has been around forever in Casa Grande and it looks it!!  The building is old and dingy, and still has smoke stains on the walls and sports pennants that litter them.  It's definitely is an old school sports bar.  The wait staff is pretty decent., but plan a long wait on busy nights.  They have your typical bar food on the menu, but it's their thin crust pizza that brings people back.  Not too thin and flakey and it doesn't taste like cardboard like other places.  Good sauce and toppings.  For a twist, try their sausage and sauerkraut pizza.  It's actually pretty darn good!
5	Best pizza place ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Casa Grande I salute you!!  What a great pizza & beer joint!!  On our visit the only bad thing was the Poly-Drug Lord holding court with his Homies right next to us.  The bartender was awesome and the pizza was Shazaam!  Go there......and feast!!
4	I really love the pizza here. Service is hit or miss. My only complaint is the prices. They are way too high for casa.  We stopped going when they stopped the specials. If they cleaned the place up to make the atmosphere less divey, it might help also. Large Chad's special (14 inch pizza), a couple sodas, tax and tip is thirty bucks.Good pizza, but better get it to go...
4	Great pizza but don't be surprised when you walk in, it is a bar. Lots of families with kids go there. Building is very old but they are renovating at this very moment. Don't pass this up for great pizza.
4	Decent spot for pizza and beer. Hometown feel.
5	BEST WINGS EVER! Pizza is pretty amazing too. Cool place to go with friends, not too big/too small.
3	The pizza is great the other food ick. There are drink specials in a flip menu on the tables but when I ordered a mai tai (off that flip menu) I was told they don't have the stuff to make them (or many other items). So iodes a basic Margarita on the rocks and it tasted like dish dodo. The decor is shabby ... Time for an update (I think this is the same paint etc that was here when my family would visit when I was younger. The prices are high for the quality.
4	One weekend afternoon I looked at Mr. M and said, "Hey!  Who needs to clean the house, get caught up on bills, wash the cars, and eat leftovers at home?  Let's go drive around aimlessly."  He's such a good sport and always ready to head out on one of my escapades, so we took off towards Casa Grande.  There are moments I fantasize about getting out of the city and finding a more rural abode.  Those moments usually pass when I start looking at concerts and baseball games.  But still, wouldn't it be nice to have no neighbors, a couple of horses in the backyard, and 4 or 5 big dogs?  I think so.  Someone had told me about some acreages out on the northwest side of C.G. so that's kind of where we were headed.  The drive wasn't very productive on the house-hunting side, but we did end up at Dell's for lunch.I wasn't too sure about it because from the outside it looks kind of suspect, but inside, it's a cool little sports bar.  Lots of TVs on the walls, and right away the server said he would change any channel to whatever we wanted.  If the Cardinals aren't playing baseball we're pretty apathetic.  I think we ended up watching drag racing or something, which always makes me want to drive irresponsibly.  And run out and buy a Camaro.  We had their honey BBQ wings, which were very good, and the medium Chad's special pizza which basically has all the meats on it.  I have pictures somewhere and will get them uploaded when I find them.  Overall we really enjoyed our lunch.  Our server, JWF on the receipt, was great, and the food was very good.  The pizza is a thin crust style and baked golden brown on the bottom with lots of toppings and chewy cheese.   With 1 pint of Amber Bock $2.77, 2 pints of Kiltlifter $7.38, wings $7.60, and the pizza $13.45, lunch was $33.85 after tax, before tip.  Really enjoyed the cold beers and the food and if we're in the area we'll definitely make another visit.
