3	I've been to Ballantyne Village more times than I would like to admit in the last 2 months...so after eating the same thing for lunch all the time...I decided to venture out and get some Yelping material! I found this pita joint online and rounded up a few business associates of mine to check it out. We got there around lunch time so it was busy...considering the size of the place. There was one table left and we sent off a table hawk to grab it. There were about 6 tables that could seat 4 and a few high table's to seat two and there wasn't any outdoor seating so if you have a large group...don't plan on eating in.The menu was varied with traditional pitas like the gyro but the also had a teriyaki one and a mediterranean chicken one and some other interesting combinations...yum...I opted for the falafel, which is a vegeterian pita. (Not that I am vegeterian but the picture looked good). I got a small which is a good portion for lunch...I would hate to see what the large looked like. The pita person behind the counter asked me what toppings I wanted and I got lettuce, tomato and cucumber...then she asked me if I wanted hummus, hot sauce and that sauce that comes on gyros...t-something...just googled it...tzatziki. Anyway...I said no and she kinda looked at me funny...so I got it. The pita was okay...I think I bought it because the falafel looked liked mozzarella sticks on the picture but I should have gotten something else. I didn't like the texture...kinda like fried hummus and grits. I'll try something else next time...great value for the size of the pita. Check it out (with 4 or less friends).
1	I usually go to the Moe's in this shopping center, but decided to try to this place next door...worst decision ever. When you look at their pita descriptions, they actually sound halfway decent, and then you eat them. I got a teriyaki chicken pita and a greek/mediterranean style pita to go, the meat they use in them is disgusting. It's rubbery, and gross, it's got to have been cooked several weeks prior and come out of a bag. The vegetables that were supposed to have been sauteed with it were raw and also seemed to have come out of some mix. The most disappointing thing is that they have a flat iron grill right behind the counter and could easily just cook fresh meats, but use this pre-prepared crap instead.
4	While I live in N-CLT, whenever I am back in S-CLT and in need of a healthy and quick lunch I will head to Extreme Pita.  This review is based on two visits in one week.Atmosphere - Crazy lunch crowd, Subway style ordering line, occasionally overwhelmed appearing owner, and nervous yet friendly staffFood -On both of my visits, I had the Grilled Chicken which is one of their "Freestyle Pitas".  For the purpose of healthiness, I opted not to have my vegetables grilled or the pita covered in one of their many sauces.  I like that they have all these choices.  My meal(s) was completed w/ pita chips and an ice tea.  The chicken was good as it was not overly "preserved tasting" (i.e. it did not taste like ham from all the added sodium).  The vegetables were fresh and they even offer feta cheese as an option (the healthiest of the cheeses...IMHO).  The pita chips were decent.  The downside to the meal was the substitute sweetener. The only one available is Splenda for which I am not a fan.    Service - Busy, short, but still friendly.  Note that at lunch time it can be so hectic that you will need to act quickly with your order.  Overall - Extreme Pita is a healthy alternative to regular fast food and I prefer it over Pita Pit.
4	I had previously only had Extreme Pita when it was brought into work for lunch about a year ago.  The sandwiches were tasty, and although I live not far from the place, I never went in there until recently.  According to them, it was "National 1/2 Price Pita" day even though this chain is based out of a different country - Canada, so I went for lunch.  It's somewhat of an assembly style setup; however, the meats and veggies are cooked fresh on a grill.  They use water instead of oil, and the veggies are cooked on a different side of the grill than the meat.  It was lunch time, so I got a small steak pita which was surprisingly good.  They have ones you can order, or you can build your own.  Calorie content and nutritional info is clearly posted on the walls too.  The prices are mostly reasonable for the quality of the product, but to me it's more of a lunchtime spot.  I would definitely go again.
4	Extreme Pita is a good choice when you are looking for a little "healthier" fast-food option.  I was hoping that the place would offer more middle eastern type fare, but it's really more of a "subway" style franchise that happens to wrap its sandwiches in pita bread rather than in rolls.I had a chicken slouvaki pita with lettuce & tomato, black olives, tzatiki sauce, & feta.  You can choose between potato chips, pita chips or soup to create a combo meal. Since they put your pita together as you are standing there, it is easy to "customize" if you want something left off or want to change up some ingredients.  I would definitely recommend this place over your typical sub shop for quality & freshness.  If you are not a frequent visitor to Ballantyne Village, it can be a little tough to find the first time... it is actually located on the back side of the shopping center (just down from Moe's) - it faces Ballantyne Commons Parkway near the intersection of Johnston-HWY 521 & BCP.
4	Perfect place in the Ballentyne Village to grab a quick healthy lunch. They display the calories right on the menu so you can do good with out much effort. I've had their chicken slouvaki small pita (hold the onions), and their veggie pita, both very good. Perfect and guiltless.Ask for their frequent card!
3	Extreme Pita's is a reliable, if unexciting, quick lunch spot.  The food's ok: there's not really the Mediterranian twist you would expect--you'll find things like Chicken Souvlaki, but also Buffalo Chicken and Thai Beef.  It eats, however, and they post the calorie counts for their entrees on the menu, which is great if you like to make sure you're not pigging out during the workweek.  Service is a little brusque, but the staff isn't actually downright rude, and they don't really have time to be chatty during the lunch rush anyways.  Also, if you are fortunate enough to have the Ballantyne Corporate discount card, you get 15% off.  Find out if you can get that piece o' plastic, and if you can, work it.It's good to have a healthy fast food options in the area, so if you get tired of Panera, check out this joint.
4	Something I love about this location of Extreme Pita, is how clean and efficient it is.  Even during the busy lunch hour, the place is fully staffed with employees who do a good job at making sure your order is right. Something else I like is how all the calories are posted, clear to see. The food is always fresh and there are more filling options than say, the average sub shop. (Chickpeas, kidney beans, broccoli, etc.) Keep your eyes peeled for BOGO coupons in coupon booklets...and know the regular size is really big.  I always get the smaller sized option...and even that can be too much sometimes!
1	This is the first and last time I will ever go there.  The food was mediocre at best.  The woman behind the counter, who I'm assuming is the owner or manager, was a complete b*tch.  I asked for a regular cup for water and she told the kid ringing me up to charge me full price.  I do not drink out of styrofoam so I just went without a drink.  There are way too many choices for lunch in Ballantyne....with better food and nicer staff.
4	I've been to Extreme Pita 5 or 6 times in the past year, and I can say it's very consistent. Be cautious--it's very small, and finding a seat can be hard, especially on a work week since it's right in the middle of Ballantyne. The pitas are good, and as everybody else has said, the calories are posted right on the wall, so eating healthy isn't a challenge. Another word of caution--you'll axe the nutritional value of your meal by getting a cookie and a soda, so try to stay away:).Service is fine, nothing spectacular, nothing horrible.
2	First time at Extreme Pita.  It is a little different than Pita Pit. I had the small smoked turkey and my husband had the buffalo chick.  Was not impressed with the food nor the staff. Not sure we will go back.
4	I'm an avid pita supporter. I've been to other pita places in town and they all seem to be sparsely planted throughout different parts of Uptown or in odd shopping centers. happy to find Extreme Pita is easily accessible and I can park right in front of the shop!Nestled in Ballantyne village next to Moe's, Extreme Pita is a great little shotgun set up with a few tables and a couple two-seaters outside. Love that this location is on the quieter side of the Village. Not as many cars fighting for parking. You get to avoid the congestion altogether. I've been here several times and it's always nice and reliable. Nothing I've had has ever been too heavy, greasy or inherently "heavy." I've had a few meat and veggie options. I've never been displeased with any! The club, grilled chicken and gyro are all great choices. I'm happy to say that the falafel is by far my favorite. Nice crispy orbs of falafel can be on my pita any day. They do a good job of cooking everything on the flat top grill. The pitas are nice and thin and, much like other places, you can have them fill it to the rafters with veggies, tzatziki, hummus, sauces and your choice of protein. They do these odd flat pitas that are supposed to be "pizza-like." Not sure that I'd ever venture down that road, but could be good for the kiddos. My wife and I are fans of this place. Light, healthy and affordable for both of us. Great after a long walk on the McMullen Greenway!
4	Right in the heart of Ballantyne, Extreme Pita has a great location, great idea, and customers willing to pay, but can they take advantage of these three items?Walking in, you first notice how small the place is. There are about 6 tables inside, that's it. The menu is posted (with calories) above where you order; however, the things in each pita are only listed on a sheet of paper that is only seen when you order, so you sort of have to wing it until the last second. You watch them make your pita right in front of you, and if you want extra this or that, they're usually pretty attentive and have no problem adding or subtracting items. The chicken caesar is good, but it's really not spectacular. Not that I would expect i to be--lettuce, chicken, croutons, no bacon for me. It's...good. Chip selection is very good, they have my Garden Salsa Sun Chips here, which I like. The staff are pretty good, but you really don't have much interaction with them, especially on a busy day. They get the order right every time, so I have nothing to complain about there.If you're looking for a fast casual, healthy option in Ballantyne, give Extreme Pita a shot!
4	First time here and I was impressed. The long lunch line moved quickly and smoothly. I was able to decide on the small Thai Beef Pita which was yummy and filling. Love that they post the calories! Pretty good selection on veggies and it feels like an upgrade to the traditional Subway type lunch. Learning how to eat the second half of the Pita is another matter though. I suggest pushing up from the bottom of the wrapper instead of taking off the wrapper, it  can be messy with dressing dripping out.
3	Been there twice for early dinner. Im a fan of the food but not the staff. Both times there were a couple of tough guys taking orders. They were pretty put out that they actually had customers. Its a shame for the owners. Great concept but awful employees.
4	Love me some pitas!!!This place is really wonderful. A great healthy alternative to all the grease and fried goodies we typically enjoy for lunch. Extreme Pita is happy to post the calories for all pitas on the wall as soon as you walk in and offer a variety of fresh veggies and toppings for your pitas. Another great thing about this place, is that they offer two sizes here, small and regular, no matter what you choose depending on how hungry you are I'm sure you will be satisfied when you leave. Today I tried the featured pita which was the Club which has turkey, ham and bacon with grilled onions, mushrooms and peppers. Then I loaded it up with tons of great toppings, like lettuce, cheddar cheese, pickles, jalapenos and banana peppers. For sauces, I opted for the Extreme Pita sauce which reminds me a little of chipotle mayo mixed with hot sauce. It's my favorite sauce because it's overloaded with flavor and a little bit of the honey mustard (which was suggested by my pita expert and he was right it added just the right amount of sweet and spicy to my pita)Everyone that works here is always very helpful, and full of suggestions on how to enjoy your pita and they have a V. I. Pita Card where you get a stamp with each pita you enjoy and after 10th one, you get to enjoy one for free!
4	Expecting just another fast food boring place, I went here for my first visit last year.  Since then, I am there so often that I blow through their Pita Cards!!  This is really a little gem here in the village.  The staff is always so nice and fun.  Ryan is a pleasure to talk to.  They are always very pleasant and knowledgeable, and make your pitas any way you like.  The dining area and food areas are always spotless, and the menu is bright and bold and really easy to navigate.  The food is fresh and tasty and never wrong, and they have tons of lower calorie items to choose from that are all delicious!The Pita Card is great....just get it punched with every pita you buy and you get one free after every 10.  They also have coupons in the little magazines and flyers you get in the mail.  The only thing they don't have is the option to order on-line and pick up, which would be helpful for those of us who stop in on our way home from work.All in all, this is a really great place with awesome food and happy staff....all in a clean environment and for great prices!
4	Love the pitas.  Can get a very healthy delicious pita. Nutrient chart so you know what you are eating.  Staff can be friend or not but good is delicious.  Best fast food ever.
4	Healthy, thoughtful, low cal wraps that are prepared quick for a great meal on the go.I like you, Extreme Pita. You're a good, healthy choice for me and in a world of crap easy choices, I appreciate that you make it easy to say "Yes, I'd like to order the Cajun wrap" and know that I'm only eating 500 calories (as opposed to that awesome lunch buffet @ Villa Antonio which who knows how many calories I consume there!).The downside to Extreme Pita is the lack of side options. We've got fresh pita chips but no salsa, no hummus, no pasta or potato salad, not even a side salad. So for all us non-chip lovers out there, we're out of luck.Staff is always helpful and quick - Parking is easy - All in all, worth a stop in! Your body and waistline will thank you and your tastebuds will too!
4	Been wanting to try Extreme Pita for a while, but rarely find myself in that part of town during lunch.  Finally gave it a try and really liked it!  My husband had the Caesar Pita and I had the Thai Chicken Pita.  I didn't try his, but he tried mine and loved it as much as I did.  The veggies were very good and the sauce was the perfect combination of sweet & spicy.  We both ordered the small size pita and it was more than enough food.  I also couldn't believe how low-cal it was!  My small Thai Chicken Pita was only 270 calories!   Very tasty and filling lunch for 270 calories!  I was impressed and can't wait to go back!
4	Extreme Pita is a great place to stop for a quick lunch in the Ballantyne area.  It's in the Ballantyne Village which is a little tricky to get into and out of, but if you go early you can miss the crowds.  Once it gets busy, that place gets hectic!The set up here is similar to Subway in that you can essentially build your own pita by picking any toppings and sauces you want and watching the folks behind the glass put it together for you.  There is a huge sign on the back wall that you cannot miss that gives you the nutrition info on all of their pitas as well, so you can have an idea of exactly what you're about to scarf down.  If you're a Ballantyne Corporate Card holder, you can add a drink and chips for free.  That's a pretty sweet perk.  I've eaten here many a time and have always enjoyed it.  The Thai chicken is my favorite, and the Chicken Souvlaki is also really good.  Even though it's technically fast food (I guess?) you don't come away feeling like you just ate half a cow.  Highly recommend this place if you want a quick, healthy lunch!
2	The pitas are great! Chicken Shawarma and Gyro pitas are tasty. Though, the service is quite hit or miss. I think this hurts their business a bit, as it seems less busy than it used to be over the last few months. The owner seems nice, and hard working, but she cant be here every open hour. Employees are usually in the back, hidden from the front until the door chimes as someone enters. They go up front with a too lazed back attitude to greet the customers. Don't go within 30 minutes of closing.  You will mess up their quick exit they setup, and the attitude isn't pleasant.  I think today was my last day here.  I'll miss the food,  but not the service.
1	I always enjoy a healthy and quick lunch, and honestly the food is pretty good here.  Unfortunately, the service - by the owner and the employees - is horrible and I won't be going back.  I went to Extreme Pita today with 2 other coworkers at 11:15 a.m.  We were the ONLY one's in the store, so we beat the lunch rush.  However, it still took them at least 10 minutes to make our sandwiches.  I got the veggie pita with a water and chips and it was $10.What really upset me was that I asked for hot sauce on the side.  The owner filled it up not even half way.  I didn't get any sauce whatsoever on my pita, this was all I asked for.  I used the half of a container she gave me, and went up to get more.  She said she would have to charge me $0.59 for additional hot sauce.  I do think it's outrageous that I couldn't get enough hot sauce for my pita without being charged.  At most establishments, hot sauce is on the table, given at no charge.  WAY too stingy with the sauce.  You lost our entire party's business over an ounce of hot sauce.
3	I'm a fan! Great alternative in way of faster and a healthier food choice. The service is relatively fast.
1	Terrible. Terrible service, bland food, dirty seating area.
2	Have to agree with the reviews about the horrible customer service.  They act like you're an inconvenience and that you''re bothering them.  Done with this place.
3	I filled out the survey on the corporate website and the owner contacted me.  She sent me a gift card which I have yet to use, but that type of service begins to make up for some of the bad in-store experience.  I will use it and see how it goes.UPDATE: I used the gift card yesterday.  It was busy and there were only two people working, so the service was a little slow but I was not in a hurry.The people working were nice and handled the rush well, but they almost served me a pita shell that a fly had been all over.  I had to point it out to them so they threw it away.  I am glad I had a gift card because a small pita, bag of Lay's chips, and a fountain soda was almost $9 before tax.
2	The owner is always yelling at the staff with a northern attitude, from the grill. Also, I echo the review about the staff, I can only assume based on poor social skills, they're hiring cheap labor. Also, they're cutting corners by using cheap iceberg lettuce rather then romain lettuce as demonstrated on their corporate website.  This is probably my 6th visit since they opened, they're consistently mediocre, I can simply say I'm not hungry after eating here. I guess I keep coming back thinking it'll be like pita pit on college st. in uptown...
