5	They advertise a $15.95 oil change, 32 point inspection and tire rotation on their sign, so when my partner was out of town, I took her Pontiac Vibe in for a little love.Even though I was a walk in, they still got it taken care of in about half an hour. They were efficient, friendly, did a good job with the car, and I'd definitely go back. With disposal fees and tax, it came to a little over $20, but for all that I got, you just can't beat the price.However, the waiting area could use some love. Luckily, I live nearby, and just walked home to wait.
5	I strive to take care of my purchases, especially big ticket items like vehicles. Having worked in the past for a GM dealership in the parts department, I know a little bit about cars and the cost to keep them in running order. So, every 5-8k miles (sooner depending on where my levels are at. Thanks to my grandpa, I knew at the age of 15 how to change a tire and check fluid levels.), I make sure to get the truck in for a LOF (lube, oil, & filter). After I learned that the mechanic I had been going to for quite a few years was trying to screw me over on a new set of tires (unfortunately my tire shop went under. Darn this economy), I knew it was time to look for a new place to take my 97 Chevy P/U. I had done some searching, via Yelp, to help J find a place to repair his windshield wiper linkage/transmission. After 3 quotes, including one from my old mechanic, he decided to take his business to Ken. J has informed me he'll join Yelp and write his own review. :D So my review - Three weeks ago, I notice my brakes were squealing a little (the break wear sensors) but it wasn't too bad to warrant running to get it fixed asap. I knew I had a little time. After J got his wiper linkage fixed last week, and after hearing that Ken went above and beyond to get the part, I knew we had found a great mechanic. Move forward to last week. What went from a squeal one week, jumped to a full on grind that was worse than nails on a chalkboard and was only alleviated by applying the breaks by this past weekend. I knew it was time to get in to the shop, and fast, lest I compromised my rotor anymore. I called as soon as they opened Monday morning and mentioned that I believe my brakes needed work and if I could bring it down. Ken said sure and that was about it. I headed down to the shop immediately. At first I was a little taken aback by his lack of conversation. While Ken isn't very talkative (he is friendly though and I did get him to chuckle a little when he asked what my brakes sounded like. I said, "well they kinda sound like that ceiling fan there!" We both laughed.), he gets down to brass tacks. Ken called me up a few hours later and lowered the boom. Front and back brakes (and needing to machine the rotors) and rear axle seals/rear diff. OUCH! Ken explained to me that unless I fixed the seal leak, getting rear brakes would be pointless, as the leak would cause poor breaking and would wear out my rear pads faster. Which means more $$$ down the road. I told him to go ahead and do the work. I also mentioned it needed a LOF and he said he'd throw that in. I ask how long the job will take and he says it will be done by Tuesday. After I got off the phone, I thought about all the information he told me. I then thought to myself, "I wonder how many mechanics would have not mentioned/fixed the leak." Granted, not mentioning it would have saved me some money upfront, BUT I would have had to have gone back who knows how often to get the rear brakes done. I receive a call yesterday around 2pm and Ken says that the truck is finished. AWESOME! Cause having to get rides to/from work sucks!! I get there to find my truck all ready to go! I pay and the gal says she can go pull my truck out for me if I want. I tell her that there's no need. It was sitting in plain sight off to the side. I give my thanks and head on out. No sooner than I put the truck in gear and drive off, I notice somethings different. Not only did they do the brake job, they fixed the gas pedal! The spring had broke about 2 years ago, and I never bothered to get it fixed nor did my old mechanic bother with fixing it or asking if I wanted it fixed. Also, this morning, I noticed that my truck was awfully shiny. I wiped it down on Friday, but it got rained on a little over the weekend. But seriously, it looks like it had been washed and waxed. So, hmmm....did Ken also have my truck washed? I haven't a clue. But seeing as how he went above and beyond, I wouldn't be surprised. In a nutshell, Ken Bohl's was OUTSTANDING and "The J's" have found a new mechanic!! :D
5	Ken has done a variety of small repairs for me.  Mostly things that I couldnt do while I worked on an old car.  He never overcharged, sometimes did small stuff for free.  I recently brought my car in with some mystery symptoms and he tracked everything down and fixed it.  He checked with me for every step that would add to the bill and didn't do anything unnecessary.All of my experiences here have been absolutely top notch.  Ken and his team have gone over and above every time and they are very reasonably priced.
5	My wife's car broke down outside the shop at the gas station next door.  Her oil light came on and it blew the motor after about 30 seconds of driving!   I put oil in the motor to see if that would fix it, but NOPE, the oil all drained out on the floor.  Went next door to the shop to talk to Ken to see what what was up,  and he let us know what had happened.  The last place I got her oil changed had either not tightened the oil filter or used the wrong one.  Anyway, I had to deal with the other company (yes, they paid for it)  so that took about a week.  When the motor finally arrived, It was installed and fully running in less than a week!!!!!!!  Simply amazing.  I own a fleet of vans for work and brought one in for the brake light being on.  Keep in mind, I had problems with the brakes for over a year on this.  They fixed it all up and for under $100!!!!!!!!  I will be back again and again.  Thank you Ken
5	Took my car here last summer to get the A/C fixed.  They replaced the fan for me and saw that my radiator was leaking so they let me know that I might be in for more serious care trouble if I didn't have it fixed.  I mistakenly the tiny puddle in the garage floor was just condensation from the A/C system.  They ordered the parts and had me going in a couple days.  They are great to work with and explained everything and gave me several options.  The A/C and car have been running great ever since.  They are my first choice if I have car issues in the future.Note:  They moved the office to the left of the parking lot a few months ago, but they are still in the same location.
