2	I know it's Christmas Season, and I know that all stores are starting with their Christmas tracks. Some people love it, some people loathe it. I'm in the middle. I can appreciate good Christmas music, but most of it is just too cheery and too cheesy. But, I brace myself every year after the huge Turkey dinner digests for the holiday music season. I patiently wait through the month of December opting to play songs like the Counting Crows' Long December - the best December song ever - and avoiding the radio. With all that, I complain about Red Hot & Blue because yesterday, not only did they play the worst Christmas music, they played the worst music tracks I could possibly imagine in a restaurant. They played this awful mix of bad bluesy/jazzy Christmas music, Jackson 5, Alvin & the Chipmunks, a bad remake of "My Favorite Things", and some other ear-bleeding music I didn't recognize. Not only was the selection awful, they played it so loudly that I couldn't just tune it out. The waiter came over and asked "is everything okay?" to which I smart-assily said, "The food is good, but the music is definitely questionable." He chuckled and agreed, then walked away. I hoped that it would mean he would end the torture, but he didn't. I think the food was okay, not the best Red Hot & Blue I've eaten, but it was acceptable. I don't love their BBQ sauces, which is probably the most important part of BBQ. The Beef Brisket had a little bit of fat on it, which I welcomed.  The fried okra side was my favorite part of the meal. Other pros: our waiter was friendly and attentive (except the part where he doesn't turn off the music) and the water comes in this small pitcher, per person, which is the amount of water I typically need with dinner. Perhaps I would have liked the food more if I wasn't trying to inhale it so quickly. Who could blame me though, the music was an alternate form of torture. Note to restaurants, the music you play does count for something. Choose wisely.
2	I had lunch here today, it's located at the waterfront and is easily the 4th restaurant that has occupied the space.  It's right across the street from Loews theater on the waterfront.  The place was relatively empty even though it was a Friday during the holiday season.  I was the only one seated at the bar.  The bar is nice enough with a couple plasmas and appropriate amount of black and gold on the walls.  However, the bar itself was a bit sticky.  I was greeted quickly by a nice enough chap who brought me a paper and asked me for my drink order.  I had there iced tea, which was ackwardly served in a small pitcher instead of a glass.  I guess I could see the appeal for some, but I don't drink out of straws and this made it very difficult to drink without spilling.  The iced tea was pretty sickingly sweet.  I only had a few sips.  I ordered a cup of the chicken dumpling soup, which I thought was a bit overpriced.  The soup arrived quickly and had a decent flavor although it was served kind of room temperature and underseasoned. Soup should be served steaming hot.  I also tried the pulled pork sandwich and collard greens.  The pork itself was okay, tender and all that.  However, it was also served relatively cold and underseasoned.  The collard greens looked good with big chunks of hamhocks, however not surprisingly they were served cold and also underseasoned.  The service overall was prompt and the hostess was very nice.  She asked how my food was and I didn't have the heart to tell her the truth.  I might give this place another shot.  I've been told the ribs were good, but I'll have to specify I prefer my meals served hot.  I'm guessing if I go again I should go quickly because I'm thinking this place may not be here much longer due to the lack of customers I saw today.
1	It's always fun to see new restaurants open in the Burgh.  Not so much this one.  I was there with a friend, both of us really hungry.  We ordered soup that took an hour to be served. When we "reminded" our server we were told they were swamped.  I counted 12 other people.  I asked for no onions on my chili, but it was covered in onions.  Maybe it was to hide the taste.  I ordered catfish which I couldn't eat.  I saw two other people send their food back.  My soft drink glass was never refilled.  The bill for 2 people was over $50.  That was for soup and an entree'.  When we left the hostess was busy chatting on her cell phone.  This is a miss.  Much better places to eat in the Waterfront.
3	Just okay.   I did like the fries they have here and the BBQ is good.  We have eaten here several  times and it's never been bad but never "great"
1	"Why is there not a 'No Star' rating?!?"This place was terrible!I'll break it down very quickly for you...CONS:Waaaay overpriced;Poor service;RUDE service;Terrible food (everything was undercooked and/or cold);PROS:n/a
1	BIG SHOCKER:  Red, Hot & Blue was/is CLOSED @ the Waterfront
