3	I only know Scorpion Bay as a visitor, not a member. It certainly looks nicer and newer than Pleasant Harbor, that's for sure. But that's where it ends for me.We stopped by to check it out, re-stock the beer, and grab something to eat. We succeeded on two counts. Their store is very, very small. They did have beer, and some food, but mostly chips and the like. I was hoping for a sandwich or hot dog -- something a little more substantial.If you didn't want chips, the other option is Dillon's. Nice! I've had Dillon's BBQ before at their main location, and found it pretty good. But I didn't want to sit down and have a big meal. I wanted to get back on the water. I was hoping they would have a walk-up bar or something where I could grab a pulled pork sandwich and some fries to go. Alas, table service only.So we checked out Scorpion Bay, got some beer, and a couple granola bars -- two out of three.
5	The previous reviewer incorrectly said they don't have take out; they do.  In fact you can get your take-out in one of three ways; walk up, radio ahead and pick up without even leaving your boat, or have it delivered out to your boat in a slip.The marina itself is an excellent facility and very well maintained.  The staff goes out of their way to make your time enjoyable and stress-free.  Everything we've asked for has been met with a friendly "yes" and just gets taken care of.  This is in start contrast to the other marina on the lake, which we moved from.The facility itself is constructed of wood docks over floating platforms.  There are excellent and spacious shower and bathroom facilities for the slipholders.  Everything is kept well maintained and clean.  There is a fuel dock, pump-out dock, restaurant, reasonably stocked store, and the marina management office is on site.The store features the usual boating necessities and some major items like batteries.  Prices carry a little bit of the usual on-the-water premium, but I've seen far worse.  Service is friendly and helpful from everyone involved--managers to fuel attendants.
4	Great ribs, great service, great views...and waitresses in bikini tops!
4	I concur with Carlos A.  It may not have been an obvious option that there was take out food from Dillon's but nonetheless there certainly is.  If it is served at the restaurant, it can be ordered to go.  If you are having a party on the boat they will also serve it how ever it is convenient for you.  If you would like, they will also put the (for example) burnt ends in a separate tub for you to make the sandwiches later on water.  In short what I have learned at Scorpion Bay Marina and Dillon's as well it that all you have to do is ask.  The friendly staff is just happy to have your business.  I highly suggest this facility.  Go out there and enjoy the views.  While there, ask questions to any of the staff members.  Their attitudes make it obvious that they love what they do.
4	Very good service and good food.  Beautiful setting, marina is rght next to the restaurant and open to the public to stroll around.  My only complaint was people feeding the ducks from their table.  We left but some older people were visibly upset with all the racket and fat ducks flying up at them.
4	Dillons is Dillons .... the restaurant itself is nothing spectacular (it's not bad ... it's actually pretty good) but the view at Scorpion Bay Marina is absolutely beautiful.  When we went, we ate outside right on the deck on the marina and it has a gorgeous view, literally on the water.
4	While my review is sort of one sided I will speculate a little on the other services as well. The SB is a nice nook of the far side of the lake. There is boat rentals, dry storage, wet storage and even a great place to eat. The staff on the bay seem really attentive and nice. We do plan on renting something this summer. If you are just camping and need ice they have it! Or if you need gas they have that too!Beautiful part of the lake!
4	I visited Lake Pleasant in April 2012 and rented a boat from Scorpion Bay Boat Rentals. The staff was terrific, they made the paperwork quick and were easy to work with. I called around and their prices were the best I found and they have nice boats (Sea~Rays).  They have a restaurant on the dock that has awesome views and good food - what's not to like about this place.Jerrell StarkRedondo Beach, CA
5	An excellent full-service marina facility.  They have everything a boater needs; fuel at a reasonable price, pump-out, food, convenience store, and great docks.  The service is excellent and pretty much everything we have ever asked for has been met with a friendly "yes!"  An excellent place to keep a boat, visit for a weekend, overnight, or the day.
5	Great boats, awesome service, im looking forward to our next visit
4	Nice marina with a great restaurant!  Dillions is great in town and better on the lake if you ask me.  Great BBQ and the staff isn't bad to look at either (doesn't hurt that everyone is wearing bathing suites).   The place is new so its nice and clean, ate here twice but have not just hung at the bar yet.  The food blows away Pleasant Harbor but its been a while since I have eaten there.  Only complaint is that its another 10 minutes to get here over pleasant harbor where I normally drop my boat in the water.  Oh yeah the elevator is super slow and you must use it to get large items like ice chests down to the marina but at least they have an option.  Those are hardly things to complain about so check it out if you havent and even if you dont have a boat, just come down and take the wife to dinner here.  Its not fancy (very casual) but good food and good service....and great view!
4	I was pleasantly pleased with Scorpion Bay Marina. Known more as the "party marina," since it's a public marina, I found everything to be seamless, clean and the staff to be friendly! Scorpion Bay does it all. They do boat rentals, docking for your own boat and they also have a fun restaurant called Dillons. It's a great place to begin and end your day at the lake!
5	Outstanding customer service. Very accommodating and helpful. I highly recommend renting a boat from them.
4	We are regulars at Scorpion Bay & Dillon's. The only complaint that I have is Dillon's can get busy on the weekends, but they still manage to provide good service. A couple of times when I didn't want to wait at Dillon's I made the mistake of going across the lake to Pleasant Harbor. I'm not doing that any more, it's not worth it. Their store could be a little bigger with a better "grab & go" food selection. I didn't know until reading some of these reviews that they have food which can be ordered to go. That's helpful for the next time that they are busy. Great atmosphere and the scenery is not too bad!!!
