2	Should you end up here on a Saturday night, my advice is this; look at your pint, look at the floor, look at the ceiling. Whatever you do, don't make eye contact with any of the bottom feeders in this place, a bottle in the face is their way of saying "hello"...
3	Ok I am a Glasgow girl so I don't know Edinburgh quite so well, that is why I have ended up at Lava & Ignite a few times by accident. This is most definitely a young person's club, as in if you're over 19 you'll probably find this place a little dire. It reminds me a lot of The Garage in Glasgow in that you love it during your early student days but the novelty does soon ware off.This place is big with loads of different rooms and areas specializing in different kinds of music. There's no getting round it though. Like The Garage this is a cheesy pop place at heart! The nights that they do are the same sort of things you get in all these kinds of clubs. For example Sundays are students only nights. If you have just recently become "of age" then you will probably love this place but for someone like myself who is 24, Lava & Ignite just makes me feel ancient and bored! Seen it, done it, bought the t-shirt.
2	If you live in Edinburgh, you are likely to refer to Lava and Ignite as "Cav". Therefore, visitors when you here someone mention "Cav", this is the place. In my first year at uni, everyone was all about the Sunday nights at Cav. On one occasion myself and my flatmate queued outside, in December for 2 hours to get in. I look back and wonder wtf was I thinking?Anyway. So this place has three floors, and bars a plenty. If you can get to the bar, then good on you. Each floor plays a different style of music, from R&B, to chart to 80's classics. I have only been on a Sunday so I can't comment on the other nights, but I have heard that a Saturday is particularly rough so watch out. Generally Sunday nights are packed with most of the clientele between the ages of 16-19. (Yes 16 is underage).  The last time I went to Cav a smashed glass which was sitting up-right on the floor sliced the side of my foot open. With my foot gushing with blood, I repeatedly tried to get help from bar staff and bouncers. Nobody seemed to be aware of any first aid facilities- not even a plaster in sight. So I went to the toilet to bandage myself up with toilet roll and headed home. Partly due to that reason, but mostly due to the fact there are far better, nicer clubs in Edinburgh I really avoid Lava & Ignite and have no desire to ever visit again.
1	Grimy, sticky floors...cheap nasty beer...same old same old mainstream music dribbling out of the speakers...and a cloak room that stringently charges you for every item of clothing you hand in (even if, in my case, it was a fleece that lined the inside of my jacket....)...these dismal features and many more are freely available at Lava Ignite.There's plenty of other clubs in Edinburgh and plenty of other places that will offer a much better clubbing experience.
1	I dread to think of the person who on a friday night doesnt want to go anywhere except Lava Ignite (Cav for us who are more than 16 years old...).Yes, if you go on a student night its cheap as chips - but any other night you will be paying twice as much for the same drinks, and you will STILL have to put up with the horrible, sticky, odd smelling, hot and full of charvs club on top. Not a great place I can tell you. There is one main room that plays all of the crap music to a mostly ned clientel and the upstairs isnt that bad either. The bars take an age to get served at, and at least 3 times I have gotten the completly wrong drinks order, but just accepted it for fear of dying an old man while I wait to have it changed.That is if you get in of course - the queues are always beyond a joke: "Its just not worth it freezing drunk girl being held up by your equally drunk and over styled boyfriend. I promise you. Once you are inside you're gonna need a drink, I'm guessing? Well, better start queing again now, or she is gonna sober up and wonder what the hell you were doing bringing her here."Yup, thats it. A horrible place that you will have to que to get into. So not worth it.
3	It's dutty, skanky, full of chavs and plays shit music but for some reason I always end up having a good night there. It's absolutely huge, with different rooms offering different genres and levels of aural shite and breaking up the crowd of drunk scummy punters. I honestly cannot say why I like it here, probably because I'm always drunk, but it has a loveable charm about it because it's so bad. Like in the kid's cartoons where the runt of the litter has a heart of gold, but remade for the new hip urban scene (cue Step Up style dance scenes). It's a really crap club but I love it for that.One thing that is not cute though is the f**king carpet. Whichever bloody idiot decided to put carpet in a club is a f**king moron. Going up the stairs is like walking in treacle and it is amusing seeing people trying to dance with their feet firmly glued to the ground, but when you're in a rush to go to the toilets it's you against the clock my friend.
