4	"If you have to wake up, you really should start your day with a sweet treat from Prantl's."  So says their website.  Well actually i believe that if you have to wake up, you should do so with coffee, coffee, and more coffee.  Remember folks, a caffienated Susan is a happy Susan!  And because I'll soon be the boss, my minions will discover that when Susan is happy, they'll be happy!  But I digress...But I get it, yeah.  Hey, who wouldn't want to start the day with a lovely sweet?  Ever since Jenny Lee shut down, Prantl's has filled in the void on Market Square.  It's too bad this place is a bit of a hike from work.  Or maybe that's a good thing.  I'd get so fat and I'd burn up so much insulin from all the sweet gooey pecan rolls, strudels, donuts, pies, and tarts here.  And just look at the varieties of coffee cakes http://www.prantlsbakery.com/our-products/coffeecakes/I'd say I love the cookies the best, with the rum tea being my favorite.  Forget Dunkin!  Stop in here for a yummy donut!  Okay everybody!  One more time:  "Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!"
5	This place is delish!  I used to go to their location in Shadyside but since working downtown their Market Square location is super convenient.  All their pastries are baked to perfection!  I try not to think of how bad they are for you, but I think treating yourself once in a while is totally worth it.  I've had their smores which are actually choclate cake inside with marshmallow cream on top and graham cracker crumbles sprinkled all over.  Their cookies are amazing and their pecan tassies are scrumptious.  I've had their almond torte (which they seem to be known for) and it is something to be reckoned with.  I didn't think I would be a fan, but how could you not like that delectable torte!  Go out and get some baked goods from this place and you be the judge.
4	Nothing wrong with $1 for a small torte! We stumbled upon this place today and it was bumping for a Friday morning so I knew something good would come out of our visit. They have a great selection of cookies, cupcakes, tortes and more and even though we had seven people in front of us, I still had a hard time selecting something since everything looked like it could put me into major sugar shock! I settled on the German chocolate cake torte and it was gone in two bites (it could've been one bite but I was trying to be a lady and savor it)I almost wanted to go back into line to get some more.....
1	Let's talk about the worst service I have ever had in my life. I have heard great things about this bakery and was excited to get the Almond tort which I hear they are famous for. When trying to figure out the appropriate size of cake I should get for the birthday I asked some general questions.  Question 1. What do you think of the cake? Response: ehh it's ok. 2. Aren't you guys famous for your Almond Tort? Response: I guess we are but I never heard of it until I worked here.3. Well is it really good do you sell a lot? Response: I am just really critical I went to the Art Institute and it takes a lot to impress me and this cake didn't impress me. 4. Ok well what about the Chocolate Raspberry Cake? Response: that's ok if you like a lot of Chocolate. 5. Ok well I guess I will go with the Chocolate Raspberry but the icing is messed up around the side can you fix it or maybe mark it down a little? Response: We can't mark it down and we can't fix it we don't have buttermilk icing here. Honestly this may have been the worst service I have ever received and I hope this person never owns his own business because he doesn't have a clue how to work with customers. I am sure this bakery has great food unfortunately I'll probably never try it.
2	I just had to write about having another one of those 'Only In Pittsburgh' moments at this Prantl's in Market Square.My best friend and I had just had amazing burgers across the square at Winghart's, and were making our way toward the cab stand at the Fairmont, when we passed the Prantl's. Several weeks earlier, we had gone to Paddy Cake in Bloomfield, and picked up a couple of amazing Eclairs, and since my friend's mom had been quite wowed by the Paddy Cake eclairs, we thought we'd pop into Prantl's and grab a few here for later. I mean, really, what's to an eclair? Flaky crust, stuffed with custard, and topped with chocolate. Bakeries have been making them since long before Marie Antoinette supposedly said 'Let them eat cake'.We entered the shop, and there was a small gathering of buyers, in the usual inconsiderate stance of standing with their crotches pressed firmly up against the glass display cases - I mean come on people - you know what you want, now back the hell up and let others look!  So we had to wait for the muffin tops and zanzibelts to clear the viewing area.Once the butts cleared and we could see into the cases, I looked up and down and left to right, but didn't see anything that looked like an eclair, or even a creme puff.Eventually a rather short blonde gal's head popped up from behind the counter, and asked if she could help us. I asked if they maybe had any eclairs.The girl looked at me puzzled, tilted her head like a confused cocker spaniel and said:"mmmmm, I dunno...what's an eclair?"I stood there dumbfounded for about 20 seconds...and then said flatly "um...it's...well...never mind"I could not BELIEVE that anyone in any bakery anywhere would actually have to ask 'what an eclair' is, with the possible exception of in Latin America, where if it ain't made with guava, it ain't a baked good.We picked up a couple of creme horns, which according to someone in another shop somewhere else in da burgh told me, Pittsburghers like to call cannoli, when clearly, they are not. I can understand confusion between lady locks and creme horns - but CANNOLI???So we paid for our creme horns, went out to the Fairmont and hailed our cab home.  All along the way saying "I can't believe that someone in a bakery had to ask 'what's an eclair?' Only in Pittsburgh!"Bottom line - the creme horns were ok. Nothing exciting. Just an average creme horn. Not too cheap, not too expensive. From now on we'll definitely not only be going to a place that knows what an eclair is - but that actually has them. *sigh*UPDATE: Since banking nearby, have tried a few more items. Cinnamon rolls - to die for. Moist, and tons of cream cheese frosting. Anything else has been 'just ok', but it's all WAY too pricey.
4	You know I gots to get my sweets in. So, after eating some lunch, I made Prantl's my next stop in Market Square. However I didn't overdo it this time, only getting a miniature Cookies & Creme cupcake and a small Peanut Butter Square. Both were excellent desserts at only $1.50 apiece.
4	Prantl's is a quick step to the side of Market Square, and more importantly, my workplace. A few of my co-workers have a little ritual. If we have a bad day, one of us goes on a Prantl's run for sweets. Pastry therapy. Effective, though not so much for the diabetics. Their most famous (and best) offering is the burnt almond torte, which consists of moist layers of cake soaked in yummy almond custard. The whole torte is covered with slivers of toasted almonds and sugar. Really delicious! The torts come in several sizes, and I understand that they ship these things worldwide. So give em' a whirl.My second favorite Prantl's delight is more savory than sweet; the breakfast roll. They are bigger than your fist and have either sausage or ham with egg and cheese baked inside. Perhaps the breakfast rolls are more Mancini's than Prantl's, but the same lovely people prepare and sell them at one spot in Market Square. The staff at Prantl's/Mancini's are always kind and accommodating to my requests. I docked them a star because I think their fondant cakes and cupcakes are rather bland, which is surprising given how flavorful their other pastries are. Overall, a solid bakery staffed with friendly people!
1	My fiancee and I set up an appointment to taste wedding cakes, and were completely forgotten, and didn't receive an apology. We felt bad for the guy who was there, because he was never told about the appointment by the woman who scheduled it...he tried his best to help us, but forgetting an appointment is an immediate black mark. Why would we continue to waste our time and risk being forgotten on our wedding day?
4	Let's put it this way. I liked the chocolate chip cookie and Oreo sugar cookie.I LOVED the cinnamon bun. Loads of icing, almost as good as Oram's (my benchmark). Very good, but not great.
5	I was very surprised that there were only 11 reviews when I posted! Prantl's has the best burnt almond torte known to man! There are cakes, cupcakes, little cakes, and WEDDING cakes made out of this wonderful recipe. Hell, even Burgatory made a milkshake out of this wonderful flavor. If you have not tried it, take a day and change your life. Or, for those who do not want drama, take an afternoon and eat a fabulous dessert.
4	Make the right picks and your sweet tooth will be more than satisfied. I was charged with picking up some baked delectables for the wife. Since Prantl's is a stones throw from where I work I figured I'd give it a shot.  I was greeted with the smells of baked breads and cakes since Mancini's shares a small space with Prantl's.  I selected a chocolate chip cookie, cinnamon bun, and 3 different mini cupcakes.  I'll quickly review each one since the wife let me sample all.  First the cinnamon bun as others have mentioned is excellent.  Soft, balanced flavor, coated in sticky moist icing that tastes homemade.  The cupcakes were all good, but the almond crusted chocolate one stood out and pronounced itself king.  Amazing.  The cookie was the loser of the draft though.  Dry, almost to the point of tasting prepackaged.  Disappointing.  The only low points of Prantl's would be the cookie and staff that isn't exactly welcoming.  I will go back.
3	I do like this company but the one downtown does NOT have good customer service. I ordered a cake online for pickup.  If anyone didn't know,  all their custom cakes are made at their shadyside location. I arrived Saturday afternoon,  about an hour and a half hour to pick up my cake and the one guy just looked at me and said "You're early." First off, they close at 3pm on Saturday & I was there at 1:30pm. Second, I knew the cake would have been ready by noon because they close at freaking 3pm! So, I said to the guy, "Ok, well I'll come back." He then said, " No it's here." WTF you say I am early for then fool! I will not be going to market sq location ever again. They serious need to retrain people. I worked in customer service and no need to be a weirdo about it, just get my cake and call it a day.
