5	So good I actually have their number programmed in my phone.No more taco hell... I go to Caramba's!This is fast food mexican that doesn't even taste like fast food... and it's not the "____berto's" chain.Home grown here in Glendale, AZ, the taste in their burritos, pollo fundido, tacos and even rice and beans is flipping AWESOME.  Chips and salsa your thing? They have a whole salsa bar that is fresh made.You walk in to a clean restaurant filled with mexican decor touched with a dash of beer signs.You can eat in or take out... again, it is a fast food place so you do have to deal with the kids and crap, but the restaurant can't help that.Love the slogan... where you don't "peso" much. Great for when you just get off work, dying of hunger, call them up, order your favorite tacos, walk in, pay, grab and go home.
4	Can't go 5 starts cause I only ate there once..  Today I had the pleasure of trying their Pollo Fundido..  Mmmmmmmmmmm..  I am a big fan of Some Burros in Tempe.  This was easily as good or better.  Loaded with sauce, and the burro was fried just the perfect amount.  Next time, I am going to try their fajita burro and maybe eat in with one of the many beers they sell.
3	We get breakfast burrito's from Caramba's occasionally and they are pretty good. Our standard b-fasturrito order is eggs/potato/cheese. My burrito of choice just seems a wee bit too pricey at this spot, at $5 a pop.Caramba's cooks up everything good, including the taters and their red hot sauce is tasty. They've got a salsa bar on site too for scooping up some additional toppings of goodness.We like the place, but we're still looking for that perfect breakfast burrito near our neighborhood.
4	A coworker who lives far far away recommended this spot. I tried it out about 2 weeks ago and it lived up to her hype. I ordered up a loaded quesadilla, and wow it was amazing. Really generous portion too. It came out on a medium pizza tray! I also had some baja style fish tacos, so I ended up taking some home. I saw a trio of police eating there, and saw that they didn't contribute to the 25 cent refill container as they got sodas after being there a while, eating. Perhaps they ponied up a bit earlier than when I got there, perhaps its a perk for wearing an all-black uniform in the Phoenician oven of summer. Who knows. I didnt have any change so I felt guilty about getting a refill. Anyways, good grub... a step above a "x-berto" style 24 hour place. I will be back!
3	Good Mexican joint. It's fried-up quick service grub, but a real step above the 'bertos and 'betos. Somehow, the food is fresher and tastier. Get whatever combo or quesadilla suits your fancy, and dig in at the salsa bar.
4	I guess I have never reviewed CFMF. We have been long time fans of all the locations. You know you can get a good Breakfast lunch or dinner here. Today we had 2 kids meals, I am trying to eat less for dinner. One was bean and cheese burrito and one was chicken taco. Both were excellent. Child 2 said it was better then Filberto's, Roberto's etc. WOW She is a bean connoisseur. The taco meal was good, It came with Rice and beans as a side. Perfect amount of food with out stuffing yourself. Best part it was less then $10 for 2 meals. Holla
5	How have I never reviewed Caramba's?!?!? I've been eating at this place for at least the past 13 years. It's a family favorite and you might say it's been a little bit more than a staple of my diet for nearly as long.My two most favorite meals from Caramba's are the bean and cheese burrito (fresh tortillas and the perfect mix of cheese to beans) and the chicken quesadilla. Oh, how I miss my chicken quesadillas since I went vegetarian. Delicious grilled chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, and then add some of their amazing mild salsa, and you'll seriously be in heaven.  My dad is a huge fan of their machaca burrito, and he's pretty picky when it comes to machaca. So I'd have to trust him and believe that it's pretty darn good.They also have a decent beer selection (Mexican beer of course), with margaritas available too. Free bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa with every meal, lunch or dinner for under $10 and at least two locations (Bell Rd. and Glendale Rd.).
3	We went to Caramba's Fresh Mexican Food this weekend after hearing about it from some friends.  We have been looking for authentic Mexican food here in Phoenix and not having to drive to Tucson to find it.  Don't take this wrong, there are some really good Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, but Tucson has great Mexican food! Caramba's is more of a dive-ish / dinner style restaurant that offers quick and friendly service and really good (almost to greatness) food.  They were voted "Best of Phoenix" and Best Mexican Restaurant" by Hispanic Newspapers.  They are extremely low cost and offer HUGE serving sizes. What I like the most about Caramba's is they do not use lard nor MSG!  You can tell their food is extremely fresh and they offer several LOW CARB options for the healthy conscious. My Chipotle loving friend left this place vowing never to eat at Chipotle again after eating their Machaca Beef Burito. Their Machaca Beef Buro is HUMUNGUS and very tasty!  Their chicken and shrimp Quesadilla's were also delicious and HUGE. They were served on a pizza pan for goodness sake!  Their carne asada and and pollo asado are also very good. They give you a bowl of warm, homemade chips and have a salsa bar.  The two things that are keeping my experince from being 5 stars:1)  Yes they have a salsa bar and their salsa is very good but they give you these little salad dressing size cups to put it in.  They are so small you can't fit a chip in them...2)  They charge you for soft drink and ice tea refills.  I appreciate the fact they serve a good variety of domestic and foreign beer but sometimes you just want ice tea, especially during lunch. No one charges for tea refills!Despite these two very small quirks,  I recommend you try the Caramba's Fresh Mexican Food on Bell and I17.  They are better than or as good as any Mexican food available in Phoenix.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!  I'm planning to try their Chile Relleno and Tamales!
4	I've only ordered off their catering menu, never actually eaten in the restaurant. So that being said up front, here are my thoughts:Called to order 1 week prior to my work meeting.  the manager basically allowed us to customize our order to get what we wanted for the number of people.  Their catering menu is very affordable and many of the deals include rice, beans, chips and salsa...can't beat that!  And they even throw in the plates, napkins, and plastic silverware...other places you have to pay for this.  All we needed were serving utensils. Our food was hot, fresh and exactly what we ordered.  it was ready on time too.  I'd love to go back and order off their full menu.  Their service and food were great. I'd recommend them for catering.
5	Been eating here for years.     This place is terrific for what it offers.  Pretty straightforward, no frills menu, food is cooked fresh, tastes fresh, is served quickly, prices are pretty cheap and I've yet to have a bad meal here.    Tortillas are awesome and their breakfast menu, which is available all day, is also very appetizing.   The service is always friendly, its a family-owned business and the other locations around the Valley uphold the same sorts of standards for quality and customer service.   Worth a shot if you're looking for a good lunch or dinner that will leave you satisfied but not feeling overstuffed!      They offer catering services and have some great drinks as well, killer margarita's!
5	Food is great! Margaritas are awesome/ strong. If you like Mexican food check this one out!
1	Are you kidding? The food was below average and overpriced and there were flies buzzing around the salsa bar.  You have got to go to Carolina's on Cactus Rd. and Cave Creek.
4	Great food, fast service and nice salsa bar.Walking in my first impression of the brightly lit place with hard chairs was definitely fast food.  That is what this place is.  I ordered the chicken Tostada for $3.99 and a medium soda, total $6.27.  Noticed a big selection of salsa and my order quickly came.The tostada seemed expensive but when I started digging in it was packed with chicken.  Well worth it. Their salsa bar was great to add flavors and heat.I'm a fan and will be back
4	Great little fast food place. They don't use any lard in any of their food or animal products in the rice. I ordered a veggie taco with beans, rice, lettuce and tomato. Each order comes with chips and they have numerous salsas to choose from on their salsa bar. I ordered a single taco which came wrapped in two corn tortillas. It was so full I was actually able to make two tacos! They offer wheat, corn, and flour tortillas to suit dietary needs and preferences. Thanks for being VEGAN friendly!
4	As Kelly M. mentioned "They don't use any lard in any of their food or animal products in the rice." -  great for those of us who are vegan.Last time I was there I ordered up a big plate of loaded nachos with beans, jalapenos, tomato, onions, black olives & guac. It was delish!
4	Stopped in here while visiting family in Phoenix. Food was really good..it was like Robertos but with a step up in quality and freshness. I had the tamales and enchiladas and it was pretty good. Usual slew of salsas that were mostly pretty good.Best thing about the visit other than the service? Definately the Margaritas....goddamn great and wouldnt exepct em to serve those let alone be that good and cheap too...think they were 3.75!Will definately come back here any time I am passin thru as its super close to the highway.
4	3.5 Stars (somewhere between A-OK and Yay!)Caramba is the authentic Mexican version of a Baja Fresh or a Rubio's type of restaurant. It's a clean restaurant in a strip mall with a fairly extensive menu and a friendly staff. While I wouldn't qualify it as super healthy, it's definitely healthier than most Mexican food places (they don't douse everything in cheese and nothing seemed super-greasy). I got the machaca burrito - the meat was tender, not fatty, and had good flavor. It was wrapped in an authentic tortilla (no Mission/Taco Bell style tortillas for this girl). I loaded up on salsas at their salsa bar (pico, roasted tomato, medium, extra hot, chile verde, and more). I had the horchata to offset the spicier of the salsas (none were overly-intense). My burrito didn't come with any sides so I ordered some black beans... nothing special about them. I'd probably order something else next time. Overall, I really liked my meal!
4	I had been craving a bean & cheese burrito all weekend, so on Monday come lunch time I searched my Yelp app for a Mexican food place on the way home (I was meeting up w/my hubs). Caramba was the 1st place to pop up so I decided to check it out. After looking over the menu I ordered the following for us to try: bean & cheese burrito, chicken pollo fundido, beef fajita combo plate & a cheese quesadilla w/a side of sour cream. Since I was taking it to go I forgot to grab some salsa from the salsa bar, next time!I had half of the bean & cheese burro & about a third of the pollo fundido for my lunch, I can't decide which was better as they were both so good! My hubby split the bean & cheese burro w/me & ate the cheese quesadilla w/sour cream, he also loved the burro & said the quesadilla was good too, not greasy like most places. That night for dinner I finished my pollo fundido & my hubby had his fajita plate, he said everything was very tasty! Total for all that food was about $25, not bad. Next visit I'd like to dine in & order their famous stuffed quesadilla & the cinnamon crisps dessert. They also have beer & margaritas & serve breakfast burritos all day. So glad I found this place!
4	Only reason they don't get 5 stars is their salsa bar. It always disappoints and even sometimes disgusts me. Their salsas tend to taste like they've been sitting way too long, not fresh at all. Also some have a sour taste like it's spoiled. However, that being said, their menu is delish! I love their Salpicon salad, it's amazing. It is a mixture of chopped radishes, cucumber, green leaf lettuce, cojita, guacamole, sour cream, and meat on top of a tostada shell with beans on it. I could eat this every day, it's just that good. It tastes so light and fresh. I also enjoy their beans, tacos, quesadillas, and burritos. They make a huge quesadilla with cheese, meat, and guacamole thats crispy and savory.
3	The margaritas  can make a woman suddenly sprout  chest hair and possibly a mustache .   (they cost less than $4.00)  Ay Caramba !I tried a Baja Style fish taco and was asked if I wanted it grilled or fried..so I picked grilled . The taco had more fish than I was expecting and didn't seem oily , inside was a squirt of house sauce and cabbage . The ratio was mostly fish to vegetables .  I also ordered a chili relleno and I DON'T"T KNOW IF they make it this way all the time but they gave me THE BIGGEST CHILI IN ALL THE WORLD ! My battered pepper filled the whole styrofoam plate with soft cheeses and topped with a chili sauce . I had no idea this side order would be a meal by it's self.The only thing I didn't care for was the mild salsa , (funky... but the others were OK )  maybe it was just off that day .My husband had a beef taco and ordered one of the new menu items , the chicken and rice stuffed poblano pepper . The pepper was breaded and deep fried and dressed with a cheesy maybe sour cream and chipotle sauce . Tortillas and Beans are free of lard here .Worth a try for a quick casual meal out that is also inexpensive .
5	First time here and very impressed. Arrived to pick up my order to go and the place was packed, always a great sign. Wait staff very friendly and kitchen looks very clean. Brought the order back to work where everyone gave their food two thumbs up. Plus our complicated order was packed to perfection.  We were very satisfied and will be getting take out again!
5	I grew up going to Caramba for a quick lunch and basically all of my high school functions were catered by them. The nachos with chicken are amazing!  Totally loaded up, hard to find chip that is not covered in gooey goodness.The catering is also very reasonable and great tasting. I grabbed some beans and rice to go along with our homemade enchiladas last night for an event and they did not disappoint.Just wish they would branch out of the NW valley a bit and add a spot in downtown phx!
5	Can't say enough about this place...it's awesome! The staff is incredibly friendly and we absolutely love the margaritas and sangria. They have a great little patio area and the food NEVER disappoints. Also, I love their salsa bar, everything is so fresh! We come here all the time for the margaritas and friendly smiles, thanks!
4	Caramba's is a great spot to get some tasty Mexican food at a reasonable price. I love that they make everything fresh and use all white meat chicken. I think the food here is better than most Mexican restaurants in town. My only complaint is that the free chips always taste stale but I always eat them anyways!
2	Better than most fast Mexican food, with a huge serving. Had beef burrito enchilada style.  (I know, not my usual attempt at healthy eating.) I am reminded why I don't eat this way anymore.   Bland and not a good feeling afterwards.  It was a moment of weakness.  One and done.
4	For a quick fix for mexican food I love Caramba.I aways get the Pollo Fundido and cheese crisp. This time I added the the Caramba special  - a ginormous burrito to eat the next day.As usual, it was good.The restaurant is always clean. Generic sterile looking interior. Staff is always friendly too.
5	Friendly staff, cheap prices, huge portions, great food, extremely fast order completion. Oh and the house margarita was one of the best I've ever had. Need I say more???
3	pretty okay.I haven't had anything that I really think that was amazing.  average
4	I usually like to give a specific recommendation on what to try at places but that's just impossible because everything is so darn good at Carambas
3	Caramba Fresh Mexican Food would ordinarily get four stars from me but their recent increase in prices have really turned me away.My family and I have been eating here off and on since the late 90's.  We love their cheese crisp and the bean and cheese burrito smothered with enchilada cheese sauce.  Their complimentary chips and salsa are great as well.Their margaritas are the bomb and rest assure you will leave with a buzz !Great place to grab a bite to eat.  Not the best mexican food.  This is more a fast food type place not a sit down restaurant enjoy a nice meal kinda of place.Great place to hang out.  Have a great meal.  Drink margaritas !Customer service is the best !
5	This is by far the best and most authentic Mexican food I've had in this area of town. I try and get different dishes each time I visit and have yet to be disappointed. If you're looking for an amazing location/view/atmosphere, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're looking for amazing food, then you've come to the right place. The prices are great for what you get. The quesadillas are served on a pizza tray so bring your appetite!
4	Best cheap margarita in town!! I love the Strawberry Mango blended. The food here is always fresh and full of flavor. I love the salsa bar where I can try a different flavors. If your hungary this is the place to go. From quesadillas served on pizza trays to the Giant Caramba burrito smothered in red sauce. It doesn't get much better then this. This is the first place I have had fundido sauce served cold, but it works well with the hot chimi's.
4	Went for the first time today. I was pleasantly surprised. You get a good value for what you pay. The food is well prepared and seasoned properly. It was actually a bit surprising to walk in the place and see so many people eating. The salsa bar was pretty average, the place is a bit run-down, and you have to pay for soda refills. But their chicken quesadilla and chicken burrito were great. I'll certainly return.
2	I'm not the type of person to grade on a curve  or give reviews for places like Denny's. It's either pretty good, or a pretty bad experience...Caramba's has been a quick, consistent stop for years to get a good fix of moderately priced Mexican food. Well things have been slowly sliding downhill for the last couple years.It's getting a little run down. And, the owners are not very attentive anymore.The consistency is now completely out the window. The portion size is hit or miss.About 40% of the time I am very disappointed. Some part of the order is either wrong or not made properly. As long as I stick with things like taco's, cheese crisp, or salads where I can see everything I ordered when I pick it up. Things are somewhat ok..I just ordered a fajita burrito and counted 7 layers of tortilla over the whole top of the wrap. all of the way across and 3 layers on the bottom. I kept hoping somewhere in there I was going to find some meat. Well there was very, very little. And at over $10 wet with guacamole. (which comes with it if you don't order enchilada sauce) it wasn't cheap. The way things are now with consistency. The quirky things like charging for soda refills, having to ask for napkins, and the bland salsa bar are annoying. Remembering how things were years ago, I keep wanting to give them another chance. But, it will be a long time before that happens again..
2	I came here with some friends after a long day moving furniture. The quality and cleanliness of the place was pretty good, it definitely had lots of rooms for a good fun night along with a gated outside area where you can smoke and drink. The staff here was friendly and no offense but the person who took my order spoke really great and formal English which caught me off guard. I ordered a Caramba Nachos with beef and I have to say it was alright. I have had better, I believe the reason why it wasn't so good was the cheese that was put in, which was super watery and kind of ruins the whole dish. I do like however that they do give you a bowl of chips to enjoy and have a bar of salsa you can pick from.
2	Stopped in after a long day of shopping and moving with a few friends. The overall cleanliness of the establishment was good. The gentlemen who took our order was very friendly and helpful.  I ordered a Red Chili burro plate - came with rice and side of beans - Lets just say I was very disappointed . The Rice was dry and bland - the Red Chili burro had no flavor at all, to top it off they wanted to charge you 25 cent for a refills! It's bad enough the fountain drinks were two or more dollars! tisk tisk.
5	This place is awesome. The fish taco was fantastic and my boyfriend had the fundido burrito and he loved it. Ask for extra cream sauce. The cheese crisps are GREAT, and customer service is on point.  Also if you plan on having more than half a margarita plan on taking a cab!
1	I wish I could give no stars. DO NOT EAT HERE!! I got HORRIBLE food poisoning from here. I didn't know of Yelp a year ago when I got it to write a review. It had to have been from the tomatoes in the salsa bar, because my coworker got the same thing as me but different salsa.
3	OY CARAMBA!The last time I ate at one of these Caramba's someone there highly recommended getting the Salpicon Salad saying that it was delicious and tasty and he thought it was the best dish they make. It's listed as a salad so I was expecting a salad.I did ask them to leave off the cheese and sour cream to lighten it up a little for me. But all this salad appeared to be a fried flour tortilla smeared with beans topped with a small amount of lettuce with a very small amount of fresh made plastic tub like chunks of chicken and topped with a big glob of guacamole. To me it looked like a tostada. It was a $6.25 tostada. I read on a sign that the chicken and a bunch of other stuff is made fresh every day and is never from frozen. I also didn't eat the fried tortilla the food seemed fresh but it was a small amount of food. TWO STARS for the Chicken Salpicon Salad I also had a Margarita and it was so strong I thought I tasted AntiFreeze in it and I also thought it might make me grow hair on my chest.My husband liked the Carnitas Plate. He said it was nicely seasoned and the meat was moist. It came with rice and beans and a giant flour tortilla that could hold a small body.I'll leave them at three stars because my husband liked the carnitas here.We were going to have a donut next door at Lamar's but it was after 12 and they were almost out so you might want to check out Lamar's before lunch.All the Caramba locations are open everyday for lunch or dinner.
2	Do your intestines need a workout?Do you miss your toilet and would like to spend some quality time with it?Well.......come to Carambas!Yes, for a limited time only we can pummel your digestive system with 2 pounds of slop that we like to call the wet burrito!Thats not all folks! Throw in a plastic bowl of stale chips and day old salsa and you're in for a real treat!
1	TERRIBLE PLACE!! HORRIBLE FOOD!!! Bell Rd & 23rd ave. They got our take out order wrong, then we found a nasty hair in the food. We called the manager to let him know and he was in complete denial and said he could not do anything about that on a take order. This place is not clean inside and is a complete rip off! Don't waste your time or money.
4	Love this place, cheap & tasty. Nothing fancy, just good authentic Mexican food. My favorite is the green chili burro & fajitas. Margaritas are good and strong!
5	Fast food that isn't cheap fast food quality. You order at the counter and take a number. You are given a bowl of thin, crispy white [always fresh] corn chips while you wait and help yourself to the salsa bar as your food is made fresh to order. The food is consistently very good, made with fresh quality ingredients that come together better than a lot of higher end Mexican restaurants. I have been eating here since this Caramba location opened and have always been happy with the fast friendly service and the delicious, generous portions. Even the margaritas are surprisingly good, but watch out, they are very generous with tequila. The atmosphere, prices and wait times are that of a typical fast food restaurant but here you get quality food - and besides margaritas, you also have the option to order a beer or sangria with your meal. I haven't tried their sangria yet, but I have noticed that some days it's red and others it's white. This restaurant is always squeaky clean: clean kitchen, restrooms, dining area, and patio.Caramba's may not be the ideal place to bring a first date - maybe wait until date #3, this way you can impress them with your great taste AND your practical side all at once.
3	I like this place. The food is pretty good and it's a good value. But how come no napkins in the dining room? I also might encourage management to wash and/or replace the plastic bowls they use for chips.
3	I like their salsa spread and love the tamales. The only issue that I have with Carmba's is that the food if you ask me is a little pricey for a fast casual Mexican restaurant. The price is very similar to a full service restaurant so am a little disappointed. Otherwise the food is great and most of the folks that work here are very friendly.
5	Best Margs EVER!!! Seriously. Cheap beer, great fresh food. Always here, always margaritas :-P
2	Went to Caramba's for dinner.  This was our first time and we went on the recommendation of friends.First impressions.  When we walked in, about a 1/2 dozen tables were occupied.  The restaurant was VERY clean.  Lots of tables, no kitsch decor, and an order/pick up at the counter type set up.   The lady at the counter was friendly and took our order w/ no problems.  We asked about ordering chips (they are listed on the on-line menu), and the lady said they were included, and gave us a couple of bowls of chips along w/ our drink cups.They have a salsa bar with several different salsas available.  Medium smooth (hot sauce), medium chunky, hot, fire roasted, and pico de gallo.The fire roasted salsa and the medium smooth were good, but nothing special.  The chips however, were well past their prime (stale).We ordered a #2 combo plate (2 hard beef tacos), #6 combo plate (red chile burrito), and a bean and cheese burrito.The food came fast and hot.  That's about the only good things I can say.  The red chile burro had a lot of meat and grease, but no flavor.  The red chile it self was very thin and watery.  The rice was bland.  The beans had the flavor of being fresh out of a can.  The tacos were also packed w/ meat, once again without flavor.  The same bland rice and beans accompanied the tacos.My son ate about 1/2 of the bean and cheese burrito, and didn't want to take the rest home, and I didn't blame him.  He's pretty easy to please when it comes to a bean and cheese burritos, and he didn't like the beans either.Maybe if we would have had one of their margaritas or cheap beer that many people rave about we would have liked it more.I would rate almost any of "berto" places above Caramba when it comes the the flavor of the food.  I would rather have traveled down Bell Road to Mixteca.My advice, if you want fresh, tasty, fast Mexican food.  Go to the nearest Carolinas.I'm giving 2 stars, the restaurant was spotless, and the iced tea was fresh and very good.
1	I tried eating here saturday june 28th around 10am for breakfast. I called to place my order. I ordered a giant caramba burrito and a steak and egg burrito w/ chips and salsa. When I arrived for my food i was given a giant steak and egg caramba burrito which i didnt even see as an option. When I tried ordering correct food I could not because the manager wouldnt stop argueing with me. Every time I said "I want a giant caramba burrito with steak AND"... I would immediatly be interupted by the angry employee that would say " but you told me this!?!" Or " but you told me that". After trying to reorder three times I finnaly just gave the incorrect food back, and became so angry I began to leave completely forgeting my change. Ive never been so frustrated since i can remember. The funny part is if my order taker spoke better english this never would have happened. I refuse to learn spanish just to get my order correct so i guess me and carambas are going to have to go our seperate ways.
4	The Giant Carumba Burrito for $5.95 are you kidding me, this is 3 meals for me. Burrito takes up the entire aluminum tin with lettuce tomatoes and sauce. Even though it is huge still has good taste, I get the beef and it is served wet in the enchilada sauce. Also comes with chips and has a small good salsa bar.You order at the counter and they call your number to pick up the food. If you are looking for a fast inexpensive good quality clean Mexican restaurant, this is it, They do live up to their motto "Where you don't PESO much!"For the money you spend and the food you get it is a 5 star, but 5 star is an over the top restaurant for me.Use to go to the one in Glendale, but with work have been coming for lunch to the one on Bell Road. Same good service and food
5	What can I say... The Giant Caramba Burrito is ridiculous, great tacos, fajitas and green chili. It's a step up from a 'bertos' type place but not quite a great sit down restaurant. They have a pretty good Mexican beer selection. My wife got the sangria tonight very tasty and only $3.50. Just like the other reviews watch out if you order more than one margarita!Lastly the fried ice cream is dang good!
5	Ahhmazing! Cheap and the best Mexican food around! New bar is awesome! Jake is the best bartender ever
2	I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga combo. Not a fan of the carrots and peas (which is most likely frozen - which they advertise they don't serve "frozen" food) they put in the spanish rice (gross) or the brown sludge they call "beans." The chimichanga was alright. Other than the fact that they probably keep the shredded beef sitting in water or beef juice of some sort, when they put it in the tortila, wrap it up, and fry the tortilla, the beef is still kinda watery so when u cut open the chimichanga, theres a pool of water at the bottom, which makes the chimichanga soggy. AHHHHHSalsa bar is a joke, especially if you order something to go, because they do not supply lids for the salsa containers. Also, none of the salsa is labeled!! So you have no idea which is hot, or mild, or chipotle flavored, or whatever. You have to pretty much take a wild guess as to which one is the one you want, and hope for the best.Its not the worse place, I have definitely had worse, I did enjoyed about half my dish. Honestly would rather go to FIlaberto's around the corner and get a chimichanga for a couple bucks less and tastes better.Next time if I ever end up back here, I will most likely try something different.
5	Great food for a good price!!! Been going to this place for years,  I would recommend the carne aside burrito.
5	I have been going to this place for years. The food is consistent,  though I like some of the entrees with different specs.  The red chile burro is delicious! Margaritas are great as well.
5	This service was really good here.  Super nice. The food was really good and fresh tasting. I love the sauces and everything about this place. Pepsi products instead of coke is the only downside. Not a big deal, since I'm going to order the margaritas anyway! The margaritas are cheap and solid. Nothing to write home about, but not terrible with all kinds of sour mix ruining the flavor. I will be back, for sure.
3	Ahh it was so so... We had bean burritos and a carne Asada burrito. The beans are ok and the carne Asada was just ok too. There are better places out there. The only plus side is the the price was cheap, but that could be the down side too.. :)
2	A few weeks ago, I was on a nacho kick.  I came here for lunch one day and decided to try out some nachos.  I ordered the Caramba Super Nachos with Chicken.  I had a water to drink.  Total was right around $8.00.  They give you a little bowl of chips with your order.  I paid the lady my money and then took a seat.  A few minutes later, my nachos were up.  Here is how they were............Caramba Super Nachos-  Before my nachos were even ready, I was really digging on their chips.  They are thin, crispy and pretty darn delicious.  I soon realized that these were HORRIBLE chips for nachos though.  They were too thin and broke apart way too easily.  These nachos were topped with the usual toppings like cheese, beans, pico, sour cream, guacamole etc.  They came with 2 types of cheese....shredded and nacho.  I'm not the biggest fan of nacho cheese on taco shop nachos.  I prefer just shredded cheese.  The nacho cheese tasted ok though so it wasn't nasty.  The chips were really a killer though.  I probably only had about 5-10 chips that I could actually scoop stuff up with.  The rest of the chips were too flimsy, broke in half, or were covered with toppings.  I gave up pretty quick and grabbed my fork, mixed everything together and ate it like it was a nacho salad.  The chicken they use is a little funky too.  I'm pretty sure its boiled.  It didn't have much flavor and was too "wet".  I picked around most of it.Overall, not the least bit impressed.  I doubt I am coming back to try out any of their other offerings.  It wasn't gross/disgusting food, and I did eat most of the nachos,  but for the price and taste, I will be heading elsewhere in the future.
5	The original restaurant we were planning to go to was closed on Sundays. Reviews of this one encouraged is to go. We had the pollo fundido which was out is this world. There is so much chicken in it and lots of flavor. My husband had the caramba quesadilla and we were stuffed !  Great white sangria too
2	It was OK. Here are my problems. Fuego sauce....said it was extra hot, however, extra hot? Nope. Fires out fellas. Pace picante hot was HOTTER by far. The medium salsa was mild.....enuff said.The pork tamales were without pork. I think the cashier meant to say that the pork was in the green chile sauce but the sauce itself didn't have any pork in it as well. My quesadilla had sour cream and guacamole on the inside when it was toasted. Nothing like warm sour cream to soften the taste buds. Chicken on the inside was flavorless...flavorless the green Chile that was supposed to be inside the quesadilla was thin to say the least. Tortilla was good however and the service was friendly. Overall, we will not be back.
