5	I stumbled upon Trouve completely by accident - I went for a stroll and ambled into this lovely area of Edinburgh. I was enticed in by their promise to deliver lovingly preserved second hand clothing to the ladies of Edinburgh! I was sold before I'd even approached!The dresses in here are in stunning condition, and all are proudly displayed on their hangers. They are mostly second hand but carefully chosen by the owner, who customers stopping by during my visit kept raving about! Always a good sign. The ladies occupying the shop were relaxed and friendly, having a good chat with me while I browsed. The clothing and accessories were all utterly unique and absolutely divine. I usually avoid big designers but when they are all displayed in such a fashion, and with the prices deflated, I have been enlightened and can now see why girls go crazy for them. Everything was colourful without being garish, and of impeccable quality.I bought an unusual ring out of Trouve for a reasonable price - it was too difficult to leave empty handed - and I had to hurl myself through the door before I went back to spend more money on a dress I fell in love with, and a pair of earrings I knew I didn't need (but wanted...badly). I felt pampered and well looked after without the shop assistants being too gushy or sleazy. They were genuinely lovely people who cared about their business - a very rare quality. It was bizarre in this day and age to see how a little business becomes pivotal to part of as community. Each and every customer asked for the owner, and one customer boasted of her entire outfit that day having been bought in here over the years! I can see why the girls love it so much - the shop owner runs wine tastings and other such girly events in store, adding spice to the art of shopping. I can't praise Trouve enough. It's got to the point I want to persuade my boss to get her wedding dress from here, and even if you don't buy anything (unlikely, ladies) you'll be bowled over by how lovely the shop assistants are. Just amazing.At the risk of starting a stampede, I should tell you that they had a rather foxy Prada dress for forty quid. Go, go, go!!
