4	It's a mystery when Ice Monster actually opened....just popped out of nowhere.First noticed Ice Monster a few weeks ago when I checked out Pot Tea Social House.First impression, nice decor and useful digital screen menu with images.  They have a small selection of macarons and other baked goods.Definitely opened recently because staff is fairly disorganized.  I wanted to try their shaved snow but I was still full from brunch.  Plus their shaved snow are priced higher than their competitors ($8.95). My friends and I tried a few drinks: Honey Green Milk Tea, Organic Matcha Float and Ugi Milk Foam Tea.All drinks had a great flavor.  They didn't have the artificial flavor like all the other boba places.  Only complaint, there was a thick layer of honey on the bottom of the honey green milk tea.  Also, this place NEEDS trash cans.  There was no trash can inside or outside.  Although it wasn't busy, the staff is not very attentive on cleaning up tables in a timely manner.
5	The place has a very friendly atmosphere with good music and free wifi. The drinks were made with what seems like fresh ingredients. The sandwiches and salads were good. The snow fluff was huge and and fresh. I wish they had trash cans out, but i was told that they would throw it away for us
3	New snow ice place near me! Too bad I didn't get a chance to try their snow ice.lol I did however get a chance to try their drinks. Like others have said, this place is new and the servers are still learning the menu. However, they are still very polite and took the time to find out the answers for me. They have a wide variety of snow ice choices though such as peanut milk and even bubble milk tea~! Will try later. I was able to try some of the drinks: UGI milk foam tea,  Ceylon black milk tea, and matcha snow slush yogurt. Of those, my favorite would have to be the matcha snow slush yogurt drink. The boba was done better than I expected, just the right about of chewiness and sweetness. The other two drinks were overly sweet. Like hyperglycemia pee in my pants sweet. The UGI milk foam is neat but with the sweet drink, it just gets lost. Overall, I will definitely be back to try their snow ice. I would probably pass on the tea drinks but would try the matcha drinks.
2	2 Stars and that's me being a little generous.  We arrived here after lunch with friends that are also Yelpers.  I'm not going to speak for them, but in my opinion, Ice Monster has some work to do.  Ice Monster Cafe is new and a couple of hiccups are to be expected, right?  They're new, clean, and a decent place to hang out at.  However, what's lacking is a knowledgeable staff and desserts that are worth the price that they have them at.  I had their Coffee Ice Cream, which is literally a small scoop of Blue Bunny Ice Cream.  Tasted good, but not worth the $5.95 price tag.  The biggest disappointment is the overall service.  My gf had a few questions about the items on their menu and the staff couldn't even speak to it.  They even stated that they could Google some of the items on the menu for us.  Really?  Google it??  I don't expect a new business/staff to be experts, but at least have some knowledge of what you're serving.  A few of my friends had orders that either took too long (ie. 20 minutes for boba) or were just wrong (i.e. coffee instead of tea).   Overall, not a fan, not as good as it gets, but giving them a break with an "I've Had Better" only because they're new.  I'm sure they will improve and I hope they do.  I look forward to reading better rated reviews and I'm willing to give them another go when that time comes.  As for now, 2 stars are all they get from me. PS:  The Check-In Offer reads "1 Free purchase of 2 items".  They're speaking Yoda and really mean "Buy 2 items and receive another 1 for free".
5	I was looking for a good dessert place but didn't want to drive out to snow flakes. The place is hidden away in the corner. This place is awesome with lots of toppings! It is much better than the traditional shaved ice place.
5	My daughter (10) had been begging me to try Ice Monster Cafe since they opened.  We went on Monday evening and thoroughly enjoyed our fluffed ice and pastry.  I have to say, my daughter thought this was a frozen yogurt shop...it was much different.   The staff explained their concept of "fluffed ice" and we were pleasantly surprised with the taste and texture!  It was delicious and we can't wait to try new flavors.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the shop was very clean.  We will be back!
5	This cafe/dessert shop just shows that S. Rainbow Blvd is a growing destination for great diversification in food choices.  As a small business owner you have to appreciate the effort and detail this place has taken the time to give it it's own life and flavor.  I personally enjoy the mango fluff but my wife's favorite was the melon snow fluff.  The future looks bright for Ice Monster Cafe, I will definitely be back and can only hope this cafe enjoys much success.
4	I came in with my boyfriend because we were in the neighborhood. It was a hot summer day and I needed something to cool down. Our server, Gigi, was extremely helpful and friendly.We got a gigantic bowl of shaved ice. Very expensive and very big. I wish they had a smaller size; I didn't want to pay $7 for something I knew I wasnt going to finish. Overall, I love the place! Highly recommended.
2	As an avid lover of desserts and snow ice, I was ecstatic that this place opened on rainbow, so close to my boyfriend's house! As we walked in, the place was lively. Possibly because it is brand new. Awesome interior, but that's pretty much it. I was disappointed after getting all hyped up about this place. Their menu is quite confusing. Snow slush, snow yogurt slush, and etc. I didn't know how to depict the menu and when I asked, neither did the workers. I decided to get the strawberry snow ice (not my first choice, they didn't have the one I wanted "that day"), which to my surprise, wasn't fluffy nor soft. It was just like regular shaved ice texture you get from one of those trucks or stands. I was expecting it to be soft and fluffy like kuma's snow ice since their machines look pretty much the same. It was really big, but that's no problem since it was almost a whopping $10 for it. It also came with a lot of strawberries. For me, it was too much. There were three of us there and we still couldn't finish it. I also got a strawberry smoothie with boba which was okay. The boba was hard, yuck. Not enjoyable. My boyfriend also got an apple pie. It was about $5 for a slice and he didn't finish that either. He said was "okay" and "nothing special." If it weren't for the interior and very nice decor, I would probably give it one star. But I feel like since they've just opened they have much more improving to do. Being over priced for an okay dessert isn't much to drool over. Looks like I'll be sticking to Kuma or Snowflake. But hopefully they will figure things out soon!
5	First time came in a bit late but service was still great and very friendly. Thought it might have been similar to shaved ice but for fealt more equivalent to what im assuming eating a cloud feels like. The combination of flavors of pineapple, lychee, strawberry and condensed milk was deliciousand the presentation was lovely. My girlfriend and i will certainly be returning with a bigger crowd for sure next time!
2	Went in yesterday for a Thai Iced Tea while it was blistering hot outside. Being that this establishment is brand spankin' new, I expected a warmer welcoming. The cashier did not look happy to be there and my drink was just okay. I was bummed by my experience because I live right around the corner and was looking for my go-to drink place, but there are a million and one more places to find a Thai iced tea in town.
5	The desserts here are absolutely great! Yes, few--very, very few--may not be to my liking, as in the taro snow fluff, (red beans are a little too sweet for my taste), but you can't always expect to love everything anywhere. Anyway, I've gone here more times than I should've the past month, but each time that I have the staff & owner are always so friendly and extremely generous. I always feel so welcomed whenever they remember my face! Not only is service fantastic but, as mentioned before, the desserts are absolutely yummy! Lol. My favorite snow fluff is the honeydew--which, by the way isn't on the menu yet ;) --and I love to get it with strawberry ice cream! Lol. Eating here is a great way to cool down, especially with summer about to kick us in the face, hahaha. And with their large-sized portions, there's no way anyone could ever stay hot in this weather. I'd say you get what you pay for, and sometimes more! Also, this place is a chill spot to hang out. They have a few games on their shelves you can play while eating up your desserts. So not only do you get to enjoy your food but you get to have a fun time while eating as well! :) This place is seriously my new favorite spot to hit at night, especially since they're open 'til 1am, (YAAAAAS! LOL). I wish them the best with their business!
4	We live around the corner & had been excited to try this spot. Finally got our chance & were happy. I loved my desert, shaved ice, gelato & fresh strawberries. Huge too, could have fed 3 people. The cupcake was terrible. But the drink tipped the scale back to an overall positive. Staff was nice & the atmosphere was cool with games to play @ your table. We will be back for sure.
5	Finally one that's close by our place with good boba and snow ice!! We got the lemon tea w boba - soft ans yummy boba. Also got the peanut snow ice - the small was huge! Friendly and clean location!! We'll definitely be back!
2	I was hoping I would be leaving 5 stars after my first visit today.  I thought, yay, we don't have to drive allll the way to Spring Mountain, or Easy Life Boba.  Ice Monster Cafe is not too far from home.  The two stars given are for the service, friendliness, and the ambience including the high tech menu.  Alas, the snow ice, fluffy ice, fluffy snow, whatever you want to call it, was not as good as the other places we have had them here in Vegas or in So. Cal.  First of all, the ice was not as fine or "snow" like as it should be.  It was more like "shaved ice" which is NOT what fluff ice is.  2nd, my frozen strawberries tasted moldy.we took it to go because we were in a hurry.  I was so excited to indulge but the whole fluffy ice experience lacked so much.  I had the strawberry one and my husband ordered the mango.  Maybe we'll give them another try after they figure out all the kinks and flaws.
4	This is my first time here & the staff is very friendly especially this one guy who works there plus I liked the music they played (': I really like their desserts here especially the strawberry sensation, it's closer to shaved ice than snow but that's the only complain I have. Their large is HUGE which I think is great. I also like their pistachio tart! Their Thai tea is actually better than most places I've been to. I enjoy this place because they have board games and card games so I ended up spending over an hour here.
4	Came here twice so far but haven't tried their desserts just yet!First time my bf and I came here to near closing time. Kinda empty. We weren't rushed but we decided to share a drink since I wasn't really hungry so I didn't want to get stuffed. We got the matcha float. The boss recommended that we add brown sugar to it to add some sweetness. It was like drinking ice green tea brewed from hot tea! It was refreshing. It maybe a bit bland especially if you like your drinks really sweet, but my main complaint is things are always too sweet and this was perfect. The boss was really nice and he does recommend things to you and gives suggestions. The people who were working up front with orders and the cashier seemed to struggle a little. But considering this place is new they were still really nice and provided service. They corrected our order because originally they gave us just an ice matcha tea without the ice cream but it was corrected in no time. We played some jenga. The owner said whoever the first winner of jenga is gets a fruit tart. I won! :D. But because I'm nice I shared it with my BF who lost twice btw ;).Second visit, the place was pretty much packed and not as empty as it was the very first time. Once again I just wanted a drink! No matter what set of chairs or tables you pick they're really comfy and there are board games you can all play together! This time I came with my bf and his brother. I got the jasmine iced tea with boba. OMG the jasmine tea was so good!! I can't even tell you that it had the brewed tea taste AND it wasn't extremely sweet either! PERFECT! The boba was a little too chewy for me. I like it a bit softer but the tea itself I can look passed the boba. Better yet, the boss remembered us and said hi to us again! I'll update my review soon as I try their dessert!
5	Conveniently located on S. Rainbow behind DQ. Lots of food places in the area and this is a great place for dessert.  Not need to drive down to Spring Mountain area.  nice atmosphere, friendly service and refreshing, especially on hot summer days.
5	It's so nice to have a shaved ice/snow fluff in the southwest area. I'm a big fan, have gone a few times and I'm looking forward to try more. My fave so far are the melon sorbet and fresh mango sensation. As a green tea lover, I really enjoy the Matcha Latte. And who can't say no to more ice cream?!...the Matcha Float was delicious!
4	This place is really great, the presentation and dessert is awesome! The small is not worth it and forces you to buy the large size which is a bit pricey! All in all great service! Will come again.
5	Loving ice monster!  Outstanding shaved ice, pastries rock and laid back atmosphere.  Games to chill with friends and family too.
5	This place just opened a few weeks so a friend and I decided to check it out.  We both got the Organic "MATCHA" Float which was great!  It was so refreshing!  We also got to meet one of the owners, Jay, who came out to see how everything was.  It turns out he is also from Hawaii!  He made us "Honey Toast" on the house and just wanted our feedback since he plans to add it to his menu.  It was pretty good...look for it on the menu soon! :)
2	I wanted to love this place and actually came in with high expectations. But unfortunately everything lacked flavor. I had the turkey wrap which was basic, matcha float with boba that was good minus the boba cause it was bland. Only thing decent was the snow fluff but it's not enough to keep me coming back. Two stars are for the cleanliness and cute place. And for some odd reason they were blasting Metallica and metal music.. Not that I don't like metal! I just thought it was odd for being an Asian cafe and it was uncomfortably loud... Or maybe I'm just old lol
4	I've been looking everywhere for a place that serves iced tea with sea salt cream and I'm so happy that I've finally found one. I was curious to know what Gong Cha was on the menu and so I ordered it. Low and behold it was what I have been looking for all along.
5	This place just opened, and I've been here twice in two days. The owner is so nice, and the atmosphere is really laid back, and enjoyable. The flavors and combinations with the ice cream and the fluff snow are delicious and make you want to try everything. My favorite so far is the bubble milk tea sensation. They also make fresh sandwiches and wraps, which I want to try, but the desserts are definitely what will make you crave this place.
4	We had a craving for sweets late night and found this new place that was open late. We got in just before closing but the people working didn't seem to mind. That's always a plus. Ordered the strawberry fluff which was bomb. It was a decent amount to share but not too crazy where you couldn't finish it yourself. We also had the apple pie, I added ice cream. The only complaint I have is that I asked them to warm it up but it still came out cold. I asked them again and they tried but I guess something was wrong with their oven. Being close to closing I'm assuming they turned off the oven and have to wait for it to warm back up? Either way it was still good and I'm not gonna knock them for that. It's a bomb spot to come when you for that late night itch for sweets.
4	Loved the ambience. The boba was ok I only wished that the milk tea was boiled instead of powder. Didn't get to taste the dessert but looked so amazing and the snow ice looks fantastic ! The workers were very pleasant and very wiling to accommodate me and customized the sweetness of my milk tea.
1	I wasnt particularly fond of ice monster cafe. Their interior is pretty nice and comfortable but for quality drinks and snow ice I wasnt impressed. Prices for a small flavored ice was $5 which is served in a very tiny martini glass, large is about $10. I ordered the taro slush sensation, and a friend of mine got the thai tea, green tea float, and mango slush sensation. The thai tea wasnt good at all from what he told me, first he tried it with their sea salt cream foam, but it was too light and then with regular half and half cream. It looked very watered down and he said it was bland tasting. As for his greet tea macha float, he had described as floral traditional green tea but stronger. It didnt honestly look too good, like green water and a plop of ice cream melting in it, like a water float. My snow ice sensation was very bland, the ice cream scoop in it was good but the snow had very little to no taro taste at all; very watered down, and the texture was not fluffy but more of a crushed freezer ice texture, not worth 5 bucks in my opinion. The mango sensation was good and for a large was very decently sized, that was the only redeeming order of that day. The workers were pretty nice but not very helpful or knowledgeable at all on their products, it was more like ordering from a vending machine with no personality or presence unfortunately. I dont think I will ever be back but if I do return, maybe next visit will be better.
5	This place is cute to hang out at. We had the lychee pineapple snow, strawberry cake, smoothies & mango sorbet and everything was delicious!!! Even had a few games w jenga. Our experience was fabulous!!!
4	I look forward to coming to Ice Monster Cafe in the future! The only problem I had was it was kinda hidden. Though it was a bit hidden, it was not disappointing. The decor is very modern, clean, and has a nice atmosphere! They have so many things to choose from and every single picture displayed on their monitor can make your mouth drool. For my first time, I got honey toast! Like all honey toast, it takes about 15 minutes. You can choose what type of ice cream you want. I recommend strawberry :) It was baked perfectly and the ice cream wasn't drastically melting. Although I enjoyed eating the honey toast, I had a hard time eating it because they have given me plastic forks. I would really appreciate it more if they have given us metal forks. Other than that, I do plan to go there if I am on that side of town :) One thing I found weird was there were no monsters lol.CHECK IN TO GET COUPONS
1	They turned down business... I got their at 12:28. He said last call is at 12:30. Please change the hours and say that you close at 12:30a so people don't wage their time and gas. Thank youMaybe he had something else going in and was ready to jet out... As soon as we walked away he immediately turned off the lights. How about if we wanted to grab dessert? Bad biz homie!
2	Good concept, way over priced for a very limited small menu. I was hoping we'd find a new it place to go but this place is just mehhhhh. We'd still drive all way to Easy Life or Sp Mtn.
3	I so wanted to love this place since it is in my local area.  I ordered the azuki beans with green tea ice cream.  It was okay needless to say.  They are reasonably priced but you get what you pay for. I also got the green tea cake and it was rather dry. The jasmine /green tea boba was so bitter, did not like at all.  I was rather disappointed.So, I don't think I will be coming here again.  I will stick to Suzuya even though they are a bit pricey the quality and taste is outstanding.  I would rather pay for quality  pasty . Happy yelping xoxoxo
4	Snow fluff : My boyfriend ordered a large taro red bean snow fluff ($8.95)  and large mango sensation snow fluff ($9.95) for myself. I think it's reasonable. The large bowl is filled to the top generously with fluff and the bowl is bigger than my two hands could fit to hold. I just had Snowflake last weekend and it's not as creamy as that, but more shaved ice like in fluffy layers. Hard to explain but try it and you'll know. Not as intense flavored either but that was cool with me because its good enough to satisfy my sweet tooth and the toppings were enough flavor for me: fresh mango for mine and real taro chunks on my boyfriend's and a  scoop of panna cotta on both. There are honey syrup, honey, and condensed milk for you to add on yourself if it fits your fancy.Ambience: When you walk in, it's pretty empty center space overlooking the kitchen which is kinda odd. The counter to order is the left hand side and there is a display case of sweet dessert goodies like cakes and macarons. Yummm! I can safely assume that this place was meant for hang outs. It's open late for a southwest local joint, it has a small shelf of board games like jenga and checkers, lots of booth space, and two smart TVs that the employee was nice enough to offer us the remote to watch YouTube videos while we eat :)Customer service: The employees looked pretty happy to see us (makes me happy too to see happy people). Friend ordered a matcha drink that he thought would be thicker or creamier I guess , so when the chick working found out, she kindly offered to make him another drink on the menu that fit his expectations. How nice! She was right and he loved it. (For $5.95, it's venti sized)Overall: it was pleasant and offered more than anticipated. The feng shui or interior design could be switched around to better flow but that's just me watching to much HGTV. Id be more than happy to come back and try the rest of the flavors they offer.Side note: choice flavor of ice cream on your honey toast ($6.95) which is cheaper than Serenade and ($2.45) for choice flavor small snow slush . yay :D
5	Hella cute lil place! My sister and I shared a couple desserts: strawberry snow fluff & peanut butter honey toast - both were DELICIOUS! The staff was friendly and flexible with our snow fluff order (strawberry snow fluff with mango & lychee - oh my! lol). The dining room is cute and there's board games too. If you check in on Yelp, you'll get 15% off. Win win win =D
4	Cute place! I came here for a meetup a week and a half ago. Though the place is tiny, it is very clean, and they actually made sure that the cafe looked spacious as well. The macaroons, the cakes, and the other pastries look adorable. They taste great for an affordable price! The employees are very friendly, and they often checked up on the group to see if we were okay. I would love to come here more often except for the fact that I live on the other side of the valley from this place.
3	Hmmm, not really our taste. I had a caramel latte, which was good, but with about a third left, was all ice. We didn't know what to expect with "snow fluff", but I don't think we'll be having anymore - probably a texture issue. Weren't expecting coffee "jello" on top of shaved ice that resembled fried rice. Others seemed to like the place, so try it for yourself...
3	The place looks like an amazing hangout joint. It's clean and it has a nice interior design. The menu however isn't good or bad......it's not a place I prefer to eat my snowflake, but it's not bad. I think the flavor here is too light, I had the mango and the honeydew snowfluff, but I wish that the flavor was more distinct. The place has all the great ideas, but I think their snowfluff needs improvement.
3	Ambiance: 3 - I thought the ambiance was really cute. It was clean and simple, maybe too simple, but organized. I feel that it would work to their advantage to add more to this cafe to make it more warm and inviting to customers. The white does make it modern, but it seems cold. It makes it seem like the inside of a freezer.Service: 4 - I thought the service was clever! They personally came up to our table with cafe trays and handed us our food. To me, that's what good service feels like. They also served us water to have with our 'cake and ice cream'. Food: 3 - I had the Bubble Tea Milk Sensation and Strawberry Cake. I didn't like the strawberry cake much. It was a bit dry, and you really needed the water to go with it. The Bubble Tea Milk Sensation is probably the best thing on the menu!! It had boba and panna cotta. The milk tea flavor is in shaved ice. It tastes like thai tea/milk tea and it's pretty good! I'll probably go back just for this...It's my new weakness :) So in short, Best Thing On The Menu: Bubble Tea Milk Sensation !!!!!
5	So amazing!!  Try the strawberry creation!  It is absolutely divine!  Love that they are open til 1am everyday as well!
2	When this place first opened I loved it, which was just a few months ago.  They had gourmet pastries: cupcakes, chocolate mousse and all sorts of things that one cannot get anywhere else in this neighborhood. Now, no more, just bland nothing cakes.  Uhhhggg, why can't we get a place in the far southwest that has decent dessert! I want gourmet, homemade, made today. I want it with coffee and delicious hot coco. Maybe an Americano.
2	Probably not fair to write a review since I didn't actually taste anything but just wasn't sold on what they had to offer unfortunately since it did look good from pics and reviews.  Now that they don't serve ice-cream kind of takes the special away from their shaved ice. And then the dessert window just didn't have enough options, so we decided to go elsewhere.  I hope they workout since it's a close spot and they are nice in their just don't have any special product to draw you in.
5	It is awesome that you can actually customize your own smoothie. Just tell the cashier what kind of fruits on the menu and they will make your own smoothie for you. I stopped by today and I created my own smoothie with strawberry, grape, and grapefruit. They not only have smoothie available, but also different types of boba tea. The owner came up with this business Idea when she traveled in Hong Kong and Taiwan. I will def recommend everyone I know to come over.
1	My bad luck for Boba run tonight...  Ce Fiore ran out of Boba so we came to Ice Monster considering we haven't had their Bobas here before.Aarghh!!!  Waste.  Of.  Time!  We already drove away when we started sipping on our mango and strawberry Bobas.Blehhhh!  Hubby and I literally, simultaneously, made gagging sounds.  I was thinking exactly what he shout out, "what the fuck is this shit?"The mango tasted like watered down Lychee.  Seriously, like crushed ice with Boba with a scant of Lychee flavor.  The strawberry tasted like watered down.....  I don't even know.  Watered down something but nothing like strawberry at all.  Called them and told them we're coming back for a refund and how we felt about the drinks.  The guy was a dick and kept correcting how I pronounced Lychee.  He said he just followed the recipe.  Yuck!  These people need to try their own food.  Worse smoothies ever!!!!  Good thing they had our refund ready by the time we got there.
4	Fluff- A little disappointed about how they didn't serve ice cream on top like the picture shown on yelp but it was still good! I just wished they put mochi in the fluff instead of that weird Italian custard thing.. it was sour and just did not go along with the green tea or red bean at all.  Drinks- I asked for a jasmine green milk tea and although it was a tad bit sweet, I liked it that way. Being from L.A, it is hard to find good milk teas out in Vegas. Other than that, super friendly employees & fast service!
4	I really don't understand all the hate for this place. Items here are reasonably priced, atmosphere is cute, cozy and clean, and the service is excellent. I went there for the first time last week with my girlfriend. We ordered green tea honey toast w/ small mango snow fluffs. Portion was generous, yet two girls (who just left the sushi restaurant 10min ago) finished both with no problem. We wanted to lick the plate clean ! Snow fluff is icy and creamy at the same time - It is nothing that I've ever experienced before. This Taiwanese latest secret is moderately sweetened, but extra honey (several kinds available) and condensed milk are also available for sugar junkies (at no cost). Today, I returned here w/ my husband. He ordered pineapple lychee snow fluff, I ordered Thai tea w/ boba snow fluff, and we shared strawberry honey toast. Like the last time, we cleaned the plate and left the business with big smiles. So far, I've tried five products from here and all of them were far from gross or disgusting. I support this business as long as this place supports my sugar addiction... As a matter of fact, I don't think I can ever be happy with regular Thai tea w/ boba again. Give it a try :)
5	Friendly cashier and the place is very clean. I been there a lot since its opening. I love their taro redbean sensation,and coffee ice-cream. Seriously their ice-cream taste so goodddd. i also had their cake, it was alright. Anyway i will keep going back for their snow fluff. Very recommend :)
4	I do feel like it's a bit overpriced and the selection definitely isn't something that amazes me, the customer service and cozy feel to Ice Monster Cafe is definitely deserving of four stars :) you can tell it's a new business and I certainly see the potential in a place like this.
1	Not sure what the hype is all about. My brother was talking about how great and tasty their fluffy ice is. We ordered lychee, strawberry and green tea with red bean. Lychee and strawberry was alright, had more flavor than green tea. It was also drenched with sweet syrup. Definitely not a place I would thinking of coming for dessert.
3	The good: it's open super late, the coffee is really good, the place is CLEAN, and the staff is very friendly.The bad: All the photos you see for this place are not accurate. They have ZERO chocolate pastries of any kind. Apparently that changed. I was bummed out. I will say their strawberry cake was lovely.
2	I've gone here twice. My first experience here was much much much better than than my second. My first time there, I think the owner was there sitting down in one of the tables. I came here with a friend. We ordered the lychee snow, mocha coffee, & sweetened jasmine tea. Service was great and everything was delicious. There was an older white lady who served us. She was very patient. Explained the menu and what they had, was enthusiastic. It was good enough for me to want to take my husband and try it, Not to long after, my husband and I went. When we went to the counter, the short Asian girl took our order and her voice was faint. I could barely hear her. Plus, there was no greeting, no service with a smile, or anything. We ordered a large lemon tea with boba, large jasmine tea sweetened with no boba  & a snow dessert, & some water. Good thing I kept my receipt! Firstly, when the guy came out with our drinks, they were both small & my drink was creamy, like it had milk in it. I didn't ask for jasmine milk tea. & my tea had boba. I gave it back to them. They came back and my drink was still had boba and was not sweetened. Whatevers, I gave up. There was no point of them fixing the lemon tea either. My husband drank it & his words were "uhg." He didn't like it at all. +Our snow dessert was disappointing. My husbands exact words were, "it's different" but not in the best way. Btw, i DID order water and it took quite some time to come out. I felt awful taking him here when we could've went somewhere else.If it wasn't for my good experience the first time, I'd give one star.
4	Great service, very clean and I love their honey toast:)...must try when in the neighborhood.
5	Felt like having dessert right after Korean food at Soya and saw this place at the corner. First time going here and my experience was pleasant. The modern and classy look makes the feel and environment feel rich. Also the look of the pastries and the display just screams fancy. My wife and I shared a coffee honey toast. It was really good specially it was my first time having honey toast but I have to say it was delicious. However I didn't finish it but it was still good. The only down fall is that when I ordered I ordered also macaroons. I didn't receive them until I asked before leaving. It wasn't a big deal because I know he forgot them when we was making our honey toast sooo fancy. I recommend this place and I most likely coming back specially because I want to try there boba
5	My second time coming here and I really like the food. The fluff is delicious and the iced double mocha coffee is too. The iced coffees come in one size but it is well worth the price  and you can definately taste the coffee. It's not drowned in chocolate like other places.
5	So delicious I love it!! Macaroons are amazing , flat screen TVs everywhere! Boba is amazing. I love the modern look inside. The strawberry cake here is to die for! Also the shave ice has so much flavor it's unbelievable
4	Tried this place for the first time and my daughter and I ordered Lychee & Pineapple Snow and Thai iced tea....I must say they are quick, delish & presentation was awesome :) we enjoyed our treat and will definitely return to try something new!!!
2	I've been here a few times since their opening and the experience is going downhill.They used to have a wide variety of sweets in the display case but now it's just macarons, strawberry cake, and green tea red bean cake. What happened to all the cute fancy desserts?Their snow fluff doesn't have ice cream on it anymore but I heard it was because DQ complained? Anyway, I wanted to come back to try the snow fluff but now the allure of trying it is gone. Seems kinda pricey without the ice cream (S $4.95 & M $8.95/9.95)Their boba is a hit or miss. Some days it'll have the right texture and chewiness but other days it'll be hard and chewy. I usually just drink what i can and throw the rest away.Their snow slush is usually a miss. It lacks flavor, too much syrup, or it has too much ice. I came in with my mom and brother a few weeks ago and we all had complaints. I don't recommend their papaya snow slush. It tasted really weird. My mom's red bean slush lacked flavor. It tasted like a really watered down red bean snow slush. My brother's honeydew tasted like a syrupy korean melon bars but it had way too much ice so my brother had a hard time drinking it. I've had the matcha snow slush and it was pretty good. I was expecting the matcha to be faint but it had a strong flavor, which I liked!
5	We ate here over the weekend and boy was it delicious!  The fluff is a really interesting, light dessert that is perfect on a hot day and doesn't make you feel weighed down afterward. We had our first honey toast experience and it was glorious. The toast was toasted perfect on the inside and the combination of warm and cold with the fluff ontop just make it the best combination. They only thing I would recommend is bigger plates, I felt like we made a ridiculous mess with the honey and fluff melting everywhere. Oh!  And my son loved playing Jenga while we waited. Great idea guys.
5	This is my fifth visit since I first discovered this place, and I decided to rewrite the review and give them five stars. I come here strictly for their snow fluff, condensed milk, and boba in top !! (Boba usually comes with Thai tea/milk tea snow fluffs, but you can ask them to add it to your snow fluff at minimal cost). I don't know about other items but you are missing out if you don't try their snow fluffs !
3	Finally, a boba place close to my house!Service is generally friendly, but slow. This alone made me only give this place three stars. I waited about ten minutes just for two drinks and I was the only person in the store.They have all kinds of games to play while you're waiting. The layout of the store is clean and inviting. The desserts all look delicious too.I ordered a hot milk tea boba last time and the cashier looked at me like no one has ever ordered that. I thought that was a standard drink at any boba place..? They made it sound like I was asking a really tall order of them. Apart from that, it's a nice lil' store.
2	I'm so upset. I usually come just for the sea foam milk tea.. And they took it off the menu. Whyyyyy????
5	Had my first macaroon ever at the Ice Monster Cafe. So delicious!!! :) I will be back for more.
2	Staff was great, concept seemed great, but execution was not up to par.   The process of making each item was way too long for a place like this.   Any more that 1 order at a time, and they need to shave a few at once and you are then watching your dessert melt from behind the counter.   The lychee-pineapple combo I got was a terrible combination, despite liking both of those items.   The bobs was not so great either.  Disappointing
3	I have been craving honey toast for a while. I've never had it before and wanted to try some out. Since Ice Monster Cafe is right outside my street, I decided to try the honey toast from there. As I entered the cafe, I was greeted by the cashier. He was very friendly. There was only one person to work at the cashier and to make the food. There was one other group there so I had to wait before I got my food. Overall, the look of the cafe is pleasing to the eye. There aren't any crazy colors, but were more focused on warmer colors making it more welcoming. There was a food display next to the register that was unorganized and did not feature many desserts. There was a television there playing Halloween movies since it's October. It made my waiting experience better. There are also board games for those who want to play games while waiting for or eating their food. I ordered the green tea honey toast. The toast was topped off with green tea snow fluff, condensed milk, honey, strawberries, and whipped cream. Since it is toasted, it took about 10 minutes for my order to come out. When my order arrived at my table, I was not pleased with the aroma. It did not smell something that would be delicious. Anyways, I dove into it anyways. I tried the snow fluff first. There was a hint of green tea, but not much. The honey was over powering, so I was not able to taste any green tea. I enjoy having my snow fluff as thin layers, but this shaved ice was fluffy and much like snow. The shaved ice part is okay.After eating all the snow fluff, I moved onto the toast part. The inside is nice and fluffy  and golden brown. There was a light honey taste that wasn't over powering, which I liked. However, as I reached the bottom of the bread bowl, it was drenched in honey. The amount of honey on it was sickening. There was an overwhelming amount of honey that drenched the bottom and was too much for me. *NOTE: This is my first time having honey toast, so my judgment on the amount of honey on the toast may be incorrect.
4	Went in for the 1st time.  It was nice place. Good vibe. A few people were around having dessert. I got to say its very clean! Barista made sure to wash his hands. Blended Chai Vanilla Latte was not bad. I'll come back again to try more coffee that's for sure!
2	Came back to get some more coffee. After I got my Iced Coffee, it would seem like the boss was arguing with one of his employees. I think it was unprofessional to be talking to an employee that way in front of customers and it really made things uncomfortable. Save "The Talk" for a more appropriate time please and use better language. Minus 2 stars.
2	Nothing too special happening here. Desserts and shave ice are average or slightly below average. They were dead when we were in, but took forever to get drinks out.  The manager/owner displayed weak customer service when someone from our group had a problem with our drink...and what's worse is that he spoke down to employees in front of the customers when they asked questions to him in a attempt to gather appropriate information to answer some of our questions.PLENTY of other options these days in town...I would drive past IMC to go somewhere else.We did have a good time playing Jenga.  The dinning area is welcoming and clean, but not redeeming enough for my likes.
5	This place is awesome!! For starters, they have tons of games to play. There were two people working and I ordered the Mango Honey Toast but neither of them knew how to make the Honey Toast.. so they got the owner on the phone and he came from his house within 2 minutes to make it for us!! 5+ stars when it comes to customer service. Then when he came in, he offered to buy us each a cup of hot tea. Awesome experience! We'll be visiting again.
5	Ice monster cafe is the bomb dot com seriously don't know how I went so long without trying it. Comparable to Kuma and Snowflake, Ice Monster Cafe has much more flavor and amazing employees shoutout my girls Thuy and Myra! Great overall experience
5	I love the dessert here! Got the coffee ice cream and taro red bean ice cream! The server was a male and he was very welcoming. It is a nice hangout spot. A spot to finish paperwork, or homework, or just go on a date or hang with friends. Very cool as well because games like uno, scrabble, checkers, etc are there for you to play for free! And theyre open late on weekends.#
2	Drink was okay, nothing special. The wait was a bit long. Maybe I came when the place was fairly new? Seemed like the staff was still learning. Interior was nice. I'm on the fence giving this place 2 or 3 stars.
3	Pretty good, not amazing but it was a clean friendly place to hang out. Presentation are super cool even in a to go cup. Will probably come back here again.
5	Great customer service, delicious desserts, and affordable prices keep me coming back whenever I'm craving something sweet. The thai tea snow fluff is my favorite! The store is clean and beautifully decorated, and there are board games to play while you eat. Overall its a great atmosphere and I would highly recommend this place. :)
4	I have come here several times now with various friends. Whenever I have brought a friend here, they ended up loving it! It's a little hard to find because you don't really see it when youre driving along rainbow. So if you see Pot Tea Social House, you've gone too far!! Whenever I come here, I always get the same thing. I don't really like change obviously. I get the mango thing that has everyting mango in it haha They have shaved ice that is really soft similar to that of Mount Charleston when it gets its first snow of the year - very fluffy and nice. They also add a scoop of mango ice cream that is really delicious - I can't tell if they make it themselves or if they bought it because it tastes like mango heaven. Then they also put mango slices on top of it all!! The mangoes I have gotten so far have never been sour or hard yet, theyre also perfectly ripe and yummy yummy in my tummy!!! For a drink, I once again do not deviate from my usual black tea with boba. They actualy tea so it might be bitter for some! The only thing is the boba balls can sometimes be gross, otherwise I would give this place 5 stars!!oh, and they hella play k pop - makes me feel like im drinking in a bar in Korea in gangnam lmao
