5	By far the premier place in Charlotte to buy wine, best selection and best prices and service.  They have a tasting carousel so you try it before you buy it! Always a great selection and if they don't have what you are looking for, ask, they can probably get it. Prices can not be beat and they are a locally based business. Before Winestore  I can't tell you how many times the "big box" place suggested something that was crap. You won't have that problem here. Don't waste your time going anywhere else.
5	Do you love wine?  GO HERE!  Their staff are all knowledgeable and EXTREMELY helpful.  I wandered in one day and was immediately taken aback by how affordable the wine was in this boutique-style shop.  The gent behind the counter asked what I liked... I described my ideal red and white, he made suggestions, and bada-BOOM, I was sold!  I continue to trust their opinions because they have, as of yet, not steered me wrong... I've been going to this shop for delicious and new wines for several years now, and will continue to do so for many to come!Did I mention they keep your name and purchases on file so that you can come back and say... "Um, I had a white a month or so ago... it wasn't too fruity... can't remember the name... it started with a 'C'..." and they'll know EXACTLY what you're thinking of.  GREAT service, affordable prices, good bulk discounts, GREAT wine! :)
5	As someone new in the area, I was looking for some nice wine bars or vendors, which made me come across to this fine specimen. This wine store reminds me of growler specialty shops in Oregon, Denver, and Texas where they allow you to sample beers to see which one you would like to purchase for yourself. It's an amazing experience and extremely fun in groups (Sunday funday classy style). There are a few reasons why i exclusively come here for wine:1) great prices, fantastic selection, and knowledgable staff. Any great wine store needs all of these in order to be considered a premium seller. The selection is also very impressive, my favorite being the Ca Moni (extremely well priced and just delicioso)2) SAMPLE WINES! It's not free, but oh so fun! - Step 1) acquire a store card (not a credit card) to funnel your money in. - Step 2) put money on- Step 3) sample your life away on their sample machine! The quality ranges from your lower end to very high end wine. The higher the quality, the more $ you pay for the sample, but only a dollar or two :)Overall if you love wine you need to check this out. You may never go anywhere again
