5	This Brakes Plus. The is best Brakes Plus. Jeff And Lee are great.
5	Just finished an oil change. Known Jeff and Lee since they opened in 1999. Prices and work have been great.
2	I've known that this place has been here for awhile and is privately own so I decided to finally get an oil change and for them to check the brakes on my '08 scion TC. First, let me mention sometime last year I had them check my brakes cause it was screeching from my previous brake job from just brakes and I was told they were fine and it's probably cause they use cheap products.So this time around I got my oil changed and a brake job and when I drove off I had a loud metal scraping sound coming from my car. So  I just back and luckily caught the owner 10min. past closing and he repaired the metal scraping sound. I really think since I was the last customer on a friday afternoon my brake job was neglected. To top it off, my parking brake was somehow changed because it does not always engage and I was pretty upset at the situation. It has been 2 days past so this review is not out of anger. I really wanted to trust this shop but I dont think I will return.
5	I've been coming to Jeff and Lee at brakes plus since I moved to Vegas almost 2 years ago. I've received nothing but the best service from them. They came at a recommendation from my parents and my tax specialist. I bring my cars here for everything. I happy to have found an auto shop where I don't feel that I need to get a second opinion on any diagnosis. Great guys at this shop
5	Not sure how my original post ended up in "tips".  Just retyping it here under reviews.I just read some of these negative reviews and I was offended by it.  First off, I'm a female.  Secondly, I've been going to Lee and Jeff since right after they opened because my father found them first. I have referred countless people and businesses over the years, had people thank me for it and I will continue to do so.  Never in my life have I met more honest mechanics that DON'T treat women like morons.  If you want honesty and a true commitment to service, check them out!
