4	A nice clean restaurant. Always greeted as if they are happy we are here. The food for the most part is quite good. A few dishes that are not to our taste. but that could be us, not them.
4	Finding a really good, homey Chinese restaurant is really important to me and my husband. Call us crazy, but we love Chinese food, and there's something special about a family-style restaurant that can't be replaced with all the PF Changs and Pei Weis and Panda Expresses of the world. When a friend told me her family has been going to Wong's for years and years, I knew I had to try it. When we walked in, the decor reminded me of my family's local Chinese restaurant that we loved. After we were seated, our waitress brought us hot tea and ice water. My husband and I have a ritual: he gets whatever is most like his favorite dish (General Chu's Chicken) and I get something different. Then, he has to have noodles. He found the Emperor's Chicken, which was very good. The big chunks of white meat chicken were fried, but not thickly battered. The sauce was spicy with a hint of sweetness. Our other dish was the Mongolian Beef. It was very good, but not as good as my favorite Mongolian sauce - at the Mandarin Grill in Tucson. The lo mein noodles were good, but my husband wanted the BBQ pork, and that's not really something I like. My water glass was never even half empty before our waitress came to refill it, and the tea was very good. I am so happy to have found a good Chinese restaurant in the West Valley, not too far from home.
5	After eating at Wong's, you'll  hate yourself for having ever had Panda Express.The first thing you notice about Wong's is how misleading the outside is. It's wedged between a used book store and a bridal store and looks about as big as a taco truck. You get inside, however, and a large, superbly decorated dining room awaits you. I have never, in all the years I've gone to Wong's, waited for a table. Literally, I'm seated half a minute within entering. Even during the lunch rush, there's always room. Tea is provided, and between that and the water, you probably won't want to order a coke or anything. The tea takes some getting used to, but soon you won't be able to eat lo mein without it. And expect to get your water glass refilled like at least a dozen times. Literally, I've never actually finished a glass of water before it was refilled. The staff is so accommodating and hospitable, it's like eating in a family's dining room table. The service is so on par that out of the years I've been going, only one guy has ever complained about his food. Have you ever seen other patrons at a restaurant tell a complaining customer to STFU? Well, that's how awesome Wong's is. No joke.The food is, like, whoa. Personally I prefer the lunch specials, where you get the entree, fried rice, egg roll and soup for about the cost of a McMeal Deal. Dinner comes with a big pot of rice that you and your friends will never finish so don't even try.Foods I Recommend: Pork Lo Mein, Emperor's Chicken, Shrimp Lo Mein, Sweet and Sour Pork, Kung Pao Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Sesame Chicken, and Chow Mein.The menu they offer is also super easy to understand, with clear cut descriptions of all the entrees, which is nice, because nothing irritates me more than a Chinese eatery that serves you soft noodles and calls it "chow mein".
5	I grew up in Arizona and we went to Wongs every Sunday after church.  Three years ago we got stationed in Hawaii.  Everytime I come home, our first stop is Wongs.  I love everything about it.  Wongs is my comfort food.
4	Great....but not the best. Being that I am used to different style of Chinese food my review might be a little off. I liked the food and service. It is quiet and great to take friends. They put too much sauce on their food. I liked it and will go again.
4	Finding good authentic Chinese food is a bit of a challenge nowaday. Wong's Restaurant has been around for years, and I grew up in the same little "edge of Phoenix" neighborhood that Wong's is located in. From the outside, Wong's looks small, but on the inside, it's huge and "wedding reception"ish. I've been going to Wong's for a long time and have yet to find a better Sesame Chicken. It is their best dish! They have great lunch specials worth every last penny. They have a lot of staff at Wong's and they are all quick and very courteous to their patrons. I would highly recommend Wong's to anyone looking for a true Chinese positive dining experience :)
3	Have eaten here many times over the years while visiting my Grandma. Can't remember ever having a bad meal... Food is good, and prices are very reasonable. Staff is friendly and always coming around to refill water/tea. They are very knowledgeable about the food, if you need a recommendation, just ask. If you are in the area, swing by and enjoy some very savory Chinese food! Order the Sesame Chicken!
1	No Way.  Was excited to see the ratings here on Yelp!  but really guys.... NO WAY.  I am from Atlanta Georgia, so i guess my views are skewed. First impression is GREAT inside the building.  Nice and clean, staff in tuxedos.... water never goes empty, and they provide hot tea at lunch.  Prices were great, selections the same.  Didn't offer Hot and Sour soup at lunch, only egg drop.  I ordered the Sesame Chicken based on the recommendations here.  OK..... here we go.... Big plate, complete with BIG egg roll, 2 cream cheese fried pastries, lots of rice and huge serving of chicken in sauce.  Egg roll was inedible.  Laden with some spice like cinnamon, but don't think it was cinnamon...  I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore.  The rice was normal.  Chicken was best described as canned chicken.  It was tough and not normal.  I would have to say this is the first time i left 1/5 of an egg roll, 1/2 rice and 1/2 entree.  Waitress asked if i would like to box it up and i politely declined.  I will not be back and scratching Wong's off the list to try.
4	I saw Wong's because I drove through the area and noticed two cops having a conversation in their cruisers in the parking lot. Their sign was well-lit in the corner and I had never noticed it before, so I went it. I was very pleased to see an actual Chinese restaurant instead of one out of a million buffets or Panda Express-like shops. They do take-out, which was great for me being on a schedule. I figured I would try something simple, so I went with their Shrimp Fried Rice.Their Shrimp Fried Rice is easily comparable to the health quality of Pick Up Stix's fried rice with SO much more flavor! I was blown away! I'm eager to head back to Wong's very very soon to try their Chicken Egg Foo Yong. I'm a firm believer that trying a Chinese restaurant's Egg Foo Yong strongly illustrates their quality of food. The dining room was very nicely set up. Simple, yet elegant, and a wonderful cream and gold color scheme throughout the dining room made it seem very inviting and calm.I will post more on this place when I've tried their Egg Foo Yong, but in the meantime, do not pass this place up! It's a little tough to see if you're heading Eastbound on Indian School Rd. but it's on the North side of the street, right across from the Fry's Supermarket plaza.
5	We have been eating here for about 4 years and I have honestly never had a bad experience whether dining in or taking food to go.  I'll admit that I'm very much a creature of habit. I'll usually get the same thing. My husband, however, has tried different dishes and I've enjoyed those as well.  Dine in experience is always pleasant and service is great.  This is the happiest we've been since we don't have the Chinatown from home to enjoy.
5	I have been going here since I was a kid...15 years later and it is still one of my favorite places to eat...GREAT service GREAT food...everybody I know LOVES wongs!
2	-The owner (man) was VERY friendly.-Some Chinese Woman (the owner's wife?)...NOT friendly! She gave me the impression that I was bothering her for coming in to eat there! There were like 3 or 4 other tables in the whole place.-The Food: Not so great...the chicken was mostly small almost chopped chicken chunks...dry too, maybe from overcooking?-Flavor: Ick! I didn't care for the food, thought it was bland.-Beef dish, not much beef...mostly veggies vs the meat ratio...$8.95. Not a good value.-I said "thank-you", as I left...the Chinese Woman looked at me and said nothing, then she walked away....nice!-Parking is convenient.-With the un-friendly Chinese Woman and not so great food, there are many other Chinese restaurants that I would select over Wongs.
5	My family has made this our one and only chinese restaurant since we moved to AZ. We wouldn't think of going anywhere else. The servers know us now and we feel like they are a part of our family. The food is fantastic and the prices are more than reasonable. It's a large dining room yet even when it's full we get our food super quickly. Wong's has us for life.
5	I love Wong's.  My wife and I wanted to try something new and we felt like Chinese food so I looked at some reviews and we decided to give this place a try.  When pulling up to it we were a little skeptical because it is located in an older strip mall, and we both are picky when it comes to Chinese food.  We went in anyway and we are glad we did.  We have gone back a couple of time a month since.  We always get soup (I get the Hot and Sour and my wife gets the Wonton) and Crab Cheese Puffs(absolutely awesome tasting.  For the main meal we usually share the Sesame Chicken(portion sizes a big enough to share and we still take some home.  If my brother goes with us we get the Orange Beef too and that is really good.  I would get that more often but my wife does not like any spice in her food.  The restaurant its self is never very busy which is too bad because it makes our top 3 Chinese Restaurants that we have gone too.  The service is always pretty good and the part that makes me laugh when ever we go there is the lady who fills up the water is constantly filling our glasses no matter how much drink is left. :)  Way to go Wong's I just wish more people would give you a try.
4	i have been a loyal customer for at least 5 years. i have never ordered a plate i didnt like. would be a 5 star if the service was a little better. except for mae the waitress..shes the best. i really like that they will customize your food to how spicy you want. the most ive been able to handle is the 10 x spicy beef lo mein!!!
3	Not bad, I usually leave pretty happy and full.
1	We tried eating the food but it was just like trying to fry water, it's a YIKES and Eeks! Methinks not!We also got the same service as Yelper Susan D. We got the impression that we were a bother coming in but we got that treatment from two women working there. But I did get a smile from the one woman when she saw we stopped trying to eat and left almost all our food and she offers boxes I say no then she says, "YOU NO LIKE" I just smiled back and that is when I got the smile or maybe she was holding in laughing not sure.I will say I did like the hot tea we started out with and my husband got the $3 extra soup , egg roll , crab puff add on . My husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy . I ate the crab puffs and they were fried nice and the oil seemed fresh I thought the crab puffs were better than most places because they almost looked like crabs . At this point the service didn't bother me because I thought the food would be good .I ordered the spicy eggplant with chicken and I don't know how it was prepared but the chicken was minced unseasoned  hard and dry , the chicken was NOT EDIBLE . The sauce was not spicy it was like they dumped egg drop soup (with out the egg) over the chicken and stir fried eggplant. The thick chicken soup or sauce didn't taste good it seemed house made but it seemed like they didn't use any aromatics or salt or pepper in preparation and instead of good the sauce tasted like the way raw chicken smells also lacking any Asian Seasoning . Wong's was generous with the amount of eggplant in my dish but I couldn't stomach the sauce on it. I ate mostly steamed rice I think it was regular rice because it fell off my fork and didn't stick.My husband ordered the Szechan Beef and neither of us could eat that one either although it was very slightly better than the spicy eggplant chicken . The beef was tough but it was seasoned but not in a good way it was very salty and I think like you dumped soy sauce on it . The sauce tasted very thick like brown gravy mixed with soy sauce and vegetables were mostly celery and a few mushrooms .I know I already said enough but depending on where you sit in the dining room you might have a strangers butt near your face because half the dining room is raised and you might be next to that and who know, that person might need beano .I would NEVER SAY not to go here, You might like your food that way. Also I am guessing and Hope the REAL COOK wasn't on and they are normally better....I HOPEMy husband left hungry and stopped at the Hot Diggity Dog Cafe Cart that sets up at the Home Depot Parking lot on Bell and 67TH he said the $4. Chicago Style dog was really good and said he'd stop there whenever we get bad food out. I lost my appetite.
5	Tried this restaurant based on other Yelper's reviews.  I'd been seeking a great Chinese place in Goodyear since we moved in August 2011, and the only place I'd liked was Eest Chinese on Dysart.  I was in for a treat.Visited at lunch and as I was seated, the waitress immediately brought over a small teapot of oolong.  It was warm and perfect for a rainy day, and I don't know any Chinese places that do this any more!  I ordered the Sweet/Sour Shrimp lunch entree (only $6.25!), and upgraded my soup for an extra .50 to Hot & Sour.  When the waitress brought my soup, I requested "crunchies" (wonton strips), which she brought with no complaints.  The H&S soup was the best I've ever had!  Pepper spicy, it cleared my sinuses, but it was amazing. My food arrived quickly and the dish was steaming hot.  There was a huge serving of fried rice, an egg roll, two crab puffs and EIGHT beautiful fried shrimp on my plate!  The shrimp was tender, a little overfried, but I've been back since and it's been better.  The fried rice was deliciously tender and the egg roll was excellent, especially with their house-made Chinese mustard (WOO HOO, it's HOT!!).  The crab puffs weren't really crabby, mostly cream cheese, but they were good.My total bill was $7.82!  Best Chinese I've had in a l-oooong time.Picked up a take-out menu as i was leaving and noticed they had "Almond Duck" and "Sweet & Sour Duck" on the dinner menu.  I've been looking for "Almond Duck" -- square-shaped pressed duck covered in sweet/sour sauce and topped with almonds -- for the last 20 YEARS or so!  I'm going back to try both of these dishes on their menu! P.S. -- I've been once more since my first visit -- I took my son, who isn't really a Chinese fan, but he got the Moo Goo Gai Pan and LOVED it.
5	Love this place. It's one place in the valley where you can get decent Chinese food! I do agree with some of the negative comments concerning the owner. She is very rude! However the wait staff is friendly. The egg rolls are a little strange tasting. The orange chicken is yummy, the egg fu yung is wonderful and I love the egg fried rice. Great place!
5	Our family has made wongs chinese restaurant one of our favorite places to eat, because it is so special.The staff are helpful and always remember us and almost remember each of the meals we like.It is really clean with table cloths and you never wait for the food to come.Real chinese quisine - egg drop soup, crab puffs etc and tea.A nice experience ,thank you the Hickeys.
5	I love this place everything I have tried here I like. Almost everything here is the same price about $6.50 per meal. Great place to take a family or business partners. I love the colorful personality's of the staff. The items marked as hot are hot! yeah! my favorite is the Kung Pow chicken (makes my nose run and eyes water on occasion)
5	I have been to Wong's several times now since I moved to Phoenix just a little over a year ago. Every time I have been to Wong's I have had a great meal. I have tried several meals there including the Sesame Chicken, the Wong's Special Lo Mein, and the Barbecue Pork Lo Mein. All of them have been well prepared with no issues. I also get the entree add on which consists of an egg roll, 2 crab puffs and your choice of won ton soup or egg drop soup for a small added fee as it is worth it,. The portions at this restaurant are large. They have a great atmosphere and the employees at this restaurant are top notch, friendly and respectful. If you're in Phoenix and you want great Chinese food make a stop at Wong's and you won't be disappointed.
3	The staff is helpful and very courteous. Its a little outdated inside, but clean.  My favorite dish is the Eggplant, and is a specialty dish. This place hits the spot better then fast food chinese spots. Prices are reasonable, and they can accomodate large groups easily.  I like many of the dishes, but I am not convinved enough to say this is the best chinese food in the West Valley.
5	Since our move to the south west valley, my family had been looking for a good chinese restaurant.  I found this restaurant from yelp and other sites and true to form...the reviews pretty much sum up wongs on indian school.  Located on the north side of indian school across from the chase bank..in a dainty strip mall...it sits next door to an unknown bookstore with the most inconsistant store close times...sometimes its open....other times...nope.  anyway.....as you walk into wongs, there is a front table with a  register and an older asian lady that looks very judgemental...the truth of the matter is..she probably is...but who cares, im there to eat!  My family and i go at least once every week or two.  We usually have the chinese eggplant with beef special and my kids devour the lemon chicken.  I once tried the spicy beef with mushrooms...delicious.  i also had experimented with the chicken corn soup....delicious.  you cant really go wong with wongs..give it a try!
5	Maybe I'm biased with the five stars cuz this place is just like the Chinese food favorite back home. Everyone I know says it's great too, so it's that good. The service is quick and freshly cooked. The staff is polite, professional, and geniune Chinese. Oh, and to-go orders are well packed usually in a cardboard box. If you like hot ask for the house mustard!
4	Great alternative to buffet Chinese. Huge portions and cooked to order. Lunch specials come with more food than one should eat! Pleasant staff and decent atmosphere. I will eat there again.
5	We had tomato beef Cantonese noodles, moo shu beef crepes and lo mien chicken, crab puffs. All very fresh and delicious !
4	Great simple Chinese food. We've been going here off and on for years and I'm addicted to their garlic chicken. Staff is helpful, prices are reasonable, and the portions are generous. A good, safe bet for Chinese food.
4	Great food!  Service is great as well!
1	Not even worth to try. No complaint for service and I respect that, but food quality was very poor. It felt like all microwaved food...specially when food comes to table in five minutes or less.
5	My husband and I love this place! The food is always great (I'm always trying new things and am never disappointed, but I revisit the chicken and eggplant dish frequently). Portions are huge and the prices are great (tonight we ordered 2 soups, 2 entrees, and got a side of rice all for $21- and had 3 boxes of food to take home). Great service, great little whole in the wall restaurant.
5	We love Wongs!  Its so much better than the other Chinese food places in the west valley.
1	If zero Stars was a option this fine establishment has earned it.  So I was looking for something different and drive by Wong's all the time and read the reviews.  So today was going to be the day I would check them off my to do list, no dice what a horrible five minutes I encountered.  First I walk in and no one is in their lobby and wait for two minutes for some signs of life.  I see a cook coming out of the bathroom and put his head down as he passes me by to get to the kitchen, so I thought he was shy and would yell for some help in his friendly confines and he did not.  So another minute and half to two minutes go by and finally a lady comes out of the lobby to help me.  This lady is far beyond retirement age but bless her for working on.  As I had four minutes to study their menu I knew exactly what I wanted.  A little background to better paint my story.  It was about 11:30AM on a Saturday when placing my order.  So excited to finally place my order I tell the lady to give me the number 5.  She repeats number 5 and I confirm.  She then gives me such a look of disgust and tells me they do not sell lunch specials today.  Well that wouldn't be a problem but what attitude you gave me plus nowhere one their menu it stated no lunch specials on Saturday.  I thanked her for the horrible customer service and walked out.  Shout out to Morris K, RETURN FACTOR: 0%!
3	Water:It might sound silly but water is very important to me - if a restaurant can't serve good water how can anything taste good?!The water was good!Off to a bad start:BBQ Pork Slices AppetizerBBQ Rib AppetizerAndSizzling Rice SoupAll very bland with very little flavor...Egg Rolls - Excellent!Crab Puffs are good too...I didn't try any but my family said the egg foo young was very good!Orange Beef was good as well - a tad too sweet for me - but I would eat it again.My family also really liked Moo Shu BeefI really liked the Orange Chicken!The Crispy Beef Pan Fried Noodles were good but really needed to be crunchier.The Lemon Chicken is AMAZING!! Prices are ok the place is clean...We would come back....Overall review is a decent place nothing special but you won't be unhappy you came... If you have a few of the better dishes - it just might make you smile :)
5	The atmosphere is wonderful! They provide you with free hot tea and white rice and the food is delicious for a good price! My husband and I usually share either sesame or orange chicken because the portions are big.
1	This place used to be good. Food tasted old, got sick. Don't be fooled by the 4 stars, this is not a good restaurant. Like I stated before used to come in all the time but my last experience for dinner made me ill. Zero stars
5	This is excellent Chinese food. I had the chicken low mein & the egg rolls. You won't find better. Especially in this area. The customer service was also great. This is where I'll bring my out of town guest.
4	Excellent Chinese Food!! Order on line and take it home, but make sure you call to confirm before arriving for your order because sometimes they miss it and you still have to wait. But I love their food, especially their Thai noodles.
4	Wong's service some of the best Chinese food I've had in the valley. My wife loves their garlic chicken while I've tried many dishes and enjoyed everything I've had. Their sizzling rice soup is a bit lighter than some other places but still serves 2 as an appetizer. The prices have gone up over the years but are still not overboard. I agree with others saying that the water can be, at times dusty. But I usually drink the tea with dinner anyway.Wong's is never backed up out the door so you can get in any day, even on Valentine's which has turned into a silly tradition with me and the wife. And the service is always friendly.Overall I think 4 stars fits the bill. Not "You have to go" but definitely pretty darned good.
5	Love this place! The orange chicken is one of the best tasting and their service has always been great.
5	As a former New Yorker I love my Chinese food and Wong's reminds me of that... first and foremost, everyone that works there is basically family, they eat together around 9pm every night, their service is fast and portions are huge!I do take out from there almost weekly, the last time I ate in the dining room I had a friend that I introduced to the place and forgot to tell her about portion size, we didn't split the family style portions since I usually will eat an entire order of friend rice by myself so she also ordered, needless to say she was blown away by the size and even more so the quality and taste. Very good food, not Chinese by way of Mexico as what seems to be the norm around here, just traditional Chinese with very good quality and taste!
3	While on a road trip to Sedona it was past dinner time and we were getting hungry, so I checked Yelp to find a place to eat that wasn't your typical fast food choices. Wongs had 4 stars and enough reviews that I decided to give it a try. When we pulled up in front my first impression was that it doesn't look like much from the outside. When we entered I was quite surprised to find how large it was inside. Very traditional Chinese style decor with even 2 levels of dining.  The restaurant was dated, but clean (including the bathrooms) Our server was very friendly and brought hot tea and water.  I ordered the Chicken with Broccoli in brown sauce. It was good, but not great.  We also ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice which was also good. My husband enjoyed the Kung Pao Chicken.  If you are a big eater, you will love the large portions. There was enough leftover food for 2 more meals. Would I go out of my way to eat here? Probably not, but for me, much better than a fast food chain. Very standard Chinese food.
5	I love this place. My roomie and I found this place thru Yelp and tried a few months ago. Now we go every Friday night! We share the Emperor's Chicken which to us, is like General Tso's chicken. We like a little spicy and sweet, so we order it 2x spicy and add our own veggies. The cook, Ming is awesome. He makes it right everytime we ask for him! The entree is huge, there is plenty for two people plus a little leftovers.We order the #112 to the entree which is like $3.00, crab puffs, one eggroll and soup.
1	On this particular night we were jonesing for some "good" Chinese dinner. This was the closest Chinese restaurant to our particular location, I should have kept looking. Take out dinner for four cost $60... $60! We got a subpar cashew chicken, two soggy orange chickens and overcooked shrimp in lobster sauce. Not only was the food not good and overpriced but they also forgot our rice. I have had very good Chinese food for a lot less money, I guess I'll just have too keep searching. I know some have had a good experience at this Chinese food restaurant and I am happy for them, I can only speak for my own personal experience. I don't know if I'll completely write this place off just yet since I haven't tried my old fall back, Kung pow shrimp. But I'll tell you this, give me a bad Kung pow shrimp and you are dead to me!
