1	I called this cab for a 5 am ride to the airport from my workplace. My cell phone was broken at the time, and I don't have a home phone. I explained all of this to the person taking my appointment, and she became belligerent. She asked where I was calling from, if I don't have a home phone. She accused me of prank calling, because I don't have a home phone - this argument is patently absurd. She even said that she doesn't know me, I could be at a club at 5 am rather than waiting in front of my house for the taxi that I was calling 18 hours in advance for.In the end, I straight up asked her: "so, is this going to be a problem or can you come get me? I can call another company if you really can't do it." She replied that there were no guarantees. Of course, I asked what that meant. Then I said, "look, is someone coming tomorrow or not? Just tell me if you're not coming, so I can call another company." She said, finally, yes, someone will be there between 5:15 and 5:45, and I told her that I'd wait outside and described my house (fire hydrant, irish flag, etc.). At that point she appeared to have stopped listening.Of course, I was outside from 5 until 5:55, and no one showed. I took the bus with my 100 lbs of luggage (this was Christmas time, and I had lots of presents for my family). When I got to my family's place, I called back to make sure they hadn't sent someone I missed. What do you know, no record of the call! So that woman was messing with me, she didn't even put in a request! When I asked to complain, the person who answered the phone refused to take the complaint, saying it was their policy to take a phone number so it couldn't have happened. She refused to call a supervisor. They basically screwed me over, then spat on me.She answered Henderson/Whittlesea. I assume that Henderson Taxi is the same company, with the same horrible service and complete disregard for their patrons and basic customer service.
5	This company has new wheelchair accessible units.  Since they are new they were the cleanest, best riding taxis I've ever been in in Vegas.  They even have automatic lockdowns so you don't have a cabbie leaning all over you to secure your chair!
5	Normal cab ride, nothing much to report there.  Woke up in the morning realizing I lost my new i-pod touch, I had loaded maps and places we wanted to go, so I had it out in the cab.  The cabbie turned it in and the gal at the main office retrieved my e-mail address off the i-pod and ultimately sent it back to me in California.  I had written it off, that would have never happened here in San Francisco.  Thank You so much!
1	Ripped me off. I got the scenic route from McCarran to the Flamingo. +$30 bucks and I was dumb enough to tip him. Suprisingly my return trip to McCarran didn't involve the Freeway, it took half the time and was about $10. My return trip didn't involve Whittlesea/Henderson either.Dude, if you're going to rip me off, pull out a gun and take all my money. Make it worthwile for both of us.
5	I found a new way to lose all my money in Vegas.... or at least I thought I did. Managed to leave my wallet (along with 1K in cash) in the taxi as I left for home.  By the time I got thru secuirty without a wallet, I didn't have time to call the taxi company until I got home.  Happily surprised to get a phone call for Whittlesea Blue Cab that the driver had found my wallet and turned it in.... with all my cash in the wallet.! Great to know honest people still exist.Thanks Whittlesea Blue Cab!
5	This is same company as Handerson Taxi, so I will post it here too.After waiting for an hour for Desert Cab to send a ride to pick me up last night, I found this company and called for a ride.Just 9min later, a taxi cab came. Fast and great customer service. What else are you asking for? Bookmarked for future use.
3	I chose Whittlesea to take me to Fremont from Summerlin. The little SUV/van was fine- not nasty/dirty like other taxi vans in Vegas.  The driver was a nice guy who chatted with me about a variety of topics, though mainly about the weather. We both agreed we think it'll be a hot one this year! But on to important critiques: the cab arrived in less than 10 minutes. The driver did not drive like a maniac, and took me to my destination with no shenanigans.  It can cost a base fare of $40 for my trip, but with mild traffic this one cost  $31, plus my tip.   If  Vegas had a better bus system I might have tried a much cheaper way to get downtown  in a reasonable amount of time, but given our public transportation situation,  I sprang for the cab this time.
3	UPDATE. I first reviewed. Whittlesea on April 27th and was fine with the experience. This one was kinda strange. I needed to be picked up from a Fremont hotel, where I was waiting at the front entrance, as I told the operator. Like many hotels, there's a circular or half-circle covered entrance. I was on the bench there, as this is where people are dropped off or picked up.  I saw the Whittlesea driver go past the driveway entrance without driving in, although he looked into the entrance area as he passed.   He paused, but by this time he was on the other side of a half wall and would not have been able to see me. I was a little baffled. He drove off after a few seconds and turned the corner. I figured because he missed the driveway he'd be back around, but I never saw him again.  A Western cab pulled up along the curb just then and sat for a minute or two, so I got in and asked if I'd been wrong to wait where I'd been sitting for the other cab. She was as baffled as I was and said if you have a radio fare you generally pull into the entrance and may even ask the doorman if someone had called a cab. Well, Whittlesea's loss was Western's gain
4	I called for a lift one night and a pleasant asian lady picked me up: Vicki. She was rather friendly and cool, but like any other cab, their driving scares me. Best not to watch 'em.My 2nd time was at Las Vegas Choppers. Make sure you check-in with the cab company (any, in general) because my initial lift was an hour late. I called again, they sent another cab and this one arrived in 10 min.
5	I used WBC and had an excellent experience.  Barren (driver) arrived promptly at my home, drove safely and was very polite and friendly during the 20 minute ride to McCarran airport.  When he arrived, I fully intended to roll my own suitcase and bag out to the cab, but he took those out and carefully loaded them into the back of the SUV.  Thank you, WBC and Barren for such a positive and fantastic cab-experience!  No doubt, I will use WBC again in the future and request Barren.
1	F THIS COMPANY - DO NOT TRUST. I passed out in the cab, woke up a minute before we pulled into the hotel, and I went to get cash out of my purse to notice my phone, credit & debit card, $235 cash, and drivers license were missing. the cab said I spilled it in the car.. so you're trying to tell me while driving down the strip you picked up my items in the back seat? Interesting.  Cab driver continued to hold my items and would not let me pay the fair to receive my stolen items -- notice he had every form of my payment and would not let me pay with those items.  The manager also refuses to pull the tape from the cab ride. The cab company operator hung up on me twice.  The douche dag manager, Eric, told me I can not have my items back today because he is off work and TOOK MY ITEMS HOME WITH HIM.
5	I use this company once a month to go to my doctors appointments in North Las Vegas. I have never had a problem with them at all.  The phone is always answered promptly..reps are friendly and the cab always comes within 15-20 minutes.  Drivers are friendly and don't drive like maniacs.  I would recommend them.  Also they do take credit/debit cards which is great!
5	I recently flew to las vegas as I always do bi-monthly and flew into the new terminal . Now I know that the tunnel is the longer and more expensive way but I always let the cab driver make his own decision which way to go I pay the normal price either way so he either gets a nice tip or he has to pay the excess meter fee himself. I was loaded into a WHITTLSEA BLUE CAB and my driver (barren) loaded my bags correctly and carefully and was a nice guy about doing it since I am a senior citizen.As we were approaching the tunnel entrance he took the street exit and I asked him why? He replied "The tunnel is a tad bit faster but more expensive" He was the first driver that told me the truth and was honest so we arrived at the hotel I gave him $50 for the $18 ride told him honesty always pays and thank you for being a good cab driver. I hope I always get Barren or a WBC driver.
1	I called 8am for a reservation at 1pm. 1pm came no call no show. Good thing i called desert cab who picked me up on time. I got a call from whittlesea at 1:22pm told me my cab is waiting downstairs.I told them I'm sorry but I'm already at the place where I'm supposed to and I didn't get a call considering I asked for a 1pm pickup 5hrs before the pick up time. This rude lady told me first of all they never call to inform customers that cab will be late and second cab was waiting and need to be paid. And she screamed that I should have called to cancel.Well I told her I'm sorry I didn't call to cancel I was busy trying to get to my appointment at 1pm if they have called me at 1pm saying they would be late then.I would have considered waiting for a few minutes.the lady hang up after screaming down at me..very unprofessional.just a tip if u guys would want to take this cab company make sure u get another company just in case u don't hear from them.good thing I did.
5	I've used this cab company several times in the last week personally and for business.  Never have to wait too long. It took 10 minutes to pick me up one morning at my home (that's a WOW factor for a cab!)  For the most part it never seems longer than a 15 minute wait.The phone operators are nice and the cab drivers don't waste anytime getting me to where I want to go.  My clients never have to wait too long to get back to the strip area either.  Very pleased with this cab company.  Thank you Whittlesea!
1	The wife and I joined another couple on a Hoover Dam Tour.  Part of the tour package was lunch at the Miracle Mile Shops upon our return, along with a voucher with Whittlesea Cab to get us from the mall back to our hotel.  Sounds like a winner, right?Alas, not to be.  At the end of a VERY long day, I called the number on the voucher, and got the dispatcher.  This incredibly arrogant and rude woman proceeded to tell me that Whittlesea does NOT send out cabs to pick up customers with vouchers.  I'd have to wait at the mall until a Whittlesea Cab showed up by dropping off other customers.  BUT...if I wanted to pay, she'd be glad to send one out for us.  Given that we were seeing one cab (of ALL the cab companies) show up every five minutes, we all decided to just jump in the next cab.Based on this dispatcher, you could not PAY me to ever utilize Whittlesea Blue Cab.  I'm in Vegas for business six to eight weeks every year, and NONE of the cabs I jump into will say Whittlesea on the side, I assure you.Stay away.  Stay far away.
1	Took Whittlesea/Herderson cab from the airport to a strip hotel and was promptly ripped off.Driver lied to me that he hadn't added airport surcharge (he had), also lied to me about the amount of airport surcharge (he told me it's $2, but it's actually only $1.80),  insisted on extra tip and then held me hostage when I refused to be ripped off (I tried to get out of the taxi after paying the appropriate fare and tip, but the driver had looked the doors which he refused to open)!  I was on the verge of calling the police.Driver also lied that he wasn't allowed to fill out a receipt (as per Las Vegas taxi regulations drivers are required to fill out a receipt upon request).When I complained to the Nevada regulatory authorities company refused to know driver and blamed another company!!Avoid this criminal organization.
5	I continue to call Whittlesea for pick-ups at my business when customers request transportation back to the strip and I still never have any problems getting a cab in a reasonable amount of time. (10-20 min)
1	Worst taxi cab company ever! After over an hour of waiting they completely forgot about me. Stay away! They didn't even want to give me an estimated wait time, first cab company I hear that from and the clerk on the phone was very unpleasant I am not pleased at all, I'd rather keep calling Desert Cab.
1	08/02/2013We were picked up at Mandalay Bay to go to Caesars for dinner, we were dressed up I had a suit on the wife a cocktail dress and Diamond necklace.  The driver took a call and started telling the caller, " for an Asian girl $250, for a Japanese girl $200, and went on for 5 minutes on the phone, when he got off the phone he tried to explain, all the drivers have pictures of the girls, I was astonished, I made note of the license & cab number, the driver said $9.00, I gave him $9.00 his eyes got wide and angry and he had the guts to say "and no tip?" I told him my wife was deeply offended by your conduct and frankly, so was I, he said no problem and drove off.  I tried to call Wittlesea, couldn't get anyone, I did call the cab authority.  Thanks for starting our night out on a horrible note!  I was not thrilled!
1	Please try to avoid this company. Left my phone in the cab, and had the receipt with no cab # on it.  Promptly went to my I pad and enabled find my phone.  I called the company and told them exactly where the cab was to retrieve my phone. They could have cared less. They kept telling me they needed the cab # for them to help me. No help at all and never found my phone.  AVOID THIS CAB COMPANY!
4	I've never had a problem with Whittlesea.  Every time I visit my mother's house I order a cab the night before for a morning flight home.  Sometimes I request a 6 a.m. pick-up.  They are always on time.
1	These mother fuckers hit an ran my car! Eye witness took down their cab number and license plate. Your busted!
1	I called in just now to book transportation for my boss. The female operator that answered was INCREDIBLY rude from the very beginning without any grounds to. If you're not getting paid enough or can't handle your job without an attitude then quit lady because that attitude causes the business to lose paying patrons. As for Eric the manager, he's just as bad and enabling his crappy staff.  These Idiots are employed and more than likely whining why they get paid so little. A more professional attitude would work. We're definitely never using this crap service again.
1	I started a yelp account just so I could express my absolute disgust in the "management" or lack there of at this joke of a cab company. I've dealt with these idiots for years pretending like they arrived when they had not or taking their sweet time when it was crucial to be on time. They consistently skip reservations to take "better" ones so they can rip those people off too...its not rocket science but this night was unique. They deserve one star because of the 1 person that was kind of helpful.I called 4hrs ahead for my mom to be to be picked up 7pm on a friday, a busy time for cabbies.  After waiting 20 mins passed the time of the expected available, I call to see what happened. I explain my mother is waiting and want to know what was going on. I'm connected to some little prick dispatcher. (Enter Robert) rather rude and defensive before he even knew anything was wrong. Robert informed me the cab arrived at the expected time and called several times. When I explained that was not true and impossible because my mother, who is a Senior, has been waiting in the cold since 7pm and is the only person on the premises, he informed me that "she should have been ready in time or answered her phone." As if she didnt think of looking at her phone to check.  I natural repiled, "WTF! YOUR driver told a damn lie and can you send another cab ASAP bcuz her phone is almost dead?!" Robert tells me that 3rd parties can't place reservations...although the cabbies can "allegedly" act as 3rd parties themselves to set up prostitution/drugs for other customers, I couldn't help my mom in the cold. ??I informed him the phone is dying and I dont want the same thing happening with the driver missing her so and that i needed to place the order for her. He says" uh, no."I hung up on him and placed another order explaining the previous situation. The rep sent another cab and apologized for the confusion. After another hour, I get a msg from my mom saying there is STILL no cab!Now 2hrs later, I call back. Remember Robert, that a passive aggressive halfass dispatcher with limited power and no control in his life? Well, this individual  opted not send another cab knowing she was out there in the cold in the dark and because of their mistake. Then he used the excuse that he "didn't like that I cussed at him on the phone."At him?  I'm sure my requests & colorful language was A LOT milder than the average  customer that calls with a complaint but this man wanted to make a point to make things harder for all of us. I was connected again with him, on just principal alone, to  make sure he understood what  "cussing AT him" really meant. #HatedItI can only direct my anger specifically at his incompetence and not the rep or the cabbie. This guy was on a complete power trip.with no customer service skills and was rude before he even heard what happened.I would not recommend or use this company if my life depended on it, I was on fire and there was an emergency evacuation of the city!
1	Still waiting over an hour for a ride from NLV to downtown. Already not a good experience.
1	My two friends and I, all three of us teachers for CCSD, went out yesterday to celebrate the close of a successful school year. Anticipating that we would be drinking, we took a taxi to and from the downtown restaurant we had chosen. On our way home, we were picked up by Whittlesea Blue, cab number 5004 (we did not get the name of the driver, unfortunately), and directed him to our home address.Our house is located off of a major intersection but is in a neighborhood with a slightly complicated layout, so we attempted to direct the driver toward the simplest route. He pulled the cab over and began raising his voice to us, telling us that he has been doing his job for seven years and doesn't need help. When we told him that we just wanted to go home, he still refused to to bring the car back on the road and repeatedly asked "Are we doing it your way or my way? Because when your way ends up costing $50, you have to pay for it." We finally told him to just take the route he had planned to take, and all told the ride cost $10 more than it had on our way out for the evening.Operating a taxi is a form of customer service, and it is completely unacceptable to raise one's voice to or argue with a customer who has been neither belligerent nor disrespectful. Likewise, it is equally inappropriate to purposely run up the meter on taxi fare, either by taking a longer route or by letting it run whilst the driver is pulled over to berate the passengers, both of which our driver did last night.I would rather walk three miles home in heels than take another ride from this company again. Stay away.
5	Kevin Kidwell did us a huge favor. Showed us around and gave us some tips. Cab drivers are decent and honest small business employees. Help them out in Vegas.
1	Taxi driver stole iphone 5. Stay away from this company!!!
5	On June 27  this cab company saved my backside....1 day prior, called for a 415am pick up for a 6am flight.....I didn't set me alarm. and the only thing that woke me up was persistent driver who called my phone 3 times and waited patiently for me to get ready......All WITHOUT starting the meter.   I missed the flight but ended up still getting to my destination within minutes of my original arrival time.  I will use your company again...I have another trip planned soon.
5	I have used Whittlesea Blue Cab company for several years. In Summerlin they are the only one that have a 'timed pickup'. I call the previous night for an early morning pickup and the driver always arrives on time. Early morning in the suburbs is impossible to get a taxi on time unless it is previously reserved.
1	I called them at a little after 2:00 p.m. to take me to pick up my truck before the auto shop doing the repairs closed on a Sat. After about an hour and no show, I called them back. They said they normally only operate on the strip and in Henderson and that they hadn't gotten a driver to take the call yet. By the way, the destination was even further from the strip than my house. Why didn't they tell me that from the start. They had my address and knew where I lived. I said fine, just let me know when you're coming. In the meantime I called another cab company. They said 40 minutes to an hour so I figured I'd just wait. After about another hour went by, I called them again. They said they still didn't have a driver taking the call. They asked If I had called another cab company and when I said yes, "only to get an estimate on time". Whittlesea stated, "you can't do that". Anyway, I got a call from my mechanic stating they couldn't wait anymore around 4:30 p.m. I had to call Whittlesea back to tell them forget it. At that time they still didn't have a driver assigned.How much do you want to bet if I told them my destination was the strip, I could have gotten somebody. Guess what, in the customer service industry sometimes you have to take jobs that don't always pay as much.  I told them I'd have to pick my truck on on Monday and sure the hell wouldn't call them for that  to take me anywhere, EVER.P.S.; Who here actually believes that people from other cities who left mostly positive (if not all)  reviews would take the time to do so. The reality is that most people only bother to leave reviews when the service is bad. Looks like b.s. to me.
1	I called them at a little after 2:00 p.m. to take me to pick up my truck before the auto shop doing the repairs closed on a Sat. After about an hour and no show, I called them back. They said they normally only operate on the strip and in Henderson and that they hadn't gotten a driver to take the call yet. By the way, the destination was even further from the strip than my house.Why didn't they tell me that from the start. They had my address and knew where I lived. I said fine, just let me know when you're coming. In the meantime I called another cab company. They said 40 minutes to an hour so I figured I'd just wait.After about another hour went by, I called them again. They said they still didn't have a driver taking the call. They asked If I had called another cab company and when I said yes, "only to get an estimate on time". Whittlesea stated, "you can't do that".Anyway, I got a call from my mechanic stating they couldn't wait anymore around 4:30 p.m. I had to call Whittlesea back to tell them forget it. At that time they still didn't have a driver assigned.How much do you want to bet if I told them my destination was the strip, I could have gotten somebody. Guess what, in the customer service industry sometimes you have to take jobs that don't always pay as much.  I told them I'd have to pick my truck on on Monday and sure the hell wouldn't call them for that  to take me anywhere, EVER.P.S.; Who here actually believes that people from other cities who left mostly positive (if not all)  reviews would take the time to do so. The reality is that most people only bother to leave reviews when the service is bad. Looks like b.s. to me.
1	If you left anything in one of their cabs you will not be getting it back. Left my phone in the cab Saturday night. I used track my iphone and arrived at the dispatch garage and tried to talk to a supervisor named "Mr. Tom" he told me I was out of luck until Monday when lost and found opens. This guy obviously has never worked customer service and basically told me to leave the property and call the office and leave a message. So my one opportunity to physically grab my phone was ruined by one old man who refused to help me out. I told him I could track it within a few feet, but had to do it before it died. He insisted it wasn't his problem. Overall this review is purely for the office. My driver was a nice enough guy.
1	I left my phone in the cab on 10/26/2014 around 6 6:15pm. i called in 2 minutes from when i stepped out of the cab and realized i did not have it. I been calling for almost 24 hours leaving messages and still haven't gotten a call back. there is no way that they don't have it. so basically what im saying is there company stole my phone. it was a galaxy not 3 and it perfect condition. so lame
1	Very rude customer service after getting disconnected. Doesn't know how to find an address for apartments without building number. Many apartments don't have a building number. Have they ever used mapquest?
