4	...
4	Yay, I'm a fan, but also do not have many choices in Desert Ridge. The store is clean, the people helpful and friendly and rarely have to wait long in line. A plus for the cart/hand  wipes for germaphobes like me! That stuff should be mandatory in all grocery stores.
4	This store is always clean. There is an adorable senior citizen that hands out samples in the produce section. He is so sweet and loves kids. The sushi is decent being that it's pre-made. Very convenient that there is a Starbucks inside the store. During football season you get discounts if you wear a Cardinals jersey on sundays.
3	Now that I am a Desert Ridge resident, I have made frequent stops at this grocery store.  I like riding my bike over here to pick up a few small things.  Prices aren't bad, and I love that Albertsons doesn't force you to sign up for a "loyalty" card, but the selection leaves me mystified.There's a massive selection of convenience items.  I really don't get why a grocery store at his location would be stocked with so many of these.  I know the mark up on convenience items is what grocery stores thrive on, but is Albertsons is in a big outdoor shopping mall.  CVS is right next door, and Target is on the other side of the parking lot; You've got to be nuts (or just really lazy) to pick up sunscreen or light bulbs here.  Albertsons does have a pretty shockingly big selection of random foods that you don't find in Fry's or Safeway, but unfortunately it also lacks a lot of the selection of what you can find at the other local grocers.I also don't really like the layout of the store.  Most of the stores in the North Phoenix/Cave Creek/North Scottsdale area have switched to a look that feels more like a small specialty store.  Albertsons is clean, but still has more of an old school warehouse feel to it.  The scary part is I heard that the store was recently renovated.  I'm glad I didn't see what it used to look like.
3	All I have to say, I've never been to a grocery store and not found something I needed! This ALbertson's doesn't have guacamole! I asked 3 people, none of which walked me to the area as many other grocery stores do, but they all said "oh did you look in the deli department?" I obviously looked or I wouldn't be asking you. I am just baffled by my guacamole search at this store, I can't even get over it! I'll say the cashier made up for some of my frustration by giving us many Monopoly pieces for their current store game. My son was very excited to get all those!
4	I really enjoy shopping here. The place is always clean, great selection of produce, and friendly service!
2	Shopping at this store is like being in an abusive relationship.  I know I should stay away, but I continue to think that things will magically change.  The extremely close proximity to my house is what keeps me coming back.  But the more I shop at this Albertsons, the more I despise it.The store is always running out of the items that are on sale.  Many products on the shelves are extremely close to their pull dates.  I've even seen items on the shelves that are well past their expiration dates.  The produce rarely looks fresh and the meat and poultry never looks like it's great quality.  Albertsons staff is very friendly, but it doesn't really help when most of the time, they end what they're saying with "I'm sorry."
5	One of my favorite stores. I always find everything I need, except grits.
3	Don't shop here much...but like all Albertson's I like the fact that you don't need a club card to get great deals on your groceries. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	When we were thinking of moving away from this area the first thing i thought about is how much i'd miss seeing and talking to many of the employees here. They see me just about everyday of the week, they get to hear about my life, watch my kids grow and it just felt like we would have been moving away from family. Thats what i love about this store i feel like it is apart of our family thank you very much.
4	Overall I like this Albertsons, mostly because of its proximity but also because they have a separate entrance for the liquor...I know, it sounds like I'm binge drinking, but on the contrary, I simply find it convenient to quickly roll in and out when you need to pick up a quick bottle of wine for a party-and the selection of spirits is abundant.
3	I only come to Albertson's to shop for dairy products like eggs and milk as they always have sales on those 2 items.  They stop taking your discount cards to save all the hassles and reduce speeds.  Great location right inside Desert Ridge Marketplace and the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.
