3	While waiting for some friends, we ordered some edamame and spicy tuna rolls.  The edamame was tasty and steamed perfectly, while the the spicy tuna rolls were good. Great for grabbing a quick bite to eat if you're at the Hyatt.
5	If there was a way to give six stars, I would.  Noh and Chef Mark (we love you too Karen) take sushi to a whole new level.  The "normal" sushi is anything but that, but the tasting menu is beyond comparison.  The first thing you should know is that while sushi is served throughout the Hyatt's bar(s) and lobby, you need to sit at one of the six sushi bar seats to indulge in the tasting menu.  Note to self: call ahead and make reservations.  One course is better than the next, and the presentation, delicate flavors and sauces make it a very memorable culinary experience.  Top it off with a made to order dessert (though the liquid nitrogen to make the ice cream did scare me a bit), and before you know it, you will go from food bliss to blissful food coma.  This place is a MUST !!!
4	It's probably the smallest restaurant in Arizona.  There's only six seats in front of the sushi bar next to the bar.  We went when live music was playing and it was waaaay too loud for us.  Now on to the good parts.  The chef and his assistant couldn't be nicer and genuine people.  I could tell they really wanted us to enjoy the food.  The food was fresh and delicious and portioned just right.  The prices were a bargain compared to other omakase I've had in town.  Next time I think I'll ask them to sub some Nigiri sushi for the  first courses.  Oh and did I mention five wine and sake pairings were $15!! We will definitely be back.
4	Live music is great, service is friendly, food takes forever but I loved it! Seriously though, the live music here is wonderful. I was very impressed and just sat and watched  in awe. The guys there could turn any song into something good.
5	Wow!  Always a sure fire hit if you're entertaining guests from out of town or just want to grap some awesome asian fusion cusine!  We had rolls of all variety, spicy tuna, crunch lobster roll, crab tempura.  It was great.  The only small thing was the music makes conversation a little labored, but not too bad really.Rock on Noh!
3	VERY small.... counter service with 6 seats. The sushi was prepared in a timely manner, the chef was pleasant enough (took a while for him to seem to warm up or something) , the sushi tasted good - truthfully, I have had better .The fish is not fresh, as in not flown in daily, but was told they know how to keep it fresh. It did not taste bad. I think there should be more variety and creativity since the place is so small. Definitely should be able to customize a roll for you. We ordered edamame, which was perfect.We had seared tuna appetizer, that was just mediocre. It was seared with a few sesame seeds and cayenne pepper. It was very bland with some heat to it. The rainbow roll was good, the spicy tuna was great and the California roll was good as well.I would try it again, but hoping for more creativity or something.
5	Loved this place and our sushi chef Johnny. Did the seating, even though you can order sushi anywhere in the resort, but we wanted to enjoy the experience. We were actually the only people so we had a great chat with the chef and he made us whatever we wanted, even things that weren't on the menu. Great sushi, good taste and good sized pieces. Plus made sure mine was gluten free!
5	Amazing food, service and overall experience. It is hard to know what to expect when you arrive to a little spot with 5 seats. We did the pairing menu which was phenomenal. Everything was fresh and delicious. Don't think you can go wrong here for a casual evening of appetizers or special occasion tasting menu!
5	This is the place to go for Omakase! My hats off to the chef and his amazing selection . You will not be disappointed.
