1	I stopped in for lunch with some business associates.  It didn't take me long to remember why I stay away from these crappy chains.  Food was okay at best, service was slow, it was loud and uncomfortable, and the prices say that I paid for the "experience".  Meh.... never again.
3	Love this location. Consistent service and tasty eats. The Indepndence location is great since it's convenient to all major highways and nearby businesses.I had the ruby minis, which came with fries and the salad bar - which may be my reason for the three stars. If it weren't for their low prices and amazing salad bar' they'd get a two. The homemade pumpernickel croutons are legendary people, and the salad bar boasts everything from fruits to pasta. I'm in love! The lobster Mac n chess is sooooo good and the lobster meat actually tastes fresh....which is sup rising for a chain. This is definitely a family-friendly establishment since it's a chain, so for singles I would suggest going to happy hour since they offer half off on some of their apps and their drinks are wonderful...or go during lunch. No screaming babies usually at those times.Yes, Yelpers  I am definitely a fan!!!
2	So my grandmother requested we go to Ruby Tuesdays for dinner last night - not my choice, but hey if it makes her happy I'll always go along with it. I ordered the Cajun seafood  dish (broiled tilapia with sauteed shrimp and a parm sauce). I had to look that up on the menu because I am honestly shocked that was shrimp...in fact I am almost positive that they put the wrong type of meat on it because it tasted like severely  overcooked bitter lobster...it was something I ate because I came directly from work and was really hungry...and I feel bad complaining in front of my grandmother.  I ordered the side of mac n cheese and mashed potatoes with the meal ( yea super healthy...I know). The mashed potatoes were fine but the mac n cheese was way too rich for me- not horrible but I am not much for Velveeta and it was along those lines. I actually ended up giving it to  my grandmother to take home as I knew it wasn't something id eat.The server wasn't rude - but wasn't friendly really either...I would say quite unenthusiastic sums her up. I added on the plus one star because the manager came over to us and offered a bogo coupon which was very nice. I am positive I would not go here on my own accord....100% positive.
3	Edit: The location is 7401 East Independence Boulevard, Charlotte 28227, only the phone # was listed correctlyI ended up at this location because the Outback Steakhouse down the street was jammed like Walmart on Black Friday. I had an excellent 8 oz plain burger made with 100% prime beef cooked the way *I* wanted.BTW I could tell the difference between prime and USDA choice. It was leaner yet more tender. The sides were very small but much better than sports bar stuff, freshly grilled string beans or zucchini, sweet potatoes etc. Expensive though, the burger ran me $11, with a Newcastle brown and tip it ran over 20 bucks. Normal for Miami but high for Independence blvd.Tonight I tried the rib-eye steak. The meat was very good but I asked for it black and blue and instead I got a steak that was blackened Cajun style. NOT the same thing, not even close!! Nobody there knew what black and blue means!! In a  freaking steakhouse! They actually had heard of "Pittsburgh rare" but they thought maybe the kitchen didn't have the spices for it .... too much. They didn't even know to  offer me a little comp like a desert to make up for it. However everyone was very nice so I'll stop my bitching here.
1	I try to be nice but sometimes it's hopeless. Last time they served me the ribeye blackened "Cajun style" instead of "black and blue". When I told the floor manager about it his answer was that he's worked there for 15 year and he's never heard of if or of "Pittsburgh rare" either. Didn't offer to comp anything. His loss, I let it go and gave them 3 stars in spite of this.I went back for dinner at the bar again, the place was 90% empty, there was only one other person at the bar. I ordered dinner and asked if it was possible to watch a different channel on one of the several monitors there.  The barmaid said no problem.But there was one, because she went twice to ask that same manager to change channels or at least to tell her where the remote was and his answer was "don't know where it is, not my job". Even when she pointed out at me and told him that this customer had asked for it , he looked over at me and told her he didn't know how the TVs work that wasn't his his job then left to preen himself and chat with the rest of the servers - staring my way from time to time. He probably heard me say "what an idiot!' Honestly although the steak was really good his behavior ruined my dinner. I have never ever heard a restaurant manager answer "not my job" to a customer's request before- and I wrote this on the bill. I guess he must be tired of his job? He should be pleased because possibly he won't have it for much longer.
4	I read some of the reviews on here and was a bit shocked, I had a very positive experience at this Ruby Tuesday last night (8/17/12).  Like a lot of people I tend to steer clear of chain restaurants.  Especially in a city like Charlotte which has excellent locally owned options on just about every corner.  I always liked Ruby Tuesday for a couple of simple reasons, the menus (both food and beer), the salad bar, The Rolling Stones.We pulled up around 9pm for dinner, at a lot of chains that's a no-no because they are already running the vacuum and wiping down chairs.  Ruby Tuesday's on Independence sat us immediately, was friendly throughout the greeting process.Our server was brand new but definitely not lost and didn't require any additional patience from me so that was positive.  Also she was already able to explain the different menus and special selections. For those of you out there who haven't waited tables, it isn't "easy" so when somebody knows the ins and outs of a menu in a short amount of time you should recognize their work.My wife and I each got entrees which allowed us to use the salad bar, which was delicious and still freshly stocked even at 9.30pm.  My dish was a quesadilla, and it was delicious, the steaks looked good on the menu but I rarely order steak in a restaurant (get it, rarely, that's a little cooking temperature pun for ya) because even at fancy pants places in South Park my steak is often improperly cooked.  My wife got shrimp. The food (even the appetizers and biscuits) all came out quick and extremely hot. Which coincidentally is exactly how I prefer my women as well as my food. For once, we were actually approached by a manager to *gasp* ask us how our experience was, how our server did, if the food was to our liking.  Not to mention that I actually saw this manager run from table to table and between the front and back of the house consistently throughout the evening.As we were leaving I told them we would be back and I meant it. I hope that my experience is showing a definite turn around for this restaurant based on the previous comments and reviews.  If so, I would recommend it for quick casual food in the green zone between Charlotte and Matthews off of 74.Now get back to work.
2	Dinner for 8 on a Friday night. The new and improved menu is sub par. I thought I'd play it safe and ordered the dry rubbed ribs ...... and yes they were dry. Not one was too thrilled with their food but since it was a special occasion we let it slide.EDIT : as to the gal who doesn't know what Black and blue is : seared outside, still rare on the inside. Not on the menu LOL.
3	I'm in love with Ruby Tuesday and have been for some time now, but for the last year or so I haven't actually dined in because the staff isn't the best so for the last few months I've ordered my food to go.  And between December of last year and now I've been hitting Ruby Tuesday pretty hard and I've enjoyed my food for the most part until last night.  Well I called it in and went to pick it up, I always order the alpine swiss burger and the salad bar.  Now Ruby Tuesday always brag about their fresh salad bar and over the years I've had issues with that because it's not always the best looking salad bar I've seen.  So last night I was making my salad and noticed that the fixings were slim pickings and I know that's because it was busy and people like the salad bars.  So me noticing this coming in you would think that the staff and manager would also make a mental note of this or even the customers would complain.  Well they didn't so I had to(someone had to do it).  Any who so I got someones attention and they brought stuff out to refill the bar, and I know that it's a cold bar so sure it should be cold, but the left over mushrooms that probably hadn't been changed out since that morning were actually frozen on the plate.  And the girl looked at me and say oh that's not good so I'll get some new ones.  So I waited for about 10 or so minutes for her to redo the whole bar and other people were just getting the salad like it didn't matter to them and to me that's strange.  Any who she finished the bar and looked at me and said I'm not use to doing the bar, I said oh I know.  Being that I frequent this place often I know the salad guy and he always keep it nice and fresh never a problem when he's there.  So it's like you have to go the hours that you know he will be there because for some reason the other people on staff can't handle a salad bar.  I'm not a rocket scientist but I do know it doesn't require a lot to maintain a salad bar.  You know what you would expect eating off one, so make it nice like you would like to see it if you were the customer.  Maybe it's me but as a customer I just feel that I deserve better even if I'm the only one to complain about this.  I finally got home to enjoy my food that I worked hard for and the burger was good as always but the fries well it's like they sat in grease for a few minutes without frying, it's like they were blanched in grease then fried again.  Just gross and limpy, not thrilled at all.  So I guess I should probably wait for a while before I go back.  I guess you can have too much of a good thing.
3	I found myself on this side of town the other night looking for a quick bite before dropping my son off at an event.  Having eaten here before I knew I wouldn't be blown away but I also knew the consistency of this place to be pretty good.  Ruby pulled through again.I had a very low calorie grilled salmon with grilled zucchini and asparagus.  It was cooked to perfection and couldn't have been better.  The staff was top notch.  I had mentioned that we were in a hurry when I sat down and sure enough, they got us our food, drinks and tab in a very quick manner, much to my surprise.
5	Love this place! It's hardly ever busy and the servers are very attentive. The bartender and manager are very friendly and helpful. Ruby Tuesday used to have sub-par food, but their new menu is full of great-tasting fare. The portion sizes are huge! This place is definitely a good value for money.As for the guy who ordered the "Pittsburgh rare black and blue" steak, seriously? Ruby Tuesday has steak, but is NOT a steakhouse. Its a mid-priced casual dining restaurant. What you asked for is not even on the menu. If your expectations are that specific, go somewhere that specializes in what you desire.
3	Looking for some where to eat yesterday was hard to actually getting in all across Charlotte and in Matthews it was between 1and 2 hours to wait. I ended up settling with Ruby Tuesday  haven't had it in a while so I was ok with it.  I ordered my favorite one of a few old items left on the menu and I ate my loaded potato I was pleased started in on the broccoli and chicken and guess what my chicken was pink yuck yeah uncooked chicken is gross that's why I stopped going to Ruby Tuesday because my chicken or steak was always under cooked. The manager said she would fix it and by fixing it I got a free dessert.  Yeah me...never again
2	Ruby Tuesdays used to be fun. What happened? It seems quality has gone down, portion size have got smaller. 8 dollars for 4 small chicken strips. I can get more at a fast good place with sides for cheaper. Overall it could be better.
1	Why isn't there an option for NO stars??I have never walked into a restaurant where the hostess doesn't even greet or acknowledge that you're  standing there. For an entire minute she stood there flipping menus then walked away and came back and finally seated us without even telling us to follow her. No one came to our table until 7 minutes later. The bartender walked over and asked what we want to drink, even though there were 4-5 waiters around. She returned 5 minutes later with our waters and forgot the lemons. Our appetizer didn't come for another 15 minutes. When they arrived they were stale. I waited for the bartender to come back so I could tell her but she was busy making drinks needless to say my husband and I walked out. I will never return to that ruby Tuesdays again. The sad part is that there isn't another location nearby. Very disappointed in the horrible customer service and the quality of appetizers.
1	Ruby Tuesday as a chain can be very hit or miss.  The location and level of engagement from the staff tend to determine the quality.  This place lived up to its poor rating.First of all, they had the weirdest cut bar I'd ever seen.  One section on the right had a single seat separate from the main bar.  Is that for lonely people?  Smelly people?  Is it like an isolation chamber that serves alcohol?The other odd part was the row of seats right next to the kitchen entrance thus ensuring that the entire time you're sitting down there will be MANY people walking briskly behind you.  Some carried hot food while others hoisted dirty plates.  I can't imagine that improving your dining experience.We sat at the normal part of the bar expecting to get quick service.  I mean, you can almost touch the bartender (did I mention the bar was small?), so the expectation was that he'd be quick.  Nope, I was dead wrong.  Either he was brand spanking new or in no particular hurry.It took a while to place our order for drinks (he liked to disappear) and then it took another while to place our order for food (again, he's like Houdini).  The salad bar was in rough shape like it had been mugged.  There was bacon strewn across several sections while the remaining parts had meager amounts of vegetables.  My girl had to snag a manager and ask for it to be cleaned and replenished.  My burger came out decent and the wings didn't kill us, so on Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs we achieved the bottom level - food that would sustain our bodies.  Was it enjoyable?  Not really.  Will we ever go back?  Hell no.  Do I feel bad for anyone who has to eat there?  Absolutely.
4	Today a friend and I ate at the Ruby Tuesday's on Independence in Charlotte for lunch. Our waiter was attentive, the house wine (malbec) was good, and the food was very good.  We started with the spring rolls which were fantastic! I had the steak filet (medium as most restaurants equate medium rare with raw) and lobster tail with grilled zucchini and spaghetti squash (these were optional sides). My friend had grilled salmon with broccoli and spaghetti squash.  My steak and lobster tail were cooked perfectly and seasoned in a way that I didn't need steak sauce or butter. My friend's salmon was also cooked perfectly. So many restaurants undercook steak and overcook salmon; so I was impressed. We finished with coffee and cheesecake which were both very good. All of this came to less than $30 for each of us. This same fare would have cost twice as much elsewhere and might not have been as good. This particular Ruby Tuesday needs to give their chef a raise. The only negative is that I originally ordered the Tiramisu. After about 5 minutes the kitchen manager came out to tell me that they were out.  He also said they had 3 on Wednesday that they anticipated would last till Tuesday as they don't sell very many. After hearing that,  I was glad they were out. Tiramisu shouldn't be almost a week old before serving.  Yikes! So stay away from the Tiramisu.
4	We stopped here for lunch on our way to Wilmington.  The host/hostess station was vacant for about five minutes.  Finally, a man came running up, and we were seated.We got the salad bar and loaded baked potatoes.  Lots of veggie options on the salad bar; however, the salad greens looked less than fresh, and the cucumbers were a bit slimy.  It is off season for many vegetables, so that could have been the reason that these ingredients were less than green.  Our potatoes arrived and were delicious!  Nothing better on a cold day than a warm baked potato.At the end of the meal, we were given garlic biscuits.  I was stuffed by then and only had a taste, but how thoughtful!  My husband happily ate both of them.What really impressed me was the staff.  They were friendly, engaging, and very customer service oriented.  Why, I bet that the host arrived up front late because he was filling another role to help another employee.I will always be a fan of Ruby Tuesday.
