1	Took a bus from Inverness down to Edinburgh (this was over the summer), and we were fairly famished.  Once we left the bus station, we walked through St. Andrews Square and looked for some grub (did I say we were hungry).  Once we crossed the Square, we went to the Rose St., a pedestrian street.  We ended up stopping at one of the first restaurants we saw....the pub, Abbotsford.The interior is everything one would think of whenever they conjour up their stereotypical "pub"---nice bar in the middle, dark wood paneling/fixturing throughout, and of course, beer.It looked like we found a cool place.Unfortunately, it we were proved wrong, and this is where we were introduced to some of the "UK's legendary bad personal service".It was summer.  We were hot, and we asked for water.  This took 15-minutes (and this place was pretty dead).  Once we ordered, we waited 45-minutes for our food---during this time we saw two other groups order and receive their food in the meantime!  Once were clearly done with our food, we ended up waiting 30-min for a check...well, actually, I physically went up to the bar and asked for the check.  Am I missing something here?  I don't think so, because it seemed like everyone else was served "normally".  So, there beverages were average, and their food was average, but their service sucked butt.  I can't believe we wasted almost 2-hours here.  Oh, and we also asked them for directions to our hotel's address....and they totally sent us in the wrong direction!Needless to say, a tip was not left.
3	I was so intrigued at their tv screens outside the bar....are they see-through? How can you have a see-through tv? I was sure I can see into the bar but it's also showing me tv....?!Magical mysteries aside, it's a pretty ok pub. Not amazing, but ok. It's really old fashioned and cliquey.As it's on Rose street it's part of the famous rose-street pub crawl, so it can get quite busy. It's not a bad place though!
4	The Abbotsford Bar is one of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh.  Situated in the pub central area of Edinburgh, Rose Street, The Abbotsford Bar is right in the centre of the city and is a convenient place to reach.  This pub is incredibly traditional and the inside is quite spectacular, it has super high ceilings with amazing art work on them and a vibrant bright pink carpet on the floor.  I come here quite a bit for pre-drinks on the way to a night out and I always have a fantastic time drinking here.  The Abbotsford Bar serves a wide range of beers, ales and wines and so there is something for everyone.  The prices are incredibly reasonable here too, with a large glass of the house red wine costing under five pounds - bargain!  Food is also served here, with standard traditional pub food dominating the menu such as steak, fish and chips, sandwiches and burgers, but there a few quirky additions to it as well such as mussels!  There is always a lively and friendly atmosphere in this pub and it is great place to either go for a cheeky wee drink or if you are fully going for it!
4	The Abbotsford is a nice pub at the end of Rose Street. I went in here to have lunch and for a traditional Scottish pub experience...it didn't disappoint.The place is very homey there is a bar situated in the middle of the room and big long tables around the perimeter. The tables are designed for different parties to sit together. We ended up sitting next to a Scotch man who was with his grown daughters and nicece attending the Military Tattoo. We had a nice conversation.The food was okay...nothing special typical pub food which is what I wanted. I had a chicken burger "sandwich" with fries. The sandwich was okay. A little bland and was coated with mozzarella cheese. The fries were above average. They were nice and big and very crispy.All in all if you are looking for a good pub in Edinburgh, I would highly recommend The Abbotsford
5	There is history here. Scottish Brewing History. The Abbotsford is one of the few existing pubs that challenged the traditional Beer Engine (the handle beer maidens pull to put the beer in your glass). Scotland used a pre-bar delivery system. The engine is down in the cellar. Hence turning the tap rather than pulling a massive handle. There are other bits about this pub that deserve a visit. An island bar. A ridiculously great position in the town. Top or bottom of the Rose Street Pub Crawl  (I would start here). Go here and don't drink. Go here like you would visit an Art Gallery Not to see the past but to admire the beauty of something perfectly conceived and constructed. Like a fine portrait that perfectly shows you the combination of Scottish Engineering, Woodworking and Brewing combined into a wonderful place to be.Study it - take it in - there is beauty here - along with history
4	A beautiful old pub at the start (or end) of Rose Street. There's a gorgeous, dark-wood island bar in the middle of the room and long tables with benches situated all 'round it. Great for bigger parties or just sharing a table with a stranger and possibly making a friend. Some delicious cask ales on draught and a friendly, informed staff that will allow you to sample the ales so you can find one you like. When I think of a traditional Scottish pub, this is what I imagine.
4	This is an excellent city centre pub, and especially so given its location on Rose St, which, for the number of drinking establishments it has, sometimes feels like there isn't anywhere just right for a restorative mid-shopping pint. This is a traditional pub with the kind of decor you would expect from an old Edinburgh institution.It has a good selection of real ales alongside the usual booze options, and they have bench seating arranged around the island bar. They do meals but I haven't eaten there. I usually pop in there for a quiet pint when I'm out and about in town.I particularly like that they always seem to have beer from the Hadrian & Border Brewery, which is one of my favourites. I don't know if they have a regular relationship or whether it's a coincidence, but I hope they keep it up, as you don't see these beers in too many places.Unfortunately I need to knock a star off due to their crimes against crisps. They stopped selling crisps and now only sell nuts! I could write an essay about the ruination of crisp options at pubs these days, selling you over-priced posh crisps when all you want is a pack of Walker's, but not selling crisps at all is just ridiculous. Get them told.
2	We had a hard time finding a restaurant rather than a pub our first night in Edinburgh so we were happy to stumble upon the Above at the Abbotsford.We thought the place was empty because of the football match that every pub had on the screen but as the night wore on we realized that wasn't it.I had the special which was a pork chop while my daughter had the fish n chips.  My meat was dry, tough and flavorless as was the sides on the plate.  The fish n chips were beyond the normal greasy.  For trying to be high end they missed the mark by far.
4	We headed directly here having received a recommendation from our hotels's concierge.  We experienced a very different level of food & service than some other reviewers.  Each of the four of us (one of whom)    was born and raid in the UK, enjoyed our meal.  The portions were generous and the service was very responsive.  The cost was far less than several other restaurants we visited. I would definitely recommend you give it a try.  The haggis, neeps & tatties appetizer was awesome.
4	Great real ale and knowledgeable staff
5	I damn liked that place. A a great time there last night, people and staff are very friendly and helped with among the biiiiiig choice of whiskeys. Thanks a lot for that. Also that pub looks not that posh like other places in edinburgh, but thats totally my own opinion. Bottom Line _ if in Edinburgh try the Abbotsford
5	Great & lovely pub. I've discovered quite a few nice ones since my arrival in Scotland, but I'm always happy to come back here. There is a sense of sweet simplicity which makes it even more authentic and friendly.
3	I was only visiting the bar to meet a friend but it was long enough to see it is a good ol' fashioned beer bar. You could call it an old mans pub or I would rather call it a traditional bar. There is an OK selection of beers, Alchemy seems to be the brewery of choice which is always good. Its Rose Street location gives it an eclectic mix of locals and tourists and so you can be greeted by old men pretending to be French when you try and get the only remaining seat in the bar to bewildered travellers trying to understand the said locals pretending to be French.
