2	The food was good and I'd consider most of it slightly better than what I've had in SF and probably on par with sushi in Japan, but it doesn't seem like the cost premium is worth it especially since we're talking about double or more, although flying to the Tsukiji fish market for sushi would cost a lot more. We had a $100 dining credit from the hotel where we stayed which made the cost a little easier to stomach, but it wasn't enough to cover the full cost of the meal for 2 and we wished we used the credit at another restaurant instead; taking the dining credit into account, I would've rated this place 3 stars for just the food.+ Can taste the fresh ingredients (according to LA Times, the fish is from the famous Tsukiji fish market)+ Menu highlights geographic origin of food+ Homemade soy sauce without MSG+ Warm wet hand towels brought to the table before dining+ Accommodating when running late for reservation (had to call MGM's central number and wait for awhile before being connected to them)- With one piece of sushi for $6+, the nigiri were the smallest I've ever seen vs good sushi places in the SF Bay Area and maybe even Japan, though the waiter did tell us they were served as individual pieces; the sushi rolls are a much better deal, but still expensive- Decor seems to look modern, but not a fan of the mixed industrial feel of the place and the concrete floor, walls, and bar as it doesn't quite reflect "fine dining"; if you turned up the lights, you might have felt like you were dining at artsy cafe in the SOMA district in SF- Bright lights from the kitchen clash with the dimly lit dining area which makes it seem like someone forgot to install double doors to the kitchen- A wooden open wine? box with "BM" scribbled on the side in what seems like permanent marker is used to bring out the food, but looks more like supplies being carried to/from the kitchen rather than a classy touch (not sure if this is supposed to be a rising trend as I saw another fine dining restaurant use a wooden wine box for serving bread).- Very minor, but our second sushi tray had the sushi roll pieces laid out but not as cleanly as one would expect for "fine dining" (or the judges in Chopped on FoodTV)Dinner Notables:+ Hamachi Nigiri $7 - buttery and melts in your mouth- Yarika Nigiri with Salt and Yuzu Zest (Squid) $7 - a bit too slimy for my tastes, but liked the citrus burstso Tarabagani Nigiri (Alaskan King Crab) $9 - just oko Spicy Tuna with Fresh Green Chili $18 - tuna was on par with budget sushi places in SFAlso, I'm Asian and fine dining Asian cuisine hasn't really made a lot of sense if it's not fusion, but maybe it's because Asian food is just "food" to me.
2	Came here because we got $100 dining credit from our hotel. Upon entrance, place is really modern and reaallllyyy nice and upscale. So we also expected the food to be just as nice plus delicious.The $100 was split among 4 ppl.... when we looked at the menu, it was only enough for about 3 entrees or 4 appetizers, and that is NOT enough for 4 people!! And the portion was very very small. The price is RIDICULOUS for what you get.We ordered the yellowtail with scallion roll, salmon roll, kobe beef udon, chicken karaage, kobe beef fried rice, and salmon sashimi. The rolls were cut into 8 tiny pieces; taste was so so; price was $18 each. I had bigger and better rolls back home for half the price. The udon was delicious according to my friend, so I guess that's that. The fried rice was waaaay too salty, tender meat tho. The sashimi was ONE piece of fish the size of my small toe at $6. Seriously? After we finished our meals, we headed to Hooters for some 25-cent wings because we were still hungry after spending $180 here (they charged water and that's around $3 per person). I have to say I was more satisfied with the food at Hooters than here.Conclusion: I'll never come here ever again. Total rip off, service was so so (they forgot my sashimi order, I had to ask for it), food was NOT worth the price.
2	Barmasa was a little bit of a letdown after my boyfriend kept telling me how good the one in NYC is. He's also a bit of a sushi snob. Anyway, we had 7:30pm reservations, which we figured would be enough time to eat light and head to the Rio for Penn & Teller at 9. Little did we know that it would take 30 minutes from the time we placed our order, to the time we received our first dish (Kobe Garlic Soy Steak), then another 30 minutes before we received our Sashimi Tasting and plate of 6 Nigiri sushi pieces. Everyone around us, who got seated and ordered after us, got their sushi before us and much faster. Service, nonetheless, could have been MUCH better. Granted the place just opened 10 days ago, for the price we were paying for the food, we expected better than average service. This was unacceptable. The food, on the other hand, was high-quality sashimi/sushi. Sure, the pieces were small, but there are not many places you can get the selection of fish they have outside of Tsukiji fish market in Japan. The prices are what they are because of the environment you're in and the quality of the food. Don't go in expecting the same mediocre rolls you see at the corner Japanese Sushi bar run by non-Japanese. The other commenters below (except for Jen L.) had ridiculous expectations. This is a high-end restaurant in a high-end hotel. If you're going to try Barmasa (or Shaboo for that matter), expect a significant price tag and a menu of different kinds of high-quality fish (and meats -- kobe and wagyu) that you won't normally see. All-in-all, I hope that the service becomes more polished fast. The food alone would have warranted a 4-5 stars from me, but the fact that the waitress didn't know what she was talking about and our orders took considerably longer than it should have keeps me from rating Barmasa greater than a 2. I'll stick to the one in New York City.
3	So Masa in NYC is reputed to be the best sushi restaurant in the country.   And to promote the new Aria hotel, MGM has giving away $100 dining credits to any of the Aria restaurants.  So hearing they opened a Bar Masa in Las Vegas in the brand new Aria hotel, we figured we'd try it out.  $100 dining credit would at least put a bit of a dent in the huge bill that we anticipated.  Because this place is very expensive.   More so than I expectedI absolutely love sushi so I was really looking forward to trying lots of their sushi.  Unfortunately, we learned from our server right away that their orders of nigiri are for one piece, not the normal 2.  That really took the wind out of my sails.  So after ordering tuna, salmon, yellowtail and toro, and the kampachi jalapeno appetizer, the $100 dollar credit was pretty used up.  We realized that this would get super expensive if we kept ordering sushi so we stopped.  Their sushi selection is very good though, having lots of things that you won't find at most other sushi places.  But we stuck to the stuff we knew for our first time there (Who knows when the next will be) and the quality was really great.  However, I didn't think it was so amazingly better than a lot of the great places I've eaten at in California.   30 dollars for 2 pieces of toro is alot.  12 for salmon, etc.  The kampachi appetizer also had salty potato bits on it which I though took away.   We also ordered a yellowtail with scallions (negi hama) cut roll which was great.  The wasabi was great and my wife enjoyed the ginger, but that should be expected.  We then ordered some hot food.  We got the kobe beef sukiyaki and their black cod dish.  Both were very good.  My wife thought the cod dish at Ame in San Francisco was a little better but both were very similar.  The kobe beef was very tender and flavorful in a good sauce.  The mushrooms in it were excellent.  I know others have complained about the service, but I thought it was great.  They were very attentive.  Our food came out fast and our server was definitely helpful.  He told us before ordering that sushi orders were only one piece.  So overall, it was a different and good experience.  The food was very good but it was definitely pricey.  The $100 dining creidt helped alot, so I recommend taking advantage of the deal MGM has been running.  At this point though, knowing I can get very good suhi at other places for half the price, I can't give this place too high of a rating.  I am glad that we tried it though.
3	I recently dined at Bar Masa at the new ARIA Hotel at CityCenter in Las Vegas.  Having heard of Chef Masayoshi Takayama, a holder of 3-Michelin Stars, I was more than excited to dine at his new restaurant.We ate at the restaurant on 12/20/09, less than a week after ARIA opened.  There were 4 people in my party.The decor inside was generic at best.  Cold concrete floors and walls throughout gave this restaurant zero personality.  Not that we expected your usual Japanese restaurant decorations: fans, masks, kimonos and tatami mats, but frankly, the restaurant could have been any other restaurant... an Italian restaurant, a steakhouse, even the 24-hour hotel coffee shop, and the decor would be fine.  Like I said, generic at best.Getting down to the food, we were disappointed by the menu's selection.  The ARIA website did not have a menu online for the restaurant for us to look at ahead of time, but after checking the menu for Bar Masa NYC, we figured the menu would be similar.  We were wrong.  The menu had a good selection of sushi and sashimi, but when it came to hot items, it was lacking.  There were a couple of Yakitori and skewers items, a couple of udon and soba, some fried rice, soups, and other items that were not very inspiring or much different from the usual Japanese fare.  It felt like the menu was watered down to cater towards the general masses who are used to miso soups and california rolls.  Do note that this restaurant serves a la carte style, so there are no entrees.We ended up ordering the sashimi box and the sushi box.  Unfortunately our waiter was not very familiar with the menu and could not quite confirm what were included in these boxes.  He guessed there were 6 or 7 types of sashimi, and "maybe 13" pieces of sushi.  The boxes were $99 each.Food was brought out in wooden crates with the letters "B.M." written on the side which made us all giggle because "Bar Masa" was not the first thing we thought of when we think what "B.M" stood for for.  I don't understand why they chose to use crates over trays.  It looked like a cheap way to try to be different.  In addition the crates hid the food as the waiters brought them out so you don't really get to see what others  were ordering.Unfortunately I do not remember the number of pieces of sushi/sashimi were in the boxes either.  What I do remember was they were absolutely delicious.  The sashimi, sadly, was sliced very small and very thin.  However, I was surprised to see 3 pieces of toro in there, even though the 3 pieces equaled to one regular piece of sashimi you normally would get at a regular sushi bar.  The fish were extremely fresh and I had not tasted such fresh sashimi and sushi since dining at Matsuhisa.  Even simple maguro tuna was delicious.  The price for the boxes was very fair for sushi and sashimi of this grade.In addition to the boxes, we also ordered my favorite, flying fish roe or tobiko.  The waiter somehow ordered ikura instead.  Big oversight in my book.  We ended up getting both, and both were also delicious.Lastly, we finished off our meal with a Kobe beef and garlic fried rice, and a winter mushroom fried rice.  While I don't generally do not order fried rice at restaurants, it was something that can be shared with everyone at the table.  The fried rice were $28 each.The fried rice was not the typical egg stir fried style of fried rice that you find in Asian restaurants.  First, they used brown rice, and it almost looks like risotto.  There was no egg used in the rice either so you get to taste more of the flavor of the ingredients.  They were very well done even though the Kobe beef was cut into small cubes, which was unfortunate since you really do not get to taste the beautiful flavor and tenderness that is Kobe beef.  The winter mushroom fried rice was very flavorful and I enjoyed that quite a bit.We opted to skip dessert and instead went to the incredible Jean Philippe Patisserie inside the ARIA.  Including drinks and several bottles of beer, the bill came out to about $100 per person.  About average for a high-end restaurant.Even though the food we ate was excellent, the decor, the service, and the uninspiring menu made this dining experience less than memorable.
3	Reading up on all of the glowing reviews for Masa in New York and the fact that the chef/owner got 3 Michelin Stars, expectation was high. LA has great sushi restaurants so couldn't wait to compare the East Coast version. The restaurants have expensive, distinguished ingredients, but the preparations were standard, and the executions were not that great. We ordered either theis specialty items or ones that seemed different than what you see in other sushi restaurants.Verdict:1. Chilled hairy crab appetizers with chyrsantemum salad - a bit fishy2. Sushi Roll:* Masa toro toro (toro sushi roll) - good, fresh, toro but not special.*sushi canape - fishy especially the shrimp one.*Chiba beef sotomaki with black trumpet mushroom - this is different and very good. It is a sushi roll filled with the black mushroom (inside the rice) and topped with grilled beef.*Lobster tempural roll - good but standard dish u find in many sushi restaurant. I prefer LA Katsuya with the creamy sauce*Unagi/avocado roll - good3. Jalapeno yellow tail - dry - Katsuya in LA prepares this so much better for half the price4. spicy tuna tataki - not seared and the dressing is bland. 5. kobe beef sukiyaki - tasty kobebeef cut thinly and still a bit rare almost like what you get in Pho. Good but the broth is a bit too sweet.6. kobe skewers with yuzu spice  - this is is grilled perfectly and the sauce is great. 7. Uni risotto with white truffle ($78 for small bowl) - lots of uni but a bit too dense/rich for me8. Winter mushroom yakisoba and winter mushroom fried rice- very tasty and the noodle has great texture.
2	I was very excited about having dinner at the new City Center.  While the room is very cool, the food, the prices and the service were not enough to make up for the ambiance.  The food was very expensive and the portions were very small.  We ordered a $98 sushi tasting and the server didn't even tell us what kind of fish were on the platter when it was served.  And $8 for one piece of unagi?  Ridiculous!  I had to cancel a second round of drinks because it took so long.  After spending nearly $400 and leaving hungry, my friend and I walked across the street to Fatburger.  For a mere $17, we had a couple of burgers and fries and left happy and full.  In short, don't waste your money on Barmasa.
1	This is place is definitely crappy. OMG, can't believe how overpriced the food was! I'm not a stickler when it comes to paying up for GOOD food, but I pay up for GOOD food. I do not pay up for mediocrity. At Bar Masa, that's what you get. 5 star price for 2 star food. SKIP PLEASE!!
1	Stay away from here! I wish Yelp had a negative star rating.We originally wanted to try the Shabu, but then we found out it was $500 a person. What shabu could possibly be worth $1000?!!The waitress was overly nice and polite it was disgusting. The busboy would refill our sparkling water after every sip we took because the restaurant was pretty empty, pretty annoying. We got a cucumber salad that came with a few pieces of cucumber in some mediocre sauce and cost $18! The waitress told us how great the seaweed salad too so we got that but was so nasty I couldn't have more than 2 bites. Everything there tasted weird in some way. We got their salmon sushi which the waitress claimed is flown overnight from Japan daily. It was very mushy and soft. The taste was ok, but the texture didn't feel right to me. The toro roll was too fishy and made me feel pretty sick. The food was expensive, but I don't mind paying a lot for good food, except this was the worst.As soon as I left the restaurant I had trouble breathing. And a few hours later I was experiencing full-blown food poisoning, vomiting everything back up. It was horrible. I love sushi and I can't even think about eating fish again. I'm still suffering days after as I'm typing this.
2	I did not eat here, but I did check the restaurant and menu out as I was trying to decide on a good restaurant at Aria.What really turned me off was the atmosphere and decor.The place is massive, cold and the lighting was very flat, depressing and unflattering.  Though the interior was modern and cool, it was nothing special and felt like I was in an empty half built cafeteria (there must have been only 3 tables that were occupied in the carnivorous space) devoid of any character.  There wasn't even any music, which made the space errily silent.  I did not feel comfortable at all.The menu looked rather uninspiring, and after hearing all of the disappointing reviews here on Yelp, I was happy that I didn't take a chance eating here.Tiny portions and a typical tab of $500+ on top of that would have made me really angry.  I have had excellent shabu from other restaurants with much livelier atmosphere, satisfying portions and personable service for a tenth of the price here.Seeing how expensive the restaurant must have costed to build and the near empty dining room on a typically busy restaurant night, I can't see this restaurant surviving much longer.Luckily I went to Julian Serrano nearby and had an excellent dinner.
4	I've been to Bar Masa and Masa in NYC and I'm happy to have Bar Masa here in Vegas where the food is just as tasty as in NYC.  Yes, its expensive.  But it is sooooo good!We started off with the kobe beef skewers and sizzling octopus.  Both extremely good.  The sauce with the sizzling octopus is excellent and I would have sopped it up with rice if I could have without looking unseemly.  The kobe beef just melts in your mouth.  It was cooked perfectly.After that, we had the kanpachi jalapeno & spicy potato sotomaki roll.  Excellent, but they also do this dish as an appetizer which has the same flavors and is a little better because the rice in the sushi roll kind of gets in the way of the flavors.  We had the appetizer version in Bar Masa NYC and I highly recommend it.  We also had the salmon and aji nigiri.  Very tasty and fresh.  The wasabi is also super fresh, making the sushi taste even better. I can confirm that nigiri is sold by the piece so don't be surprised.  But the server will likely remind you of this.  I don't think the pieces are small, like another reviewer said.  They are normal size.  I think portion sizes in some restaurants are crazy large and people use that for comparison which is inappropriate.  Cheesecake Factory is not the norm to which compare all other restaurants for portion size, boys and girls.  We also got the Toro Toro roll which is soooo good and worth the $68 bucks, I think.  Lots of toro, melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend it.  We also got the grilled maitake mushroom with black truffle.  It normally comes with white truffle but they were out.  Very tasty!  I'm not a fan of grilled rolls but this one was quite good and different from what we usually get.For dessert, we got the soba ice cream and black truffle ice cream.  The soba ice cream was excellent.  Not too sweet with crunchy pieces of toasted buckwheat. The black truffle ice cream was so so.Which brings me to my two issues with this restaurant.  First, the tables are tiny and some of the plates that the food is served on are huge.  It makes for an awkward experience, especially in a restaurant like this where you know people are going to order a bunch of stuff and share. Plus, the servers are constantly hovering trying to clear asap to make room for the next dish, which gets kind of annoying.  Make the tables bigger or the serving plates smaller.  The food would fit on smaller plates... the large plates are just for presentation.  Second, they don't have a dessert menu.  The servers just rattle off the ice cream flavors they have.  But like M.K.'s experience in Shaboo, we kind of got screwed by the ice cream which may not have happened if there was a printed dessert menu.  Soba ice cream, $7.  Black truffle ice cream, $68.  1 scoop.  With black truffle and gold leaf on it, mind you, but still.  Now, I should have realized that black truffle anything is not cheap and maybe I should have asked the price before giving into my odd ice cream flavors obsession (I LOVE olive oil ice cream!).  But I think I would have thought it through a little more if I saw the $68 price.  The black truffle flavor is really muted when frozen so its not the best ice cream concept in the world.  So this was my least favorite dish and my husband and I both agreed that we would rather have had another toro toro roll instead.Overall, very yummy food, great service.  I like the atmosphere, very clean and airy.  And there is music!  I don't know why one reviewer couldn't hear it.  I can't give it 5 stars for the reasons above, but I will definitely be back and hope Bar Masa stays through this crappy recession so I don't have to pine for Bar Masa in NYC.  Now if we can only get a David Chang restaurant here with the pork buns I would never need to leave Vegas again.
1	The four of us went to Bar Masa for dinner last night and it was a massive disappointment. The food was awful and in ridiculously small portions. I ordered the seafood and vegetable tempura for $28. It was 3 small and soggy shrimp, a single mushroom, 2 small pieces of fish, and would you believe they fried up a LEAF? It's like adding insult to injury! It didn't come with rice so I had to order it on the side. It was the tiniest clump of rice I have ever been served. We were expecting a great meal for such high prices. We left hungry and felt like we got scammed for a pricey meal. I would never go back and would not recommend this place.
1	Ok - now perhaps more than many other people I totally understand the concept of extremely high quality food over quantity. After all, I'm not going to a restaurant like BarMasa to "tank up." But that said, I feel that BarMasa reaches a level of absurdity in the portion sizes. The Octopus dish, as an example was particularly funny. We ordered one for a table of 6 amongst other things. No word from the waiter that this seriously was prob a 1 inch piece of Octopus cut up in little pieces. Now it was well seasoned and I enjoyed, but COME ON - Octopus isn't even that expensive. The Kobe skewers were good, but when our party of 6 asked if we could get an addt'l skewer instead of the normal 5 this was not allowed. We offered to pay the difference and this seemed absurd to all of us. I could go on here - just a shocking waste of money honestly. There are tons of amazing foodie choices in Vegas and I just feel you are going here if you want to drop stupid amounts of cash with nothing to say for it afterwards. The service was the saving grace - great wait-staff that seemed to know the problems with the restaurant and help us through the experience. Avoid.
1	My husband, his brother and their dad went to Las Vegas this past wkend for March Madness.  My husband is to lazy to write a review so label me as his secretary.  This place was a high end robbery.  According to husband.  They ordered Uni sushi, seared wagyu sushi and a yellowtail sashimi nigiri.  The size was so small they had to laugh.  The yellowtail was $12 for 1 mind you 1 piece of sushi.  It's half the size of what you would get elsewhere, but most places gives you 2 pieces of sushi, not 1 piece.  The length of the yellowtail sashimi was approximately 1 1/2 in. long and approx. 1/2 wide.  All their sushi is 1 piece only.Hubby and Dad had garlic soy wagyu steak which only had  8 thin slices.  This should have been on the appetizer menu not the dinner menu.  The cost for this dish was $68 each.  The miso soup was  ala carte and was served in a tiny bowl, don't know what was in it since Dad had it and the cost for the soup was $12.  Brother had sukiyaki.  He said it was good but not for dinner just a teaser.All the entres' are appetizer portions, so beware if you go.Over all this was a sad experience, everyone left hungry with a tab of $400 for their experience.Hubby had to get something else to eat elsewhere.There are lots of other upscale restaurants that give you  more bang for your bucks.We don't think this place will survive unless they change their portions for their prices.Service all right, hardly anyone was in there.  Maybe too scared?  It's like playing a "cold no pay out" slot machine that leaves you hanging with an empty stomach.
4	I actually like this place: Only because of the attentive staff and the dishes were quite tasty! The ambiance is Terrible.If you Love to eat...knowledgeable and particular about your Foods, and looking for that exclusive dining service- you will probably like it here.The shaboo is an 11 course meal. You have a server all to yourself, cleaning up after you and bringing out each dish. Each dish is very small: There are different sashimi dishes, caviar, Kobe beef, and my Favorite- Foie Gras...! Tasty little dishes that melt right in your mouth!This restaurant is not very romantic or Fun because it is lacks warmth and people. It IS expensive as you are paying for the experience and the grade A fish and meats...But, when in Vegas- once is enough. =)
4	OK I am not sure if you should eat here unless you have experienced Masa or Bar Masa in New York.  Prices are high and this is not the place to order your crazy roll with 5 items stuffed into it.If you want sashimi or sushi you will get what you pay for, top quality, fresh, tasty, excellent sushi.  Some of the side dishes were very good.  Get the Toro Toro roll which is just what is says, a roll with delicious toro in it, nothing more.  This is not your average sushi joint.  High end, expensive, and good.I have dined at the establishment in New York and this rates up there with them.  I ate at the bar, not at a table.  Best service this way.  Very nice selection of Sake here also.Do not go here looking for a typical sushi experience.
1	Eek! doesn't quite put the enough emphasis on just how bad this place really is. I am also quite shocked to see how my fellow yelpers could rate this place with any more than 2 stars. The boyfriend and I along with the buds came here to eat after not being able to decide on a place and we were running out time since there was soo much do in while in Vegas. I was connected to the restaurant from room service since we were staying in Aria. I wanted to see if I can get us a table for that evening since the gang was planning on eating within the hour. I should've known when the hostess told me that a reservation as last minute as ours was not needed and we can just walk in whenever that this was a bad idea. So after getting ready, we strolled downstairs and was promptly greeting and seated probably only because the hostess were bored our of their minds. I was not visually wowed by this place at all. For being a restaurant inside Aria, I had higher expectations for the atmosphere and interior design for Bar Masa, have you seen Aria-nothing like it! It looked like a airport cafeteria. It had such a big and open space but the colors and furnitures were soo bland and boring. They used a lot of different shades of whites/off whites, brown, and dark gray. We looked at the menu, yes some of the items listed were a bit pricier but we thought since it's Vegas, it might be the norm as well as being chef Masa. Oh how naive I was. The food was terrible. We ordered a spicy tuna roll, a yellow-tail roll, Kobe beef fried rice, and a mushroom udon soup. Not only was the food we order expensive, the portions tiny, and it made us very sick. The rolls were decent but way over-priced for 5 pieces each roll. The Kobe beef fried rice was like an average bowl of fried rice. We couldn't tell if it was just regular beef or actual Kobe since it was ground up and very little of it. It was more like fried rice with onions and rice that tasted like butter and soy sauce. The udon was horrible. The broth they used was bland and was just disgusting. I couldn't believe this was the food being put out by chef Masa. It just looked plain. No visual presentation either. The atmosphere and the food is comparable to fast food-Japanese style. The waitress however was very friendly. She's from China and chatted us up like immigrating from there and her life now. I think our waitress was the only highlight for our night there.
1	I had omakase style dinner at Shaboo inside Bar Masa and it was the worst one I've ever had. There were four of us dining and our bill was a WHOPPING $1100 and all we had was Sapporo for our drinks. Thank God the whole thing was comped by the casino. I just think we wasted our comps at this place. We could've gone to Craftsteak at MGM instead.The first course was Kanpachi and it was ok. 2nd course was the Toro Tartare with Caviar and some toast...this was the only delicious thing they have. 3rd course was smoked tuna with seaweed..so so. Then it got worse... shabu shabu with scallop and lobster then more shabu shabu with wagyu beef then their homemade version of RAMEN! Basically 4th to 6th course was souped base. Who serves soup in an Omakase style dinner? It's supposed to be about the Sushi!!!!I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy....Horrible!!!Only good thing about this place is the service
3	All in all, my experience at Bar Masa was wonderful.  I was a bit skeptical at first, having heard mixed reviews from other diners.  The food was amazing.  Not anywhere else on the strip would I have been able to enjoy some of the rare selection of fish flown in from Japan, so that was a real treat.  The ambience and space was very different than I expected, very modern but a bit cold and uninviting.  I had envisioned something more intimate.  So we decided to enjoy our dinner at the bar.  (There was no sushi bar..) On to the food...Akamutsu, grated daikon, yuzu ponzu - the citrus brought out the           sweetness of the buttery snapperYuba Sashimi - I love anything yuba. Simple and deliciousShrimp and Hotate Ceviche - refreshing clean interpretation of cevicheShirauo Tobanyaki - icefish sizzling with anchovies, garlic, and a             squeeze of lime... really goodKinmeDai, Shima-aji, Tako w/ truffle oil  Nigiri - the cut, the rice, and             the perfect bite size The Sake...Thank you to sommelier Jeffrey for guiding us through our tasting of  premium sake.  I really enjoyed your presence and knowledge of each sake and its stories. TAKASAGO "Ginga Shizuku" - beautiful style of sake. clean. delicate.FUKUCHO "Moon on the Water" - fragrant aromas of tropical ripe fruit                                                             bold. intense. elegant finish.                                                             so expressive and multi-layered.                                                              loved it. KAMOTSURU "Sokaku" - Wow. From the fancy label to the rich flavor.                                              Definitely fit for a king.  Amazing with food.KIKUSAKARI "Kura kagami" - Tokubetsu Daiginjo. Such a treat. Silky                                                         and perfectly balanced.Much of the plateware or yaki-mono was handcrafted by Chef Masa Takayama himself, with a his name stamped on the back of each dish. Simply calling them "dishes" would not do justice to these exquisite pieces of art. Such a wonderful expression of Japanese culture.   I just wish the staff took the time to explain some of these little details to their guests.  Bar Masa may be pricey but there is no compromise in the quality and is quite a bargain compared to having a blowout dinner at Shaboo, nextdoor.  The food was exceptional, the presentation was a work of art, but the ambience threw me off. There was a certain imbalance about it all. I can't really explain it in words.  Definitely worth it.  Make sure to keep your eyes open to the rare delicacies and details that make Bar Masa very special.  If you like soba (buckwheat) at all, try the Soba Ice Cream.
3	The place itself is really nice. They spent a lot of money building this place, since it is in the new casino Aria. The food was good for the most part, but their toro sashimi pieces were really small...  but really good... Everything here was way overpriced, and it wasn't anything really special like Masa in NYC is supposed to be. There are much better sushi places in LV, like NAKED FISH!!
1	perfect word that comes to mind for this restaurant is totally "OVERRATED"!!! I've never been to a restaurant categorized as fine dining to be this horrible from start to finish! stayed at ARIA couple of weeks ago for the wknd and wanted to dine inside the restaurant mainly due to convenience. saw this beautiful lobby to the restaurant and looked at the menu...i think the uni risotto and foie gras was the decision maker for us to go here. got to the front to ask, first question: do we need to make reservations?, their response was "it's highly recommended" OK!! not even a "hello"! WTF! second question: do you have an opening for 8PM?, their response was "no, but what about 7:45PM. OK!! really??? third question: what's your next availability after 7:45PM, their response was "unfortunately, we do not have ANYTHING available" WOW!! so i'm thinking sure 745PM is good....get back to our room to relax a little then we hurry to get ready in order to make our reservation. I was very apologetic b/c we were 15 minutes late and the host takes us to our seats. WTF! the place is more then half empty!! Who are they kidding???? REALLY? You couldn't give me a later reservation?? OK, so we look at the menu and ordered the Uni Risotto with Black Trumpet Mushroom with Truffle, Peking Duck with Foie Gras in Moo-Shu Skin and couple of other items not even worth mentioning. Everything came in such small portions and it tasted like CRAP!! I also asked for a recommendation for sake and the waiter said the sparkling sake was really good. I warned him that I do not like sweet alcohol b/c most people just assume that girls like sweet drinks. The sparkling wine was sweet...yuck!! We literally stayed for 30 minutes which cost the 3 of us $300 and we ended up going to another restaurant right after b/c we were still hungry!! I wish I did my research before going here but we were in a hurry and didn't have time! This restaurant seriously needs a complete makeover to stay in business! GET IT TOGETHER!!
2	Probably 2.5 Stars.I usually do not factor in price to my reviews.  I try to concentrate on the experience itself and give a rating based on that alone.  I do that because I always am aware of the cost of my dining experiences and am willing to pay for what I get.  However, in the case of Bar Masa, I had such a case of sticker shock that I had to factor it in.  I stopped in late one night after a poker tournament and ordered some Sushi. Salmon, Eel and Hamachi.When my order arrived it was one small piece of each for $8.00 each.  They were all very good, but I was still hungry so I ordered the special Mushroom Roll. It was one of the best Rolls I have ever had.  Thin, seared beef outside and a mix of exotic Mushrooms inside.My food was good, but at almost $80 for three pieces of Sushi, one roll and one small carafe of Sake, it should have been amazing! Another thing that bothered me is that even though this is a Sushi Restaurant, there is no Sushi Bar.  As a frequent solo diner I  like being able to sit at the bar and interact with other customers and the Chef.Service was prompt and professional but rather stiff and stuffy.  They are a brand new restaurant, so they are obviously wheelchair accessible. Since Bar Charlie is closed, I was hoping Bar Masa could match it in terms of quality and value.  Unfortunately, my experience did not reach that level.
4	Got straight off the plane and stopped in to meet my friends who had ordered everything for me last minute, uni risotto was really good along with everything else I had. (Sorry I don't know the names, I didn't get to order)
1	I was out in Las Vegas this past weekend for my birthday and I was taken to this lovely restaurant as a special SUSHI treat for the birthdayyyy. :) This restaurant is tucked in one of Las Vegas's newest hotels, Aria. Once you enter Aria, you just walk straight pass the front desk and there is an entrance to an unmarked opening, which is Bar Masa.We were quickly greeted and seated in the dim lit restaurant. The restaurant is aesthetically amazing. The design of the whole restaurant is completely modern, however a bit cold... but of course, what do you expect from modern? We were given the choice to start off with tea, water or Fiji water, which I thought was neat. After we ordered, a lady came by and set up our table for us... poured us our soy sauce and everything.  Our meals were brought to us by the server carrying them in crate looking boxes? Different.I ordered the unagi roll with avocado and my company ordered a California roll, since they didn't know what else to get, lol. My unagi roll came in 5 pieces and was good. The California roll came in 6 pieces and made my date sick. We also ordered a calamari appetizer, which became inedible after a few bites.Our total: around $90 for two rolls, calamari appetizer and Fiji water.Definitely not worth it.
2	$300 per person omakase was not worth $300! We were served the list below:1. Unagi with cucumber and ginger - Very small portion, taste ok.2. Flounder sashimi - Good fish but overpowered with sauce on top.3. Caviar with Toro tartar - Caviar was good, but toro could've easily been tuna, didn't taste like toro.4. Seafood shabushabu - Good broth, good seafood. The best of the course.5. Wagu shabushabu - Bland broth, meat was well marbled but was sliced too thick to be in shabushabu.6. Strawberries with japanese tea - We're paying $300/person for this meal and were served plain strawberries for dessert. WTH?? I can only think of 2 reasoning. The chef is either 1) does NOT care of dessert, or 2) so full of himself that he thinks the main courses were so great that he doesn't want dessert to be too pronounced. Either way, bad judgement on serving plain strawberries.Right before we came here, we met someone at the casino that ate here the night before. He said it wasn't worth the money but we decided to give it a try anyway. He was right. Not worth your money. I heard American Fish is better, go there.
3	Wow!  What an experience eating at this restaurant was for me.  The menu might as well have been written in Japanese because the descriptions of the food were so hard to understand that the waiter had to explain everything to us.  I had the California Rolls.  They were excellent.  They were made with real crab meat instead of imitation crab and they were so fresh and so wonderfully tasty I could have eaten many more orders of them, but I decided to control myself.  When we were there on a Friday night around 9:00 PM there were a lot of empty tables.  It wasn't too crowded at all.  We were able to walk right in without a reservation.
2	I should've listened to the Yelp reviews! But...no! I thought maybe the reviewers just couldn't understand this kind of food...I was wrong! It wasn't that I had anything I would call 'terrible'. It was just that I couldn't find anything special about this place. It turned out to be the most expensive dinner I've ever had! We don't drink, so the bill consisted of nothing but food. At $350, we were still hungry when we left! I guess I'll just chalk it up to a learning experience..,
5	The food is very high quality and well prepared. I payed attention to the price range so I expected a large bill.  We ordered 2 rolls (shrimp tempura and alaskan king crab)...they were good. The salmon sashimi was great...very fresh.  The grilled cod was delicious. The Kobe beef skewers and kobe beef fried were excellent. The Kobe beef is tender and tasty.  I will eat here again. Next time I will order the Kobe beef steak (I believe it will be worth the cost).
1	My recommendation is to go elsewhere!!  What a complete disappointment this place was!  I was soooo excited about eating here, and you sort of expect it to be good given the prices and the fact that this restaurant is at the Aria!  I certainly don't mind dish out the cash for food, if it is good, but there was not one thing I ate that left a good impression.  We spent about $500 on food, total, that's not including tip.  And I left there still hungry.  Not only were the portions small, but the food itself had no taste.  We ordered Kobe Steak Yakisoba... sounds good right?!  Um, NO!  They used singapore noodles, which would've been okay if the dish had flavor.  It tasted like dry noodles.  And the "kobe steak,"  um, I think not.   We also ordered a Hamachi Kama dish.... fish head/collar.  The collar is supposed to be super meaty.  Well, at other Japanese restaurants it is.   The dish comes out and all it was was bones and eyeballs.  YUCK!  And then we also tried the sushi platter... um, yeah.  The nigiri sushi was miniature toy size.  Unbelievable.   Oh, okay, I take back what I said. There was one dish that I thought was "ok" in terms of taste. The agedashi tofu.  But you get three bite size tofu and the dish was $20.  Yep.... all in all.  A complete disappointment.  I guess we should've been tipped off being that it was a Saturday night and the place was EMPTY.  As far as decor, I thought it was cute and trendy.  But someone I was with said they felt like the decor reminded them of a cafeteria.  I sort of agree... stone floors, colored chairs, um yeah. So spend your money elsewhere!  I would've been happier eating at Del Taco!
2	Sometimes a setting can set you up to fail.The entrance is grand with its' enormous gates that make you feel like a Lilliputian.We actually wanted Shabu-Shabu at Shaboo inside Bar Masa, until the guy told us they only had a prefix menu at Shaboo at $300 per person, so my son and I decided to just go for sushi, after all my hubby wasn't with us to pay and I still needed to get my gamble on later.The ambiance is kind of a modern concrete and wood surreal with a hint of airey awkwardness, the service was pre-meditated snobby, with a twist of yes we are only a third full. They bring food out to the dining room in these half crates to give you a sense of freshly caught or arrived, I kinda liked it and hated it at the same time, the servers who brought them out had to helplessly stand around jerking their heads around until someone else could take the dishes off their crate trays.....stupid.The menu looks more interesting than it is. The sushi was also for Lilliputians, WTH?? If it was awesome quality I could almost understand, but it was just, fine. The sushi size was about half a pinky, I shit you not.If quality food dictates a price, people will still embrace it. Too bad this Bar Masa isn't really about the quality or creativity of the deliciousness it legends in New York.
5	I've eaten in many, many sushi restaurants even in Tokyo and Shaboo in Bar Masa is exceptional.   It's expensive (all sushi is) but worth the experience.  Highly recommended.
2	$300 per person omakase shabu shabu? RIP OFFFFFFTotally over-rated. Our total tab for the night for 4 people came out to $2000 for 4 people.Course took WAYYYYY too long to come out.Best 2 courses were the Toro w/ Caviar and the seafood Shabu that I ate as sashimi.Was not told whether the Kobe was US kobe or original Kobe beef from Japan. I suspect it is US kobe, which is not real Kobe.$1200 for food for 4, $350 for bottle of Patron plus Tax for a total of $1650. Paid $2000 total only to be chased by the waitress who's new from NYC for not leaving her a tip.I guess she misread the total, but really, how dare her? WTF?
1	horrible. thank god it was comped dinner still it was not good at all
3	This place is Nobu expensive. If you are a real sushi lover, I would suggest going to Sen of Japan (Durango and W Desert Inn Rd.). The quality of fish here was good. I enjoyed their toro tartar caviar dish. They actually loaded it up with more caviar than toro. The grilled mushrooms with white truffle was good, although I would have preferred more truffle (it still was a good amount). I had a yuzu sorbet for dessert (tastes like a sweet lemon, kind of like frozen lemonade). I've been here before to their more private shabu shabu section. Where they serve a very expensive omakase. It was a great experience, but one of those things you try only once.
4	My husband and I went back to this restaurant as part of our continuing "foodie crawl" through Aria - third stop of the evening.  We sat at the bar, which was empty and ordered food and drinks.My husband got the Yuzu champagne ($18), which is Yuzu, rose water, and Argyle sparkling wine.  Pretty good but sweet.  I got the ginger shiso mojito ($15) which is rum, muddled ginger, and shiso leaf.  The ginger shiso mojito is kind of bland - no strong ginger flavor or shiso leaf flavor.  So I opted for the gingertini ($16) as my second drink, which was much better.  A much stronger ginger flavor.  They also serve a Wasabtini for $20, but it appears to be just vodka and wasabi. Not worth it, in my opinion, plus you better love wasabi.For food, we ordered the kanpachi jalapeno sotomaki roll ($24) which is a kanpachi tuna roll with spicy, fried julienne potatoes and jalapenos.  We've had this before and it's always tasty.  We also ordered the sushi tasting ($75) which took a while to come out for some reason.  The restaurant was pretty empty so I'm not sure why it took so long but the bartenders were really apologetic.  This comes with two toro nigiri and then a variety of single nigiri or rolls including akami, hamachi, hirame, sake, and aji.  About 12 pieces in all.  Very high quality sushi.  Smaller sizes than your average sushi restaurant but they make up for it with the quality of the fish.The soy sauce and wasabi is also very high quality and you can tell in the flavor.  Real wasabi, not made from a powder.  Big difference.The bartenders were friendly and chatted with us. They told us their sushi shipment got stuck in NYC with the weather so they did not have all the menu items.  They also showed us how they make wasabi.It's a fun restaurant but also a restaurant for people who really appreciate high quality sushi.  If you are really fond of AYCE in your average strip mall sushi restaurant, then this probably isn't the place for you.  But if you understand the difference between that and high quality sushi, and are willing to pay for the quality and service, then this restaurant is probably a good bet.
5	If you want the best Bar Masa is what you are looking for!   All of the food is so fresh.  Chef Masa takes great care of the pallet with wonderful flavor combinations.  If you you want to go for decadence try the white truffle ice cream.  Yum!!
2	I must agree with the low marks for Masa... Small portions artfully arranged at very high prices are not the least bit uncommon in Vegas, but Masa pushes the limit.   Extremely disappointing.  As stated, the portions (very small) are not compensated with exceptional quality. Quite the opposite. Mediocre fare at best.  Further the restaurant is vast with high ceilings.  Our party was just one of about 6 on a Thursday night. It was like a cold virtually empty tomb. I must say I've not had one stellar meal at Aria compared to other MGM properties, etc.    Try the new Blue Ribbon Sushi at Cosmopolitan ... amazing food, staff, in a more intimate setting. My two cents!
1	NO Way!!! This place is sooo overpriced it is ridiculous. Was staying at the Vdara and the person I was with wanted sushi. Wow bad decision. I wanted something simple. Make a boring story short. Here is the low down 1. So over priced. it is pretty funny how stupid the prices are 2. had the $75 sashimi plate. Yeah I paid that. My husband told me I was an idiot for doing that. I kind of agree with him. The sushi bites were tiny. The fish did not even taste that fresh which shocked me. I was still starving when i was finished. 3. Fish not even impressive. 4. Decor pretty much sucks as well. It is a god damn sushi joint but you would never know that until you looked at the menu. Very stark and modern but not warm and inviting at all. Lame. 5. Oh so a simple avacado roll was like $17.  Really!!!!  Good. 1. The jalapeno Martini- delicious but very spicy so it kind of killed the sushi tasting at one point. but it was good because it hid the not so super fresh tasting fish. Oh yeah for $75 it should be almost still alive. the service was good as well. Lame. Do not go unless you like wasting your money. Places like this make me hate hotel restaurants even more.
3	My friends and I always laugh when we remember our dinner here. The portions were soo tiny so we ended up going for a dinner # 2 next door LOL.... the food was really really good. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and food and had an amazing bottle of sake. Ambience and decor cool. The black cod was the highlight of the meal. It's good to try it out but not if you're hungry.
2	sushi tasting was ok.  ordred uni risotto, and rice wasnt cooked well...almost raw. will not go back.
2	OH MAN THE HYPE ON THIS JOINT!!!I was amped to come here. I love what he did with Ginza Sushi Ko in Beverly Hills and what he left behind -- a well taught sushi chef, Hiroyuki Urasawa.....and I knew what to expect with prices so I'm not going to reiterate the whole price point issue (that I agree with the majority on), but I never thought that this place would bend me over and do me like this?!Here's my fairy (nightmare) tale....Setting: a warehouse? Whatever, it was cool. But it seemed like they got first pick of the real estate and picked the wrong place after all was said and done, "Ya, the ceilings a bit tall...." Hey I thought the lighting was pretty neat. Cast: Friendly service. Knowledgeable front of the house staff. Server forgot our waters and only brought one soy dish for the two of us. That balanced things out on the wrong end for sure. Plot: I appreciate the plate presentation and the actual food quality. The ingredients and overall variety on the sushi menu is fabulous but I had to reason with this lasting impression on the bill ----- ----- $18.00 cocktail = $18.00 Age-dashi Tofu. FML Conclusion: $113 tab for an appetizer, six pieces of sushi, a cocktail and a glass of wine....  First time I have ever felt so financially sodomized. I am excited about their next door spot "Shaboo", and I am probably coming back.....It's like watching Mrs. Doubtfire over and again: it fucking sucks, and you know what's going to happen, but you still end up crying a little
1	The people who gave this place more than 2 stars must be on something. I will not pay $9 for miso soup, or $6 per sushi, or $75 for 13 pieces of sushi. I don't care how good the fish is. Also, the place is boring. I predict this place will only last 6 more months.
2	I'll preface the review by saying that Masa in NYC is one of my favorite restaurants.  I fully understand that, often enough, Vegas satellites tend to be only a shadow of their non-Vegas counterparts, but I was not prepared for the level of my disappointment at BARMASA.Even approaching the hostess desk at BARMASA I felt a sense of excitement (despite the incorrect signage in the Aria Casino directing you to "Masa"--I can now speculate on the story behind that).  That excitement immediately evaporated the second I turned the corner around the entryway and viewed the main dining area:  Certainly "consistent" (to put it as kindly as possible) with the rest of Aria's decor, but uninspiring and, frankly, gloomy.  Granted, it was 6pm on a Wednesday, so possibly the "vibe" of the restaurant was not at its peak, but I could not help but feel utterly deflated...and this was even before I thought about the food.Even though I was meeting up with a friend, I was first invited to dine at the bar.  I thought this could be a real treat--the "bar" area at Masa (where your food is prepared right in front of you) is an incredible experience, especially on top of the NYC restaurant's beautiful Japanese hinoki wood counter.  Not at BARMASA:  Their bar is just a plain, old uninspiring bar.  A little surprising for Vegas not to splurge on a highlight like a hinoki wood counter (even if it might be at the cost of the quality of the food).  I opted for a table--the host explaining how the bar overlooks the entire restaurant reminded me of a real estate agent trying to explain away a defect as a design feature.With respect to the food, all of the reviewers are spot-on in saying that it is overpriced.  I would be okay with the prices if the food was of matching quality, but this was not the case at BARMASA.  The Kobe Beef  and Garlic Fried Rice ($34) was rather pedestrian, and nothing about the dish appropriately highlighted the kobe beef.  The Nameko and Tofu Miso Soup was okay and a relative bargain at $9.  The Masa "Toro Toro" Roll ($48)--a slightly-on-the-large-side five-piece roll featuring the fatty Bluefin tuna--was a bland mess.  I would recommend instead just getting a $9 piece or two of toro from the a la carte menu.  There was very limited substance taste-wise to the Chicken Yakitori Skewers ($30).  The lone bright spot among the dishes we had was the Peking Duck with Foie Gras in Moo-Shu Skin ($26).  It was so good (and relatively small at just four pieces) that we got another one.  (This, sadly, should also give you a sense of the small portions you get for your money at BARMASA.)  In fact, the Peking Duck is the only thing that is saving BARMASA from getting a one-star review in my book.Service was good, although maybe a little lacking in attentiveness.  Do not expect a high level of service that you might expect when spending the same amount of money at another restaurant.
1	If you love dramatically over paying for sushi you'd better hurry to this spot........cause it won't be there for long. Absolutely the worst value for sushi I have ever paid......we should have walked out when we saw $45 toro roll (I don't care how special fish is supposed to be, it ain't worth $45). Cold sake on ice was warm, $34 for two chicken skewers, room temp mushrooms, just a real disappointment. To top it off we complained to Aria management who had the BarMasa manager contact us....she asked us to come by and all she did was ask us a lot of questions. (thanks for wasting our vacation time) I felt like we were some kind of 2 person focus group.  Bye bye BarMasa!
2	So If I was writing on the food alone I would probably give it a 3 stars maybe even a four if the cost was less. However, for the cost of this place I would definetely go somewhere else.  Based upon a review of a certain white suited self proclaimed food critic in town we went here.  We got the $120 Omakase menu. First off, the decor I thought was nice over all but not what I was looing for. The front door was impressive but inside the place was a bit trendy, which I could appreciate but I was really looking for a nice classy dinner out not somewhere they are playing pop music in the background. That alone though I wouldn't knock down a star for. But the service was lacking. We had to ask multiple times for the water glass to be refilled. I had to ask twice for the sake menu and that was after waiting awhile the first time. The busser kept trying to take my plate while there was still food on it and I was still eating. One of the courses he brought out while my husband was still in the bathroom, he mumbles off what it was ... couldn't understand him for the life of me and when I tried to ask what he said he quickly wandered off.  For the life of me I kept thinking he said it was some sort of tongue but then after trying it I figured out it was cod. The servers that work here have mastered the art of not making eye contact and thus making poor service even worse. I truly felt like flailing my arms about to try and be noticed for more water. Ok on to the food, I will say out of the ten courses a few of them were excellent. They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle. However, the presentation was nothing out of the ordinary and neither was the sushi if which I had one piece of red snapper, squid, toro and blue fin tuna.  For having ten crouses and spending close to $150 a person we left hungry and ended up hitting up Roberto's on the way home. All in all I was disappointed. Based upon the cost and the experience I would definetely try elsewhere and as for the emphatic recommendation from the white suited self proclaimed food critic from now on his recommendations will only be given the weight it deserves.... after researching yelp!
1	Huge disappointment. I was so excited to try this restaurant while on a work trip. I dragged my two colleagues with me and couldnt wait to try the food. We got a bottle of wine, which took 40 minutes to be delivered. Apparently they were out in the cellar and had to get it elsewhere. They did not bring us any drinks in the meantime. Our dinner was actually delivered before we got our wine. Once the wine actually came, there was no compensation for the inconvenience at all. There was barely an apology.The food was whatever, nothing great, small portions, and for the price- an enormous rip off.
1	Nothing here compared to Nobu or Raku and all the presentations had a lack of imagination with little attention to plating or presentation.  We had the $120 omakase offering, which was worth maybe half the price becuase there was a notable freshness to the fish.  At this price point, I would at least expect professional service.  No!  Even with the far under capacity dining room, the bus boy served some of the courses with no knowledge or explanation of the preparation and I had to wait, and then beg, for water refills and to order sake.  I don't see Masa lasting very long when nothing here compells a return visit.
3	A few infos first:- read all reviews before went there- therefor expectations were quite low- it was on company expenses ;-)In contrast to all other reviews I tend to give here "3 stars".Asking why?- service was really attentive- waiters recommend on food and drinks- they delivered nice starters- perfect and quality wise perfect main course- adding water and other drinks as needed- consulting for desserts and deliver quality stuffOK - on the bill there where a couple of hundert dollars.But it was at least worth half the price ;-))So - go there only, if:- you are not hungry- honor good quality- have enough dollars in your pockets
1	This is the worst thing Aria has to offer.  Over priced and the servings are super ridiculous.  The food isn't even worth the money you pay.  I visited with 3 other friends and we ALL left hungry after a bill that was over $200.00, we ended up at Blossoms(fantastic food, great price).   Highly Highly disappointed at Barmasa :0(
2	Getting caught up on my yelp posting.  I always get behind when I take a trip and Vegas always leads to lots of new places.  We were staying at Aria on the trip so wanted to give the different restaurants a try.  Being big fans of Asian food this was most definitely on the list.First I really did enjoy the meal.  The service was really great and we had some good times talking to our server.  We were headed to a 7PM show so we got there before the everyone else.  The room itself is really to big for my tastes.  It is a massive room and some could say it feels like an airport terminal in size.  I prefer my sushi in a much more cozy setting.  The other negative was the price point.  This place is way expensive.  In my mind I always have to add a $ to everything in Vegas but this one really went over the top.  Those two items forced me to knock this down the stars down.The food was really good.  The sushi was very fresh and had a great presentation.  We tried a number of different items and enjoyed all the flavors.  I will say you will get a good meal but the price point just throws this off the curve.
1	WASTE OF MONEY!!! Don't be woo'd by the three Michelin starts. The food was mediocre at best and the portions were tiny. The service was good enough, but even our waiter didn't seem to be too excited by the menu when we asked for recommendations on specific dishes. You would be better off throwing all you money on the green zero at a roulette table. At least then you would know you were throwing your money away.
5	I'm sad this place is getting such bad reviews, because I LOVED my experience here. The restaurant is very modern with a super high ceiling so it feels very open. I loved the feel but my mom preferred a more intimate setting such as the vibe at Sage.I took my mom here and we ordered: toro tartare, chicken karaage, sweet shrimp and uni roll, and a wagyu garlic fried rice. (my mom and I can put it away!but then again the portions here are not big at all) everything wass really awesome and fresh! There wasn't any sauces that covered up any of the ingredients so you can really taste each thing and you know that there is quality in their stuff. The tartare was pricey($68) but the amount of caviar we got on it made it more than worth it. The chicken was super juicy, and the crispy skin was as good as pork rinds. Add a spritz of lemon and I was good to go. No mayo needed! The sweet shrimp and uni roll was something I've never seen before but I love both ingredients, and this roll did not disappoint, because their uni was that perfect balance of briney and sweet. Lastly the fried rice was muy bueno. The rice was fluffy and loose and most importantly not greasy! & The beef? Super tender! My mom wanted less green onions in it but I didn't mind one bit. IMO garlic/onion makes everything awesome!So far so good! Definitely going back to try the rest of the menu with a emptier belly! (Yes this place is $$$$$$ but I would SO spend my hard earned money here)
5	Modern Japanese cuisine expertly executed.  The chef shows the classic Japanese restraint when layering flavors.  Dishes are extremely well balanced.  Its not food designed to blow you away with a single bite but rather build with each successive bite. This is sexy food.Note:  Portions are small (think kaiseki).  Barmasa seems to be about the total appreciation of food; eating with all senses.  Everything, including the relaxed (slower) service and spacious contemporary interior support the total enjoyment of the food.  If this is not for you, skip this restaurant.From the current summer menu, top props go to the uni (sea urchin) risotto with summer truffle.  So incredibly rich and creamy.  Add the truffle for the extra kick.   The grilled, whole unagi with kabayaki sauce is a must try if you like eel.  Very clean tasting with just the right amount of fat to pair perfectly with the kabayaki sauce.  Finally, although not Japanese, the Peking duck with foie gras is to die for.  Again, it's the flavor and richness from the foie that elevates the dish.About the sushi, like most high end Japanese restaurants, you only get one (1) piece of fish with each order.  Most of the fish is from Japan but unless you are a true connoisseur, you will probably not be able to tell the difference between hamachi from Kyushu or the waters of the central Pacific.  Save a bit and stick to the creative rolls.  The Alaskan king crab Cali roll with tobiko or for something very different and ultimately delicious, the wagyu beef with truffle.  Good eats for sure.The wine / sake list is very good.  Prices are in line with other restaurants of this caliber.
1	Barmasa by Michelin 3 Star Chef Masa Takayama.  Well...I guess that only applies to Masa in New York.  Me and my wife spent $400 on dinner and we weren't even full.  That's crazy isn't it?  Not only that, food was nothing great for what it is! Atmosphere is great, restaurant was very beautiful in and out.  When we walked in, I sweat I told my wife "Oh man I am soooooo excited for this.  3 star chef owned Japanese Restaurant?? YES!!." oh man was I wrong.  Don't let the Restaurant by Michelin 3 Star Chef fool you.  It is nothing but disappointment.
3	Went here with my GF for dinner to try out a Masa restaurant.  Very big, modern space which definitely does not make you feel cramped.  Servers were very friendly and helpful.  Food was above average but overpiced.  Portions were also not generous.  You can easily/quickly spend over $150 for two just to be full.  Definitely a splurge type of dining experience
3	Started with the watercress salad and great different flavor.  Had the 13 piece sampler, and a roll and some meats. All foods had great tastes but more than I would normally spend. Also had a couple drinks. Portions were small for the price but if more concerned about different or flavor, this is the place. My bud and I spent $260 for 2 and left a little hungry.
3	The venue was definitely the highlight of this place. I love the entrance. It kind of looks look a hotel lobby with a ton of character. The whole restaurant itself had a contemporary Asian look which was interesting.We ordered quite a bit of food, but were still hungry afterwards. The prices were extremely high and the portions were small. The waiter did warn us that they were tapas. We had a few rolls. A few that stood out were the yellowtail with scallions and the salmon roll. They were both so delicious that we ordered more of each roll. It was demonstrable the fish was fresh and of good quality, which was then confirmed by the waiter, that the fish has been dead for less than 48 hours.  Other than the sushi, we also tried the lamb and chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were a joke. I understand they are tapas, but putting chicken on a toothpick and pretending it is a skewer is a tease. The shredded lamb (I don't recall the actual name of the dish) was bland. It lacked a certain ingredient which I couldn't figure out what.The experience and food was nice, but nothing too exciting.
3	Only giving three stars because this place was so expensive with very small portions of food. However, the food was amazing! The atmosphere was really cool. My bf called our dinner a snack, lol. This place is more tapas style for a high price. I would go back, but only if I had money to throw away, considering the portion sizes.
2	Tucked away on the side of Aria (too bad not completely hidden out of sight) is this place. New, modern, industrial-styled restaurant which follows the theme of City Center nicely. That is where the impressiveness ends. Once seated you get a menu that offers a variety of rolls and sashimi. I should have left when I saw the ridiculous prices of 1 vs. 2 pieces of sashimi ($10-20 vs $30-40!?!?!!)!Typically I don't mind paying for great food and a great experience which is what i thought i was going to get when I ordered the Chef's Tasting menu ($100/person). Yes, the food was good but the value left me hungry a half hour after I left. I can't even remember what I had because it was all eaten in about 10 bites...you're better off going to cosmo and getting 2 slices of pizza for 10 bucks that's going to at least leave you satisfied. I am mostly mad at myself for trying this place on a whim and not consulting with Yelp beforehand. Thats the last time I try to be adventurous (probably not but you know what I mean). The quality of food and service can be had elsewhere for a fifth of the price, I dont care if it is on the glorified strip and in a glorified hotel, you have to be wiping with benjamin's to eat at this place.
2	This place has good food - fist tastes fresh, dishes are innovative.  BUT it is completely OVERPRICED, and that is why I am only giving this place 2 stars.  The portions are extremely small, but super pricey.  I am a petite Asian girl, and even I was still hungry after spending $379 (for 3 people) on the meal.  Even though the food was tasty, it simply did not justify the price.However, if you insist on coming here, I recommend these dishes:Peking duck with foie gras in moo-shu skin - $26 (for 4 bite-size pieces)Wagyu beef tataki/with truffle - $48/$68Sweet shrimp with scallop ceviche - $22Again - keep in mind that these dishes are SMALL - most are made to be shared b/t 2 people (3 people max).
4	I always feel kind of sorry for the plight of good sushi places in America.  Even back home in the San Francisco Bay area, no matter how masterful the sushi chef, no matter how recently the exotic seafood was flown in from Tsukiji, no matter how inexplicable the characters on the menu posted on the window, no matter how high the prices are, somebody is going to walk in the door, ask for a california roll to go, and complain about the price.Bar Masa is a beautifully huge space in a brand new Las Vegas casino.  It's impressive what they're trying to do here, but it is also perhaps doomed to failure ... not so much because folks here don't regularly drop large amounts of money on good food, but because the generalized expectation of sushi in the USA is still that of a lower quality product, still considered one of the more expensive options for dinner.  To expect to fill such a large space night after night with folks who understand and seek out high quality Japanese cuisine with the willingness to pay for it is perhaps overly optimistic.So - what do we have here?  Some of the best, most carefully prepared fish I've had in a long time.  A decent bar with a good sake selection.  Some interesting rolls, cooked dishes and combinations.  A lot of fatty tuna belly - something often reserved for a single piece of sushi topping off a great meal is sprinkled around liberally.  It's possibly to easily spend several hundred dollars a person here without really trying ... but knowing the ingredients, that is not surprising.We sampled most parts of the the menu, except maybe the fried section - the food was generally among the best in its category.  Uni risotto is rightly famous.  The nigiri sampler is a good deal and quite interesting ( and since the sushi chefs are tucked away somewhere else, you can share the individual pieces without risking wrath from above ).  I think that the raw fish dishes are the best thing here by far, but I just like good, high quality raw fish.Service, though not always the quickest, seemed to us friendly, accommodating, and well able to adjust to customers of different goals and expectations.  The inexperienced table beside us sent back some toro because it was too strong tasting; maybe just not what they expected.  I was surprised that they were accommodated.I liked the food here a lot - the best Japanese food we've had in Las Vegas by a long shot, and surprisingly not as far below someplace like Urawasa in LA as you might expect.  The experience in a vast space rather than a cozy sushi bar is quite a different one, but the quality of food has withstood the transition remarkably well.  Four stars, not five, because it's difficult to pay this much for an experience that in the end is much less personal than one could get elsewhere.  No reflection on the quality of the food.In the end, I'm just not sure that the demand for this sort of cuisine is going to be enough for the restaurant to survive in this form ... but while it is here, if you are ready to pay for really good sushi, this is *the* place to go.
3	We were looking for a lighter fare than our original reservations at CraftSteak, so we opted for Barmasa, despite the crappy reviews it's gotten on Yelp. I wish that I could pretty much copy and pasts Albert H.'s review of the restaurant, especially the first paragraph.  Those very reasons are why we decided to try the restaurant.Some of the best cuts of sushi that we've ever had. It was delicious.  Yes, quite pricey - but worth it for the quality of food that we received. I got the Wasabicress Salad and the Sashimi Sampler.  My husband got various types of sushi and the daikon / granny smith salad.  All seemed perfectly crafted.  The toro and the buri melted in our mouths.The reason why it got dinged two stars is because of the time it took to get our food.  I saw the various reviews about the slow service and will echo it.  Our server, Mike, was great and the blame was definitely not on him.  The delay seemed to be with the kitchen.  There was a 20 something person group that had arrived about 30 minutes before us and that was likely causing the delay. They were greatly not prepared for it and all the other patrons in the restaurant suffered.  It took almost 30 minutes to get our first dish, and it came out in a weird order.  My husband got all of his food before any of mine came out (even though I had sashimi and he had sushi).
4	The only reason I would return to Aria.
1	So disappointing. Food wasn't even 'just ok'. In a city of great restaurants this one isn't even acceptable. Don't waste your time on bad food at three times the cost of much better places.
1	I couldn't believe how expensive this was for what we received. We go the sushi tasting menu...it was the most plain sushi I have ever eaten. A piece of sashimi over rice is fine but not for all of the pieces in the tasting menu. I guess I prefer hole in the wall sushi where they actually care about the sushi rather than catering to rich people.
4	I was on a week long vacation on the strip and this is one of the first restaurants I wandered into and tried.  Let me preface this by saying that you need money to dine here, but I think its so worth it.The ambiance is great and the service is excellent.  The menu is on the pricey side and the portions are small, but this is to be expected for a high-end restaurant on the strip.  With that said, I absolutely loved my experience at Bar Masa.I highly recommend the Peking Duck with Foie Gras! Amazing! They come in 4 little taco-like servings, but are absolutely a party in your mouth!  Amongst the other dishes we tried, the Peking Duck was the shining star.  We also tried their granny smith/jicama/nori salad which at first sounded like a weird combo but was surprisingly amazing!If you have the money to spend, I recommend! I would definitely come here again!
1	I agree with previews posters who said the place is overpriced - expensive, tiny portions which do  not taste all that great. I do not mind paying a lot of money for great food but what they serve is not worth the $$ they charge for it at all.  I would not go back anyway but on top of it, I got food poisoning there. I threw up eight times several hours after eating there. My husband  tried to reported it to them. The restaurant was closed at the time when he called and they did not even bother to call back. Bad experience on every level, except the service was OK!
4	I knew that going to Bar Masa during restaurant week would be my one shot to eat there (though the $49 early menu is there all the time, just found that out!)My friend Susan D. and I made reservations for Saturday night at 7 PM.  Sporting my brand new crazily blingy sparkly new shoes, I trounced through Aria with anticipation.  We were escorted by our beaus, who trotted off to the Aria buffet while we went in search of opulence.We were seated in this stunning restaurant, with lights hanging from the ceiling and red accents everywhere.  Our server was Chase.  I started off with a Jalapeno Ja cocktail (house made jalepeno vodka with lime and muddled cucumber, garnish: 2 slices of Persian cucumber on a toothpick) and Susan opted for the Kyoto Cheers (soju, lychee, pomengranate).Our 3 course meal: we both started off with tuna-yellowtail ceviche (normally $28 on the menu!), then each got the 10 piece sushi sampler at Chase's recommendation (over $70 if ordered a la carte), and then for dessert Susan ordered the miso creme brulee and I ordered the yuzu sorbet.The ceviche: cubed maguro and hamachi, grated daikon, fresh snipped chives, tiny diced raw jalepeno with a yuzu-esque sauce.  Scrumptious!Our chef's choice sushi: 2 pieces of chu-toro, 2 pieces hamachi belly, 2 pieces of tai, 2 pieces nama sake, and 2 pieces amaebi (no heads).  Someone had a heavy hand with wasabi on the fish (okay to Susan, a bit too much for me).  The toro was a surprise for this type of menu.  Tai was too tough.  Amaebi was something special.  A very nice chef's choice for sure.We ordered a few things off the menu before getting to dessert (so yes, this did not end up as just $50 per person!) - Susan ordered the peking duck and foie gras fried rice - I tried it and it was very tasty.  I got one piece saba (smoky, unusual flavor), one piece anago (sea eel, hard to find but nothing exciting), and uni (small but very fresh and flavorful - POW in my mouth!).Then, Susan peer pressured me into another cocktail!  Still thinking of my gal Jaime W. and our spicy drink pursuits, I went for spicy drink #2 with Bacardi O, yuzu juice, fresh mint and floating shichimi togarashi pepper flakes.  Finally we made it to dessert.  Her miso creme brulee was very tasty, but my yuzu sorbet (which actually was more like a granita) was outstanding, bright citrus-y with a sprinkle of mint.  Overall, great food and service - big plus to the generous offerings for restaurant week and getting about 55% off the price of what we had.  Now that I spent on myself what it would cost 4 people at Blue Fin, it is back to my joint after this!
5	Outstanding Japanese food! We went for the several courses meal offered by the chef and every one of them was incredibly elegant and tasty. Toro with caviar, lobster salad, sushi so good I can't describe it, BLACK truffle, in house made tofu, duck and much more, all of it like I said too good to put in words. Very details oriented cuisine. For dessert we had a very good creme brulee and soba (buckwheat) ice cream. Pricey but very worth it, about $900 for 2 people.  Oh, and of course don't miss the sparkling sake. If your idea of japanese food is makino save yourself a bunch and don't go.
3	This wasn't m favorite place. We came on a Thursday night and it was pretty empty. The room is enormous and has a very stark, non-cozy feel to it.  We were seated in the back.  The food was good, but nothing remarkable.  The location in New York is far superior.  We ordered a large selection of sashimi, sushi and other japanese dishes.  Service was good, but I just wasn't wowed.
1	First of all... too modern of a japanese restaurant. Most of the clientele are hip caucasian people.a true japanese restaurant would serve you hot tea or Ocha as soon as you sit down. But here you have to ask for tea, water or others.Our waiter was a little arrogant. He seems put off by the fact that we don't drink.. nor care to drink.we ordered the Sashimi tasting menu $85 for 21 pieces. Sushi tasting with 13 pieces and 6 rolls. And Kobe Steak with Soy Garlic.We were.. still hungry... eventhough the total bill was $298!!!!!!not worth coming at all!!!
2	We stopped by Masa for some sushi before our flight back to LA. After browsing the menu and seeing the extravagant prices, we decided to still treat ourselves to one last meal and give it a try. First off, I was thrown back by the cold ambiance. I think they were trying to go for a modern look but I saw more of a corporate-cafeteria decor, maybe how Google's cafeteria would look?I ordered the Sushi sampler for 75$ which came with about 12 pieces of chef's choice sushi, 3 piece tuna roll, 3 piece cucumber roll. The friendly waiter (the only thing good about this restaurant was friendly service) had bragged that all the sushi was flown in exclusively from Japan. And yes, it did end up tasting like it came from across the world, on a row boat with no proper refrigeration. The sushi quality was just about as good as one you'd find at a Sushi restaurant that sells 10$ bento box specials.Blah, scarfed down. Left, was still hungry.. and later had the gross bad-fish taste in my mouth until I washed it down with some airport sandwich.
1	Despite the questionable reviews, I really wanted to like BarMasa. The restaurant has a grand reputation back at home base in New York, but the Vegas location does not deliver.The food at Masa was good. Not great, not exciting, just good. For a check to come out to $180 for 2 people and , even at a high end restaurant, and only provide so little satisfaction,  is simply unacceptable.Between myself and my dad, we had chicken yakitori, shrimp fried rice, wagyu beef fried rice, and a piece of o-toro for myself (I can never resist)The chicken was ok, but incredibly small pieces on the skewers.  4 times more expensive than the next most expensive yakitori i've ever ordered, and i've had a lot of yakitori in my day.The rice dishes were ok, but not particularly better than what i'd eat an any local chinese takeout in any town in america.The toro was delicious, as toro should be. That being said, even in a fine Tokyo establishment they have given me at least a larger piece that the minuscule morsel at Masa.As for the atmosphere, it's a nice place, it really is. between the high ceilings, minimalistic interior, and low seating, the openness of the place felt off for a restaurant though. Kind of like an airport terminal. There is plenty of Japanese food to be found in Las Vegas, and it's sure to be cheaper and better. There is absolutely no reason to choose BarMasa.
1	I wish I would have looked this place up on Yelp before I sat down to eat here.  The food was ok, but so small I was so hungry after I finished I went and had a real dinner elsewhere after i spent a fortune at barMASA.  The sushi pieces were about 1/3 of the size of a normal sushi piece.  A complete rip off.  There are soooo many better places to eat in Las Vegas.  I would highly recommend Sushi Samba at the Venetian Shops, worth the taxi or walk vs. barMASA.
4	This place was really good.. I admit a bit cold with the decor and it was pretty empty at around 8pm when we ate, but I came for the food so that didn't matter too much.  The civeche was so so good here, the best I've had anywhere.  I literally wanted to pick the bowl up and drink the juice.  so good. I took the recommendation of our waiter for the drink, It just wasn't my thing.  The martini had spices floating in it so it was strong and spicy.  The waiter was really good though, very nice and full of good tips and recommendations. Yes it is very pricey. Overall it was definitely a highlight of the trip, just for the civechi alone.  I hope to make it back soon.
4	It's quite expensive but the toro is unreal........!!!! There isn't much of an atmosphere but the food is good. We ordered the seaweed salad and popcorn shrimp twice because it was just that delicious. Toro roll is really good (but super expensive!!) I would just go with the Toro sashimi...yum...drool!
1	I'm a huge fan of Japanese food, but this place really, ugh, deserves no stars.  Waaaaaay overpriced!!!  Sashimi is sooo thinly sliced with 4-6 pieces, and was not "fresh".  The waiter was not attentive at all.  You would think at a nice Restaurant like this, you'd get better quality food AND service, but nope.  Not here.  Will not go here again.
4	For the prices, everything should be exceptional, but it falls a little short. I can guarantee everybody would probably give this place a 5 star rating if they cut the prices on everything or doubled/tripled up on the portions. Bill, for just myself, $200!
5	Japanese is, at the time, my new favorite type of food. Many of these 1 star reviews complain about how small the portions were compared to how expensive it was. But, to be honest, that's just sushi/sashimi for you... and that's to be expected at a high end Japanese restaurant. The corn and summer truffles were yummy and refreshing. The wagyu beef fried rice was one of my mom's favorite's.  The dish that had the most amount of food though was the garlic chicken karaage, which was also delicious. Our chilled Akami was perfect. Or to me at least because it had cilantro in it and the Akami was ugh so gooood. Their truffle sushi was really unique, it had mushrooms and black truffles in it which had an almost odd taste at first but were matched very well. The seared salmon was surprisingly amazing... usually I never eat salmon but I ate almost a whole roll of this. Although the Toro is kind of expensive, it's 100% worth it. I don't even have words to describe just how good it was. The rice, wasabi, and Toro all made to perfection. I liked the Tai much better than the Akamutsu mainly because it was less fishy in taste. The Unagi looked really good and got eaten up really quickly. For desert we tried one of everything and my favorite would be the miso creme brulee. It sounds really weird or gross even but it tastes like the best creme brulee you've ever had. It's salty and sweet at the same time and has the perfect custard texture. The yuzu sorbet was fresh and clean tasting but too tangy for me. and the Grapefruit sorbet was not my type of dessert but my mom really liked it.
4	Amazing 5 star quality sushi by chef Masa located inside the Aria Hotel. We had a $200 resort comp so we decided to dine at our hotel's blue ribbon award winning sushi restaurant. The food, presentation, quality was very good. We got the duck tacos which where absolutely full of rich flavor, we also got a Toro Toro Roll which consists of Toro " Fatty Tuna Belly ", And a Kampachi Roll with jalapeno. THEIR CHERRY GREEN TEA IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST I HAVE TRIED! Our total for 2 rolls 1 appetizer and 2 soups was $160 which the hotel comped for us. THANK YOU ARIA LAS VEGAS!
3	The ambiance at BarMASA is spacious and modern. The food are very good, but a little overpriced. I had probably the same or better sushi for much cheaper. Of course, with the price tag, the presentation is very clean cut and pretty. I tried some of their sushi, their appetizers and their yakisoba. I did not like the yakisoba at all. It reminded me of Chinese cuisine's fried egg noodle with soy sauce. The wait staffs are nice but they didn't check on the table too often. We were in a hurry and they tried hard to get our food out. But other than that, we needed to get their attention all the time. It's defiitely a place to sit, enjoy, take your time to catch up and eat and such. So if you're in a hurry, don't come here.
2	First off, let me start by saying I'm not a veteran Las Vegas'er, so the prices at all the restaurants on the strip gave me a little sticker shock at first.  but I've been to Japan and had the same thing happen to me upon landing but you do adjust.  With Chef Takayama's reputation and fine menu in NY, we were expecting a similar culinary experience, well, I'd have to say bluntly, Not Here.  The space is large with high ceilings reminiscent of an airplane hanger with modern-ish light fixtures.  I could care less what the place looks like as long as the food is good.  The menu is written such that most plates are almost tapas like (not priced that way though) until you get to the slightly larger plates in the rice and noodle sections.  A few items we had were the Foie Gras/ duck which were like 4 tiny tacos.  Very good but pricey.  We had the Victoria beef which was their Wagyu, which came with a bowl of rice and a soy dipping sauce.  In short, I've had better flat iron.  This cut should almost melt in your mouth and I had to bite hard to split the pieces.  For $68 you get 6 small slices which were approx 1.5 x 1.5 inches.  NOT worth the price even if it was 3/4 the price.  Had the asparagus with morels, basic baby asparagus with mushrooms (which when brought out, were baby oyster and not morels, server said nothing), Continued on with sushi, had 2 rolls (spicy tuna with green chili and the king crab) which were both very good, then to the nigiri.  Had the toro, hamachi, uni, mirugai, sake.  They were all decent but very small pieces again, especially for the price.  I'm knocking the rating down from 3 to 2 just because there was absolutely no value here at all.  In summation, leaving with over a $300 tab, we left hungry and unsatisfied with the experience.  I would not recommend this place especially if you are looking for good Japanese food.
1	I feel a little bit guilty that I rarely write reviews and on the occasion I do it's usually because I've had a bad experience but this case warrants a review.  I cancelled a reservation at Kabuto to go to Bar Masa just because it was in our hotel.  I felt bad for cancelling on Kabuto and even worse after dinner because didn't listen to Yelp which said Kabuto was #1 for sushi in LV and Bar Masa turned out to be a let down.It started with getting there 15 minutes early, not being seated immediately even though the restaurant wasn't busy, then being forgotten by the hostess.  Was seated by another hostess who was wondering why we were sitting in the lounge without drinks.  After being seated we were not greeted by the server for another 5+ minutes and then another long wait to order.  We ordered a salad, oysters, a hot cod dish and sushi in the first round.  The salad came first and then the cod.  They didn't change the plates out even though they were covered with salad dressing.  Asked the hostess to call the waitress and was rudely blown off but finally flagged the waitress down for new plates.  Plates for every course were also not cleared until next course was brought far after finishing.  10 minutes after finishing the cod we asked where the oysters were.  The server said they were being shucked.  Did they also need to dig them up?  The ceviche was also blah and the scallops in it were a little fishy.  Definitely not super fresh from Tsukiji.  More like from Safeway.I have no problem paying $500 for dinner and the food was good but not anything significantly better than I can get at any one of half a dozen sushi bars in Hawaii.  They didn't even have otoro.  Having been to both Robuchon restaurants, Guy Savoy, etc in LV, I've never been anything but blown away by the level of service provided.  I got better service at the 24 hour restaurant in Aria than we got at Masa.     There were certainly enough employees standing around that I would have expected better service.This place is a far cry from Ginza Sushi-ko.  Maybe they don't like people of the asian persuasion (sarcasm)......
4	Went to Barmasa on a Thursday evening last week.  We had made a reservation so we had no wait at all.  Service was great, people were nice.  Our waiter was a professional and took our order and made suggestions without using a pen and pad.  The hot food came out first then there was about a ten minute lull til we got our sushi.  The hot food was better than the sushi, lots of interesting combos, the sushi was adequate but nothing special.  All in all a good visit, but a pricey one.  Including a fat tip the cost of meal without alcohol was $100 each person.  Although I enjoyed the meal I would probably not return, only due to the price.  I would recommend this place if you are visiting Vegas and want to try something new, just be prepared to pay for it.
4	Went to barMasa with a friend.  Been to vegas many times and I have eaten at some of the best sushi in Los Angeles...Little Tokyo, the westside, etc.  The food here is excellent.  However, the pieces of fish were the size of my thumb.  Now I know you don't come to a sushi bar like a buffet.  However, the pieces of sushi were at least a third if not half the size of any other place I've been to.  And I've been to over 50 sushi bars probably.  The waitress was great and so was busboys, etc.  My friends soup was quite good.  I had the tasting menu for $75 and then ordered some freshwater eel and salmon roe.  Again, all excellent.  For the price, my socks weren't blown off, but it was still a great experience.
4	The ambience was great, the service was excellent  and the fish was quite good.  I'd go back.
5	The preset tasting menu was wonderful. We all enjoyed it.
3	I just wasn't that impressed. Michelin awarded chef Masa with their coveted 3 star rating, so I was expecting to be blown away.I am a sushi lover and eat it at least once a week.We went with the Omakase (which in Japanese means "I'll leave it to you") First course was an array of sashimi, second course meats from the grill, third course were the rolls. Overall the best way to describe barMASA is minimalist. From the decor to the food. When you produce a menu that is so simple it should be bursting with depth and flavor, whereas in this case it was just simple. However, the masa toro toro roll was truly phenomenal. Melted in my mouth and was the best thing put on our table. The service was great and we had some of the best sake I've ever had. Imported from Japan that day.
1	Don't waste your time - there are better, cheaper, more authentic sushi restaurants scattered across Vegas. Cons - expensive pieces of fish that are not fresh, cut extra small and are no better than the local places around LA (where I'm from). Do not waste your time, money and effort coming to this place. If you are going for great sushi at a 'steal' - check out Kabuto off strip and save yourself the extra $$ - this place is a complete regret.
3	Barmasa is a high end sushi place in the Aria in Las Vegas. Being in a high-end hotel  in Las Vegas, you're rarely going to find "value meals", but I thought the food vs price equation dipped the other way here. The sushi was good -- very good -- but the prices were significantly higher than I am used to paying in Southern California.
1	Disappointment is an understatement!! It doesn't even deserve one star.I am still reeling from last nights mistake decision to dine here. I wish I would have yelped it first (I won't make that mistake again). Let me start by saying that they couldn't get us a reservation until 10pm, however the restaurant was over half empty when we got there, although you wouldn't have known by the service (or lack of).My husband and I are bi-coastal seasoned sushi eaters from New York and LA. We dine out twice a week or more at Japanese and sushi restaurants.I was absolutely astonished at the cost of food here! Our overly distracted waiter explained that the food was tapas style. Again, I was thrown for a loop based on the cost listed on the menu. My husband did point out that other sushi restaurants like NOBU are similar in price, however, when you dine at those restaurants you get your monies worth in portion AND flavor! The ceviche' was about 10 dime sized chunks of sashimi. Enough for each of us to feel like we licked a plate rather that ate something.  We asked for naruto rolls (understanding that not every sushi restaurant lists them on the menu- but have always been able to accommodate by omitting the rice) and was informed that they are very strict with their policy on not changing what's on the menu but that he would ask the kitchen. A while later he returned and said they could make the roll for an additional cost! Wow! When our food arrived, I was astonished by the "tapas" portion. Our rolls circumference were literally the size of two fingers put together.  It was more like they were feeding a tiny bird... ONE tiny bird. $250 later, we left feeling starved (I am 5'4 & 112 lbs... not a huge eater) and went to a nearby pub to get food to fill our bellies.DON'T waste you time and money! If you are going to spend the cash, go to NOBU or SushiSamba and get your monies worth!! PS: I think the reason they wait until 10pm to give a reservation is because by the time you figure out how badly you are being ripped off, the other fine dining restaurants are ready to close (typically 11pm) so you either dine at a pub with fried & fatty foods, or are stuck where you are trying to get a non-greasy, somewhat healthy meal.
5	Thrilled that I went to Bar Masa based on recommendations made to me by friends and business acquaintances.In reading the reviews on Yelp it seems a good deal of the negativity is based on the prices.Yes, Bar Masa is expensive.  So are all the other 'finer' restaurants I've eaten at over the years that are on The Strip.With my expectation set that the meal was going to be pricey, my focus was really on the food and service, both which i found to be EXCEPTIONAL.We had a saki tasting which was fun and informative.  I highly recommend it and I really have an entirely new appreciation for saki.  Our meal consisted of the seasonal sashimi tasting (more than enough for 2 people and included melt in your mouth Toro), an order of wasabi blast tuna, and three  rolls - The Toro Toro roll, a spicy tuna roll and a Kanpachi jalapeno sotomaki with spicy potato julienne roll.I love sushi, and living in NYC I have access to many excellent sushi restaurants.  With that said, hands down, Bar Masa is tied with #1 in my book (I give it a 'tie' with Sushi Yasuda in New York).I really felt compelled to write this review based on all the negative ones that I've read.  If money is an issue, there are certainly other sushi restaurants on The Strip that are quite good, for less money,  However, if you want a real treat, give Bar Masa a try!!  Based on the quality of the food and service, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5	Excellent dinner.  Pricey, but worth it!  My server, Michael was wonderful!  Everything I ordered from sashimi to uni risotto to peking duck was delicious.
5	WARNING: Please follow this "choose your own adventure" to determine whether or not you will enjoy barMasa: (1) Do you think specialty rolls are what sushi is all about? Don't go here: You'll hate it, think it was too expensive, etc. There are plenty of cheaper places that will handle that. (2) Do you like huge portions and love all-you-can-eat sushi specials (it's when the sushi bar clears out all the about-to-expire fish)? Don't go here: the portions are small, it's quality over quantity. (3) Do you think nigiri (just fish on rice) is nothing special and not the pinnacle of sushi making? Don't go here, this isn't your type of sushi. (4) Do you totally soak every piece of nigiri in a self-made broth of soy sauce and wasabi (rather than a light dab)? This may be a waste of time as you're going to overpower the subtleties. That's not to say your tastes aren't valid, but this will be a waste of your time and you'll probably be giving the 1-3* reviews that misunderstand what this place is about.What is Michelin 3-star sushi? Simply: the sushi itself. The they only rate the food: taste, quality, and consistency. The 3* sushi bars are all about traditional nigiri and sashimi with only the most basic rolls.  barMasa is _not_ Michelin 3-star sushi (it's the service of Masa Takayama himself at his restaurant in NYC), but it is still exceptional and still worthy to be a Yelp 5* because the Michelin 3-star experience is transcendent. This isn't transcendent. This isn't sitting across from someone like Jiro. Still, on both my visits they've delivered sushi that is of the highest quality and freshness, brought in from Tsukiji Market in Tokyo (an exceptional experience that I recommend to any visitor to Japan). The fish actually does a quick stop in NYC for Masa's core people to inspect it personally before it then goes here. To get the best fish, you need a buyer at the market to make sure you don't get the 3rd rate stuff that often gets shipped to the rest of the world after the Japanese are through with the fish auctions. But let me first mention the weak spot: service and ambiance. The dining room's design is a notorious flop in the otherwise gorgeous City Center architecture. After passing a gorgeous entry you're sitting in what feels like a fancy airport waiting area; the ceiling is far too high, and it feels sterile. The server I had was very friendly and accommodating, what you'd expect from a good Vegas restaurant, but he was surprisingly clueless about basic sushi. That's no problem, I was able to essentially hold his hand through my order and he wasn't rude about it (and neither was I). I first visited barMasa right after it opened: the portions then were only 1 piece of nigiri per order. Now they've changed it up to be 1 or 3 pieces per order.In the end, so long as the fish is great, I can forgive those issues. Thankfully each and every piece was excellent. If you appreciate the different flavors profiles and complexities of each fish, the sushi here will open your mind to subtle aspects you might have missed when fish isn't served with the same quality or at the right temperature. And temperature can make a difference! Most of the fish here comes out at room temperature, with fish cut to traditional cuts (some overflow over the rice). If you're willing to explore the depth of minimal, arguably "pure" sushi, this is a lovely place to start. I don't know if I would recommend this to a novice, because spending well over $100 to test what you like might be overkill. Overall, I recommend barMasa to anyone looking to enjoy the subtle complexities of traditional sushi. Can you get equal or better sushi in Tokyo for less money? Of course, but that's the point: the fish is shipped here from Tokyo!  If you were able to remain interested after my little serious of questions, give it a look.
5	I was debating whether to visit this place during my recent stay at the Aria, but when I heard that Masa Takayama was in house that night I decided to give it a go.  I will say, BarMASA is not a good value, wasn't very crowded even with Masa there, and I still loved it.  The Sashimi platter for 85 was perhaps the best sashimi I have ever had.  This blew away Nobu or something like Yellowtail at Bellagio.  Had a lobster sashimi with cucumber appetizer that was to die for.  I had a lovely bottle of saki that the steward selected for me.  Had to order his toro toro roll which was worth every penny as a treat.  Overall, it was a wonderful experience.  If cost is an issue, this is not  your place, I think the meal ran about 250 per person, but if you are fortunate enough to not care what the night costs, you can have a very special sushi experience here.
2	I went to barMASA for my cousin's 25th birthday with 3 other people. We were all very excited to experience the restaurant and its offerings. The interior of the restaurant was very nice to look at, but there was one problem: it was almost empty on a Sunday night on the Las Vegas Strip. The good was good but extremely expensive. We all enjoyed what we ate a varying array of sushi, risottos, beef, and sashimi but if I had to go back I would only go if someone else was paying. I think barMASA thinks way too highly of itself and it needs to take a walk in the real world. No matter who's behind it and how expensive the food is, if the food's not worth it you're not going to receive positive reviews. The one highlight was our waiter who was extremely nice and helpful. I've had much better sushi for way, way less.
1	I skimmed the reviews beforehand but was not prepared to accept the truth after I saw the prices on the menu.  I figured there had to be at least one thing that was good.  The sushi should be supremely fresh at this place and its only average. The service is terrible.   I came late on purpose to meet up with friends to void eating here. Thank god I did so and ended up paying just for my sake and the grilled octopus I ordered just to be considerate. Which was crap. There was an eggplant dish that tasted really weird and not good.  This place would be fine (maybe I'd give it 3 stars)  if it was priced  more along the lines of one of the Aria's other restaurants like Julian Serrano.
2	The food I had was very fresh, but very bland.. The prices are outrageous for any location. Sushi was a minimum of $27 for a basic roll to 60 or 70 dollars..What!?! 30 bucks for a regular roll of Sushi?! We had some dinners and the portions were so small, they should be called appetizers.. The service was nice, but not nearly worth the food price..I never complain about the price.. but this place is ridiculous.The decor is really nice and the service was nice.. thats about it..
3	Spectacular space. Fish was really good but not as over-the-top as the space.
1	Don't go here. The drinks are watered down, the prices are outrageous and the food is mediocre with tiny portions. Service is also nothing to rave about.
5	If your perception of Japanese food in Vegas is $24.99 AYCE sushi, tempura, and mayo baked mussels, stop reading.Let's get this out of the way.  Quality Japanese food is expensive.  A contemporary Japanese meal in Tokyo, at a Michelin one star can easily run $300+ without alcohol.  Freshness is a pillar of Japanese cuisine and sourcing the freshest products globally cost.Bar Masa uses the freshest ingredients including fish that has been out of the water less than 24 hours before being served. Small portions, beautifully presented.  Ignore the prices and order what sounds good.  From the Spring 2013 menu, the toro tartare with osetra caviar is a must try.  The firm, meaty fish explodes with flavor when it mixes with the salty, briny, yolky flavor of the popping caviar.  Not to be out shown, the chilled sayori (needle fish) with shiso flower is Spring itself.  The firm flesh of the fish lightly enveloped with a fish stock aspic, the hint of citrus and the flowery, herbaceous finish of the shiso.  The hibachi grilled, fresh unagi with kabayaki sauce is excellent.  Very high quality unagi, very fatty with no muddy flavor.  The Nantucket Bay scallops, firm and sweet.  Both benefit from the sweet, bitter smoke.For fried items, the in season soft shell crab done tempura style is excellent.  Everything you expect from a soft shell; creamy, oceanic goodness inside surrounded by a not oily, crispy coating.Finally, save room for the uni and trumpet mushroom risotto with shaved bianchetto truffles.  One of the most unique, creamy flavored ingredients of the sea pairing with the umame charged mushrooms of land.  A simple preparation but what a flavor punch.Yes, there is sushi.  Never tried it.  That's for sushi bars.Outstanding sake list.  Probably the best in Vegas.  Resort pricing.It's not for everyone but those wanting to experience quality, contemporary Japanese cuisine without flying 5000 miles, this is your chance.
2	I was in town a few weeks ago and thought about going to Nobu, but considering how close it was and what I thought was a cool atmosphere from the pictures, I took a large party here for dinner.  First, while it has a good vibe when you walk in, it was echo-e from the beginning and felt very "cold"...  Wasn't what I was expecting at all.  I also agree that the prices are out of this world and the service was marginal at best.  Considering it is mainly TAPAS, I was pretty darn pleased with the food.  The party I was with also loved the food and we ordered some good bottles of wine that again were over priced, but went well with the food.  If the prices weren't so high and the service was better, I would increase to 3-4 stars, but I won't be going back.  Moral of the story, go to Julian S. in Aria for better prices and a more vibrant atmosphere.
1	AVOID! A complete rip off AND terrible service! This place is supposed to be a Michelin star restaurant?? Ha! What a joke. I wouldn't insult Nobu by comparing this place to them. Just because they have a fancy looking joint inside a beautiful casino means they think they can get away with murder. The food is so bland and so uninspired and SOOO expensive. Listen, I have no problem paying more for quality food but seriously?! Examples...$22 for a standard boring salmon / avocado sushi roll you would pay $6 for in an average sushi joint. $28 for "BBQ Lamb" which was small bowl of greasy and fried onions! The lamb wasn't even nice! It was mixed up and greasy like you'd get from a kebab truck!!!  EXTORTION!! To add insult to injury the service was soooo slow and sooooo impersonal and sooooo bad!!! The waiter couldn't describe ANY of the items of the menu, so suggestions, no effort whatsoever. Even more frustrating, they made us wait for half an hour for a table of two. When we finally get in it turns out the place was virtually empty!!!!! They had waiting staff just stood around talking?!?! Is this wait supposed to make us feel like we're not worthy enough for this piece of shit joint?? Are we supposed to believe that this place is super hard to get in to??? Did I say AVOID this place???????
2	Food was average some dishes were ok but everything was definitely overpriced. Do not let them trick you into thinking the portion sizes are big, normal people will leave this place hungry. I don't even remember what we ate, it was that memorable. The guy who took our drink order was very pushy. Terrible dinning experience here but the venue/ambiance was very nice and our actual waitress was great.
1	When you look at the decor, ambiance,and reputation you think you are in for a good meal.  I should have known when we went during prime dinner time before the 9 PM Zarkana seating (Zarkana was ok but there are much better Cirque shows than this one) and the place was practically empty.  But it was easy because it was in Aria by  Zarkana and we thought it couldn't be that bad.  I should have Yelped barMASA before eating here.Here is why barMASA fails: (1) the food is very average (not horrible but not good either - bland and super small portions), (2) service is average, and (3) the prices are ridiculous for what you get.  And this ridiculous prices comment is coming from someone who spent over $1,200 at Joel Robuchon for dinner for 2 the night before (there is a reason Joel can command that price - because you get what you pay for).When the waiter tells you their signature dish - the hamachi with jalapenos and crispy potatoes isn't good - there is something wrong with this place.  The black cod was literally 2 bites and the texture was off.Do not eat here you won't enjoy your food as its nothing special and you definitely won't be full.  After I got back to LA I had Sushi Gen (4.5 stars) and Hama Sushi (4 stars) - both were excellent and I paid less than half of what I paid at at barMASA and got twice the amount of food at significantly better quality.  Don't waste your time nor your money here.  This place was so bad it compelled me to write my first review...that says something.
1	While the service was wonderful, plan on leaving hungry and poor.  The portion sizes are so small and so very expensive.  After we paid a ridiculously high bill, we went had had sandwiches at Jean Philippe pastry shop in the Aria casino.  Now that was great food.  Left there full and not broke.  The restaurant is just now worth it.
1	I really should have listened to the Yelp reviews but I decided to give it a try. I ordered baby shrimp fried rice which tasted like a rancid bowl of crap! How can you mess up shrimp fried rice, a dollar Chinese food place would have been better. Spicy wings weren't spicy at all, they tasted more like a pack of party wings that were frozen then put on the grill. The Takori skewers lacked flavor and like everything else on the menu they were over priced. I don't mind paying for good food but this shit wasn't worth 1/10 for what I paid. I give it one star for the service, Pedro and Rodrigo were excellent and they deserve to work at a better restaurant.
1	Let me save you a lot of trouble and a lot of $$$$. Do not eat here.My friend picked this place since we were staying at the Aria and we could eat small plates style and then move on. Sadly she did not check the yelp reviews. It was August so I didn't think too much of it when I saw the dining room was basically empty, but I think people just know this place is terrible. The dining room is ugly too.I was shocked at the prices. I know there's a markup for the resort but this is highway robbery. In response to Rod U.'s review, I ordered the lobster risotto and I don't consider that Japanese cuisine and it was the size of a Dixie cup. For $28 (or $38 with shaved white truffles) I expect a least 2 Dixie cups. I had a cold lobster appetizer as well which was excellent. My friend got the restaurant week menu (~$32) and laughed at it when it was presented. She got the steak and it was something you would expect on a children's menu. The presentation was beautiful and the food tastes good, but after the 2 of us spent $130 on food (no alcohol) we had to leave because we were still hungry and getting terrible value for the money. We might as well have put that money in a slot machine. We complained to a person on the staff who refilled our water and cleared dishes. He said it wasn't the first time he had heard something say that.We left for Caesar's because we knew Mesa Grill would feed us properly. Pretty sad when 2 thin girls have to eat 2 dinners.
2	I dont even know how to write this review...Although i get the point of Rod U's review and he has an excellent and valid point of you pay for what you get BUT if you can afford THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS for just one meal with NO ALCOHOL that'd better be THE BEST MEAL EVER with some of the proceeds going to feed starving children at night. Portion sizes are just laughably small and hi-friggin-larious when paired with the price tag. How hilarious are we talking about? Steroid shrunken penis on a 400lb all muscle body builder hilariously small.But by all means if you got that much money to spend then you got that much money to spend, nothing i can write will convince you otherwise seeing as you're on another plane of finances that disconnects you from us regular joes.For the record, after spending no i take that back, after wasting around 70 dollars here we went to an all you can eat sushi joint on spring mountain and stayed there for about two hours for 30 and left happier. Yelp 100 - 046 of 100
4	First, read Rod U's review and take his comment about cost to heart.  This is NOT the place to go if you want to get your basic sushi, tempura and teriyaki bento boxes. You can get that for less money elsewhere in Vegas and it'll be pretty good.  barMASA is the place to get out of your comfort zone and try things you haven't tried before, or tried elsewhere and didn't like.  Because if it isn't good at barMASA it probably just isn't for you.Case in point: uni (sea urchin).  I've tried this at many Japanese restaurants, and universally, it made me gag.  Literally.  That is, until I had the uni at barMASA.  At barMASA the uni is creamy, tasty, and delicious.  My only explanation is because the ingredients are really fresh and well prepared.   A lot of the other items on the menu gave me similar experiences.  "Toro" in a lot of restaurants suspiciously tastes just like regular tuna, but here it's rich and delicious.  Octopus is often chewy and kind of tasteless, but here the hibachi octopus is perfectly cooked, tender, and tasty (they put some kind of sauce on it that is really delicious).We tried a number of other items, and the only one that I wasn't really impressed with was the yellowtail collar.  It was good, but was basically roasted fish.The service was good, but a bit confusing.  We had three different people come up to us and tell us they would be serving us; we weren't really sure which one was our waiter or whether they all were.  But they took good care of us and gave us very good recommendations on food and sake.  We were having trouble picking a bottle of sake and they poured us a bunch of shots to try several bottles. Overall, the food is very good.  But it is very expensive, and if you're coming just for sushi, sashimi, and tempura, you're better off going elsewhere.
1	Although I was not the one paying for the meal, I felt ripped off eating here. The service is terrible and the menu is extremely over priced, and my neighborhood sushi joint has better rolls and sushi, heck, my local grocery store has much better sushi. The drinks are around twenty bucks and nothing special about them. I ordered a couple of rolls and a ramen soup, my soup never arrived. They messed up the bill, and later came back and took our bill away coz they forgot to add something... for three people the bill was close to $400, all we had was a few bits and a couple of drinks.
2	Probably the most expensive yet crappiest sushi I've ever tasted. Don't let the hype get you to go to this place. Rice was soggy, service was almost non-existent and the price was outrageous. It's sad that the fish wasn't fresh yet each piece (sake, uni, toro) were going for $10 a piece. If you're looking for a nice sushi restaurant in Vegas, I recommend sushi shibuya at the MGM.
2	This place is f,!@cked up. Wow. Great venue. But terrible execution. They need a restaurant manager to fix this place. Sushi not bad but what the F on service. It takes a life time to get food. Shoot this place in the in hind quarter close it down. Rest in pease my friend.
1	I didn't think I would have to read the reviews on yelp for this restaurant because its located in Aria. If a restaurant is in Aria you would think it's suppose to be an amazing place to dine at.From the outside it looks so fancy and nice. We walked in and got seated. To us, this place doesn't look very elegant or fancy. To quote my boyfriend.."This place looks like a warehouse with some tables and chairs." Lol. It really does but with some lighting hanging down.We really don't care about how expensive it is as long as it taste good. We ordered the Sashimi Tasting Plate, the Kobe beef and Uni. Surprise, surprise, the waiter came back and told us that they ran out of Uni. How do you run out of Uni at a sushi place with barely any customers?Our food came out and the Sashimi plate was a big disappointment. How can you say this taste fresh or even good? You don't have to be sushi expert to know this was so mediocre. The Kobe beef came out next and it doesn't look very appetizing. It tasted okay but it didn't "wow" us. My boyfriend says the only thing he liked was the steamed rice. Yes, you absolutely read that. At least with steamed rice there's no high expectations on what it's suppose to taste like. It taste like rice and you can't complain on how horrible it taste. With those 2 items and my cocktail drink, the total pirce came out to be almost $200 with tips.We are still hungry. So guess where I am? I'm writing this review at another restaurant while I am eating. This is my 2nd dinner. So sad.DO NOT COME HERE unless you want to throw your money to eat crappy sushi.
4	Sushi is very fresh and food is good.  Drinks are ok, nothing spectacular or worth highlighting.  Like the space, but expected more.  It looks like a place where you would expect music and a trendy, hip vibe but nothing other than dinner seems to be happening.  Bar is small and not a place for socializing.  Very expensive.
5	Do not be hesitate! If you do not care of budget. Food is the best I have ever tried.I actually do not understand why this restaurant has got so low scores.Yes very pricey and small portion but worth it, and of course you are going to be disappointed if you think local AllYOU-CAN-EAT restaurants.Very high end style food and quality.UNI,AMAEBI & TORO are AMAZING -sometimes they run out because of Chinese men :( and Sushi is different. I hate fat and big rice portion that are usually provided at local restaurants, but their sushi is perfect to taste fish.I also heard they use Evian water to cook steam rice and soup. wOw......I strongly recommend Toro Caviar which has toast, toro and caviar.It is the best menu i think even though a little bit expensive.Overall, anyways, upscale restaurant, expensive, but this place is entirely different from other Japanese restaurants.
2	Avoid this and Nobu at all cost if you really love your sushi and sashimi.I was served frozen Tilapia when i ordered Tai.   I know my sashimi!3 star michelin prices, for the price i get fresh wasabi and top grade shoyu in Japan.
2	Only reason for two stars instead of one was the great wait staff. The food was awful. Given the value issue, for the price you don't expect 2 hour old Bangkok street food. We ordered chicken skewers as an item. They came served on a hot brick but the skewers were room temperature and dull in sheen since the greases had all gel together. When I slid the food bits off the skewer they were all stuck together. Pre cooked and set aside for $28. (5 skewers). We sent them back and redone they were hot and shiny greasy as they should be.  Their wasabi paste is dumbed down with another root vegetable and not very hot. I asked for real wasabi paste and the waitress said they could custom grind it off the root and it would be $10 extra. WTF!!!  She also asked if we wanted edame when we placed our order but of course, isn't this a Japanese restaurant?  $5 was added to the bill for the edame. Guess it is flown in from Tokyo. The rolls were average compared to all storefront restaurants I am use to. Masa is milking his name. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!
3	We went on a Tuesday and the place was empty. The staff were reasonably attentive though the water guy was visibly annoyed to have to be there. The food was fine, we did the masa toro roll, sashimi, and a variety of warm dishes, but the overall experience was lackluster. Certainly not worth the premium price.
1	We got ripped off at this joint.  Ordered the Victoria steak $40 and 5 tiny sticks of beef came to our table and nothing else.  Ordered small martini size drinks they cost $18 a piece.  The seafood vegetable tempura was good but cost $28 and the portion was small.  Soup cost $12 a piece.  We spent over $150 and left feeling hungry and humiliated.  Service from our waiter was inattentive as well.  Terrible way to start our Vegas trip.
2	Let me start by saying that the lean tuna sushi was the best I've ever had.....and I've eaten lots of sushi. The mushroom soup had an off taste and an odd choice of herbs. The tempura lobster roll was just good - not great. I've had much much better. The scallop and shrimp roll was good. All this being said, for the price you pay, the food should wow you. I was a far shot from being wowed. There is a fabulous Sushi restaurant at the MGM and given that the prices are double what they are there, I was expecting some really great food. It just didn't happen.
1	After eating Sushi all over the world, I have to say this is the most disappointing Sushi experience I have ever had. The ambiance was non-elegant, the fish was tasteless, and the service was slightly above McDonald's. The spicy tuna rolls were just tuna rolls with some bland spice sprinkled on them. The only good thing about this place was the habanero tacos, which is sad for a Sushi restaurant. They served dinner out of bus boy bins, which we found extremely odd. Save your money for the tables and eat sushi somewhere else!!!
2	Blah.I was in Vegas for the ConAg Trade Show with two co-workers. We went here after we just arrived in Vegas.  Dan and I had the Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura Udon dishes, which had very little flavor. The sizzling green asparagus with garlic chives we ordered as a side dish for the three of us, was fine...not wonderful...just fine. The portion was very tiny, though not as tiny as the Bluefin Tuna Steak which Jon ordered. When the dish arrived, I truly thought it was the wrong meal.  But, no...it was the correct dish.  Seriously, for $34 one should get a portion larger than the width and length of two fingers from the hand of a child.  What really was the burn...Jon said the tuna was just okay.  For that price, it should have been amazing. Overall, the whole dinner was blah.
4	Before this meal there was no question that the best sushi meal of my life was at Sushi Yasuda in New York City. I was always extremely curious how good Masa in NYC could really be. Only problem is I didn't have $1300.00 or whatever crazy amount it is to find out. So when I was headed to Vegas I was excited to see that Masa had a more "affordable" option and it happened to be in the hotel we were staying in. When we got there they had a quite large menu outside of sushi which I found kind of weird. However, I knew why I was there so we started out by getting 2 orders of the chef's choice. I will say that it was knockout. It completely lived up to the hype. We also got a roll with sea urchin which was extremely delicious. The dining room was gorgeous but felt kind of cold and I did not like how there was no sushi bar. The sushi came out of the kitchen which felt kind of weird. The meal was very expensive but it was good. After the meal I did not have a hard time deciding what was the best sushi I ever ate. It was definitely at Sushi Yasuda. Not only did the fish taste better but I feel like when your spending that kind of money you want the sushi made in front of you. I am by no means an expert on Japanese food in Vegas and for all I know there is just as good or better sushi far cheaper.  But if you are an out-of-towner and want a sure thing, you will not be disappointed with this sushi.
5	We had a res at barMASA on a Saturday night at 8pm for 8 people. We were seated right away and our server was at the table almost immediately. The menu is pretty extensive. If you asked me before last night I would have told you that "I don't eat sushi." We ended up getting the Chef's tasting menu. There wasn't a tasting menu option, but we asked if they had one and the server said they could do one for us, no problem. We had close to a dozen different menu items and each one was more delicious than the last. Even food that I would never expect to like (ie Eel sushi or live octopus) was so yummy. We finished off two rounds of sushi and the server asked if we wanted more. The tough thing was that we all wanted to keep trying new things but were so full we had to stop!A few of my favorite items were the soft shell crab, salmon sushi roll, and these fantastic little beef skewers. As a side note, my husbands opinion was that the food was delicious, but he's had equally good sushi that didn't cost quite as much. But for more on that he'll have to write his own review.
4	Exceptional service. I was hoping they offered soy paper wrap ILO sea weed however I had sushi as it was offered & it was delicious.  The chicken fried rice was overly filled with onion. I had the waiter's recommended martini, it was also delicious. A perfect place to begin a girl's night out.
2	Went again this week with some friends in business and while I enjoy the food, the prices make you gag.  I thought I was getting a free "business" dinner, but the host was so blown away with the prices, I agreed to pitch in to ease the pain of the bill.  We had a great meal, but still feel like Julian Serrano is the best Tapas in Aria.  Steer clear and go to Julian.  Much better atmosphere as well.
1	This place is a scam, don't order sashimi or nigiri because pieces are ridiculously small!
5	I have noticed that the majority of the negative reviews here are based on price. Judging by the sleek interior and association with the 3 Michelin star restaurant Masa in NYC, you should know what you are getting into beforehand. We loved our meal here with Anago(saltwater eel), Uni(sea urchin), Foie Gras Yakisoba and finally Miso ice cream as the highlights at that time (menu is rotational). No matter how expensive it is, Vegas with all its excess is a place where you do not hold back for a second. Liquor flows abundantly here so save any monetary regrets for the morning hangover.
1	Ahhh, Bar masa, food sucks, only very high expensive decoration. Had much better foods else where. No good,  not going to come back, over price but most importantly foods no good.
4	barMASA is a 1-Michelin Star counterpart to MASA, in New York. Located near the lobby of the ARIA in Las Vegas, barMASA offers meticulously prepared traditional and modern japanese dishes which meet "Michelin-standards". My personal experience there was nothing exceptional, however. my "hot"green tea came out only warm, and the atmosphere was unforgivably vegas, which does not constitute a sushi restaurant. I will say this though, i had the best piece and most expensive piece of fish at this restaurant in my life... so far. Ive had A LOT of great sushi, and been to multiple michelin rated sushi restaurants, however the o-toro (Fatty Tuna) i had at this place, was phenomenal. the sensation is too complicated to explain on yelp, but to this day it is the most memorable sushi experience I've had. The only down side to the o-toro was that it was $52 for 2 pieces... Bottom line: if you're rich and looking for a casual sushi dinner and you're not a "sushi nazi", this place will suit you. If you're conscious with your money and spend it wisely, steer clear of this place and save up for MASA NYC in Columbus circle. 3 michelin star. probably top 10 in the world
1	Hello and welcome to your college cafeteria experience for this evening,  My name is Inept and I'll pretend to be helping you this evening.  We will be overcharging you this evening.  Basically, we will be fleecing your wallet.  Everything you see on the menu is four times fair market value and I promise to bring your food as slowly as possibe and will do my best to bring the wrong food. Would you like a cocktail?  I'd be glad to bring it to you well after your food arrives.  You're paying top dollar so why rush things?As you eat, you will have the pleasure of watching the busing team carry dirty dishes across the floor en masse.  No charge for the floor show.  You will notice that we serve your pricey ass sushi upon hot rice.  We want to make sure you have nothing nice to say about your dining experience.F*ck you very much and we thank you for wasting your money at barMASA.
4	Can you imagine... we were stuck in Vegas for a few nights after flights in and  out of JFK were canceled due to a looming weather system. We decided to use the extra time to try out a few places we hadn't yet had the chance to visit, or were skeptical about. BarMasa was the latter, if only because our experience at Tetsu wasn't the greatest.In any case, I prodded the beau to join me in their $59 pre-theatre dinner option (served 5-7PM), several items served bento style. You have to ask for the menu, but don't worry it should be available.Instead of ordering 2 bento dinners, we ordered just one, along withe several a la carte items at the suggestion of our server Mayu. We also each ordered a Gingertini.The Gingertini was quite delicious, a little sweeter than I normally enjoy, but good none the less. It was quite potent, especially since my BF didn't love it, and ordered a beer instead (Lucky Buddha). I probably would stick to beer next time, but every now and again it is nice to try something new.Our order included a creamy miso marinated tofu roll (freakin' amazing!), uni risotto (delicious and the uni flavour was very present), kanpachi spicy roll (loved), duck and foie gras tacos (meh), and fried calamari (good, not great). The bento dinner included a serving of shrimp tempura, some veggie tempura, a small sea salad, 4 rolls (2 tuna, 2 salmon), sashimi and something with asparagus. All pretty good and definitely worth the 59$ price tag.Is BarMasa expensive? Oh yea. Yes, it is. Is it is rip-off? Absolutely not. You know what I didn't like? The decor. For me, the industrial feel is over done and underwhelming. I feel like I am in an extremely large storage locker.Listen, we are two fairly large folks with big appetites and though our bill came under 275$ with tip (a large tip as Mayu was amazing and offered us above and beyond service!) we were quite full by the end of our meal. I look forward to our next visit!
1	The most underwhelming sushi I've ever had. After being sold on the place by the hotel "concierge" as a romantic setting with great sushi, we found neither! Disappointing to say the least.
1	I have to say this was the biggest disappointment ever, I have traveled all over eating at sushi places and quite frankly this has to be the worst sushi I have ever had. They raved about Chef Masa,and how fresh the fish was ...sorry chef but the yellowtail risotto was bland,the yellowtail was skimpy and not cut right ,oh and chewy .(never had chewy yellowtail,but ok) the lobster tempura roll was an abysmal. There is a reason that at 8:30 on a Saturday night in Vegas,there isn't more than 20 parties in this huge restuarant ? And god forbid you say something and Michael the server treats you like a leper. WOW,is all I can say for a restaurant in Aria ....WOW !!!!
5	The food was definitely fresh and delicious!  Very Pricey but you pay for the freshness, personalize service and ambiance. Great experience! Master Chef Miguel gave us his best menu for the night! A definite yes to Las Vegas nightlife and opulence!
5	My wife and I love Tetsu, but a conference in town left that side of the Tetsu/barMASA partnership booked, so we decided to go to barMASA for our dining experience.  The service was excellent, the drink selection still one of the best in America, and the food held to the same high standard as seen at Tetsu.  My wife and I are vegetarian; I switched over a year ago while she has been for several years.  Sushi was the most difficult thing for either of us to give up.  That was...until the tempura asparagus roll.  The asparagus keeps the consistency of a fish and the tempura puts a flavor that just has enough hint at the fish while continuing to let the asparagus be its own food.  Talking with other diners who do eat meat, they have labeled the asparagus roll as their favorite vegetable dish ever.  I cannot disagree.  A big complaint about this restaurant seems to be the amount of food received for the price.  Part of that problem is the Las Vegas surcharge, and part of it is that you are substituting quantity of food (a la California Wok & Roll Susih) for a quality rare to all but the highest of restaurants.  Fine dining is not taking its nod from a buffet but working to help you enjoy your food and explore your palate.  There's a fine buffet upstairs if you need a massive amount of food; if you want excellence this is your place.
3	Bar Masa is tapa style.... It's great if you want to spend the money.....
1	This is my first less than par review in my entire life.  40 minutes for aBill? Unacceptable....no apology, no comprise, thank you...don't come again please.
3	Fresh Fish, Good Service, OverpricedHmm, you should expect to pay a Strip Premium when you go to Strip restaurants, but Bar Masa isn't worth the upscaled prices.  The sushi isn't mind blowing good like Nobu or Raku.  Basically, if you want to over pay, just go to Nobu.  If you want to check out a local place, go to Raku or Kabuto.  If you want all you can eat, go to Yama Sushi.  I'm just saying there are a ton of alternatives to barMASA.
2	Like many others I found the prices to be high, I expected it would be because the food was sensational, but that really wasn't the case. The presentation was lacking as well. The cucumber gazpacho was great, overflowing with the right amount of citrus and cilantro flavor. It came served in a fancy rocks glass.  I also ordered the Hibachi Scallops, it was literally one scallop sliced very thin, servied in a shell.  I guess it was meant to be an appetizer? The flavor was nice but I would have liked it to be seared.My husband ordered a spicy tuna roll and the first thing I noticed was how small it was and not the presentation of which there really was none. He enjoyed it but said it wasn't anything amazing.They did have a seeming large sake list so if you are really into sake this might be a great place for you. We ordered a bottle of the midnight moon it was enough for four people to have a glass. Just know portions are very small; Tapas small, everything comes a la carte and service is ok. I also agree it had a lot of echo, and would certainly not call it romantic very open cafeteria style seating.
2	I thought this place was strange. In the salad I ordered there is usually fish even though it doesn't say on the menu. Luckily the server told me because I mentioned being vegetarian. The watercress beet salad was not my taste at all, and I normally love salads. I thought the sauce didn't match at all, because it was a rather heavy mayonnaise sauce with such a light salad. Just not my style of food.
2	Extreme dissapointment.  Hate to say it but...unless you're getting comped, you won't miss out on anything by not dining here.  YELP doesn't lie.  I hate to make the price sound like the reason for the low stars, but it is worth mentioning that you will be paying $12 for ONE piece of nigiri sushi.  The claim is that the fish is not more than 24 hours old.  For that price...I should have gone to somewhere else with older fish and at least (2) pieces of nigiri.  :-)The taste of the food was actually very delicious, the portions were smaller than small and the service was horrible.  high price + good food + small portions + bad service = 2 starsWhen paying through the roof, you want to feel like you got what you paid for.  Unfortunately, no one in my party felt this way.  :-(Sorry BarMasa, I don't recommend you.  There is nothing about your restaurant that is memorable.  The restaurant is not very pretty either, it's rather boring.  Personally, I think the restaurant should be replaced or revamped because they could do SO MUCH better for an awesome resort such as Aria.  :-)
2	I was hoping for amazing sushi at this really nice hotel but the rolls were just "ehhh okay". I get way better sushi at the hole in the wall down the street from my house in Cali. I guess we were expecting more at any of the restaurants in this hotel but should have gone with the Yelp reviews. The restaurant was very open and didn't give you that cozy atmosphere we were looking for for a Friday evening dinner. Everywhere we went for dinner at Aria the staff handed out/used these Ipads to show off their drinks/dessert menu but although it looks cool it didn't really serve a real purpose. It would have been great that instead of waiting around for our waiter to order another drink...that we could order off their Ipads and have it delivered to our table.
1	This restaurant is very sheik.  Loved the atmosphere.  We had some great but way expensive champagne (30 dollars a glass).  Ordered the sampler roll (48 dollars) and fatty tuna-avocado roll.  It was not bad fish, but there was nothing special about it to have paid what we paid.  The sampler roll had fish that had a pureed texture.  Not appetizing at all.  Not a big roll either.  The tuna and avocado roll was so plain and not filling that my friend and I decided that was the end of this dinner.  No more wasting money here. What a  huge disappointment.  We of course went somewhere else to have a real dinner.  Just because a seemingly nice restaurant is in a nice hotel, does not mean it has five star food.  Next time I will look on yelp.  I would of known better if I had.
5	I loved this place. The staff was so friendly. Everyone from the hostess, to the bussers, to our server were extremely attentive. Our server (I think his name was Michael?) was very detailed when explaining the menu to us and came back to check on us often. We had the Lobster Tempura Roll and the Seared Salmon Roll with Avocado and Tempura Flakes. The Rock Sake was pretty tasty too. The overall design and aesthetic was very classy and modern, right in line with the rest of the design at Aria.Definitely would return here the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	The moment you walk in, the ambiance well capture your attention. From the lighting, the seating, the decor and vibrancy. There was no host upon arrival. When we walked around the entrance only cold smiles and no help were offered. However, after being seated, our waitress was more than helpful. Not only was she familiar with the tastings, she had a comparable amount of knowledge, and familiarity with the sake menu. That was by far the only 5 star rating this place would receive from me. Sake and sushi makes sense, right? The food was phenomenal! This includes the "toro toro" roll, tuna and uni nigiri. Splendid- no further words necessary! Expect the prices to be too high for the service and menu that can be found anywhere.
1	Hype on the restaurant was huge. Food tasted and looked like the most basic California roll you have seen. My husband and I were so disappointed and to top it off they charged a ridiculous price as if they prepared a meal for the president. My advice, stay away from this piece of crap restaurant. This restaurant doesn't do the beautiful Aria Hotel any justice.
5	This place is amazing!!!  Sushi is top quality and melts in your mouth. The wait staff and bartenders are so wonderful. Great wines and drinks. I really can't praise this place enough. It is absolutely wonderful. Go try it!!! You will be sooo happy.
1	$7+ for ONE piece of sushi! And how was it?  terrible, terrible!!!!
1	Note to self not to eat here again.  Service was terrible...waitress didn't let my husband finish ordering and walked off. Food was blah. Had much better J food in LA and OC. Nothing special here but the price.  Expected more from this type of rest.
1	The food is okay. But the price was ridiculous. $78 bucks for 5 small pieces of steak. It wasn't worth it. The portion was really small. In the end, we were not full and we went somewhere else to eat. Don't waste your money.
1	The food is bad. If you are from LA and NYC then please don't eat her. Nobu prices but tasteless dishes. There only secret is truffle not used properly. It is gorgeous inside and the service is great but if you are going to spend 300$ on food and saki you shouldn't leave hungry and disappointed.
1	It was the end of our weekend anniversary celebration at the Aria, and my husband and I decided we would celebrate with a special night out at Bar Masa.  We were looking forward to elegantly prepared Japanese dishes and sushi prepared with fresh buttery fish and fresh chilled shellfish.  We knew it would be pricey but we were willing to splurge on a special evening out.  All we can say is, "What a disappointment."  Not only was the quality of the fish and shellfish mediocre, but the rice was hard and overly seasoned.  The sashimi wasn't served at the right temperature.  The eggplant was dry and hard and was not very flavorful.  My husband's only comment was that his 80 year old Japanese aunt could cook better than that.Not only did we find the food quality to be disappointing, the service was mediocre as well.  For a high-end restaurant and the $$$$ price, our advice would be to select a different Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas for a better dining experience.
