4	Friendly service from a food truck that makes delicious ice cream cones and treats. Yeah, I'm a fan. Shocking, I know. There are two trucks to Sticks and Cones - the Sticks truck, full of ice cream treats on a stick, and the Cones truck, a soft serve van of sorts. For a mere $2 and change, I scored a positively delightful and generous swirl soft serve cone rolled in sprinkles from the Cones truck. It was glorious. It was fresh. It was gorgeous, actually. And, of course, it was super delicious! The Cones trucks offers a variety of specially made ice cream treats beyond simple soft serve. You'll find a variety of creative sundaes - one called burger and fries that I'll most certainly need to try one of these days. The folks who own these trucks are just as sweet as the ice cream. And they take credit cards. Yes!
5	Best soft serve in town! Just had the "Granny Jean" sundae... vanilla soft serve with homemade lemon curd and a gram cracker cookie. Yummy!!!
4	I got an ice cream-filled Krispy Kreme doughnut at Stick and Cones last night.  This ice cream truck was at the food truck rally at South End (Camden and West).  Sticks and Cones is a pretty straightforward truck selling ice cream and other frozen treats for a few bucks per order.The ice cream-filled Krispy Kreme doughnut was $3.25 ($3.00 + $0.25 tax).  The owner had a box of raspberry and lemon-filled Krispy Kreme doughnuts and a vanilla and chocolate soft serve machine in his truck.  So basically, those were the flavor combinations available.  I went with a raspberry doughnut filled with vanilla ice cream.The owner split open the doughnut and piled the cold vanilla soft serve high.  The high calorie concoction was served in a paper sleeve.  It was hard to eat with my hands, so I grabbed a spoon to eat some of the excess ice cream first.  The treat tasted exactly how you'd would expect and it's nothing you can't make at home (well, I guess you do need a soft serve machine, but regular ice cream would work just fine too).  It was really messy to eat and once the ice cream started melting, it seeped through the wrap, making my hands sticky.  This was kind of annoying considering there weren't any restrooms available so I could wash my hands.Overall, though, I enjoyed it and the owner was a nice guy.  If I came back, I'd probably order something more "standard" and easier to eat (e.g. ice cream on a stick).
5	(Author's note: this review refers to the "Cones" truck, not the "Sticks" truck)I'm not typically a fan of soft-serve ice cream, but since the Cones truck of Sticks and Cones parks itself in front of Gateway Village on a weekly basis, I figured, what the hell, it's hotter than the surface of the sun right now, and nothing quenches heat like a nice cold ice cream, Well, there are other things that quench a thirst, but since there isn't a beer truck that caters to Gateway Village, an ice cream truck will do.But hot damn, I do love me their soft-serve, so soft and gooey and not so sweet. The Cones specializes in soft-serve sundaes, and there are several different combinations to choose from. I opt for the Carolina Gold, a spectacular concoction complete with caramel topping, chocolate topping, white chocolate sauce, crushed vanilla wafers. Oh my! So sinful. Screw my diet!Check 'em out when you get a chance. You'll find them Friday nights at the Food Truck Night on South End, and you won't regret it. So what are you waiting for? The Cones is a hell of a lot better than the junk served up at TCBY or any of the other obnoxious DIY yogurt joints flooding the market these day. Man, those places suck.
5	I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream! Even better, this one is on wheels and serves up the tastiest of treats! The owner is super nice and generous. You can tell he enjoys what he does! From the Krispy Kreme donuts filled with soft serve ice cream or the homemade cobbler layered with ice cream and caramel, it is all scrumptious! Do what I do, eat dessert first...Find this sweet truck on Food Truck Fridays in South End! You'll be glad you did.
5	Smashing Pumpkin blew my mind! That dessert is a game changer. Thanks Dave!
5	Still the best soft serve in town!! The Smashing Pumpkin sundae was sooo good!!
5	Some of my favorite homemade soft serve I've had in a while. I don't know what they do to it but it's so creamy, not OVERLY sweet like some of the chains. I tried it at Food Truck Friday and they made me a fan. Check out their speciality sundaes, the price sounds steep but you won't be sorry.
4	We hired Sticks for our daughter's bday, and I must say it was one of the best ideas we had yet. Kids AND parents were stoked. It was fun and fairly priced. I would hire them again in a heartbeat!!!
5	Amazing frozen yogurt!!! & the guy who runs/owns it is super nice!!! Highly recommended!
3	We stopped by the Sticks and Cones ice cream truck at Food Truck Friday last weekend, because I'd heard they had some unique, delicious sundaes. We really enjoyed our mint sundae, but the price was too high for soft serve! It was very good, but I'm not sure it was good enough to warrant paying $5.75 for a sundae again.
