3	The Fiddler's Arms is what was formally Bar Alba, and having looked quite intriguing when passing, I went in for a drink to see if its just another irish themed pub in the grassmaket or not.Short answer is no, I actually quite liked this place.  First of all, the decor (while obviously going for the 'traditional irish bar' feel) actually seemed quite natural and not anywhere near as gimmicky as some places.  It was obviously designed to have a slightly dated feel, with lots of worn wood and old fashioned candle stick holders, but again it was more subtle than many places and actually felt really warm and inviting.The biggest problem with Bar Alba that is replaces was that when it was quiet it was quite uncomfortable to be in, no atmosphere at all, or on the flipside it was rammed with the usual crowd of rowdy drunks that the grassmarket is famed for attracting.  The Fiddlers Arm's though had a great atmosphere despite being quite quiet.  There was some live music from a guy in the corner playing the acoustic guitar, but more as background music, which was most welcomed.Not sure how it would be on Friday or Saturday night, but for a chilled out mid-week drink it hit the spot nicely.  I am likely to go back again and it definitely has to potential to move up to 4 star after spending a bit more time there on a different night.
5	Went on a Friday night and listened to some traditional folk music.  Great atmosphere, great price, great people.  We had walked into a few other bars in this area just to turn around and walk out, we didn't like the drunk people flailing everywhere.  At Fiddlers Arm it seemed much more like there were locals coming in, of all ages.  The beer was great and one of the best guiness pours I've ever seen.  Plus, the service was outstanding, very nice people working there.
3	Once, I came here and there was an old-ish guy playing an accordion. Nobody but Sal and I cared. I loved that accordion dude. He looked like an accountant living a secret fantasy. Every now and then he'd look up at the crowd and give a shy smirk, and all I could think was 'does your wife know you're here?'. I hope he's here building up the courage to busk during festival time. Then he could make heaps of money for that flight to Havana, Cuba he's been holding out for. They like them some secret accordion players in Havana.If secret accordion man played here weekly, I would come weekly.The rest of The Fiddler's Arms is pretty average. Average prices, average staff, average atmosphere. I do really like the men's room though. A fantastic idea! I won't reveal what I'm talking about here, there are ladies present and that would be untoward. But the men's room is cool.
1	Four of us went to The Fiddler's Arm on a Monday night for dinner. Despite the restaurant being slow, the services was awful! Our drinks took forever as the bartender forgot them. The first two meals came out, and one was slightly cold. Being polite, we said nothing. After those two meals we almost half eaten we were still waiting for the two remaining meals. We went to the bar to find out where the meals were, and were ignored while the daft hostess talked on the phone with her friend. When she got off the phone, she walked away from us, got the two meals and delivered to our table. She acted like the meals had just been cooked, but they were in fact room temperature. Our guess was that she brought out the first two meals, but forgot about the later two. We will never go back!
4	If I could, I would rate four and a half stars. I only docked a star because my macaroni had tomatoes in it, so it tastes a little weird. Besides that, I would like to come here again. But I don't live anywhere near Scotland, so I'll just have to wait until the next trip!
2	Ok as far as it goes but there are better pubs around. The only true hand pulled ale on was Deuchars - which is OK - but why do they ruin a classic like Harviestoun Bitter and Twisted but cooling it and pushing it through a keg tap????? One barmaid was brilliant, another didnt seem too keen on my english currency but was quick enough to snatch it out of my hand.I  will look in again but it won't be my number one choice of pub in Auld Reekie.
