3	Let me say first, I am not a vegetarian, or a vegan. This place is likely quite different for someone who does not enjoy the snap of a brat. The Green Owl's decor is charming. Warm greens and and mellow oranges, with hanging Ikea lighting. Whoever designed the charmingly retro menu should be given an award.Beers are about 4 dollars, and there is a small, decent selection. They also do wine and cocktails. Our appetizer, a vegan pate ($6), was complex in flavor, and the baguette was nothing to write home about. My knife was not clean. A replacement was stolen from another table.  My guy's chili, a side included with his entree, lacked a depth of flavor. My Crabby Cake Po' Boy ($9) was surprisingly textured and flavored like a crab cake. The baked sweet potato fries were the highlight of the meal for me. My boyfriend's vegan schnitzel ($13) didn't work for me in terms of flavor and texture -- but this is one of those places meat-eaters and veggies differ - he loved it. His garlicy green beans were amazingly good. Our vegan key lime pie was small, and poorly presented. It was also surprisingly expensive ($6). The flavor and texture were such that if someone served it to you and hadn't told you it was vegan, you would have thought, "this is an average key lime pie."90% of the Green Owl's menu are dishes traditionally made with meat. For those who live a meat-free life, this might be an amazing breath of fresh air. For me, I thought the food was the best when, like the green beans and sweet potatoes, it wasn't pretending to be anything else.
4	When I moved to Madison in 2008, I was pretty surprised that this hippie-town had no dedicated vegetarian restaurant. I'm generally able to find vegetarian menu items at most restaurants here, but it's wonderful to have a place where I can choose anything on the menu.Hence, I was excited to read in the Isthmus that The Green Owl would be opening just a few blocks from my house. I went with some friends on the second day they were open. The style of the place is great - nice colors, modern lighting (the same lights I desperately want from Century House), and clean lines - without overdoing it. My husband thought the lighting was too bright for dinner, but I wasn't bothered by that. The waitstaff was very pleasant and unobtrusive.When I first became a vegetarian, I was uninterested in restaurants that made vegetarian versions of traditional omnivorous meals - not that many existed in 1992... Now, however, I enjoy them quite a bit. Many of the menu items are just that: eggplant meatballs, vegan schnitzel, Italian beef sandwich, while a few are meals that just happen to be vegetarian. If I ate meat, I would think that this place would get 3 stars. It's solidly good food, but not the way some of my favorite east-coast city vegetarian restaurants amaze me and my omnivorous companions (Horizons in Philadelphia, Dirt Candy or Pukk in New York). As a vegetarian-with-somewhat-vegan-leanings stuck in this brat and dairy land of Wisconsin, however, The Green Owl gets a secure 4-star rating. I think my Italian Beef Sandwich was one of the best things our group ordered, but I also thought the jumbalaya, schnitzel, and bbq jackfruit were excellent choices. Definitely order the kale crisps as a sandwich side - they are delicious! I can't quite figure out what spices they use on them, but they made me very happy. I agree with the last review of this place that while the pate was good, the baguette could use improvement. In general, I would argue that stepping up the breads for the sandwiches would also make a significant improvement - they're good enough, but could be better. I am a fan of the drink selection. Yay for Ale Asylum beers.
4	Praise be, Madison finally has a vegetarian restaurant! Best of all, The Green Owl fits the bill as a go-to spot whenever you happen to be in town---it's casual, affordable and has a good-sized menu so you can try something new each time you stop by. About 80% of the menu is vegan and all vegan items are labeled. Green Owl also has rotating vegan dessert specials daily. If you're in Madison and you're vegan or vegetarian or just like good food, this place should be at the top of your list.The space itself is lovely: bright; colorful; retro-mod with a bistro-bar ambience. The bar up front is a bit cramped and too close to the front door (a chilly spot in winter) but it'll be great in the summer. Green Owl has a good selection of unusual wines and beers.I do wish that Green Owl was a bit more casual and offered original coffee & tea drinks, so that the space could double-up as a coffee shop as well. I think it would draw people in and (hopefully) steal away customers from less veg-friendly places in that area. It would also save me the hassle of driving a mile down the road to the Williamson Street Co-op to pick up a fresh chai for my frequent trips to/fro Minneapolis to/fro Chicago.I first time I went I had a BBQ jackfruit sandwich with roasted potatoes ($8). The sandwich tasted good on a whole, but was not without flaws. For one thing, there wasn't enough jackfruit---it seemed like only a few small pieces. Secondly, I don't know if mixing coleslaw on the sandwich worked with the smoky-sweet flavor of the barbecue sauce. Lastly, the artisan bread was not toasted enough, and was too thick; I would have preferred a thinner, toasted whole wheat option. The roasted potatoes were a tasty side, though.I also had a slice of coconut creme pie ($6) for dessert. This was spectacular. It was oh-so-subtly sweet, with wonderfully airy "creme" and nice crispy-crumbly notes from shaved coconut and a great crust. The second time I went to Green Owl I had the "vegetarian Italian beef" (which is vegan; $9). This sandwich was excellent and tasted just like Italian beef sandwiches, though with seitan. The bread got nicely soggy and wet and brought back many memories. I think the seitan could have been marinated more in the sauce, but it was a great-tasting meal and much better than the BBQ jackfruit sandwich. I got it with a side of kale crisps, which were also awesome, and not usually seen on menus. The portion size could have been slightly larger given the price, but this was definitely a high-grade meal and well-executed.For dessert I had a slice of New York cheesecake ($6) which came topped with strawberries, whipped cream, caramel drizzle, and one fresh mint leaf. This cheesecake was wonderful and one of the best I've ever had. It was rich, but not too sweet, and the interplay of the caramel, strawberries, mint and whipped cream was divine.On my third visit, I had the vegan schnitzel ($13) which comes with either a soup or salad. The soup was an amazing winter vegetable medley that was quite spicy (probably too much so for most people, but just perfect for me). The schnitzel itself was also spectacular---I've never had real schnitzel, but this was a breaded, meaty marvel covered in a savory mushroom stroganoff-style sauce. I enjoyed the garlic green beans and roasted red potatoes that also came with the dish. For dessert I got a chocolate mousse tart ($6) which came with raspberry sauce and soy whipped cream; this was delicious and the chocolate had a slightly minty flavor. Green Owl consistently does excellent desserts.For the fourth visit I had their crabby cakes sandwich ($9) which was tasty on fluffy white bread. It seemed a bit small for the price tag, but it was still good. On a whole, I would recommend the Italian beef or the schnitzel over anything else (I have yet to try their jambalaya, however). I also had a slice of key lime cheesecake ($6) which was good, and had a nicely browned/baked top layer, though it wasn't as good as the New York cheesecake I'd had a couple months back.The service is always friendly and helpful. On at least two separate occasions my server also got me samples of the other available vegan dessert of the day, which was a great way to help me decide which dessert to choose.Every town should have an all-purpose veg. spot like this one. I'm glad Green Owl is around, though I'm afraid it'll prevent me from ever trying other places in Madison!
4	My boyfriend is vegan (although he eats fish now, so what's that? pescan?) and so we went to check this place out shortly after the grand opening with some of our friends.Tucked away in a cozy corner of Atwood St, the Green Owl definitely exceeded expectations. Specializing in homey comfort vegan/vegetarian cuisine, the meals there are simple but tasty. My favorites: The crabby cakes- rich, melt in your mouth flavor. It's hard to imagine that this actually doesn't have an ounce of crab in it. I'd say this is probably one of the best dishes on the menu. BBQ Jackfruit sandwich- a refreshing take on the pulled pork sandwich. The combination of fresh vinegary coleslaw and the jackfruit was suprising but worked well. The bread and spread- Green Owl features an appetizer special that features a daily homemade spread. The one we had was a beet and horseradish creation. The odd combination was delightfully tangy and spicy. I could eat tubs of that stuff. I'm looking forward to visiting again.
3	I'm not a vegetarian - so take this with a grain of salt...I was not impressed. The vegan cheese was a decent appetizer. The kale chips were different - worth a try. The roasted potatoes were pretty weak and the po boy was kind of boring.I liked the interior, but the food just didn't hit the mark. However, I'd give it a second try since they have a big menu. Also - I thought it was a bit expensive for being in Atwood and not using meat?!
5	I went here on a Sunday afternoon while driving across America and what a find!  As vegetarian restaurants goes this is first rate.  As all restaurants go... I'd probably be a little more critical.  But you try to make an Italian Beef sandwich out of seitan and see how well it turns out!  So, as a veggie restaurant this is a five star restaurant, easy.It has a great ambience, with cute indie and indie related music.  An excellent decor and good food.  I had the aforementioned Italian beef which was indeed made out of seitan.  It was spicy if not quite drippy enough, but pretty good.  I found the service to be very pleasant and prompt.
4	I'm giving The Green Owl four stars instead of three for two reasons: 1, it fills a niche that was basically unoccupied in Madison before its arrival; and 2, it's pretty new and I think it will improve with time.I've eaten at The Green Owl twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner.  The interior is really quite nice -- I love the light fixtures hanging above each table -- and they make really great use of the space (I say that as though I know what I'm talking about, but I don't -- it just seems like they fit as many tables in there as they can without actually crowding the place).  The women's bathroom, however, had one stall out of order and the other stall's lock was non-functional.  Not good for nervous pee-ers.  The bar at the front of the restaurant is a great place to hang out while you're waiting for a table.  The staff are friendly but not TOO friendly (a good thing) and competent but not TOO competent (a bad thing -- they were a bit slow with the water and the waiter forgot to bring my soup entirely).  Everyone who works there is pretty darn good-looking, which is a plus.  When I was there for lunch, it seemed as though there were WAY too many waiters hanging around, but at dinner, the staff-to-patron ratio was just right.The food is fine but nothing to write home about.  The Middle Eastern Plate is huge and definitely delicious, but my dinner entree (jambalaya) was just "pretty good," as was my friend's "meatball" sub.  The greens and potatoes served alongside were tasty but didn't really stand out, you know?  However, although I suspect that most of the dishes are this way (good but not great), I give it more of a pass than I would otherwise because, as I said, almost everything in the place is vegan and I'm pretty sure everything can be MADE vegan.  Unfortunately that's not something that can be taken for granted, even in Madison in 2010.  I'll definitely be back to The Green Owl before long, and I hope it becomes a place I'll look forward to going to as well.
4	I'm happy to report that I've been back to The Green Owl a few times since my review, and it's gotten better and better each time. I would say that it is now a solid 4 stars. Their nightly specials have been more naturally vegetarian food rather than fake meat, and have been great! I had the "vegetable strudel (vegan) with roasted red pepper sauce--phyllo dough wrapped roasted vegetables topped with red pepper sauce, served with rice pilaf." It was beautifully presented and tasty. The vegan phyllo was impressively buttery tasting. We also got the fish fry, which seems to be on the menu each Friday night now. I don't really know my Wisconsin fish fries, with the last time I had fish being 17 years ago, but it was delicious!The vegan cheese cake was surprisingly tangy (in a good, cheesecakey way) and all around awesome.I'm still not thrilled about the soups, which is surprising since the owner is pretty much "the soup lady" for Mother Fool's and other spots around town - the lentils in the dal weren't fully cooked, and my chili had so much tomato that I couldn't taste much else. They aren't terrible . . . but I would recommend a salad over the soup as a starter.
5	I had the Italian Beef last Friday afternoon and was already considering going back for another by that evening.  I mean I am totally cheap, but I would pay $20 for that sandwich alone.  My only complaint was that I've tasted much yummier kale crisps in my day.  Luckily the three year old next to me munched the things down after declaring them 'dinosaur chips.'  Oh!  And the orange blossom lemonade is something I would like to have on tap in my home.  Please.
4	So, the husband and I decided to start our Wednesday feasting with a very nice walk to The Green Owl. This fine vegan/vegetarian establishment is a gem on the end of the more populated, area of Madison, closer to the industrial area. But don't be a dud, check this place out. Our server was very sweet. We started with two Crabby Cakes, crisp, crab-like cakes, complete with dippin' sauce. I opted for a house kombucha and the husband got a cow-themed beer. We split a reuben and Italian beef sandwich with roasted potatoes and kale crisps. Sooo good! We polished our meal off with a slice of spicy chocolate "cheese cake" that was made with coconut milk. We were silent, as we tend to be during orgasmic food moments. My only suggestion: make the meals a bit bigger. Just a tad. I think being from Chicago left us wanting a little more, but overall, the food was awesome.
5	Being a vegetarian for over 10 years I was very excited to fall upon this restaurant wandering Madison. My husband, however, is not a vegetarian at all. After we went to have lunch here, I think a switch was turned on for him- vegetarian food can be filling and tasty and I don't need meat at every meal. He loved the Mediterranean appetizer and was had a hard time choosing what to eat for lunch. I mainly enjoyed this because of the enlightening moment my husband had but that is not to take away anything from the fantastic waitstaff, the decor, and the menu.
4	Awesome! Great veg/vegan food! And great waitstaff.
5	I left a meeting starving. Hopped in my rental car, fired up yelp, found this and read a review about a yummy crab po-boy. I thought yum! I love crab. I didn't read the rest and drove straight there.I get there, and ah ha! It's Vegan! Not a crab po-boy after all. Waaamp Waaaaaa.But...so, so delicious. I had the TLT (i think), an awesome raspberry tart and really delicious coffee.Will be back next time in Madison.
3	After a few more meals and a few more months, I'm downgrading Green Owl to three stars.  It's still a cool place, and a useful veggie alternative, but honestly, the food is just "meh."
5	There are many places to eat like this one in Los Angeles...eco-chic decor, funky service staff, eclectic diners...but thus far, this is the ONLY place in town that I have found a place where I can eat ANYTHING on the menu!!  Being in America's Dairyland, I suppose I cannot complain at the scarcity of vegan fare, but finding a place that was created specifically to fill that untapped niche is absolutely fantastic.  I have tried numerous things on their menu, with my favorites either being the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich or the Crab Cake Po'Boy sandwich.  I'm also a fan of their empanadas and gyro specials...and let's not forget dessert!  I don't even care if I'm completely stuffed...I always have to try a new dessert when I come here.  Vegan marshmallow creme?!  Vegan grasshopper cheesecake?!  Yes, please!
3	Mixed bag here.To start the appropriate green meal, I biked here on a warm Thursday. And of course that made me very thirsty for a cocktail. I ordered their passionfruit kombucha (looove) and vodka drink. That was very very tasty. Just what I needed after a long day plus a bike ride. I wasn't too hungry, so I just ordered a bowl of soup and kale chips to munch with my friend. While the kale chips was bit under my expectation, the curry cauliflower soup was very comforting to my stomach. It's the kind of dish you want to make and savor at home. My friend ordered the same soup (ugh copy cat), and the stuffed bell pepper dish. Unfortunately the stuffed red pepper did not delight us in any way. The spaghetti sauce like thing strangely looking too stiff and sitting top of the pepper  .... not really appetizing visually, and didn't taste good either.So on my first try, some hits and misses. I'll gladly bike to here again and sip a cocktail. By the way, check out the interior - it's lovely.
4	The Green Owl has gotten better and better ever since it opened, and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Its new menu (just in the last month or so) expands upon its previous solid menu to incorporate some of the specials that have been popular and were worthy of regular status. They've also brought in more entrees that aren't based on fake meat (the expanded variety is nice whether you like the fake meat or not!)I love having a vegetarian restaurant in Madison in general, but especially one that has such delicious food. Among my favorite dishes are the TLT with Avocado, the Vegetarian Meatball Sub, and the Friday Night Vegetarian Fish Fry. They also have great desserts, with a to-die-for (well, not literally) vegan chocolate cream cake with raspberry puree. And there are still so many things on the menu to try! (My less-favorite items are the Crabby Cake Po'Boy [a little too salty], the BBQ Jackfruit Sandwich [a little too sweet], and the Kale Crisps [a little too dusty]).I also really applaud the recent featuring of more local produce. There are just too many great producers to not take advantage of this! Oh and the decor! So charming and colorful.All in all, I really appreciate the Green Owl, and can't wait to try everything on the menu.
4	Really great restaurant, ate here for dinner, and the next day for lunch. I ordered the vegan jambalaya the first night. It was healthy, not mind blowing, and came with some very well cooked Kale and cornbread.For lunch I ordered the the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, Tomato w/ Avocado). Very common vegan menu feature, but done so well here with the best ingredients. One of the best sandwiches I've had from a restaurant. It comes with a really nice vegan aoli, and great bread. The side potatoes tasted like local produce.Really great for vegans...my friends all loved their meals.
4	Dear vegan schnitzel, let's have a baby together.  Seriously.  I'm not a vegan.  I'm not even a vegetarian, but I really enjoyed the schnitzel at Green Owl.  The serving was on the small side, but seriously America, the serving sizes you get at most restaurants are TOO BIG.  I did not leave hungry, especially since the schnitzel comes with veggie, roasted potatoes, and either a soup or house salad.  Boyfriend got the crabby cake po' boy, which he enjoyed.  He also pounded down his fair share of a vegan chocolate cake.  I thought the cake was a little too dense, but I'm not usually a chocolate cake gal.  The frosting was nice though.  They have an interesting beer selection at good prices, but luckily for me, I decided to pass on the booze and try the orange blossom lemonade.  It was heavenly.  I love the decor and all the cute little owls.  Hipsters would swoon.
3	i hate to admit it. but i'm more impressed with the seasonal cocktails, the charming decor and the waitstaff than the actual food the restaurant provides.still, i think this place offers an excellent and much-needed service to the vegetarian/vegan crowd.
4	Good food.  I am not vegetarian - not even close.  I'll spare you the quote from Pulp Fiction... The menu offered many items that sounded good to me.  I had a hard time choosing.  I decided to play it safe.  I had the TLT w/ Avocado and opted for a side of kale crisps.  The kale crisps were quite a surprise.  I was expecting something that looked like a potato chip.  Nope.  They were deep fried kale leaves that were nicely seasoned.  I probably won't go out of my way to go back there as I am not vegetarian.  However, I won't turn down the opportunity to return with one of my vegetarian friends.
3	I like the Green Owl, but I think there is a little room for improvement.  They have an extensive and diverse menu, which I really like.  The atmosphere is nice and I love the decor.  I know that they are filling a previously unfilled niche here in Madison.  Unfortunately, my entrees haven't been that tasty.  They are ok, but not amazing.  I'm going to try a couple more options and update.
4	This is my second visit here.  My first time was when it first opened and there was not a whole lot to write home about.Tonight it was fantastic!To begin with, service was a little slow.  It took about 5 min for our server to come and another 10 to get our cocktails.  But she was super nice and apologetic and the tasty drinks made up for it.  My man and I both got the special drink, a ginger snap, which contained yahara bay vodka, ginger liquer, lemon and lemon-lime soda.To start with I got the black bean chili topped with cheddar and sour cream, although vegan versions of both are available.  It was really really good!  For the main event, I got the faux fish fry, which I have been dying to try.  i was definately NOT disappointed, it was excellent!  It came with 2 "fish" patties, rosemary red skinned potatoes and coleslaw, plus my chili, for $12.  I will definately come back for it, again and again.  My man got the bowl of chili, which he loved, a side of potatoes (really good) and a side of hummus, which was not very good... It didn't seem to have any garlic in it at all and just tasted... dirty.  But everything else was awesome.Our food was soooooo good that we had to try dessert.  He got a smore dessert, which was a dense chocolate cake topped with a flambeed marshmallow fluff.  I haven't been able to have marshmallow in years, so that was a real treat!  I got raspberry cheesecake, which did not disappoint!  I am really happy with almost everything about this trip and will definately be back for the "fish." again!
5	We had the stuffed red pepper and tamales. They were both fantastic. Service was very prompt.
4	So happy it's here!This place reminds me of the Chicago Diner, which is impressive for li'l ole Madison.  The menu offers plenty of hearty vegetarian and vegan options, made with real food rather than fake meat,  I had the night's special, shepherd's pie.  The gravy was great - very meat-like, and it featured plenty of tasty, healthy kidney beans.  My friend had the beans and rice dish with steamed kale and miso sauce.  She said it was the perfect dinner after our indulgent yet unsatisfying brunch at Graze earlier in the day.  I wanted to try it, but was afraid I'd have to share some of my meal....The portion sizes were perfect.  I didn't leave the place feeling like I needed to purge, yet was a happy camper for the rest of the night.  I also had a great spicy Bloody Mary.  It's nice not having to tell the server to keep the beef stick out of my booze in this town.  I look forward to returning and recommend this place to anyone willing to try something new.
5	I was in Madison for a convention at the end of October and when I found out about the Green Owl, I had to check it out.I'm so happy I did. The place is in a cute neighborhood, the decor is sweet, the food was delicious and the servers were so nice. I usually don't order sandwiches because the bread tends to be too filling, but I ordered the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich just because it sounded so interesting. It was fantastic and just the right size. So inventive to use jackfruit to mimic pulled pork. It was tender, sweet and a little smoky. The kale chips were unique and delicious, too. My Dad got the Vegan Schnitzel and loved it.  Next time I'm in Madison, I'm definitely going back!
5	I have been meaning to write about this place for months...I was traveling the Midwest (live in California) for work and found this cafe using yelp. I was so excited to find a veg restaurant in Madison. It is located in a very cute little area in what looks like an older part of town. I arrived just after opening and the staff was so friendly. I asked my servers advice on what to have and her suggestions were perfect. The TLA sandwich was so tasty and the cup of chili went perfectly with it. The cafe is also very comfy and I loved the decor. If I ever make it back to Madison, I would defiantly eat here again!
2	I want to like this place more than I actually do. I've been a vegan for six years and although Madison has lots of veg options I was excited about an all veg restaurant. However after several visits I've decided that the food isn't anything special. Most menu items lack any real kick and are completely unremarkable. Bland, pedestrian, and kind of mushy.On the upside Their cocktails are fabulous (but even I can't make a meal out of mixed drinks) and their wait staff is great.For those looking for truly unique vegan dishes I would recommend any of madison's fine Loa, Thai, or Napali restaurants.
5	I LOVE this place... this was our first time here and I plan to return often.  I'm a vegan, or should say trying my best to stay vegan which is a challenge when eating out.  The jackfruit bbq sandwich was awesome (and this coming from a gal who used to live in Memphis and knows real bbq.)  And I love faux meat dishes. The tamarind hot and sour soup makes my mouth water thinking about it now as I write this.  I'll keep this short... go there, it's great.  Also, nice decor, nice wait staff, even the restroom was pretty.
5	The Green Owl is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Sometimes my body needs food that is fresh, delicious, and delicately prepared that won't put me into a coma and I simply can't afford to spend $50-100 (for two) at a place like Harvest. The food at Green Owl actually makes my body feel invigorated, without weighing me down or depleting my wallet. This is not the fanciest food in the world, but for the price, there's nothing like it. The Ceasar Salad, for example, is AMAZING. Whenever I eat one of these at a different restaurant, I can almost feel my arteries clogging up with grease. This one tastes way better and it makes my body feel good! Also adore the Schnitzel and the TLT.
5	This was a Yelp discovery for us.  We were looking for a nice healthy alternative to the franchise fare and we found it here.  There is a huge menu with all kinds of delicious selections.  We liked it so much we stopped by for a second visit during our long weekend visiting Madison.
3	Ehhh its ok .... I have had better I got the jamalaya and I thought it wasnt seasoned well, also. But I did love the po' boy  it was GREAT .. SO I guess this place is a hit or miss... also I hate that its not open every day.. I think I tried to go on a monday and it was closed
3	This place has amazing food for most vegetarians.  I just ate here and had the "BBQ Pork" sandwich.  It was a little too sweet because it had too much coleslaw on it, but once I took it off the sandwich, the two separated were delicious!  We tried the curry and bean (or lentil, can't remember) soup that was their soup of the day, and it was extremely addicting, and so was their vegan ranch dressing I had on my side salad.  I honestly can't wait to go back and try other sandwiches there.The only 2 reasons I only gave this place 3 stars, though, are:1. Price - $9 got me the sandwich and a side salad, no drink.  When the sandwich came out, I was pretty disappointed in the size of it.  Sure enough, even with the side salad and half of the soup I split with my husband, I wasn't full after my whole meal.  They need to make these portions bigger, give you more sides, or drop their prices.2. Service - the place was only half full, and there were 3 waitresses.  Ours was nice, nothing overly friendly or rude about her, just nice.  No one seated us right away, nor was there a sign saying if we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated, so my party of 4 just stood around trying to figure out what to do for about 3 minutes before someone even noticed we were there.  Once we were seated, we had enough time to look at the menu, and our waitress took our order.  The food didn't take too long to come out, but once we did have our food, I asked for more water and my husband asked for some hot sauce.  She only came back with the water after taking another table's order, cleaning the men's bathroom and cleaning 2 tables, by which time I was almost done with my extremely dry meal.  She then came over like she knew all along with the water, didn't apologize for the wait, and filled our glasses and dropped off the bottle of hot sauce (also after my husband was nearly done with his meal).  Lastly, it took her 20 minutes (I'm not kidding) from the time we finished her meal for her to clear our plates and get our checks to us, and that doesn't include running the cards and bringing back our receipts.  Basically, this is a delicious place for extremely good vegetarian and vegan food, and I'm ecstatic that Madison has this cafe here, but in the future I think I'll just order things to go instead of suffer through 2 hours of my life trying to just eat a quick meal (with nothing to drink).
5	I am very sad that the Green Owl doesn't live here in Milwaukee.  It's fantabulous!  Great food, warm atmosphere, nice people, what's not to like??We ordered the TNT (tempeh bacon, lett, tomato w/ avocado) and the curried chick'n sandwich.  Both were fantastic with flavor and the sides were tasty and original (crispy Kale chips?!).  The TNT sandwich was a little on the small side, I have to say, but the flavor made up for it.Great local beer selection, nice staff (Heather was very accommodating and quick!), cute decor.  If I was a Madisonite, I would be at this place several times a week.
5	Adorable! Great nice people, cutest anthropologie-esque decor, and great comfort food. The vegan schnitzel, bbq jackfruit sandwich, crabby cakes are all great, but the crispy kale chips were definitely the most addictive. I can't wait to come back!
3	Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian or a vegan and I love owl decor.I have wanted to go here for quite awhile and after reading reviews on here I was intrigued to see what type of experience I would have. It turns out that most of the reviews are true and it just depends on what you get and who your waiter is. I got the Crabby Cake Po'Boy with the kale chips. The crabby cake itself was pretty good but the sandwich as a whole was not spectacular. The chipotle sauce was overly hot without the flavor spicy things should have in addition to the heat and the sandwich was mushy. I understand the lack of meat makes things a little less textured but adding a large leaf of romaine lettuce or slices of cucumber would have added a much needed crunch to the sandwich. As for the kale chips, they were very salty, which was elevated by the fact that we never got a water refill and because of that I couldn't make it through my entire side of salty kale chips.The comments about portion are true, the dishes are pretty small and because of that, I do think the prices are a bit too much but the vegetarian I went with absolutely loved her fake meatball sub made with eggplant. We both agreed that the sandwiches are good (mine would have been a lot better with the added fresh veggies!), the sides are not good (she got the potatoes which were not very good), and the service could have been better. I agree with the other people who said it is odd that they don't use very much veggies and all of the bread is white...they should embrace being a healthy vegetarian/vegan a little bit more and focus more on veggies and less on meat substitute.
3	I agree with a couple of other reviewers that I wish this place were not so focused on meat-substitute foods, and would have more of a variety of vegetables and grains on their menu rather than soy/wheat-based fake meat. I also agree that the prices are rather high considering that much of the food is homey/sandwich-y fare, with small portions at that. That said, I'm very happy to see a vegan/veggie place in Madison doing so well! The food is pretty good (I've gotten the tempeh/avocado/lattuce/tomato sandwich with those crispy yummy kale chips), though I wasn't in love with the dessert my friend ordered us (some kind of vegan cheesecake, which I knew was a mistake from the beginning).
5	I LOVE this place! The place is clean and unique and the vibe is wonderful! I had the TLT and have never had such delicious 'fakon' before in my life (and I love bacon). I am excited to see more local produce on the menu as the season allows it. I don't quite get why people are complaining about the number of fake meat options. Most restaurants can easily pull off a truly vegetable dish while few places can master the protein alternative. The Green Owl Cafe should be celebrated for its ingenuity. I can't wait to go back.
5	This place is so cute! I had the TLT Avocado sandwich with Kale crisps and then the mocha chocolate cake for dessert. All vegan and all DELICIOUS. I will definitely be back!
5	I have never had a bad or even average meal here. My favorite is probably the BBQ jackfruit sandwich at lunchtime.  The interior is gorgeous and the bar has some very tasty concoctions that often feature local spirits.
5	Maybe the best omelette I've ever had. The right proportions of everything-eggs, veggies, potatoes-and the seasoning was spot on. A relaxed but tasteful place with personality-and friendly college student wait staff. Whenever I'll be in Madison, it will be a priority to return.
5	How is this place real? Everything I ate was wonderful and I wish it was in my city. I had the BBQ jackfruit sandwich and the curry salad sandwich (we each got one and split them) and they were both wonderful, and not heavy stomach lumps immediately like most fake meat sandwiches (cough cough Chicago Diner.) Roasted red potatoes on the side were also nicely seasoned. I got the orange blossom lemonade, which was delicious and not too sweet.For dessert - vegan cheesecake. In general, vegan cheesecake is, sorry, pretty disgusting and weird. But somehow, the Green Owl got the consistency of cheesecake EXACTLY right -- it was smooth and creamy, and delicious! I got the special one that had pineapple and caramel and it was seriously amazing. The only thing I wasn't super stoked on was the price, but it wasn't too bad; plus, they split the check multiple ways easily and the service was great. Any future trip to Madison will definitely include a stop here for me!
5	Everything about The Green Owl is excellent. Both the host and server were really friendly, and I ended up ordering one of the sandwiches on special--I can't remember what it was called but it was a mixture of seitan and portabella complete with strips of cucumber, shreds of carrots, slices of jalapenos, and smothered in a delicious sauce. The roasted red potatoes on the side were perfectly cooked and seasoned. I really appreciated that the menu clearly designated which options were vegan, and it was so nice to be able to have soymilk in my coffee in an establishment other than a coffeehouse. In addition, the decor is beautiful. I can't do it justice with a description, so I'll just say that it was the perfect fusion between clean and modern and natural. If you're in the Madison area, you have to check out The Green Owl Cafe!
5	The Green Own in a word: FAKE.  Well, more succinctly: FAUX.  As a card-carrying meat-eater, I could eat here weekly and never miss that fat juicy real steak.  I don't particularly like Schnitzel, but the Green Owl Schnitzel is amazing!  Tonight I had the empanadas, which were fantastic in their own right, but the accompanying rice and beans, usually neglected add-ons, were unbelievable.  I could make a meal of that rice alone.  Relaxed, casual, up-beat atmosphere.  All in all, a great experience.  We will be back, no question.
4	I went here over this past summer. This is the cutest place! I mean it's so CUTE! I love the decor. For the very first time in my life I decided to try Kale chips and I am so glad I did it at Green Owl because they were beyond good! I loved them! In fact, I loved them so much that I looked up how to make them on my own. Addicted.Also, the menu is very creative. I had the bbq Jackfruit Sandwich and it was pretty good. For a minute I forgot that it was jackfruit, and thought hmm something  is different about this sandwich. My fiance was like "hello it's not pork!!" Right. haha.I had some sort of lemonade drink too, can't remember exactly what it was but it was yum!It wasn't the best food of my life but it was good and the atmopshere is nice.I would go back to Green owl 1.) for the Kale Crisp; 2.) it's so cute; 3.) I'd like to try some other things on the menu.
4	It's always a great find when you encounter a restaurant that looks for inventive ways to serve delicious, healthy food - and The Green Owl Cafe does just that.  My husband loves the BBQ jackfruit sandwich (which on a blind taste test, can be mistaken for pulled pork) and I enjoyed the stuffed red pepper.  Simple in design and flavor, I am also a huge fan of the kale crisps appetizer and have incorporated it into my repertoire of good eats.
5	The bf and I very much like this place. A.LOT.we went to Madison for less than 24 hours and about 5 of them were spent here.everything we had was veganday 1 - dinner:  shnitzel with creamy mushroom sauce with roasted potatoes and crispy, steamed broccoli.  jesus christjambalaya with cornbread and kale, side of roasted eggplant chili. jesus christchocolate lava cake (hot melted chocolate oozing out of a bundt cake, a bit on the drier side but it didn't stop me from licking the plate)day 2 - linner: greek salad with heeping tabouli and all the fixins plus grilled marinated lemon tofu bites (the tabouli could have used more lemon, but that's just my taste)crabby cakes - OH GOD. mushroom and tofu formed into moist patties with a chipotle mayo ramoulade. christpizza - (on special) un-chicken buffalo bbq with vegan cheese (i actually didn't hate it) and caramelized onions and other goodies. the crust was P.E.R.F.E.C.T.no dessert this time b/c oh i don't know why.i need this place...i love owls. great staff. adorable of course.
5	Food here is amazing. The TLT (tempeh, lettuce, tomato and avocado) is ridiculously good. The staff is friendly, and happy to offer up suggestions. They also have great soup options every day, It is all vegan and vegetarian fare, but don't let that scare you away! The flavors will make your mouth happy.
4	I like this place more every time I visit! I've tried just about everything on the menu and all of it is super tasty and fresh. The kale chips are awesome! Even my non-veg guy is a fan of this place.
5	One of my absolute favorite restaurants in WI... Heck, anywhere.  A vegan paradise!!!  Love the food, the atmosphere... we've met some friends here as well.  The TLT (Tempeh, lettuce, tomato) sandwich is amazing.  I have yet to try anything I didn't like a LOT, including coconut cream pie... mmm... pie :) - ONLY drawback for me is that the coffee comes in a french press...  I love coffee, hate french presses.  For vegetarian dining in WI this is as good as it gets! :)
5	I've heard good things about GOC.  We had our first "taste" tonight and I must enthusiastically agree with the positive reports!  We will definitely return and recommend to the GOC!  Now after several visits ... Still five stars!
5	Really liked the food here.  Even though the portions are not huge, i thought it was worth the price.  I especially liked thr main courses I tried: the schnitzel and the 'pork' cutlet with spaetzel.  Both are rare on vegan menus, and both delicious.  The crabby patties were excellent as well.  Service was ok for me, but a large group there seemed to have some difficulty.
5	This place is great! I am pescatarian, and it is great to find a place where I don't have to compromise. The food is great, and service is really top notch. The prices are very reasonable too.
4	Wandered in recently before a concert at the Barrymore. Place is absolutely adorable and the staff were so nice. I had a few fairly idiotic questions as there was plenty on the menu I wasn't familiar with. My server was happy to explain and even seemed really excited to talk about what they do.The menu was so much more "meaty" so to speak than some other places that cater to the vegan/vegetarian market....Meaning you'll find some very filling and unique things like Vegan Schnitzel (Which was delicious by the way) and their take on pulled-unpork and uncrab patties.Very local and fresh ingredients. Decent prices. Nice beer list and signature cocktails infused in house. I am neither a vegan nor a vegetarian and I was very satisfied with my experience. It's work checking out.
4	Just a great place for vegetarians and non-veg. (like my partner) alike. The Mediterranean platter is full of tasty goodies, had a lovely mushroom cream soup, partner had the yummy shnitzel and I had the great stuffed pepper (lentils, quinoa, good tomato sauce). Nice decor, subdued lighting, reasonable noise level and friendly/helpful wait staff complement the picture...becoming one of my favorite places in Madcity.
4	I am not a vegetarian, but my wife is. From my non-vegetarian foodie perspective this is really good food in every sense of the word. Started off with some of the mole chili, followed by the BBQ jackfruit. Marvelous layered flavors in both. The jackfruit BBQ satisfied my ever-present longing for pulled pork NC-style. And it came with these great kale chips on the side: freshly made, feather-light. crispy, and lightly salted, and nothing like those widely available rock-hard raw kale chips. Washed it all down with some tasty locally made kombucha (lemon grass, ginger, etc.). They offer many items vegan or non-vegan, if that matters. Some good craft ales and other alcoholic beverages available too, but it was lunch time and I was driving. Nice outdoor seating on a quiet stretch of road. Now I'm looking for some jackfruit here in NY. That BBQ recipe will be mine.
4	The Green Owl Cafe might be my new lover.I moved to Madison determined to be faithful to my favorite vegetarian restaurant in Boston (well, actually, it's in Cambridge - naturally). But I strayed over to the Green Owl today, and I have a feeling I may stray again.Many of the dishes here are both approximations of items that include meat, but they still work with the texture and taste of the meat substitute. It's not just, "Remove the meat and let's throw in some tofu." While my BBQ jackfruit sandwich did not taste *just like* pulled pork, the tangy sauce worked with, rather than against, the meaty flavor and stringy texture of the fruit. The "crabby cakes" (tofu and mushroom base, with a spicy chipotle sauce) were simply yummy (that is the most precise description I can think of). The TLT (read: BLT with tempeh instead of bacon) with avocado was divine.We also loved our desserts (vegan vanilla cheesecake and vegan strawberry shortcake). It is still incredible to me that one can make vegan whipped cream.Cute decor and nice outdoor seating. Our service was some of the best I've had in years. Our waitress was unfailingly cheerful and seemed to constantly be making the rounds to refill our water, not disappearing into the kitchen for 30 minutes at a time.I'll be back to try the curry melt, the vegan schnitzel, the jambalaya, and the empanadas. Even the vegetarian meatball sub sounds good.I also see on their Facebook page that they have monthly raw food dinners. The menu from last month's looks pretty outrageous: cucumber-dill soup, watermelon-tomato salad, hummus and crackers, "BBQ" papaya "steak" with veggie kabobs and corn on the cob, berry cobbler with banana ice cream, all for $25 prix fixe! I'm marking my calendar now.
4	Who.Who.Who hasn't been yet, and why?
4	so.  feeling a little under the weather.  and i just ran the madison mini marathon, even though i probably shouldn't have. (a "dnf" is just not this girl's style!)  i'm an out of towner and i'm looking for a vegan meal to share with my man.  we hit up the happy cow app looking for something good.  i'm feeling just side of miserable, not really hungry and concentrating hard just not to barf.  he yells out, "how about the green owl?"  he could have said, "how about hardees?"  and i'd probably have agreed.  it was that serious.but we went.  the waitress brought out some awesome iced tea.  some vegan crabby cakes.  my day started to turn around.  my frown?  well.  it started to miraculously turn upside down.  i told my husband i'd have the empanadas.. but i probably wouldn't finish them.  my stomach was doing flip flops.  i'd probably just pick at them.  they came out, and i fucking devoured them.  when the waitress asked if we wanted to have any after dinner sweets, my husband looked at me sympathetically, knowing i probably didn't feel like it.  the waitress said, "we have vegan coconut cream pie."she had me at hello.seriously.  forget the fork, bring out a shovel.i felt good eating it... and then seriously ate myself sick again.i left knowing i ate really good food, but feeling so ill.  i laid across the backseat of our car in mortal pain.  it wasn't you, green owl.   it was me.  so here's the endorsement:  the food is so good here that you will want to eat it despite the fact that your body is completely wrecked from having the flu, being on some crappy medication, and then having just run a mini marathon.  you will be unable to stop yourself from shoving it in your face!!
4	My husband had the schnitzel and I had the crabby cake po' boy.  Magnificent!  We also had the caramel cheesecake and I nearly dropped dead.  My only gripe is about the prices.  Just a tad bit too high.   But lordy, I could eat here every day.
2	All the stuff here IS stuff I would cook for myself, but somehow, it fails. The sauces on my greens were too cloying. Also, the fake meat had the wrong texture, and there was way too much of it, everywhere on the menu. The spices fall flat, and I think the chef really wants it to taste like "vegan" health food. I'm not sure what you do to make that happen, but it did. Mid-meal, I wondered "Where is the hummus?"Above all: none of the entrees are just vegetables.What?!?!? Don't be a vegan if you aren't going to eat the veggies.Little vegan wanting to share their love of vegan food with your friends? Don't bring your friends here, they will think you're gross. (And you will be, that "pork cutlet" is going to be in your intestines for a week.) Instead, show them the way with some delicious ethnic food or point out the dish you're getting at whatever restaurant. Or, for garsh sakes, sautee some ish.
5	Legit..easy good food
4	After trying a vegan chocolate cake from Whole Foods and thinking it was absolutely disgusting, I wasn't sure I'd buy into the vegan deal again.  Alas, my very good friend love love loves this place, so I thought I'd try it with her.  I had the special that day which was billed as vegan, but I added cheddar cheese - fried green tomato sandwich with spicy aioli, with potatoes.  Woah.  So very very good.  I didn't think that vegan bread could be that good, but it was crusty, a little flakey, but soft on the inside... perfect really.  And... I got potatoes to make sure I was full, and they were pretty good, but I'd recommend the kale chips.  You can get potatoes anywhere.The wait staff was wonderful - we were there at 3, with zero other customers.  The ladies were chatting and hanging out near the bar, but they were very attentive to us - I thought our server read my mind when she appeared with water just as I was thinking that I'd like more.  She was also gracious with my skepticism... not much more I could ask for. Give it a try!
5	My wife saw a news piece on this restaurant, so we thought we'd give it a try.  I have never eaten in a vegan restaurant before.  I tried the Meatball Sandwich, which had no meat.  My wife had the TLT with Avocado sandwich using gluten free bread.  My sandwich was excellent.  My wife enjoyed her meal as well.  The bread on her sandwich was baked in house, not frozen.  She was amazed at how much it tasted like regular bread.  For dessert, we had Coconut Cream Pie that was Vegan & gluten free and was wonderful.  They really seem to take pride in what they serve and the waitress was very knowledgeable and answered all questions regarding the menu.  We are adding The Green Owl to our list of eateries.
4	I agree with a lot of the previous reviews.  The food is, for the most part, diner food with clever meat substitutes. Don't come expecting to find robust and imaginative vegetarian entrees with an ethnic flair.  I would recommend Swagat, Himal Chuli, or the Mermaid Cafe for that. However, the food is nice when you miss your meaty favorites.  The menu is always a challenge for me because I miss so many of the diner flavors.  I want one of everything!I had the Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato sandwich.  It wasn't bacon, but it did meet my craving for a good BLT.  My dinner companion had the schnitzel and spoke highly of the marinara sauce.  He also raved about the vegan cheesecake.  I don't see myself craving anything on the Green Owl's menu, but it is very nice to go somewhere where I can order anything on the menu.There is street parking and a lot that appears open after business hours.  Parking can be tricky on weekends.The service was helpful, friendly, and welcoming.
5	From start to finish- our experience was divine!  The soup, entrees and desserts were outstanding!  My non-vegetarian guy did not miss the meat at all.  Green Owl's facebook updates of daily specials look and sound delectable every day!  This restaurant is on the repeat list for sure!
2	Jackfruit sandwich = cat food & pickles.  No thanks.
4	Good Food, not just good Vegan Food.Lunch for four as my daughter was leaving for a month to go overseas.  We picked the Green Owl as being both convenient and vegetarian, meeting our two most important criteria of the day.What we got was also delicious.  As a meat eater, I am often disappointed by the food at vegetarian/vegan restaurants.   Basically they seem to assume that they get points for being vegan. Blech.Not at the Green Owl.  I have to say, I would be happy to bring anyone there, and expect to be served food that pleases all palates.  All four meals were fine, but by consensus the eggplant meatball sandwich was the winner.  Really good, I mean better than most meatballs you get anywhere else good.  I will say service was slow, and it was not particularly packed (3/4 full?).  Prices were not high, but not cheap for lunch either - 10 to 13 is pricier than most places.  It was for those two reasons that I gave the Green Owl four stars rather than five.The cinnamon roll cheesecake loved by the three ladies - myself I found the cinnamon to much, but I will concede I am not a huge fan of it.  I look forward to returning.  For a more detailed review, plus pictures, try my blog review, at: http://foodmadeoflove.blogspot.com/2013/01/green-owl-restaurant-review-madison-wi.html
5	This is what a vegetarian restaurant should be. There were so many yummy sounding options that I had trouble choosing. The kale and bean soup was fantastic, I wish I could get it regularly. I had the stuffed red pepper. It came out piping hot and very delicious. My daughter had the vegan schnitzel and loved it. The service was a bit slow, but was attentive and friendly. If you are in a hurry, let them know. The portions were "right sized," which in today's world can seem a bit small. On the upside, we still had room for dessert, which we loved. We found The Green Owl on Yelp as we were driving through Madison. We went there for dinner and it will be our "go to" restaurant when road trips take us through Madison again.
2	Second time here, and still a fail. I want SO BADLY to like this restaurant. As a vegetarian, it can be hard to find good options at restaurants. However, for me, Green Owl falls flat on flavor and originality.Last go around, I had the TLT (tempeh instead of bacon) and kale chips. The TLT was just boring to me, and the kale chips too bitter (although, note that I'm spoiled by the chips I make at home).This go around, I tried the veggie chili and stuffed bell pepper. The chili was full of chunky tomatoes and some onions, but I only found 2 chili beans. The flavor was tomatoey without much spice (if any?). The stuffed bell pepper also had very little flavor, and I couldn't find any almonds or raisins in it (as the menu indicated). It would have been delicious with a variety of different spices, but instead was just another tomatoey-flavored soft mess. My table mates doused their food heavily with salt to make up for the flavor...I couldn't bring myself to add all that msg when some red pepper, cumin, cilantro, ginger, dear-god-anything would really have been amazing!For those who are vanilla eaters and don't like any sort of spice, this might be your perfect cup of tea. Or, if you're in to all the fake meats--most of the menu options involve fake meats. However, I'd rather eat something that isn't trying to be some meat entree. I'd rather my vegetarian meal stand on its own, as something delightfully yummy for what it is (not what it's trying to be). A focus on vegetables would be a nice touch, too...love my veggies! Vedge restaurant in Philadelphia is fantastic, for comparison...Oh, Green Owl, good luck...I want to try you and like you. I'll keep an eye on the menu to see if anything changes!
5	If it were legal, I would marry the green owl and have little green owl babies and spread them all over so that more people could enjoy this fabulous place!The bf and I were in Madison visiting his folks, and we wanted to try out a local veggie friendly spot. This restaurant not only met our expectations, but exceeded them.Ordered:-"Fish" sandwich with vegan coleslaw and tartar and roasted potato for the side.-Vegan chili with cornbread-Kale chipsDessert:-Raw Tropical Cheesecake-Vegan Chocolate Lave Cake.I'm not blowing smoke up their ass when I say everything was amazingly delicious.My faux fish sandwich was so ridiculously good, and somehow fishy tasting! You would have never guessed that anything on the plate was actually vegan! My bf really enjoyed the chili as well. The kale chips were crisp and flavorful, but just a tad oily for our liking.The real stars of the show were the INCREDIBLE desserts. The raw cheesecake had some much flavor and the texture was spot on. The vegan chocolate lava cake was heaven sent. Rich and gooey and delicious!The servers were friendly and the food was served prompt. For those who have never been there, you should probably not be claustrophobic, as many of the tables are very close together. I didn't mind though cause I got to check out all the awesome food that people were eating!I can't wait to move to Madison and come here on a weekly basis! And their website tells me they have a monthly raw meal dinner?! Sign me up!
3	I would give The Green Owl 4-5 stars for their food, but unfortunately their service really knocks them down. I came here with my boyfriend last week. After we were seated, it took us a little while to flag down our waitress so that we could order. We split an order of crabby cakes; my boyfriend ordered a bowl of chili with sour cream and cornbread, and I ordered the "meatball" sub with kale chips as a side. The crabby cakes came out very quickly, and they were covered with a delicious creamy sauce. We instantly devoured them. My boyfriend is a meat-eating tofu hater, and even he enjoyed these. Upon bringing out the crabby cakes, our waitress told us that our entrees should be out "very soon."Our food didn't arrive for another 40 minutes, and our waitress never stopped by to assure us that it was on its way or to explain what was causing the delay. Oh well. The food, once it did get to our table, was delicious. My sandwich was piping hot, the bread roll was crispy, and the eggplant meatballs held up well in the sandwich (they weren't mushy) and were flavorful.I would've liked to try a dessert, but $6 for an average sized portion was a little too steep. I will probably come back to the Green Owl. Even though the service is lacking, there are so many more items on the menu I'd like to try!
3	Was good...TLT with avocado delish.. Reasonably priced.. I just went there again and had the jackfruit BBQ which was good along with the kale chips as a side that was surpassingly good.
4	I visited here on my first visit to Madison, St. Patrick's Day actually---appropriate...GREEN owl, get it? So anyway I had the Tofu Scrambler with red potatoes, and my boyfriend got the French Toast. I was impressed with both! I actually never like French toast and I loved this one... I also had a French press of the Just Coffee-- very cool that they serve that, and have their own Green Owl roast too. The ambiance was nice, too, nice and casual and hip, but the prices were high for the ambiance and neighborhood. Also my waitress seemed so hip that she couldn't bother being friendly.Great food though, greeeeat fooooood.
4	Get the TLT with avocado - you won't be disappointed! I ate there once while visiting the area and it was great. I wish I had been able to try more offerings on the menu.
4	Vegans and non-vegans alike can rejoice in this brightly-decorated cafe and order pretty much anything off the menu with the assurance that it will be a mouth-watering endeavor. We ordered the vegetarian chili with cornbread, Santa Fe salad, and the "fish" fry special which comes with a side of your choice. Though the fish fry was excellent, my favorite of the three was the Santa Fe salad - it came perfectly dressed in a savory cilantro lime dressing, with generous slices of avocado. The chili was surprisingly flavorful. In all cases, there was a great attention to spices; it's one of the reason why I like vegan/vegetarian cafes since they seem to have this in common. The wait staff is fully knowledgable about the food. I asked if there was flour in the "fish" fry breading and I got a run down of the ingredients in both the vegan and vegetarian options - indicating the staff is fully prepared to engage in and anticipate any specific dietary needs. Dessert was a slice of vegan-friendly mango cheesecake. There were splashes of ginger, lime, and mint. It tastes just like cheesecake, minus the heavy feeling of swallowing a brick of butter and cream cheese. Coffee is excellent, it comes in an individual serving-size french press.
4	Popped in to TGO for lunch. We had our meal in less than 10 minutes, and it was amazing as usual. If you are looking for vegan comfort food in Madison, this is the place to go. Definitely choose the kale chips as your side. They melt in your mouth!
4	The service was great, the hostess and our waitress were both pleasant - my water glass was kept full, and empty dishes were promptly bussed away. I ordered the featured entree that evening, the Spaetzle, which was topped with red bell peppers and a mushroom sauce that also had onions. Tasty, but heavy! I think I would have preferred my boyfriend's meal though; he ordered the (vegan) schnitzel, which came with an identical sauce as mine. I did get to steal a few bites, and it was really tasty. I think my favorite part of the meal was the side salad (house) and side soup (cajun chili). The place was nicely set up, but crowded - there was a couple on either side of us, close enough to touch without even straigthening my elbow! Overall, I'd like to head back sometime and try one of the sandwiches instead of an entree. I wouldn't get the spaetzel again, it was just a little too bland.
4	Really good food and service even for omnivores!
4	Really great place for vegetarians and omnivores alike. One of the reasons I love this place is that it is one of the few places in town that will actually take reservations for brunch. Their meatless dishes actually mimic meat quite well. The decor its kitchy and cute.
4	Hey.  If I can take my carnivorous Mister here and he can leave satisfied, you know they're doing something right.  True story.  Being a veg, it's such a treat to get to peruse the WHOLE menu and not have to play the "scan-the-menu-for-something-that-doesn't-say-fish-or-chicken-or-beef-and-settle for-that" game.  And everything I've had here has been good.  Sandwiches are in the $8-9 range and are each served with a side.  Upgrade to a bowl of soup, which I'd definitely recommend - all the soup I've tried here has been delish. Entrees are pricier, but nothing outrageous at $11-13 and each comes with a soup or salad. They seemed to be in the process of re-doing their drink menu (which is good, they're adding descriptions which is nice) and things were averagely priced ($4ish for beers, $6ish for mixed drinks, etc.).  The Bloody Mary I had last time was thick (good) and a bit overly peppery for my taste, but maybe you'd like it... Staff & service have been consistently good when I've been here, every time I chat with them about recommendations and they genuinely seem to love the food and want to tell you what they like and why... I appreciate some good honest opinions!BOTTOM LINE:  Cheerfully painted, well-lit, friendly staff, and  good food..,. definitely a place to check out, vegetarian or not!
5	My girlfriend and I stopped here on the way through Madison.  We decided to get lunch here at about 2 in the afternoon because we were hungry and had heard about how good this place is.  We were quickly astonished how good this place is.  First, the decor, albiet kitschy was pretty well done and fit with the theme of the restaurant's name.I don't normally go to vegetarian/vegan only places, but I would go here all the time if this place existed close to home.  The food was freaking amazing.  I started off with the in-house-made orange blossom lemonade.  WOW!!!  Not overly done with the orange blossoms, but it was a major component.  A++ on that!  Then, I ordered the TLT w/ Avocado while my girlfriend ordered the Jackfruit BBQ sandwich.  Both were freaking amazing, although I liked the tempeh on the TLT better than the jackfruit.  I think that's just a preference.  I actually thought the vegan TLT was better than a BLT with Neuske's bacon.  I am out of my freaking mind!  It was SOOOOO good.  I had the side of roasted potatoes, and while they were quite good, I should have went with the kale chips like my companion did.  Those were delicious as well.We followed up with a dessert of some sort of fresh, vegan, raspberry tart with "ice cream".  The "fake" ice cream and "fake" whipped cream topping were amazingly good, and I didn't know they weren't "real".  Mind you, I've had some preconceptions about vegan food, and The Green Owl has squashed them all.Vegan food can be AMAZING if done in the right way by the right chefs.A+++++ I will be stopping here pretty much anytime I drive through Madison.
4	I came back to the Green Owl this past weekend because I recently "liked" them on Facebook  and keep seeing updates (with drool-inducing photos) of their daily specials (also, the owner commented on my last lukewarm review and stated that an influx of Groupon customers may have been the cause of the subpar service we experienced).Needless to say, the service this time around was very much improved. This time I tried the curry lentil soup, which was thinner than I thought it would be, but very flavorful. I got the eggplant meatball sandwich again (I came so close to ordering the vegan schnitzel but I caved at the last minute and went with a tried and true favorite). Oh my goodness, it was so good. I actually will be trying my hand at making my own eggplant meatballs next week because they are all I want to eat now! I also ordered the roasted potatoes as a side this time instead of the kale crisps (I found the kale crisps to be a tad too salty). I'm glad I made the switch -- the potatoes are delicious. Usually potatoes are pretty ho-hum and are left behind at the end of a meal, but these were perfectly seasoned and cooked, and I love that the skins were left on.I still have yet to try their desserts. One day I will have to trek over here just for a slice of their cheesecake.
5	We stopped here for "brunch" in early May 2013 on a drive from Providence, RI, to Billings, MT after seeing yelp reviews for vegan/vegetarian places in Madison. The vegan sausage was delicious and the breakfast food in general was very good (I had vegetarian Nuevos Rancheros with vegan chorizo). The coffee was great after driving about 20 hours. The inside of the restaurant looks really cute, especially the paintings on the wall. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great vegan/vegetarian place, and look forward to going back for lunch or dinner.
4	God I love this place.  This time I had un-chikn parm with daiya (yummmmmmmmm). The garlic bread could have been more, well you know, garlicky.  I like me some fresh garlic on my bread.  Salad was delish.  BF had ital seitan sandwich. very good although he was still hungry. He said he expected more seitan on the 'wich. I was refreshed by the arny palmer. soooooo good.  you are still pleasing me!
4	The mole jackfruit burrito tasted just like pulled pork and they added dairy cheese per my special request! Our crabby cake app was extremely tasty. I also loved the martini mixed with home made herb infused vodka. They were so nice to our kids and brought out a box of toys and plastic owl cups.
5	In was sort of skeptical of how this place was actually going to be before walking in for the first time. The outer facade definitely screamed hole in the wall, but upon walking in, we were met with a fairly modern interior, friendly and quick service, and above all, very yummy food. I had the Middle-Eastern platter (SO good, by the way) and my folks and I shared an order of bread pudding (more like French toast if you ask me), some kale crisps, and a piece of raw Red Velvet "cake". And let me tell you, the red velvet was AMAZING. You've never had beets this way before. The Sunday brunch crowd was pretty busy, but we were still able to get a table and get our food in a fairly reasonable amount of time. Prices weren't the cheapest we've ever seen, but it was definitely worth it. I would absolutely go again. You should too!!
4	I'm not a big fan of vegan/vegetarian food in general, but I think this place has a really cool concept.I really like how they emulate popular meat dishes from a vegan perspective like Un-chicken Parmesan, Vegetarian Italian Beef and BBQ Jackfruit. They also have an extensive and interesting drinks menu, involving very unique mixes like ginger beer and Kombucha. I got a Bonfire (specialty drink), Bedlam and Vegetarian Italian Beef with a side of crispy kale.  Personally, I didn't enjoy my Vegetarian Italian Beef that much, just because I love real meat too much. However, everything else was good, especially the kale.This was definitely an unique experience, but I'm not sure if I'll be back just because this isn't really my scene.
4	I have been wanting to go to Green Owl since following them on Facebook for probably about a year now. I am always intrigued by their delicious-sounding specials and appetizing food photography. So when planning a day trip to Madison, I knew right away where I wanted to go for dinner.My boyfriend and I started with cocktails. I got their lavender infused gin and lemonade and it was divine! After reading other reviews we decided to order the crab cakes as an appetizer. Thanks for the tip, yelpers! The crab cakes were rich in flavor and the unexpected spiciness complimented them perfectly! I don't think I could go back without ordering them again!  For dinner, I order the bbq jackfruit sandwich with kale crisps and my boyfriend ordered the fish fry. I absolutely loved my sandwich. The bbq sauce was delicious and coleslaw was very good too. I was underwhelmed by the kale crisps, but probably just because they were hyped up so much on other reviews. My boyfriend liked his fish fry, but the fish filets were rather small and didn't look homemade. The tartar sauce was out of this world though!I can't wait to go back! The guy next to us had the Italian beef and GD, that looked and smelled great!
1	Very disappointed. I'm vegan, so I was super excited to try this place. My friend and I split the vegan schnitzel and got soup on the side, a tofu curry. The soup was good, but the entree was all kinds of wrong. The schnitzel tasted like they reheated a frozen patty and put some mushroom sauce on top. The potatoes needed lots of extra salt/pepper to taste like anything, and the broccoli was flavorless. ALL WERE COLD. We were going to get dessert, but decided to get some vegan cupcakes at the Coop down the street. EXCELLENT CHOICE. Wouldn't go again.
2	Went there on a Friday night with a friend after trying several places nearby that were crowded and had a long wait. We ended up here as a last-resort and I had doubts that the vegetarian-only menu was going to satisfy my palette (I'm very pro-animal but I also crave FLAVAAAA!). This is a very small restaurant and the place was relatively empty. Hmmm... A sign maybe? TGO is a cute, cozy little place off of Atwood Avenue in a charming neighborhood. When our server greeted us, I was immediately put off by the fact that she was wearing a nose ring. Sorry, but I just don't think that's appropriate in the workplace, especially the service industry (call me old-fashioned!) She was friendly though, offered some suggestions and complimented the chef on his abilities. I felt a little more confident that my meal preparation was in good hands...When the meal arrived however, my companion and I were both underwhelmed. We ordered the empanadas and schnitzel, respectively. Very bland, no flavor, small portions, and waaay overpriced. It's as if they just threw our dinner together and forgot to add the seasoning and spices. We both left disappointed, which was frustrating considering we had driven around quite a while and worked up an appetite. We won't be back.
3	Things that were really cool about this place:* It's all vegetarian/vegan. I'm a vegetarian. I rarely get this chance to have the WHOLE MENU!!! to look through (and vegans have it much worse). I was a little overwhelmed with the options, but don't worry, I pulled through.* It looks kinda dirty and dusty from the outside, but then it's beautiful, light, airy on the inside.* Alcohol!* You get a tiny French press for coffeeNot as impressive:* My food :( I ordered the nuevos rancheros, and it just tasted dry and bland. YOU CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER! The scrambled eggs were a little weird, and the kind I would usually make at home, because I fail. Derek's meal -- beer caramelized onions & cheese omelet -- was also pretty tasteless, which is hard to do with beer caramelized onions. Right?* We were seated three tables away from the front door/bar area. It wasn't a very busy Sunday brunch time, and there weren't customers around us (they were all in the back). So, no surprise that we could hear the "super cool" hipster kid and the other "super cool" hipster kid complaining about stupid customers in general. Things like how customers ask if they have dessert, which isn't listed on the menu but at the front of the restaurant. Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was common practice for customers to get up and look around the restaurant for dessert listings.I was pretty disappointed. We'll try again, possibly for lunch or dinner next time. Please impress us then!
5	Oooooo I love this place, I drive from White water at least once a month just to eat here.   I'm vegan and miss the options meat eaters have. This place gives me back that freedom I miss without having to harm a friend.  Thank you Green Owl
5	This was my first experience with vegan food. It was EPIC! I had the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich with kale chips. The kale was made perfectly and not burned (according to my companion this is difficult) We finished with the chocolate lava cake & coconut cream pie. Both were AMAZING! As a non-vegan I was impressed at how much it really tasted like chocolate. I would say these desserts tasted better than any desserts I have ever had!
5	I never thought I'd find a good vegan/vegetarian joint until my sis-in-law took me here. I recently turned vegan and knew my choices at restaurants would be limited when I eat out. I was super excited to discover this place! Service was awesome. Very friendly and laid back. Most impressively, they seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs and the philosophy behind this cafe. I felt at home here!I went back the next day and the same waitress remembered that I enjoyed the white sauce for my red roasted potatoes so much that she offered to give me some with my two-year-old's order. The place is aesthetically pleasing as well.
1	Traveled to Stoughton last part of July and was in need of a vegetarian meal. From the reviews I had high hopes for The Green Owl, but it was not to be.First starting with the worst of the bad: Service.(or lack thereof) The server acted as if he would rather be anywhere but there. Taking my order seemed a chore.I ordered the krabby kakes as an appetizer. They had a chance to have been good had they not been cold. not room temp, but cold. They were bad because of this. Tartar sauce was nice though no consolation. Before I could finish the cold appetizer, the main course was arriving. Again the server acted as if he could not care less as he pushed my plate over (I suppose I was not quick enough??) and put the plate of epmenadas in front of me. Rice was cold, i had two bites and that was enough. The black beans were cold as well. At least the empanadas were hot.I finished the meal with some french press coffee. This was a sad example of coffee. The water was directly from the tap and luke warm. All around definitely NOT worth the drive from Stoughton, and definitely NOT worth the high price and low service.Going on the Stay Away from list
4	Surprisingly good. I don't usually like imitation meat products but these were tasty and the restaurant had a nice "fancy" vibe to it. The three non-vegetarians I took there seems pleased with their meals and dessert. I thought the dishes were a reasonably good imitation of meat, but I'm not really a good source for judging that as I've been a vegetarian for over a decade.
5	I spent my birthday dinner at The Green Owl last night, and it did not disappoint!  There was a short wait, but we ended up eating at the bar which meant enjoying the good company of the great bartenders and waiters.  I loved their selection of homemade vodka infusions, and I enjoyed a cocktail made from chai vodka and coconut  milk.  Delicious!All of the food we tried was amazing, from the crab cake appetizers to the schnitzel (vegan schnitzel?!?) to the TLT.  My only complain was that the kale chips were super dry and flavorless, but that's pretty minor since I didn't go there for the kale chips.  We also loved their great selection of desserts, and it was a nice touch for the waiter to bring me a glass of soy milk to go with my chocolate cake!
5	This place is incredible.  So nice to have a great vegetarian restaurant in Madison.
3	I have eaten here multiple times. On a note of service, some of their best servers don't even work here anymore and I can't imagine what it's like now. The last time I went my server forgot our appetizers completely. In a completely empty restaurant.If you're a regular here, you're a regular. It's because you've came here from when it first opened and still reminisce about how things were.For being so pro vegan, you'd think they'd buy food local. They don't. That Sysco truck is big and shiny and isn't doing much for it's vegan name.There are more reasons that people don't eat meat than just morals. It's flavor, too. And this restaurant provides a lot of imitation meat instead of focusing on making food from scratch that doesn't include making food that tastes like roast beef.The Green Owl, although thoughtful and a great idea, is poorly executed. Small portions and high prices. Anyone notice that the menu hasn't changed at all?It's time for a new executive chef and new and interesting approaches to cooking cruelty-free and supporting local.
4	Polite, clean atmosphere. This staff has the right attitude & this is my favorite smaller restaurant in Madison. Eat here to feel good afterward, but don't invite sulkers who prefer bloating themselves with greasy fare and big pints of beer. They can go next door to Alchemy.Their caesar salad with grilled tofu is my recommendation.
4	So excited to see a vegan restaurant in Madison!! The place is super cute and has amazing food. Everything was really fresh and tasty. They have a kids menu which is a plus in my book. My only complaint was that the service was really slow.
4	The Green Owl is great, because it has all the ingredients that Madison foodies want, but it isn't pretentious. I love the TLT!
5	Being a vegetarian, a vegan/vegetarian restaurant should come naturally but I've been to a surprising few I was not a fan of for one reason or another - this is not the case with Green Owl.Service - Always pretty good with pretty minimal slow-downs. Food arrives promptly.Prices - Prices seem fair in general although some appetizers seem too high(like Crab Cakes are tiny for a big price). Maybe it's not the portion size that matters but its the first thing you see.Foods - I'd say this is one of the largest variations when it comes to Green Owl.. its very possible to get something you don't like or like a lot if you try something new. I don't say that in a bad way but some of the recipes are pretty varied and not "safe" for everyone. For instance - the Kale Crisp side was not something I'd like(I'm sure some people out there might like it). But for the rare things I don't like, there is a lot I've come to love such as the "meatball" sub, italian "beef", faux fish stuff and others. I think that is what I really enjoy about the Green Owl is they are constantly offering new things daily while maintaining a very interesting menu. There is still a lot I want to try there.Special Bonus - I'd say the Green Owl has my favorite Bloody Marys although, strangely, lacking in the "toppings" department.. if they had Celery & Pickles they'd probably easily be my favorite overall Bloody Mary but the liquid/mix/vodka is absolutely heavenly. Try it !
5	Outstanding -- I'd eat at the Green Owl every day if I lived in Madison.  The vegan selections were varied and the food was a delight.  Appreciated the friendly service and clean environment.  Even though I was just visiting, I felt at home right away, as if this were a vegan place down the street from me in Chicago.
2	Pricey for the taste.
5	While not 100% vegetarian, I do lean that way. Both my wife and I were impressed and pleased with this peaceful little restaurant. Service and atmosphere was pleasant and the food was very tasty! Prices seemed to a tad high, but otherwise a most enjoyable experience.
4	Best Sandwiches- actually, in general best vegan dinner spot in town. I never have to worry if there's meat or dairy in my food :) and raw food nights are amazing!
5	Honestly, the TLT avocado sandwich BLEW my mind. Green Owl, you have my heart.
5	Favorite as favorite can be. Loved the Kombucha Tea on tap firstly, and the mushroom vegan crab cake rock. Soups are also so delectable at this quaint little joint!
4	The food is pretty tasty. I love the vegan fish fry sandwich they serve on Saturdays. The TLT is also very good and brunch is fantastic. I only wish they also had some brunch items available on Saturdays or at least a breakfast menu. Sometimes it would be nice to have waffles or pancakes on Saturdays. Service is great and prices are reasonable.
5	I travelled to Madison on business and could not convince anyone from my group to come with me (daw, really I wanted a party for 1, I needed some quality time with myself).After a couple of attempts at getting a vegan meal -- which sometimes people think is whatever dish someone else would eat minus the meat and dairy -- Green Owl delivered a complete, delicious dinner that didn't leave me depleted. It was the best meal I had during my trip.Green Owl was recommended to me by a friend, and reinforced by the hotel guy who drove me over. Big honking YES to this restaurant! Being a sometime-mostly-tryingtobe vegan, but also a dairy intolerant person, I am always delighted and overwhelmed when I can try anything and everything on the menu. I went on instinct:Curry melt with vegan cheese, side of kale crisps, a glass of kombucha (they rotate flavors, and it is locally made, and very very good), also packed up a vegan mango cheesecake because I never get to eat cheesecake. It was so amazing, all of it. Service was great, place was clean and had little touches like the owl perched by the back window and really cool light fixtures. I felt satiated, happy, and impressed, and far happier with this meal than the expensive must-try steakhouse downtown. I highly recommend this restaurant. I give no hoot if you are wary of vegan fare, give this place a try. I will make every attempt to return on future trips to Madison.
4	Great homey food and atmosphere.  I had the quinoa stuffed red pepper which was flavorful and filling.  We had a very friendly server and the restaurant atmosphere is very cozy and comfortable.  The only downside was that there was a pretty long wait for the food.  We received our salad and kale chips along with our meal, although it would have made more sense to get those first to make the wait for the food less significant.  I would recommend to vegetarians and non-vegetarians who are looking for a healthy and flavorful meal.
5	Amazing vegetarian and vegan food! My new absolute favorite restaurant! love that everything is vegetarian or vegan and wonderful atmosphere. Love the building and decor- just love everything here :)
4	Me likey! As a vegan I get asked my thoughts on The Green Owl all the time. It's the only vegetarian/vegan restaurant in town, so I'm bound to have a firm stance, right? Well... not really. Until now, I'd only been once and I had a salad, which is, like, the most snooze-worthy thing you can get.I went back on a gorgeous summer night and grabbed a table outside. With a Bike Benefits deal I had the option of $1 hummus or a $2 beer. I chose beer. I will ALWAYS choose beer. I ordered a Furthermore Knot Stock to drink and Grandma's Veggie Loaf to eat. The vegetable-walnut loaf came with a tangy tomato glaze, mashed potatoes, and broccoli. The loaf was realllllly tasty and I scarfed it down in about 45 seconds. My dinnermate loved her TLT with avocado (that's tempeh instead of bacon, folks!). I had a super solid time and thought everything was tasty. ME LIKELY A LOT.
4	Good solid vegan food. The entrees seemed on the small side to me, but everything was tasty. The restaurant tends more toward the less healthy end of the vegan spectrum. I call this vegan comfort food, which I really enjoy sometimes. There were not nearly enough vegetables with my food, and adding a pile of vegetables would have made a big difference, both in the size and healthfulness of the meal. The service was friendly, but scattered. Maybe they were having off day. To their credit, they did get me everything I requested. I am visiting from out of town, and I will definitely come back for the good treats, especially the incredible dessert menu. I am vegan and gluten free, and easily met my food needs here.
4	Solid homemade-style vegetarian food. We LOVED the raw tacos made made with romain lettuce and filled with avacodo, salsa and walnut chorizo so much that we ordered them again for desert! :)We also had the Gramma's veggie-walnut loaf which was delicious and the Madison Philly with thin-sliced seitan which was enjoyable but could use a little extra punch.
5	The best place for vegan love in town!had the meatloaf plate. SO GOOD.  and huge.If you like coconut, you MUST get the coconut cream pie. And their boozy drink specials are legit.
4	Absolutely delicious. Got the jackfruit quesadillas, the vegan Caesar salad, a cocktail, and the two special vegan cheesecakes. Everything was seasonal, fresh, and really innovative. The service is also really good. It's a great place to eat outside, also!
2	I hate doing this because I really want a vegan place to do well-- but damn, the food is really just blah and at times weird. We had the Mediterranean plate for an appetizer-- the bread was stale and the baba ghanoush looked like baby food and tasted awful. The rest was super bland. For an entree I ordered the gyros sandwich. The way the sandwich was plated was bizarre. They take a pita, place about 2 or 3 strips of vegan gyros in the center, fill the rest with lettuce, onion, and tomatoes and fold the pita in half. It's a pocket! Why would you do that and make every bite I take be of stale bread. They were probably attempting to mask the fact there were only 2-3 pieces of faux gyros. The tedzaki sauce is pure liquid lemon. It's sad because I really really wanted to like this place. I wish the Chicago Diner existed in every city!
5	I've been here 3 times and maybe i've just been lucky, but every time, it's been GREAT. And I pretty much thought most everything other people I was with ordered and I snacked on was great too. Last week, I had the avocado blt which was fantastic. I also had a cup of sweet potato chili... I guess it wasn't great... but it was decent. I've also had the crabby cakes and the jackfruit sandwich - both recommended. Service is friendly. Interior is comfortable and casual. And they have a patio now too. Note to self: go here way more often!
5	Our dinner was amazing!We had an avocado salat, kale chips, a mushroom soup and tacos with rice and beans!It all tasted delicious!Also we took our dessert to go! Vegan-GF-SF-Coconut Pie and a Mojito cheesecake! Incredible!!!
3	I've had mixed results and thus mixed feelings about the Green Owl, but one thing is always true: dessert is delicious. The entrees have been hit or miss for me. A dinner of schnitzel and stuffed peppers was dry and lacking in flavor. A dinner of pasta with cashew Alfredo sauce and Green Owl Macho Nachos tasted much better, though the nachos' ratio of toppings and sauce to tortilla chips was much too low. About halfway through the pile of nachos, I was piling on green hot sauce (which was quite tasty) to make up for having run out of the beans, avocados, other toppings, and nacho sauce. In regards to that nacho sauce -  my cheese-loving companion deemed it "delicious" but it wasn't quite present enough to make for the creamy, bountiful of nachos (vegan or otherwise) I've enjoyed at other restaurants. I liked it too, and I would have liked more of it.At brunch I again ran into the dryness problem. I ordered nuevos rancheros and though they come with that same hot sauce brought out with the nachos, the rancheros themselves were very dry and lacked seasoning. I doused mine in the hot sauce and, in a rare move for the shaker, a serious sprinkle of salt. I also tasted the biscuits and gravy, which were quite good.The dessert is consistently good. I don't usually order dessert at restaurants, especially at brunch, but it's what the Green Owl does best and I always at least split one. The cheesecakes are always dense and flavorful, the coconut cream pie is a great combination of crunchy crust and creamy filling, and the peach and bourbon panna cottas served this morning were well balanced, smooth, and flavorful. Overall, if you're willing to gamble on dinner or brunch, go for it. But if you want a sure bet, skip the meal and get dessert.
4	I want to give 5 stars but the food isn't that consistent. I usually love their daily chili specials. Nice outdoor seating.
2	I wanted to like this place. Madison needs a casual restaurant serving fresh veggie based meals at a reasonable price.Everything on the menu is pretending to be something else. I don't want some weird concoction that's trying to be a BBQ pork sandwich. I want fresh healthy food.   While I don't know for sure, I suspect this is just Sysco food. We went four times before giving up; in my book this is a pass right up there with oscer myer tofu hotdogs.
3	45 min for noodles and a quesadilla.  Slow service and overpriced drinks.  Once we finally got our food it tasted fine, just took waaay too long for our simple dishes to come out.  Not in a hurry to go back.
3	I'm pretty lukewarm about The Green Owl, honestly. And given my borderline veganness, it surprises some people when I tell them that. While I have to give it some credit for being the only 100% vegetarian restaurant in the area (That i'm aware of. Someone should holla at me if there's another), I overall have been to places that do vegetarian/vegan much better than The Green Owl in other cities.When it comes to strengths, i'll tell you now that The Green Owl has very good desserts, including a vegan cheesecake that was delicious. It was good enough to motivate me to create my own, although that was a failure =/. I'll also say that the menu has a good variety going, so you can satisfy a wide span of cravings there including Mexican, Asian, or traditional American food. This makes Green Owl a pretty safe bet place to go to in certain situations.On the other hand, I feel like Green Owl has a lot of room for improvement. First off, I'm usually disappointed with the size of the portions I receive. It's usually too small, and sometimes after eating an entree I feel like I could easily down another one, which is not how I should feel after a meal is over. Another critique I have is with the decor and furniture they use in the restaurant. It overall feels very kiddy, and somewhat tacky. I particularly am not a fan of the green chairs. The decor overall makes me feel like i'm in a space for children, which I personally do not enjoy much.Finally, while I would say that most of the food i've had here is pretty good, it doesn't stack up compared to some of the other vegan gems i've had, like Soul Vegetarian, Native Foods, or Chicago Diner, all in Chicago. One example that springs to mind is comparing the nachos at Green Owl to the nachos at Native Foods. Native Foods nachos are just LOADED, and have very tasty substitute meats and cheeses. Green Owl just doesn't do it as great, and I think that they're both the same price too. A good start toward upping the ante for Green Owl would be completely ditching the Daiya cheese in favor of a nut based substitute. Even if it's more expensive, it would be worth it to be more tasty and healthy.Overall, I would say that I like The Green Owl, but i'm a ways from loving it. I know that they have been tinkering with the menus lately, so hopefully with some more adjustments, they can turn into a place that I love.
3	Yesterday was my 4th time eating at The Green Owl since it opened.  As a vegetarian I really appreciate being able to go to a strictly veggie establishment.  Recently I purchased a Groupon for Green Owl and as a belated b-day gift, my friends took me there for brunch.  They had a good crowd that day when we went.  We were able to get a table right away.  The service was okay.  And I mean just okay.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy and a mimosa.  Thank goodness me and my friends had stuff to talk about because it seemed like a long time for us to get our food.  When the food arrived I was disappointed.  Why you ask?  As I looked at my plate, I observed one ordinary sized biscuit with some liquid-y brown 'gravy' over it.  And not much gravy.  Along with the biscuit there was literally a small handful of red potatoes.  The taste?  A bit of overkill on the seasonings in the biscuit and the gravy was okay; the potatoes were good.  My friends tempeh bacon was overcooked but he ate it anyway.As mentioned above, I like the fact Madison has a veg only restaurant, but there are better places for veg food that offer larger portions for the price you pay.  I really, really, really want to like Green Owl but the prices for the amount of food on your plate has me frequenting other establishments.  If you are ever visiting Chicago, go to the Chicago Diner.  They excel at vegetarian/vegan food.
2	Shame on you, Green Owl.  As the only (?) vegetarian restaurant in Madison, you really seem to rely on that to bring people in, rather than your food.  While I enjoyed my entree (the meatloaf sandwich), my side of crispy kale (which I had to pay extra for) arrived as a charred pile of powder.  How dare you let that out of the kitchen, let alone serve it to a paying customer?  And why/how are your desserts so awful?  I generally will seek out/pay more for vegan desserts, as I find them to taste better than conventional desserts...and there are plenty of vegan bakeries out there to support this claim.  My coconut cream pie was a pile of coconut, on top of a tasteless white paste, and appeared to have been shaped into a triangle to resemble a pie slice.  Service was bad, but it appeared to be just our waitress.  I didn't know there were specials (until I overheard the other servers telling their tables), and the worst is that on the back of the dessert menu was the Friday fish fry special, which I totally would have ordered had I known about it (yes I was there on a Friday night).  My suggestions:- Have 1 or 2 "non-weird" options, so carnivores feel comfortable joining their vegetarian dining companions here.  Something along the lines of a "normal" pasta, mexican lasagna, etc where they wouldn't miss the meat.  - Servers need direction.  I didn't appreciate seeing my waitress walk out of the kitchen chewing a mouthful of food while I sat at my table waiting for food.- The dessert menu as it stands needs to be scrapped.  If you need to bring in vegan desserts from another business, do it.  Those desserts were a fail (I tried part of another one of the desserts and was not impressed).Food took forever to come out, which I'm willing to deal with but you should put something on the menu about that (there are tasteful ways of saying that the food takes time).  The restaurant was not busy at the time.
5	There is nothing so incredible as a full out veggie restaurant that serves a filling home style healthy and tasty meal and tops it with chocolate decadence like their Lava Cake! And I might add, great service/low attitude.
2	It's a sweet spot with so much potential.  I feel as though it falls into the stereotype of vegetarian food being boring.
2	I'm not a vegetarian but I almost always order something vegetarian anyway when I go out to eat. Naturally I thought then that going to a vegetarian place would be a good idea. I was disappointed.Nothing on the menu was very tempting, mainly because it all seems to be classic meat dishes with meat replacements. I would've loved to see a list of interesting soups and salads. The spinach artichoke dip tasted pretty terrible which I didn't think was possible and the crackers it came with tasted like cardboard. The other dishes went similarly.I will say they had really interesting, delicious cocktails!
2	Desserts are outstanding - top notch, as good as I've had. There are some fairly decent things on the menu, but I really have experienced considerably better food and service at every other vegan/vegetarian restaurant I've been to. No menu item has ever made me want to go back and have it again. The service tends to be extremely slow albeit friendly. The first time I ever went (5 years ago) I had a waitress take my plate away while I was still holding and eating half a sandwich. I've been back many times with many sub-average experiences. Fast forward to this winter: Four employees, four people dining and took almost my entire lunch hour to get our order. Also the portion sizes have always been extremely small in my opinion, especially for the prices. Summary: don't go if you have time constraints, don't have super high expectations. However, DO get dessert--preferably to go.
