4	You know how you keep going to a doctor's office *despite* the staff because he's really great at what he does? It's the exact opposite at Softouch. Not to say that the dentists there are poor in any way, but I've seen at least 4 of them come and go in the 5 years I've gone there. I am very happy with the current dentist, Dr. Lopez.The front desk staff are wonderful! Melissa and Crystal are the sweetest ladies. They always remember my name and greet me with a cheerful smile. The hygienists, Coleen and Pam, really know their stuff and take great care of you. They are maternal and caring and don't make you feel like a loser for not flossing.The technology is pretty cool too. They've used electronic charting the entire time I've gone there which makes this geek happy.Check them out if you need a dentist in the East Valley.
5	I like that they gave me a sonicare :)
5	Best dentist I have ever been to! The people are all so nice and helpful. I have just moved out here for college and had never been to the dentist on my own because the dentist personally scares me. However, they are all so friendly and made me feel so comfortable. I had to get some fillings and have never been so scared (especially since my mom wasn't there) and they were the best fillings I have ever gotten! They didn't hurt and the whole thing went very smoothly. I 100% recommend going here, and will continue going here while living in Arizona.
5	I am a very nervous patient when I go to the dentist. But this dental office was AMAZING!! My first appointment was a teeth cleaning and was put to ease when the hygienist started cleaning! Very soft and gentle. She walked me thru everything she was going to do. And then my second appointment was for a crown setting and the dental assistant and dentist DR. Bailey were amazing! I felt no anxiety or pain! They walked me thru the process again and were very thorough. I have never had this kind of experience with a dentist!!!! Definitely recommend them to all!
5	I am a nervous dental patient. Because of the this, I am particular when selecting a dentist (moved to the area 2 years ago.) It has been about 3 years since I've had a cleaning, my front tooth just chipped, gums are sensitive, likely 2 fillings need replacement and am interested in orthodontia treatment. My initial contact was with the receptionist, Ginger. She returned my voice mail within 24 hrs (I called after business hours). She is professional, courteous, patient, and kind. Because I had much work to be done I wanted to consult and meet the dentist prior to any work. She scheduled the consult. A few days later I visited the office and she addressed me, "Melissa?" Kind of her to welcome me with a smile and my name. I completed the necessary paperwork and then an assistant gave me a tour of the facility. It is clean and open (which I'm not used to and made me feel a bit exposed for others to see my fear - I'm a bit proud). Dr. Bailey came in within 5 minutes and was compassionate,  understanding, thorough in her explanations, mild mannered and mentioned having Netflix in office for distraction and offered other distraction tools as well to decrease the anxiety. Because of everyone's professionalism and learning they would be a one stop shop, even for orthodontia, I proceeded with scheduling the 1st of a few appointments. So, based on everything above I rate them with 5 stars and I'll follow up with additional reviews as I move through my treatment.
5	Since my last post, I have had a deep cleaning as well as a couple of cavities repaired. Both were during the same sitting. I took my audio book and dr. Bailey was great! When she needed something, because I was trying to tune it all out, she would put her hands in front of me and attempt to mouth/sign what it was she needed me to do. Note: I asked for Nitrous oxide. Highly recommend that! It took the edge off and the shot of novacaine was still painful. Not because of a lack of anything but I am highly sensitive to this stuff. The teeth felt great after the deep cleaning,  and the cavity repair has proved to be a good one (it was Nov when this was done). No problems so far. My next appt is scheduled and I'll keep posting updates.
2	Went in for a Cleaning but took a BathSet up a appointment for a General cleaning, after a pre exam the staff decided that I needed a  Deep Cleaning.  Without asking me they just decided that I was going to Pay about $800, changed my $50 fee to $48 and called it a Cavity exam.  I don't have Cavity just $50 lighter in my checking account -
