4	There comes a point when no amount of plucking and trimming can fix the caterpillars over your eyes, and I have reached that point today. As luck would have it, Arch Threading Studio is a hop, skip and a jump away from my house. I've been meaning to try out this place as it's been open for about 6 months. I'm surprised no one has Yelped about this establishment yet so today really is my lucky day!I prefer threading over waxing because it is less painful and hair doesn't grow back as fast. When I get waxed, I have to go home to wash my face off right away to prevent irritation. With threading, I can just brush off the stray hairs from my face and go about my day.Back to Arch Threading Studio... the place is very open with a seating/waiting area with a large TV and a few threading stations. I guess not a lot is needed - just somewhere to sit, thread and a mirror. I was the only customer and was in and out in about 5 minutes. My eyebrows finally have that arch that I could only be achieved with the precision of threading. My eyebrows look good - clean and not too thin.Prices are pretty standard. $10 for eyebrows, $5 for upper lip and $40 for full face. They offer memberships which I will sign up for next time. You can get 5 eyebrows visits for $40 which basically gets you a free session.I highly recommend this place if you live in the Southern Highlands area. If you ever look in the mirror and see Bert from Sesame Street's Bert and Ernie uni-brow going on, then get your thread on at Arch Threading Studio.
4	I was a bit wary of getting my eyebrows threaded but since I use Retin-A to prevent aging (yeah...getting old sucks) waxing becomes quite a pain (basically your skin is sensitive so it tends to rip off easier when you wax...ouchie). So I decided to give this place a whirl. Laura sat me right down and totally rocked the house on my eyebrows. She gave me a beautiful arch and it didn't hurt hardly at all....its actually kind of a weird feeling. Like Belle L said in her review you could just dust the little hairs off and be on your way...and as a mom to the monkeys I appreciate not having to go home to put some ice on to calm the redness....I just don't have the time. Lastly, its CHEAPER than waxing. I paid $15 for all that I needed plus tip. I will DEFINITELY be back here for most of my hair removal needs (I think they stay away from the bikini area...but I could be wrong).
5	I was super surprised with this shop! I've had my eyebrows totally screwed up in the past by horrible threading so I was a little nervous having them done by someone new. Laura did an amazing job! She kept my natural arch and my eyebrows look great! Threading is practically painless and won't damage your skin like waxing can. Arch is right down the street from my house and there is never a wait!
4	Very friendly. I always go here when I'm in a bind. I do like the wax but threading has made it easier for me not to break out. I would recommend this place to anyone! And it's in my neigborhood, so super convenient for me!
1	why did I come here?  I have been asking myself this question over and over again for the past week.  The girl that did my eyebrows was a mess and completely screwed up my eyebrows then tried to manipulate me into paying twice the price!!So, after she initially did my eyebrows she gave me a mirror to check it out.  I noticed right away that my right eyebrow was arched where as the left eyebrow was rounded.  I told the girl this and she rectified this by rolling the thread on my forehead, i guess to make it seem as if she was actually doing something to fix her mistake.  She then said I was finished and handed me the mirror again.  My eyebrows were obviously still messed up but I didnt feel like being in the presence of this mess of a woman so I just went to pay.  She told me that the price was $20.  The price for the eyebrows that were posted all over the studio said $10.  when I gave her a look that said  she must be mistaken she giggled and said, "oh, I thought you did your lip too."  the price for lip threading is $5 which would have made my total $15.  And, we were the only two in the studio at the time and she had just gotten done doing my eyebrows.  I truly don't understand where the misunderstanding came from.  She must be so incompetent to not be able to do math, remember what happened 5 minutes prior AND create symmetry in eyebrows.  DONT COME HERE.
1	It was my second time here.. the first time was ok and thought give them a second chance.. I told the lady that I want my brows arched and make it a little bit higher..she said ok.. then after its done she gave me the mirror and I was like, this isn't what I asked.. she then told me that I shouldnt have a high arched brows because no one likes to have those! I walked out! Never coming back!!! Ever!!
1	I was going there for a couple months simply for convenience .  Earlier this month the lady there made my eyebrows two different shapes completely. So I went back for her to fix it and she cut me. Not just once but several times. It was a nightmare. She left my skin so tender that it took a week before I could comfortably wash my face. This place is awful. Never coming back
5	This is the best place i have ever been for threading.Its so clean and beautiful,girls are so friendly and know what they are doing.
5	love this place.
5	I just moved to vegas a few months ago and I'm glad I found this place in my neighborhood.  Great customer service.  It took a few sessions for her to really get use to the shape I wanted.  I've been going there for 5 months and she always does a great job.
5	Vanessa was great, she did wonders on my unruly brows. Being my first time getting them threaded, I felt at ease and relaxed. The shop was small and quant, the whole process took maybe 10 minutes.I will most certainly be back.XOXO
