4	Lovely big store, lots to choose from, quality merchandise .  Was looking for USA- made furniture and found it there (most stores only carry Chinese, Vietnamese, etc.  stuff..& it's junk). Salesperson was professional, knowledgable and eager to help me find what I wanted.  Only drawback: they're in Gilbert, and I live in N. Scottsdale...but really, it was worth the trip. Now, if the leather chair stands the test of time and there are no subsequent customer service issues, I'll have to give Norwood five stars :)
2	I'm so disappointed.  We placed an order in the first week of January 2014 for a leather sectional and here we are today finding out that it might be ready in the first week of June.  Seriously.  For some reason, they think I should be so excited, rather than fed up with the whole deal.  I was told 12 weeks or sooner was the typical length of time to wait and thought ok, I get it.  After 8 weeks, we get a call the leather was no longer on back order...what? The manufacture never told anyone the leather was on back order as soon as they got the work order.  That was the first time we knew of this issue. I shopped all over for the right furniture, so I clearly was not going to pull the plug and start all over again.  I've been told so many stories since then I felt the need to share this.  Ask your sales person to check on back orders of leather and don't make promises they cannot keep. Maybe I'll have our furniture by July.
4	Totally unexpected find in Gilbert. After driving passed this place for 5 years and not giving it a 2nd thought, I finally drove around to the entrance on the back side of the building. The show room was something else and the staff couldn't be more relaxed and knowledgeable about their extensive collection of furniture. No high pressure sales people - just folks find the right furniture to meet your needs - seemed more interested in building a long term customer than getting a quick sale.
5	We've had the chair for nearly 9 months now.  My husband loves it, it looks great,and when he's not around, I'm sitting in it!  Excellent job Norwood!
1	Told the leather sectional would not come from the floor, it did and wad damaged. Finally got store credit, would not refund our money.  Bought a coffee table and matching stone top end table.  The coffee table (stone) started crumbling, they took it back, but can not match the end table.  Ask for store credit to get what we wanted (end table and coffee table to match) was told NO.  TOOD the owner will not discuss with us, sends the store manager out to do his dirty work. NO NO NO. NEVER AGAIN..We have owned a retail business and know how to treat and keep customers.
2	The sales was good.  OOps sectional came from the floor not store room and was defective. Finally got store credit.  Stone top coffee table and matching end table came from floor but was OK.  Stone edging broke (another defective product).  Can not match the stone of the end table and REFUSE to make any adjustments.  Will not even give store credit.  They did get another coffee table for us but not even close to a match. VERY DISAPPOINTED.  BIG MONEY SPENT ALSO.
1	Don't believe their website. You will not see at the store many of the items posted online as being available in the store.  The drive to this sad store was a waste of time
5	Great store. So many items in this huge store. You could spend the whole day looking at all the beautiful things I  this store. Staff is frIendly and very knowledgeable. Enjoy it every time I go in the store.
