5	If you want a gift for someone, when you just haven't a clue what to get, pop in here. All the stock is either quirky, unusual or film related. They stock cheap things like mugs or posters or really expensive things like a Wurlizer juke box. they stock a really nice range of greetings cards. I like the old film star photo ones. It's a lovely place to browse even if you don't have someone in mind. I'm sure you'll find a wee something for yourself.
4	The Mutt's Nuts, located just off the Grassmarket is another one of those stores which sells silly knick knacks that you want to buy but will never need. For example, they sell a cheese grater that folds up. Why would you ever need to fold up your cheese grater? But for some reason you want it. The stock also includes quirky cards, Cath Kidston, notebooks/address books, door mats.... the list is endless really. This shop is ideal for picking up a random sort of gift for that special someone. For instance, you have a friend who creams over Marmite? Well buy them a Marmite apron! Or a Marmite cup. This store loses a star as it would have been nice for the shop assistant to acknowledge my presence in the store, especially as I was the only customer.
4	This rather large (for the area) shop is filled with cocky gifts and cards. From Jesus last supper mints to funky tools for your kitchen it's a great place to get fun gifts from. It's quirky name hints it's quirky gifts- not that they are original (stuff a lot of these "different/funky" gift shops offer) but the good thing is that they are all in one place so take your time to wonder around and browse. I particularly enjoy the fridge magnets and tea pots here but make sure you take a look at the kitchen funky equipment and stuff hanging next to it.
4	The Mutt's Nuts is a mixed bag of gifts and quirky keepsakes. It's full of things you don't need and might never use, but they make for cute gifts. It's the kind of shop that sells heart shaped frying pans and pop culture mugs.Although a lot of the stock is silly and frivolous, it's appealing. Stripey rubber ducks and Edward Monkton wackiness always seem to go down well as gifts, in my experience anyway! They also stock a large range of Cath Kidston goodies and pretty, 50s inspired fridge magnets. A lot of the stuff in here, from the "control your dog" remote packages and "I'm so Bloody Blonde" merch is overtly humorous, but there are some nice, kitschy photo frames and frilly cushions as well. Like most gift stores (and Glasgow is riddled with them) they find a balance between cool, urban and fun inspired gifts to hit a wider market. It works, since you'd be hard pushed to come out of here empty handed when shopping for a birthday!
4	I was actually pretty keen to have a peer round here once I saw that it was a large, trinket laden, gift shop space. I often find that places that call themselves gift shops actually end up, for me personally, being outlets for my own selfish shopping needs, rather than a place I go to for the purpose of showering others with presents. What a lovely, giving, human being I am.Anyway, if you were ever to make a list of "practical things I need to buy", that list probably wouldn't include a lot of the things on offer here, purely because a lot of the stock consists of those in between items that aren't probably on your mind on a daily basis, but are still cool nonetheless. I wasn't even aware a lot of the stuff existed, but it all made sense to me once the variety of items entered my field of vision.If you want novelty, a bit different, or just something you would simply define as "not boring", The Mutt's Nuts will meet your requirements. Last time I was in here I bought a trendy wee Emma Bridgewater pouch for my travel documents, a sensible but good looking purchase, and there are other cool Emma Bridgewater home and stationery offerings here, plus the ever floral and pretty Cath Kidston brand. There are loads of other more zany (not used that word for ages, love it!) brands to choose from, so if you've always wanted a WonderWoman overnight bag, or you want to chop vegetables on Marilyn Monroe's face, then this is the place to be browsing.There are also soooo many rubber ducks in a ton of different patterns. I find the idea of buying a rubber duck bizarre, but perhaps I'm just unaware of the joy they can bring to your life, so if you've been looking for the rubber duck of your dreams for ages, then The Mutt's Nuts is sure to float your boat on that soapy front.
3	When buying gifts for friends or family I try to make an effort and get them quirky, unique and unusual gifts! Gifts which are not bland and dull, and certainly gifts which are not in voucher format! The Mutt's Nuts (Even the name drags you in) is one of those gift shops where many random items can be found! From novelty items, to humorous cards and pop inspired cigarette lighters (The Beatles, the Who or the Stones)...this shop has it! However, probably not ideal for getting home ware items that are cheap and practical! So therefore, instead why don't you just buy them for someone else! They will have to figure out the practicality of their own gift! The shop is quirky and stands out in the Grassmarket, however the downside is that you could find quite a few shops like this whether they be on Cockburn Street or around Shandwick place instead.
4	This shop is probably my favourite little gift shop in Edinburgh that I have found so far, and I guess that makes it, well, the mutt's nuts!  Enough with the word play, there's a review that needs writing.I agree completely with what Cheryl says: you wouldn't normally say that you need anything that is stocked here.  A lot of the stuff is very tongue-in-cheek, and is the sort of thing that you'd maybe give as a humorous side-present beside another main present.  The prices may not be amazingly low, but the stuff is of a great quality, and I can't think of another place with their range of stock.  Where else could you get a grow-your-own Jesus?This is a great place to go for the person who has everything, because they almost certainly won't have most of the stuff that this place stocks.  I always find that as I wander round, I try and justify in my head why I need, for example, a really small cheese grater.  If you visit, prepare to come out having bought something, whether you intend to or not!
