5	My experience with laser hair removal previously to going to Pampered Laser Hair Removal was nil.  I found Deidra Johnson, the owner and operator, to be charming and engaging while the hair removal process was being performed.  She explained completely what expectations I should have, how many times I would need to return in order to experience the results I wanted and was completely honest with me regarding how the process worked and what I should expect.  I had gotten a number of estimates from other laser hair removal establishments and had found Deidra's to be considerably less....in some cases more then half of what others were charging.  The results I received after two treatments have been amazing and probably will not need to go back any time soon.  I dont think there is a better laser hair removal establishment in the valley that will give you more bang for your buck....
5	A truly amazing experience!  I have always thought about getting laser hair removal, but I had heard it was so expensive.  Deidra offered such a great price I couldn't turn down the chance to try it.  It was a little painful, and she explained that it would be a bit uncomfortable.  She was very kind and let me take the process as slow as I needed.  I will definately be going back to finish up the treatments, which for my neckline that I had done, she said it would only take 4-5 treatments.  I would recommend to anyone who has ever thought about having it done.  Thanks Deidra.
5	Before getting lasered I was really nervous about the whole process, but Deidra was really sweet and helped calm my nerves, there was a mild discomfort, but not as bad as I feared, and she allowed me to take breaks when I needed them. She did a great job and I'll totally be finishing my treatments with her.
5	Service is absolutely awesome. The woman that does it has accommodated my crazy schedule on numerous occasions and has made herself available on weekends and late evening when I've asked. It does not get better than this. She is extremely honest about the process and does it with ease. Prices are the best in the valley!! You can call around and waste time checking the competitors like I did or believe me when I tell you it's the best price. I recommend this place to everyone I know.
