3	They have great food but the service has many kinks still to iron out. The tables and chairs are so close together, you feel as if they stole the design out of a French restaurant playbook. We visited at high noon, their busy hour. We were seated right away, poured water and 15 minutes went by before someone came to take our order. Another 20 minutes progressed before 2 out of 3 meals were served to us. 10 minutes later, we were able to flag down a waitress to inquire about the 3rd meal. They left to get it and came back with a different meal, stating they forgot to make it so try this alternative instead. Meanwhile, the fan above us sat motionless (much like the wait staff). We asked if they could turn it on, they said yes but did not turn it on. Our drink cups were empty half way through a spicy meal. Finally, a waitress can by to fill them... half way. Strange I thought, why fill a glass only half way? The bill came quite timely. Processing my card took another 10 minutes. Overall, the food was quite tasteful. The wait staff looked harried (including some guy dressed in a Hawaiian shirt rushing 4 huge bags of ice into the back kitchen. All the time we were there, I noticed they seemed to be several steps behind. Patrons around us had a similar dismayed look on their faces. Hope they polish this aspect because the food was made well.
3	The food is good.   The service still needs a little help but for the most part, its a good addition to the downtown phoenix scene and is fairly priced in comparison to the other thai restaurants downtown.  I wonder if they are going to stay open through dinner...I'm hoping that they do because downtown just doesn't have a lot of places open late!
3	Just ok...this is the new Thai place that opened in my building in Phoenix.  I was so excited for it to open because of the convenience and the fact that I love Thai food...but, I was disappointed.  The panang curry was not good - just peanut paste - not what other Thai restaurants serve!  The service was not great either.  They brought all of the dishes at different times.  They also had the music up way too loud - it was hard to have a conversation.
5	i love this place! great service and an affordable lunch special. a good amount of vegan options, but you have to be careful that there is no fish sauce inside of things that may seem vegetarian yet really aren't. i really wish they'd add a little bit more vegan option to the menu, but it won't stop me from showing up. i really like their purple sticky rice, curries and veggie rolls. best thai place downtown.. hands down.
1	Wow, 2 spoonfuls of rice in my to-go order and an extremely hot panang curry when I asked for mild. I can't eat this, and I'm already back at work so I can't go return it.I thought having competition nearby (Thai'd Up, Thai Elephant, Thai Hut), would make you work harder for my patronage. I guess not.
4	I'm kind of worried about this place. First, this is for the new location Downtown. I guess they have another one in Park Central, but I've never seen it. When you call for takeout, they remind you of which location you're calling. I like that because some people are idiots and will probably go to the other one.I loooooooove the curried noodle dish. I've eaten it in the restaurant and ordered it for takeout.The service is super friendly and the place itself is really nice. Call ahead before going, though. I drove down there one night after checking their hours and they were closed. Who does that????? That's the main reason I'm worried about this place staying open. It gets a good lunch crowd, but they need to work on dinner, too.Prices are reasonable and on par with the 87 other Thai places Downtown.
4	Friendly service and good thai food. It's nothing out of this world, but it's consistent. They will make their dishes as hot as you like, if you're feeling dangerous.
3	So first time to any of the Thai Basil's around the valley.  It's a nice downtown location on Adams and Central.  I grabbed my order to go, but they had a good happy hour special that I didn't get to take advantage of since it was take out.  There was a bottle of Mekhong sitting on the bar, which sounds like a spiced rum, and the special was the Mekhong Ginger Lime Long-Tail.  Will try next time.As for the food, the Cashew Nut had a rather zesty flavor especially on the backend, but I ordered it medium spicy and it fell way short.  The over all tast was good and comes with rice.But the Pad Thai, I think they need to go back to the drawing board.  Very bland and didn't really activate the palette at all.  Almost like they only used half the seasonings.  It did have mushrooms, green beans, carrots, cabbage, and maybe some bean sprouts on the plus side.  Portion size was large, but really need to double down on the seasoning and spices for that large of a portion.The service was very friendly and accommodating while the decor was inviting.  I'll definitely give it another try, but shoot for something a little more exotic like a curry or drunken noodle.Always willing to give a second chance.
2	Only Thai place open on a Sunday in downtown Phoenix.  That being said, it was my only choice so I made the best of it.  My summer roll was not good, so bad in fact, I sent it back.  I don't usually do that either but in this case, the lettuce was brown and there were literally two pieces of tofu in the entire roll.  The Panang curry, my dish of choice, was average but my Thai pudding with sticky rice was great.  Wouldn't give this place a second chance but the staff was friendly to say the least.
2	Cute place, very nice inside. The people were friendly and the food wasn't bad. I wish they put more meat in the curry that we ordered. There were probably 3 strips of beef in the curry. The flavor was good, but wish there was more. The appetizers weren't bad.
4	I ended up at Thai Basil by accident. I headed South on Central and was looking for the Thai place on Adams and Central (apparently there are more than one there too) anyway I forgot at that point you are on 1st. Well I was parked and the place looked nice so I ate here. I was seated and given the lunch menu. They promptly brought out a glass of water, silverware and a cup of broth soup. The menu was pretty typical Thai Lunch Specials for here. I noticed the BBQ Pork and that sounded good so I decided to give that a try. The soup was mostly broth but it was tasty and just the right temperature. I was surprised when they brought out the order what looked like two thin sliced pork chops on a bed of greens (Cabbage...) a pile of white rice a Spring roll and two cups of sauce. I tried the spring roll first because I am a huge fan of them. I was instantly disappointed. It was not only room temperature but it lacked much of any filling inside. The dipping sauce was ok but it would have been nice if they had some hot mustard on the table to add a bit to it. Next I cut up some of the pork and dipped it in the BBQ sauce. All was forgiven. This was very good, cooked properly and very tasty. The service was very good and the price was certainly fair. It is not one of the best Thai places in Phoenix, but it is very good and I will be back again.
4	I love the downtown location. It's not like there are a lot of sit down Asian/Thai places in the area. It's just as hard to find parking of course as any other place in Downtown Phoenix, but well worth it. The food is great and they have a very expansive menu! I love the simple stuff like Thai Basil with Chicken or fried rice. Ingredients taste fresh and have unique flavor. The service is good and there is indoor seating. They deliver sometimes, but if they are super busy, you may have to go pick it up. They serve a lot of dishes with Jasmine rice and theirs is perfectly made!  They have desserts and the ice creams are UH-mazing! Green tea and coconut?? Oh ma gosh. This location can be nice even for a casual date or lunch meeting. Can't wait to go there and try something else!
2	Pedestrian and boring Thai food for the masses. If your idea of exotic is Pad Thai, then this is the place for you. No heat, no flavour, no imagination.Server lacked enthusiasm, obviously a common trend here throughout the restaurant.
2	Great Thai Food is not easy to find in the Phoenix area and this restaurant is yet another average Thai eatery to add to the list.My oldest daughter and I stopped in here after not being able to get a table in Cibo (a downtown pizzeria) due to the crowds downtown for First Friday.The restaurant decor is nothing to dial home about and is EXTREMELY small and tight. This is not the place to go t if you want a quiet meal and or hear the conversation of those at your table.Our dinner was interrupted by a loud group of 15 that was seated directly next to us about halfway through our meal and who kept bumping into our table...so much so that we hurriedly finished our meal to get out of the place.The food itself was very bland and the food lacked flavor and attention to detail. The lack of detail even shows up in their business cards...someone misspelled Phoenix ( spelled as Pheonix)  on the cards they give out to customers when you leave the restaurant to drum up business for the Ahwatukee and Scottsdale locations....
2	I came here on a Wednesday evening with some friends - we walked right in, only one other party was in the restaurant. The Singha beer was excellent and everyone liked their food OK- except for me.I ordered the chicken satay off the appetizer menu (basically the most americanized thing that I could get), and the chicken was undercooked. Like, super pink. We hailed the waitress, she apologized and promptly took my plate to send it back. A few minutes later, after everyone else was basically done with their entrees, I got mine back. And guess what - it was still undercooked. Not as bright pink as the last time, but definitely tinged with pink. I ate whatever white parts that I could find, not wanting to tell the waiter a 2nd time. But I should have. I found it especially weird because   the restaurant was practically empty - what are the cooks doing back there if they are not checking for the pinkness of the poultry they are serving? A little bit sketchy....
5	Had the Basil Chicken which was really good and flavorful. Tried the Thai Toast with spicy cucumber sauce, kinda like a crispy French toast. Waitress was very nice, place was clean with nice decor.I'm usually the one that post negative reviews. I would be leery about some of these other negative reviews with these slanderous remarks.
4	Great for lunch! The green curry is the best of the curries they offer at this location and they aren't afraid to make it at least a little spicy when you order Thai hot. Certainly it is the best value for lunch downtown and a really nice but busy atmosphere.
4	The curry at Thai Basil was outstanding. It's a wonderful place to go for lunch in downtown Phoenix. It gets busy in there so it's best to get there early and beat the crowd.
4	.Fell in love with Pad Thai in Thailand so I had to try it here.  Not bad.  Still not so good as a mere 23 hour flight away at a small restaurant in Chang Mai (northern Thailand), but pretty darn good here for sure.Also ordered a curry here, which I found really good for curry which I don't normally like at all.  Love this place and will be back.  Plus, were here after the Phoenix Art Museum movie and walking around looking at the art on a Sunday, so it's open to 9 pm at least.
4	Great food, good prices and they are fast for that worker on lunch break. Worth a try. I had the Green curry and it was really good.
4	Actually rate this restaurant as a 4.5/5. The house speciality is quite good, as is the 'Thai Hot' spice nicely flavored. Portions are sensible for lunch, but on the smaller side as compared to a lot of typical Pho/Vietnamese houses. Still, quality of food was much better than expected. Would recommend over a lot of the other Thai places in the area on quality of the meal alone.
4	Had an order come out pretty late but the management made it right by giving the order for free. The pad Thai was pretty decent, includes lots of sprouts.
4	Very good food served fast but fresh and a good value. Seating is a little tight but would return for sure.
4	Stopped by on happenstance for a late meal. Masamun curry had excellent flavor, although light on the meat and relatively heavy on the potatoes. Service was very attentive, and I thought the simple and modern decor worked really well. Big fan of the full length windows on this place. Gives the restaurant a great feel after dark.
5	Excellent food and great customer service. I come here frequently and always enjoy the food. Amazing food and friendly staff
5	My husband and I were in search of some quality Thai food while spending the weekend in downtown Phoenix. Thai Basil was outstanding! We ordered shrimp pad thai, chicken satay skewers and panang curry. Everything was so fresh and delicious! The next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely be back!
3	It seems like I have heard about Thai Basil for years but for whatever reason I had never been there. Was wondering in downtown phoenix with my girl and thought I would check Thai Basil out. The service was okay and the food was okay. Thai basil is okay. Pros-complementary miso soup-fast service-view of downtown phoenix street actionCons-just average everything-small tables-odd chairs and decor
5	The smells in this place are amazing. This has become the go to place that resembles a somewhat healthier option than my pizza and Chinese take out addiction. I will defiantly want to hit this place up before any event at chase field or if the suns are ever decent enough to see. My first visit I did an sweet and sour chicken with a side of rice. Huge portion that last most of dinner and most of lunch the next day. Next time was loosing my pad Thai virginity. Now I didn't study abroad for 6 weeks in some god awful green peace program on Thailand...so I am not an authority on if this is "authentic".....but honestly, if you are hungry and like tasty goodness then this place will make you happy. So drop the cartel coffee and your thrift store copy of "animal farm" and just eat. Additionally, the main waitress has remembers when we come in and insists we sit at "our table". Cute as hell.
5	I love this place for Thai Food as it's the best in downtown Phoenix. Every employee is incredibly friendly and the food is fantastic. Also, I have tried EVERY Thai Basil location in the valley and the downtown location is on another level of greatness! Seriously, the BEST THAI in DT Phoenix!
2	The first time I went I thought this place was very good, however, the second time was not as good.  The food is sort of bland, missing spices and just blah.  The portions are also a bit small when compared to other Thai restaurants.  I don't plan to go back.
4	First time at Thai Basil. The four of us arrived around 4:00 PM on a Saturday and it was almost empty. By the time we left, it was half full, which was a good sign. We ordered our meals family style so we could try different dishes. First up - Larb. We ordered pork Larb and it arrived piled on top of the lettuce, which prevented us from eating it as a wrap. Overall it was tasty tho. We also ordered Yellow Curry Chicken. It arrived with a bowl of steamed rice. Nothing good or bad about the YCC-very traditional. The Grilled Pork Sausage was disappointing. I guess I should've seen it coming but, first of all, it arrived after we finished everything else. Second, it was not very appetizing. I guess I was expecting a grilled sausage that was ground up and presented nicely. It was a sausage with some disjointed garnishes. Didn't like. The Shrimp Pad Thai was excellent. Very well done, with about 6-7 shrimps. Very well put together.Our service was excellent and could not have been better.
3	Average downtown Thai restaurant, nice for a quick workday lunch with peers.  OK, fresh hot Thai food.  Nothing too special.  Would I go back?  Yes, but there are other better options.Note - they had a very brisk business on a Thursday afternoon lunch, don't be surprised to wait for a table.
5	The drunken noodles and green curry were very good.  Nice atmosphere.  Beer selection small.
4	It was my turn to find a place for dinner, and since I'm always on the search for delicious Thai food I turned to our fellow Yelpers for recommendations and came upon Thai Basil. The four of us (my gf, her bf and my bf) arrived just around dinner to a cozy restaurant. We ordered our drinks and we decided each of us would order a dish.  We started with spring rolls and dumplings, and for our mains: drunken chicken noodles, BBQ thai sausage, cashew nuts with veggies & beef and a red thai curry. Since they weren't family style dishes, the non-noodle dishes came with sides of rice so that worked out great for us. Everything was really delicious and flavourful! The spices weren't overwhelming and portions were really hearty.I definitely agree with positive reviews of this place, some of the best Thai food I've had :)
2	Last night in Phoenix and I decided to just wander into the first place I passed that looked good for dinner. I made a poor choice. The service was really bad (I feel like they are annoyed I'm here) and the food is really salty. Super disappointing.
5	YUMMM!!!! Their signature salad with their notorious dressing is fantastic. The Thai Tea is huge and delish, Spring rolls are on point & couldn't leave without trying the coconut soup! Did not disappoint. Service is good and place is clean. Will definitely be back!
2	The pad Thai here is not very good, however the soups are decent. The ambience is good though.
5	BEST customer service out of all Thai Restaurants in the downtown area.The food gets a 10 as well! Make sure to stop by during lunch, the menu has everything!
4	Yum! Pad Thai with tofu is my go to and it had never done me wrong. The workers here are very friendly and accommodating. I ordered over the phone before I came in on my lunch break and my food was ready on time. Superb.
4	Yummy and fast lunch for a good priceStopped in for some Thai for lunch.  This place is across from the Wells Fargo building and gets a good business crowd.Very friendly young people took our order and bussed the table.  Did a good job of keeping drinks filled throughout the meal.  I also liked that they made sure I wanted real spiciness for my meal. So many restaurants are timid with the heat.  Maybe I looked non-pale enough that they believed I could handle it.  An "adult" came and served us our meal.  Excellent curry and noodle dishes.  And the spice was there as desired in my dish-- just the right level to give some heat while not totally overpowering the flavors.  Eggroll and soup were only okay, though.My associate and I came away thinking the service, value, speed, and food were worth the visit.  We'll stop by, again.
4	Very good/fast lunch without being fast food.The food's good (although lately it's been less spicy, I think) . This restaurant's packed every day for lunch so that's a sign that their food's tasty. I always get the pad thai  and it's to die for!The only  "negative" part about this restaurant's its size. It's ok for a small group but sometimes we're 10-15 people and we have to go somewhere else due to the fact that they can't accommodate a big group, which is sad because their food's very good and I know all of us really enjoy it.
4	Food is really good especially the papaya salad!  Super fresh and authentic.  My only issue was that during our meal they were cleaning up.  The mopping in particular bothered me only because the cleaner they used was really strong and I am not fan of sniffing pine sol during any meal.  :/.
5	Outstanding service seated, fed and out the door in 32 minutes. They really impressed me! I got the pad broccoli, so good! I'd highly recommend it!
4	Drunken noodles are very good. They know what mild means. Price is about 10$ for entree and a couple more for a drink. 20$ for a great meal.
5	Very good. Came in today for coworkers birthday and ordered the garlic dish with shrimp spicy.  Food was excellent, very authentic. The food came with a tray of various chili sauces to add to the intensity of the heat. Service was quick as well which is a must for working professionals.
3	The food here is great. I live nearby and walk over every few weeks. Penang Curry is my fav and they don't disappoint. Soups... YES  The only complaint I would have is this: I typically dine solo and order appetizer, soup and entree.  I have a few bites of each and expect to take the rest home as leftovers. They always pack everything in small styrofoam container which would not be able to hold half of what I had left. They're throwing away MY food to save costs on to go containers.
3	Service was good. Reduced price lunch specials. Pad Thai was ok. Maybe the curries are better.
5	The foods are great if u want to eat delicious thai food come to downtown and try this restaurant.
4	Of the 3 Thai places within walking distance of my downtown office, this is clearly the standout. Thai Basil is decorated beautifully, clean, has great service, and the lunch deals are perfect for the working lunch crowd. I've always been a fan of Thai food, and while there may be better out there - for what i'm looking for in a lunch option, this is the best. Love the yellow curry, great flavor. Also went for a basic fried rice dish one day and that was great too. Recommend this place for a quick lunch for a reasonable price :)
2	Ordered noodle soup with tofu and no cilantro. Got noodle soup with no tofu and lots of cilantro. Complained to the lady who gave me the food about the mistake and got ignored. So, I ate it. The noodle soup was kind of tasteless. Complained to the guy who bring me the bill later and got 20% off. Pay with credit card, but he charged full price on the card. Left no tips later and wrote on the back on the receipt that tips is already included.
5	I have become a Thai addict thanks to this place! Their curry is on point. My personal favorite is the Peanut Curry with chicken. Service is always great! The people are very pleasant :)
3	The food had great flavor and the atmosphere was really nice. I do have a qualm or two with the food, it was really heavy on the oil and having a love of Thai food it was not what I was used to at all. I'm used to chicken satay not being greasy but my napkin was filled with grease after just eating a piece (and no that was without peanut sauce). I had the spicy noodles medium which had a great spice but was also drenched in oil. There also were not a ton of veggies in it which I am used to but still good even though the next morning my husband and I paid for the amount of oil in the food. The waitstaff leaves a lot to be desired - really nice folks but slow and they don't listen all that well. My husband asked for sweetener for his tea 4 times and still never got it. The table next to us )who was seated after us) got their food sooner and it was an epically long wait for the check. Is eat there again in a pinch but I'd try something else having the option.
3	I would rate this place a little higher if this was the only thai place in Phoenix that i had ever tried, but in comparison it wasn't anything too special. The food was good, don't get me wrong but the portions were small for what you're paying for and nothing was so good it would bring me back. But service was very friendly and parking was easy for being downtown!
