5	Canine & Feline Concierge should be the standard in pet care. Vanessa has personally boarded my Ibizan Hound, Spartacus as well as my mom's dogs (a Lhasa Apso named Rory, Chocolate Lab named Jake, and very energetic Boxer named Tyson). All of our dogs had a blast boarding with Vanessa. They were treated like family members. Spartacus is use to sleeping in bed with me, so he got rule of the beds in her house. He had a blast playing in her backyard with the dog friendly swimming pool, boulders to climb on, and plenty of room to run and play. He had access to the outside whenever he wanted, but usually preferred to snuggle on the couch with Vanessa and her family. If you choose Canine & Feline Concierge, you can be sure that your fur baby will receive the best possible care and be treated exactly as you would treat them at home. Vanessa kept me updated on how Spartacus was doing while I was away, which really put my mind at ease. All of our dogs got plenty of exercise and playtime with Vanessa. I would never board my pet with anyone else! Canine & Feline Concierge is the BEST!I give them 5 stars and I know my mom would, too, if she had a yelp account!
5	Vanessa has been our pet sitter for the last two years, we can not even think of what we did before she came into our lives. We can leave town knowing that our babies (two Pomeranian, one Australian Shepperd, & one tabby) are going to be extremely well care for.All of our dogs and the cat love her and when we come home they seem to miss her more than they did us. She is a much better option than having to take them to a pet resort which is what we did before. Thank you for all you do for my babies!Haydee
5	Our black lab Prancer loves Ms Vanessa! He is one pampered pooch so when we travel away from home, we know he'll get playtime, feedings, snuggles, and even refreshing swims in the pool!! We get periodic updates and pictures of all the fun Prancer is having...We even got little extras like newspaper and mail pickup so the house did not look unattended. All I can say is the services are top-notch and Prancer-approved!!! Will definitely be working with them on our next trip.
