3	Being quite lazy one afternoon I decided to enquire about bus times and routes in the Tourist Information rather than checking the individual bus stop notices. Turned out to be a handy choice as I was swiftly provided with all the information I needed to set me off on my journey.One word of advice though, get there nice and early as there it can get excruciatingly congested with swathes of tourists - which I suppose is expected as it's every tourists instinctive information provider.
4	A great resource if you're holidaying in the city and need some information on what to do on your itinerary, you can book tours, organise outings and ask the friendly staff what they recommend you visit on your trip.I popped in here a few years ago when I wasn't sure what bus to get to Heriot Watt Uni, I must have waited around 40 minutes as this place was so busy and the staff spent ages with each customer. It's nice to be friendly and all but come on, move along people!Useful, but also always jam packed and it's quite small so no room to breathe sometimes. There's also a gift shop available if you need to buy your share of Scottish souvenirs on your visit.
3	For any newcomer, arriving in Edinburgh, or even for someone who is not particularly familiar with Edinburgh the first port of call has to be the Tourist Information Centre.  Located just by Waverley Station and on Princes Street, it is ideal for those arriving either by train or by plane.  If you have arrived by the latter means of transport and you have taken the airport shuttle bus into Edinburgh then you will be just down the road from here.  From the stairs onto Princes Street leaving Waverley station, turn left and you shall soon see it slightly set back from the road and heralded by a small paved square.  For those trying to find it from elsewhere, your best chance of success would be to ask directions or follow signs to Waverley station and go from there.You may wonder why I've been so specific about directions in a review - it is because this is the best place for finding a map.  The first time I arrived in Edinburgh to scout the town out I arrived without any idea of where to go and how to get around and it took me a while to find the Tourist Information Centre, but once I found it everything was alright.  This is because, although this is a great place for getting leaflets and finding out information about attractions, its most important role is as a provider of maps.  I've seen few other maps round town and most places tend to run out, but here you can get a map for free that will guide you on your travels.  This fact alone makes this in my opinion one of the most important places in Edinburgh for visitors.
3	The Tourist Information Centre is your first port of call for...tourist information. This is the place you come if you're new in town, Maybe you're lost, maybe you need to know how to get from A to B. If they don't know, they can at least point you in the right direction.Essentially the centre will tell you where streets are, which buses to get when to where, how to get to any of the cities tourist attractions. It also serves as a booking office for some of the cities tours and day excursions. They also provide office services, like printing and photocopying (not exactly sure why). You will also find a gift shop. Not surprising in Edinburgh for anything remotely related to tourism. Although this is actually not your usually tacky trash. Expect some tasteful thistle mugs and saltire stationery.I have to concur with the others though, this place can get crowded fast, and during the festival period don't expect to be able to get in the door after early morning.
4	These guys are really helpful, when I was in first year and was pretty bored me and my mate had done all the usual things people new to Edinburgh do so we wanted to try something different. We went up to a guy in the Tourist Information Centre and told him we were bored and had no money- and asked him what we should do. We were half expecting him to laugh at us, but he gave us a map and asked what we had done already. He ended up telling us that we should go on a scenic route on the Water of Leith, through Dean Village and eventually on to the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, which has free entry. We ended up doing what he said and it was a good cultural day out that I probably wouldn't have experienced if it were not for this place.
4	I thought this place was a great source of information.  Compared to the tourist centre in Bath this place is like a library of information.  It's a good resource of where to start your trip...maps and information galore - and easy to get to!
