2	I bought a groupon or Living Social deal with Moxie Girls.  I was very excited to get my house cleaned for 3 hours for $59.  I thought what a great deal...boy was I wrong.  I was expecting at least 2 people to show up at my house.  One girl came.  I was not there when she arrived but I got home moments later.  My fiancee had her start with a list that I had written up. They had asked me to do this with my priorities.   When I arrived home she was cleaning the blinds in the kitchen...I thought great, the other girl must be in the other room.  I proceeded outside to see my fiancee and ask about the other girl as I didn't want to interrupt.  I was told she was the only one.  I went back in and she asked me to go over the list with her and I told her I really want the bathrooms, kitchen and blinds done.  After I told her that she stopped on the blinds and went to the bathrooms.  I guess I should have been watching her as I really don't know what she did.  She did end up cleaning the bathrooms but none of the other blinds were done and there was still grime on the shower and bathroom walls.  Towards the end of the 3 hours a supervisor did arrive to see how she was doing.  At this time I had not gone around the house until after she had left to notice what was done and what was not done.  I thought she was doing fine.  She did end up cleaning the floors which was her last job and then she thanked me and left.  I walked around the house as this time and noticed that she had not dusted anything, the grime was still on the bathroom walls, the blinds were not done and to top it off she had caught my phone charger in the vaccuum as it was all ripped up.  I did end up calling and telling them this and they are in the process of paying me for a new one.  So I do have to give them props for good customer service...still waiting for the check but it's only been a few days since this has happened.  I did tell them nicely that for what she did she did an okay job but that they should have really sent 2 people as my fiancee and I had to still clean the house.  They explained to me this was the first time they had tried a groupon and were still learning.  So if you do try them tell them to bring at least 2 people.  It shows on their website that they also do other things such as hosting parties, hanging decorations, etc. which is a great idea.
5	I had my annual Holiday party last night and had purchased the Doozy of a Deal for 5 hours of help from Moxie Girl.  BEST PURCHASE EVER!!!  Amanda arrived promptly at 7pm and took over for me!  She was amazing, keeping the appetizer buffet full and my guests very pleased!  She is so personable, and the majority of my guests complimented her on her constant professionalism.  By the time she left at midnight, every dish had been cleaned and garbage thrown away.  I woke up this morning to a clean house with only serving pieces to put away!  I can't tell you how great it was to know that Amanda had everything under control!  Thank you thank you Moxie Girl...you made our party really wonderful!Heather
3	I was surprised when only one girl showed up at my door. I would have preferred at least two; we all know the reason for this ( in and out) The girl who came was clean, respectful of my needs and did a very nice job; the down side is I feel it is very greedy to want $40.00 An hour to clean a home with simple needs, not a disaster area. I have has my homes cleaned for 35 years and always has people do a nice job and not paid a corporate price. Pleased but disappointed
4	I met the owners of Moxie Girl long before I actually used the service, as often happens in a "small" town like Phoenix. When I did choose to move forward with house cleaning, it was when I was moving to a new home and wanted to have a thorough cleaning prior to moving. The owner (and person I knew), Amanda, came to my home to go through everything with me and provide an estimate. I was not there when the house was cleaned, but I thought the services provided were good enough to move on to a monthly cleaning service. I'll admit I had been a horrible cleaner prior to hiring someone, so having a regular deep-clean was appealing. Each time someone came to the house, he/she would do things I didn't expect, such as make my bed or put those cute hotel-style points on my toilet paper. I guess that, even if you're not a good cleaner, there are still things you would do differently, but that's one of the things you give up when asking for assistance, right?What I do love about Moxie Girl is their focus on customer service and the slew of services they provide. When cleaning, they use all-natural products, which I appreciate. But, if you just need an extra set of hands, they can do that too. Whether it's help with organizing, setting up and hosting a party, or cleaning out the garage, Moxie Girl has you covered. And, for a busy professional, a little extra help is always appreciated.
3	Well Moxie Girl's business must be doing so well that they just don't need any new customers. I really wish I could figure out how to successfully run my business with out any new customers! Go Moxie Girl!I bought the Living Social and after one failed attempt to set up a cleaning date I finally was able to get someone to call me back. I was excited to get my house professionally cleaned for the first time and I thought if this works out and their prices are reasonable I will set up a monthly appointment. One women showed up and she was very nice and very professional, can't remember her name. She got to work on my list and did a great job. In the note she left me she explained the problems she had, like my vacuum didn't work well and why my dogs were running around the house on my clean floors. No big deal, overall I was happy. Let me tell you my fridge wasn't this clean when I first bought it brand new!So the negative, never heard back from anyone. Never got pricing or even an offer to continue to clean my house...Maybe the just don't want to clean my house specifically...I will try not to be offended by that thought. Guess I will just have to move on to another cleaning company...probably doesn't bother a company who doesn't need new customers!
5	Update (Jan 4, 2012)  to original review which is posted below.A few months after the review listed below, I had Moxie Girl return for further work. I'd renovated the Master Bath and wanted their help to organize the bath. I arranged for 3 hours or so. Jim not only set up the bathroom in a logical and convenient way, he also totally revamped my walk-in closet, as well as tackling several other cluttered closets. The speed and proficiency with which he worked made me very happy. Now that the New Year has arrived, I am contemplating having Moxie Girl back out. Tax time is here and mine and my husband's office need some attention. Hire this company with confidence.Original review follows:I got a WeeklyPlus deal, 15 hours for $315. I scheduled three 5-hr days and planned to use that time to organize my garage. I figured it would take that long. One gal showed up and I got a little nervous. It's 4-car garage, but this gal was equal to the task. I worked alongside her, which is what I expected. Mostly, I directed 'keep, toss, donate'. Her supervisor showed up part way through and helped with moving heavier items around. Kat finished the garage halfway through her second visit. so she did my pantry room and cleaned a bathroom. She left early and tacked the remaining hour onto her third visit. During that visit she organized and decluttered my husband's closet, then set her sights on my kitchen. She reorganized it completely, then scrubbed it down.So yes...I think this company totally knows what it's doing.
5	I originally came across this service on Facebook.   Looks wonderful the more you check it out. They come in and do cleaning. Also organization in your home as well.  There are different packages you can sign up for. I always wanted to do it but, never really had the extra $$$.                 However, they will send you emails with specials listed. I took advantage of this.   I had a Moxie guy that came to clean. They bring all their own organic products, but you  provide brooms and vacuums because of health reasons.  The house smelled wonderful and clean when he was through. He even moved all the furniture to clean under it all. Which was great. I highly recommend it was great. Really helps you to get more done all the way around. *****
5	Very happy with Moxie's work. My wife and I hired Moxie last summer to watch our cats during a vacation. Then we signed on for a cleaning, and that has led to a recurring monthly appointment. And last month, they did a thorough job organizing a walk-in closet that had slipped into chaos. Moxie is responsive to our needs, courteous, professional and, most of all, GOOD.
5	Moxie is so much more than a cleaning service. They get my dry cleaning, make grocery runs and run errands that I need. Amanda is wonderful and always a fast email away to answer questions, coordinate errands and leave me feeling very comfortable that they are helping around our house.  Moxie is definitely the best.
1	This review is not for the quality of work performed by the lady who came to my house (Noelle) but for the company itself. Based on my experience with them, Moxie Girl is just a company who is lucky to have loyal hard workers but they themselves don't have very good ethics and it seems they do not treat their workers very well.. I had an in-home consult with one of their girls, Kaiti, and she really seemed like she had no idea what she was talking about. She was extremely awkward and often could not find appropriate words to convey her thoughts. At any rate, by the end of the consult, she agreed that it would be prudent to send two women to complete the job (extensive home cleaning and quite a bit of clothes ironing) and I even saw her writing that down. However when I later spoke to her on the phone, she acted as if she had no idea what I was talking about when I mentioned two workers and made it seem like I had somehow already agreed to having only one person come by and then proceeded to ask me for my credit card info right there on the phone. When Noelle (alone!!!) came by prompty at 9am on the day she was scheduled, she did a very thorough job cleaning (she spent about 9 hours just cleaning although Kaiti had the audacity to suggest that it would be 4 hours of work...only if Noelle is Iron Man!!!!!) and understandably so she was completely beat and had no time for ironing and left after profusely apologizing and reassuring me that she loves the company she works for but that she too was surprised that they had only sent one person to do this much work. Her repeatedy saying that she loves this company made it clear that if she says anything less or that she disagrees with any of their practices, her job is in serious jeopardy. They will not be getting anymore business from me. Anyone who has unrealistic expectations of their employees and no respect for their employees certainly would not have any respect for their customers.
5	I love Moxie Girl!  As a single young professional, these ladies provide two of the best treats that a girl can get - TIME and a RESTFUL, RELAXING home.  With a busy and unpredictable work and travel schedule, I'm excited to have Moxie Girl come in once a month to do a more thorough cleaning than I'll ever be able to do.  At the price of a couple days of Starbucks and a mani/pedi, this service fits right into my budget and the staff is friendly.  I love that they are able and willing to go the extra mile to think of the details and that they offer organizing, cleaning, and pet sitting help.  It's a one stop shop for all my household needs.
5	Don't take my word for it, try out the service for yourself & be the judge! Why wouldn't you want such an opportunity to have someone like Amanda to work her magic?  She was even able to handle our Belgian Malinois dog that even my vet could not (& I worked for the vet)!!!
5	I know I am SOOOO late with this review, but I guess better really really late then never! My husband and I host an annual holiday party every year and we have been fortunate enough to have Moxie Girl help us for the last 4 years! I usually request the lovely Amanda (my hubs is from SD as well), she wasn't available this year, so we were lucky enough to have Erin help us this year! I had a couple requests from Amanda if I couldn't have her at my party, 1) my Moxie Girl had to be a clone of Amanda and 2) she had to come to my home a few days before and see the "lay of the land". On Friday, the day before the party, in walked Erin! Ummm, hello Amanda look-alike! She came ready to learn, with a note pad and pen. What???? I asked Erin what Erin had prepped her about my party, and she said "No burlap, and don't let Heather get the pizza out of the oven". Well played Amanda!!!!! The day of the party, Erin arrived and was AMAZING! She exceeded all of our expectations! Erin was professional, friendly, courteous, and did I mention AMAZING!!!! All of my guests loved her, and a few struck up conversations with her as well! Thank you so much for making my holiday party a success!!!!!!Heather and Mike Doyle
5	Amazing service and high quality cleaning. I can so far only vouch for thei cleaning services, but they do so much more than expected. We have a large house and with our work schedules, it would have taken us several weekends to get our house that clean. Thanks for your stellar service and professional performance.
5	Moxie girl is awesome. Every member of the staff I have interacted with is extremely professional and friendly. The girls I've met seem to really love working for Moxie Girl and this shows in the quality of their work.I have them clean once a month because I hate dusting and vacuuming. I switched from Molly Maid a few months ago and have never been happier. One of my favorite things about Moxie Girl is that all of the staff speak English fluently. I'm able to carry on a full conversation and if I need anything done differently or want something special done.. I don't have to struggle or find somebody to interpret for me.I plan on sticking with Moxie Girl for quite a while. They are awesome.
5	Hired Moxie Girl to clean the house I moved out of. They were great! They took care of everything I asked them for and was very satisfied with the results. One of the two girls did mess up the shower door by taking it off its track and leaving it for some reason, but no big deal I fixed it.If ever I need to have a cleaning company come, I'll be giving them a call.
5	I had my first Moxie Girl house cleaning recently. I was expecting a carload of girls to come in and just crank it out. Instead, I was happy to see one nice young guy show up. He cleaned down everything in the house, meticiously and methodically - it took him 5 hours. I cannot be happier with their (his) service. This was my first cleaning from a cleaning service. I will have them return once a month. Moxie Girl will be the only cleaning service I will ever hire.
5	We just had Moxie Girl come out for a first cleaning. Mitchell was the cleaner, and he did a great job! He spent four hours making sure our house was super clean. Also, one of the main reasons why I chose Moxie Girl was because of their use of green products. They do use a couple of non-green products, but I requested that they only use green products in our house. They were very happy to accommodate my request. I highly recommend others to try Moxie Girl. You won't be disappointed!
1	I waited a while to write my review because I wanted to be sure I wasn't writing it out of pure anger. After my experience I would never use this company again and do not recommend that anyone else does. I purchased the deal through yelp and was scheduled right away actually for the next day. The woman who showed up to clean my home was on time and was very friendly. She got through my kitchen, master bedroom and master bathroom. She did not clean anything else but what she did get through was very thorough. Th problem is that she used oven cleaner on the top of my stove- ruining the control panel. The company offered the replace the piece however it has been discontinued so 3 weeks later I ended up settling for a scratched part from eBay. (That was my choice and actually the only choice). Someone from Moxie dropped off the part at my home and I ended up having to pay someone to install it. Worst part- they ended up charging me more than the quoted price! The house cleaner didn't even get through half of what I was quoted for. They did end up refunding me the extra charge however I still paid $95 for the yelp deal and another $50 for the stove part replacement. What a waste. Hiring someone is supposed to be a stress reducer not stressor.
3	Update: Moxie reached out to me to reimburse me for the cost I incurred to have someone install the part. Unfortunate circumstances, but shows great business practice.
