1	This place is a joke.  They post great prices on Craigslist but thats where it ends.  Ive called/emailed their Mesa location 4 times over the past 7 days.  No return call or email.  I then called their Scottsdale location and he couldnt explain Mesa.  But he took my info and was going to call me back shortly to set up an appt to come by with samples and to measure.  Two days go by, no call back.  I called back again and he said ""well how much carpet do you need"  Apparently because I only want one room done, I am unimportant.  Good luck with your business
1	Stay away from this place. Their post on craigslist is a joke. They never showed up on the schedule date to do the work. I had to call them, they sent the wrong material I ordered a job that was supposed to be 2 days took over a week. They sent this guy who was terrible, first he didn't speak English so he had to communicate thru someone else, I couldn't wait for them to leave my house because he was so unprofessional. They didn't finish the job and cost me any additional repairs. I had to pay more than originally quoted because supposedly the office forgot or didn't tell them the scope of the work. Even for free I wouldn't want them to do any work for me. Stay away from this place its a rip off. After I told someone about whom I have he told me start praying and he was right.
4	I just finished an extensive remodel of our house.  AZ Discount Flooring did all the tile and shower demo and then they also installed a new tile shower, tub wall, tile floors, bathroom & kitchen backsplash, carpet in bedrooms, and wooden baseboards throughout the house.  They also cleaned and sealed all the tile afterward.It turned out beautifully.  I am extremely happy with the final product.Pros:AZ Discount Flooring had the very lowest priced travertine I could find ANYWHERE.  I did extensive research and their price ($1.99/sq ft for 24X24 travertine) could not be beat.  Their install price at $2/sq ft and $1/sq ft to clean and seal was also quite reasonable.  I had three different installers quote me anywhere from $3/sq ft all the way to $8/sq ft to install travertine.  The quality of the materials is excellent.  I absolutely love my floor tiles.  They are beautiful.  The glass tile and backsplash materials and the wooden baseboards are also very nice.The quality of work performed was also good.   My floors are all even and the grout lines are 1/16 and look fabulous.  At the end of the project we had a surplus of tile and the owner, Marie, took the surplus and gave us a refund--keeping us below budget.Cons:The store seems to do alot of business with contractors and sub-contractors.  Because of this, it is difficult for a layperson (like myself) to schedule and communicate plans.  Do some research on what you want before you go in and make sure you are prepared with your measurements and exact list of what you want.Different crews do each part of the job.  I had a different crew for my demo, tiling, carpeting and baseboards.  This can be confusing as some parts of the job (like who re-installs the toilets or who demos the baseboards) could be performed by many of the crews.  Make sure you nail down all of these details to avoid confusion.The project took about 2 weeks longer to complete than originally intended.  This was mostly due to a 1-2 person tile crew.  They did an excellent job but probably needed more help.  Bottom line is that you get wonderful quality for a very low price.  The trade-off is that you have to be the one who is on top of the project and be organized because this place is crazy busy.  If you are looking for alot of hand holding and quick return calls, this is not your place.  If you are looking for the best deal possible and you are patient and willing to do some work--contact AZ Discount Flooring.
1	Marie and her employees are VERY unprofessional! She has great prices on product but stay away from her installers. And heaven help you once she is paid forget it! And she is not BBB accredited as her invoice states (faker). They promise and under-deliver to the max! I have even sent her video to her cell of the mess they made at my house - she could care less! I went to the BBB, she has not responded to them and I am disputing the charge until my home is repaired from the tile guys who were sloppy with the grout, left my toilet ajar from its mooring which is causing a foul odor to be present, destroyed all my baseboards, and did not make all the grout lines even!!!  Both my wife and I took 2 days each of PTO from work to get this job done and to this day it is incomplete.  She cannot get her tile guy (Martin) to come back because she does not pay.  Her employee's and contractors told us that she lies to customers, cheats them out of money, and is very bad pay.  Had I known all this I would not have bought from her.  Again her prices are so great you get caught up in that fact and assume that the install will be a breeze, we had 70 sq ft of tile and 500 sq ft of laminate for our master bathroom done and they promised a 2 day completion.  Not sure what my next step will be if the credit dispute does not go through but I am sure we will have to visit a local Judge to file a civil complaint to get the tile work redone.
1	Called to schedule an estimate for a 7100 square foot office space to redue all tile and carpet.  Lady with accent answered the phone very rudely and when I asked to speak to a sales associate she ask me "for what?"  ummm flooring maybe.  Not a good start and decided not to go any further.
4	So if you are high maintenance and need all that attention and hand holding, go somewhere expensive and pay for it.  Otherwise, this place is quite the find.A hole in the wall location that has contractors going in and out for the best selection and prices in Phoenix.  (They should know where to go!)  I was amazed at the prices, the selection, and the quality of the products. So here is the deal; I found beautiful porcelain wood tile like I could not find elsewhere - at almost half the price - and I had been shopping.  (From Italy no less!)  But really, all the tiles there are amazingly priced way below anything else I could find.  And the selection was endless.  So this is not a beautiful store with everything laid out so fine.  You need to go through it and do your legwork.  But rest assured - it is worth it.  I saved a lot of money for an upscale look. AND they delivered it on a Sat!And now for the installation.  I had my own installer tentatively picked out.  But when I casually informed the owner, Marie, my installer price tag, she easily beat it.  I hesitated - did I dare go with an unknown?  Well, I gave it a go and did not regret it when the work was done.  I only had one installer, so good thing time was not a factor.  But honestly, he was a craftsman with good work ethic, did a great job and cleaned up after himself when it was done.  So all good here!
1	I said all right after reading a couple of the better reviews... I don't need hand holding and I am not high maintenance.  I called for a small tile job in a low end rental property.  The first call went great.  After that, completely and utterly downhill.  Unprofessional, unethical, and disorganized.  Scheduled for measurements (which I paid $50.00 for), guy didn't show up.  Called, Marie said she forgot to tell him about it.  Re-scheduled.  Guy went and took measurements.  Was supposed to get a bid the next day, in the morning.  Called, Marie was behind.  No bid.  Called later in the day.  No answer.  Texted Marie.  Said she would have it soon.   Evening, no bid.  Called.  Marie said she was working on it, gave me a deal on my tile.  Um, wrong tile.  Marie texted me a bid.  Measurements were over 100 sq. ft higher than what I had measured, not including the extra 10% of tile needing to be ordered.  The next day, I finally got the bid.  Called several times throughout the day, no answer.  Next day, called again.  Finally someone answers.  Marie is out of the country, she has no idea what is going on, has to find my paperwork and will call me back.  At this point, I threw in the towel and decided I didn't trust them to actually put in the tile and do a decent job.  I called someone else to install, figured at minimum I could still get the tile from them, the prices were good.  The new installer told me to go to Floor and Decor, prices were better.  Service was better.  Done and Done.  Went to Floor and Decor, picked out tile at $.16 cheaper per sq. ft, bigger selection, better tile.  New installer at the house now laying new floor.  Done and done.  You are welcome AZ Discount Flooring for my $50.00.   Lesson learned.  What a headache.
5	This the place to go for flooring! I was a little skeptical at first based on the other reviews, but I gave them a shot and was pleasantly surprised. I did quite a bit of shopping around from big box retailers to Craigslist ads, and Arizona Discount Flooring offers by far the best quality at the best price. I would highly recommend stopping in for a quote at the very least before committing to any other vendor.
