4	Great for people watching on Rue St Laurent, nice outdoor seating. Food was good (I had home made pasta with asparagus and ricotta---yum) and reasonably priced. Good wine list.
5	I don't hand out 5 stars frequently but Primadonna is top notch in my book.  It has fantastic food with none of the attitude found at many highly rated restaurants.  It is a great experience from the moment you arrive.It's a busy spot to be sure but a wait for a table doesn't seem too bad when you belly up to the beautiful bar at the rear of the restaurant.  I highly recommend the "Anti-Freeze" frozen martini.  Top shelf Vodka, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice and Madori.  A couple of those while you wait and you won't care if your table ever becomes available.  It's the best drink I've ever had - hands down! It's somewhat difficult to "pigeon hole" Primadonna from their menu perspective.  Definitely has an Italian influence but also has a distinct Asian feel to it as well.  Suffice to say though, their menu is quite diverse and full of unique items and combinations to suit any palate.I have dined there three times, twice with a large party and each time we ordered the huge sushi boat. It was fabulous!  Even if sushi is not your cup of tea, you just may like the sushi at Primadonna. The third time was a party of four and I ordered the grilled salmon.  It was excellently prepared and came with some corn salsa, rice and beans.  I was a little surprised by that combination but let me tell you, it all works together.  It was very good!The atmosphere at Primadonna is current.  It's got almost a club vibe to it and is a very entertaining place to eat.  The last time I was there (party of 4), we got a table overlooking the sidewalk.  It was a beautiful summer night, the large picture window was open and it was almost like dining Al fresco.  The service is phenomenal.  Each time we were there, we had a different server and, while each had their own unique personality, all were not only competent, but FUN!  It seemed they were having as much fun as we were but ALWAYS got it right when it came to service.My only regret is that I live in the Chicago area and don't get to Montreal near enough.  If your travels take you there, Primadonna is a must!  You will be very glad you carved it into your plans.
3	My boyfriend and I ate an early dinner at Primadonna one weekend, and as such, it was pretty empty. The decor and atmosphere is quite nice. Definitely romantic (perfect for those first dates! ;))I ordered the seafood linguine which was pretty decent...the shrimp and scallops were a bit rubbery, but perfectly edible. My  boyfriend ordered the chicken confit pasta which was OUTSTANDING (well, compared to my linguine, it was..). Bread with balsamic vinegar and EVOO accompany the meal, as the above average service. Prices were a bit high, but it IS St. Laurent afterall...
