2	This place is a tad bit expensive for my taste and the service could be better.
5	Conveniently right near my house and next to my gym. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Clean beds. Be sure to check out groupon because they have specials deals there too!
5	Perfect location with many different tanning beds to choose from so you don't have to keep doing the same thing! Staff is very friendly and holds a clean, newly remodeled store! Definitely recommend to a friend!
4	Favorite body heat salon to tan at. Plus the girls here are actually nice and not obnoxiously rude like some of the other locations
5	This is the closest bodyheat to my house , been going to body heat for years . This is probably my favorite location. The girls are so sweet and it's always clean . For the most part I'm in and out with the exception that there's been a few times that I've had to wait but sometimes it gets a little more packed the usual especially when they run specials !
5	I just reinstated my membership after having it frozen due to the fact that I work outside at a pool. Amber helped me out a lot!! She helped me pick out a new tanning lotion with bronzer and an after tanning lotion. She also remember my name and was very professional and friendly. Thank you Amber for helping me out today! ( And Courtney ;) )
5	the girls Justine, Makayla were very friendly and helpful !!!! very customer friendly ..I love the beds, And the location is perfect !!
1	The customer service at this place is truly awful.  It's nearly impossible to call the locations directly - you have to dial into a main line, then enter an extension, which doesn't work half the time.  If no one answers, there's no voicemail, you have to call back again and again.  Their website doesn't list hours for each of the locations either and since no one answers the phone, I've had to call multiple locations to try and figure out the hours of different salons...and what's even more ridiculous is that the staff doesn't always know the hours of other salons!I've been a member here for over a year and recently tried to cancel my membership.  I tried calling and wasn't able to reach anyone there MULTIPLE times.  Finally I reached someone who told me to email Corporate.  I emailed them and it took over a week for them to respond.   They then told me that I'd be charged for the following month because of their 30 day cancellation policy....even though I'd already been trying to cancel for over a week! Each location has different levels of quality - there's ZERO consistency.  Some locations are really nice and some are totally beat up.  It's like they just gave up on them.  Their Versa spa machines vary wildly and some of them are just plain unclean.  The owners of this business clearly have the market cornered and don't care about customer service or keeping a high level of quality across all locations.  Hugely disappointing.
