5	My husband & I tried the Athenian Grill tonight for dinner.  The restaurant is bright, cheery, and very clean.  We were greeted & seated right away.  The service was great.  The prices are extremely reasonable and you get a lot for your money.  We both had the Chicken Souvlaki platter with Greek salad & Greek fries.  The tzatziki sauce was really good and fresh and you can tell they make the yummy Greek dressing in house. The warm pita bread is a nice touch.  They also served our baklava warmed which was excellent and very flaky!  The owner came out to speak to us and the wait staff was very friendly and efficient.  We'll be back for sure!
5	First time here. Had the Greek salad with grilled chicken  and homemade Greek salad dressing and tzatziki.  Salad was fresh and tzatziki was very good. Waitress was friendly and attentive lunch was cheap.
5	This is a wonderful place to get a reasonably priced meal that is fresh and tasty.  Really glad I found this place.  Owner is very nice and I really wish them all the success because I hope to make this my go to restaurant for girl's nights and family nights.
5	Serving sizes are huge, prices are incredibly reasonable. Our food arrived quickly. Loved every bite! Their pita bread is soft, fresh and delicious. Eat here soon and often!
5	Our waitress recommended the Pasticho.  It was outstanding.  Hummus was fantastic.  Very friendly staff,  even though our kids were horrible.  They went out of the way to make us feel welcome.
5	Wonderfully fresh and delicious Greek food.  Really enjoyed the gyro and the hand-cut Greek fries, but I think I'm most excited about having fresh dolmades only 5 minutes from our house!  The interior of the restaurant is clean and pretty, with murals of Greece on the walls and Greek music playing. Service is good...what a great addition to Indian Trail!
5	I've been to this restaurant 3 times, and it NEVER disappoints!  The staff is extremely attentive & friendly, and the service is very quick.  My Village Greek salad (that I chose to add chicken to) was so good!  Their homemade greek dressing is excellent, as is their Ttzatziki sauce.  The food is fresh, extremely tasty. and healthy - since it is Meditteranean - and you get a lot of it. You def. get a big bang for your buck at Athenian - it's a favorite of mine.
5	Wow! Absolutely amazing! I'm from NY and haven't been able to find real Greek food in Indian Trail. I had the Greek salad with chicken and it was fantastic. Big portions and reasonable prices. I definitely will be going back.
5	Greek salad is awesome. Great price for the amount and quality of the food. Will def come back.
5	It doesn't get any better than this!  We love, love, love this restaurant!  A welcomed addition to Indian Trail.  This location has been many restaurant with none of them lasting long at all.  I truly hope Athenian Grill does because it is one of our favorites!  We tried it when it first opened and have been back numerous times.  Our favorites are the chicken soulevaki, greek salad and the feta burger.  The Tazeki sauce is to die for!  All homemade and the portions are good and the prices reasonable.  Service is great and the owner is very nice!
5	Love this place! My family has eaten here several times. I'm a huge fan of spanakopita and it's wonderful here. I also had the special Pastitsio, which I wasn't familiar with, and enjoyed it. All of the Greek entrees are authentic and freshly made. There are also non-Greek entrees on the menu which makes my husband happy. Service is friendly and prices are quite reasonable. I plan to dine here often!
5	Just went to this place for the first time and loved it :) we went when they were almost closing and wanted to just get food to go. While we waited on our order, the waitress got us waters and was very thoughtful! I thought this was very unique. She didn't have to do that,  but she wanted us to feel comfortable while we waited :) The food itself was awesome! I got the shrimp pita and was very pleased...will definitely be revisiting this one!
5	This place is a diamond in the ruff. Fresh food, great service and  we really really really enjoyed it a lot.  Thank you for the great food.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in the area.  The food is always very fresh and delicious.  The wait staff and owner are always super nice.  We eat here every week and are NEVER disappointed!
5	Great price! Great food! Great service! Love this place! Good for the whole family!
5	I am not a big fan of writting reviews for restaurants but I think this restaurant is kind of an undiscovered Gem. I stopped by after reading so many positive reviews. It did not dissapoint at all, i order the small greek salad and added chicken, it was delicious. Chicken was moist and flavorfull. I went back twice more, being the most recent today 09/03/14. Today i had the chciken Pita Sandwich and the Pita was soft and as great as the chicken. I will keep coming back
5	Love their gyros!!! The meat is seasoned perfectly, there cucumber sauce is absolutely delicious. We have only been there twice and have not been disappointed at either visit. The staff is friendly and courteous and the food comes out quick and hot. Their menu is not overwhelming and they have a nice mix of food so even if you are not a fan of Greek food, there is something on their menu for everyone in the family to be able to enjoy. They are also very kid friendly. The restaurant is very clean as well as the bathrooms. I would recommend that anybody who lives in the Matthews, Indian trail area should definitely stop in one day and give this place a try. You can either eat in or take out.
1	Long wait time for food, no one else in the place.  Mediocre food but prices are reasonable.  Would rather go to the Steak and Hoagie Shop near CPCC for good Greek food, much faster service as well.
4	Food and service was really good. I had the chicken Philly and my partner had the pork tenderloin and they were both delicious. Will definitely eat here again.
2	Wow, I just don't understand the buzz about this place at all. First off there was 2 things I just couldn't get over, how dirty and worn down the inside was and how bad the service was. The place had been other restaurants before and other than some cheesy Greek mural nothing was done. The table I was at felt like it had never been scrubbed and the benches and chairs are worn out.The service was inexcusably bad, and the waitress didn't wash her hands. I know this because I followed her through the front door and never saw her wash her hands. At least until after she brought drinks she was never out of sight. She was also not very knowledgable of the menu, I asked "what is in your Greek salad?" And she says generic 'you know, lettuce and feta cheese and stuff' and then launches into an explanation of feta cheese. I had to ask her 2 more times before I could even get a real answer. She never offered up any specials, but when asked she told us, but one in particular was a "beef casserole" and "they put seasonings in it to be delicious" but nothing more. Ugh she was just lousy, had no table presence and did not own her role in the customer-server relationship. The food was...eh, ok. Barely. Nothing tasted fresh at all.  It is still the summer and the tomatoes were lousy. The tzatziki sauce was just yogurt, no pepper or cucumber was discernible. The pita was tasteless and closing in on stale. The lamb meat was so overwhelmingly seasoned with oregano and something else I couldn't taste the lamb, but at least it was hot.  And the "Greek fries" were a joke. You can't sprinkle a minuscule amount of dried oregano on fries and call them Greek. Oh and the kids meals were a let down. A healthy pile of meat on a pita, no sauce, no tomato, nothing. Nobody wants a dry gyro, not even kids.2 stars instead if 1 for 2 reasons. Even though the kids meal gyro was lousy it was still a great value and once we got some sauce they were edible. And the gyro meat. Granted it was over-spiced but it was still yummy with a deliciously browned outside.
5	Fantastic!The place was attractively decorated with wall murals, new booths, chairs and tables.Service was prompt and courteous.Grilled chicken pita sandwich with Greek fries great tasting and tons of chicken. Most places are skimpy!Pork pita with fries was terrific and cooked well.So full didn't get to try the baklava :(Will be back!
4	Nice little place that serves deliciously fresh Greek food at excellent prices.  The service is always very friendly and the restaurant is very clean.  We have never been disappointed here with we have eaten in or taken out.  Great place for that "ooops...I forgot to take something out for dinner" night.
4	The prices here are cheap... And I mean extremely cheap! Our dinner was around $20 for two including tax and tip. The food itself was disappointing based on the reviews. The gyro meat seemed processed or lower quality but still pretty good. Just more state fair gyro than authentic gyro. The greek salad was decent quality. The fries were awesome! Overall extremely great value for the price and worth a stop for a cheap eat. Just don't expect the best most authentic greek you've ever had. Excellent attentive friendly service as well!!
4	It is what it is...and that is a not very fancy but very good Greek restaurant that very well priced and is much needed for the Indian Trail area. The hummus, gyro and baklava were all very good and some of the best tzatziki sauce I've had.  Very friendly...even the cook, who I think is the owner thanked us for coming.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
5	Drove from VA for a day trip and stopped by to grab a bite after reading reviews on yelp. We weren't disappointed. Good, fresh food for a low price. Good sized portions. Ordered three entrees, a beer, two sweet teas and baklava for dessert, total came to approx $35.
5	My wife and I love this place, we got the party platter with hummus and tzatziki as we had the family coming in for Christmas and they loved it.  I always order the Gyros, they're great, and my wife and her mom who is 98 and lives with us love the Greek salad.  As to some of the earlier comments about the "buzz," I have eaten all over the world as I travel extensively and although I would not rate this in the top 10 global restaurants where I have eaten I would say that this is still a neighborhood gem with good food and a really friendly, caring owner.
5	Best Greek and chicken salad I have ever had!!!  Our daughter (10 years old) loves their children's cheeseburger.  Great food and reasonably priced!  We go once a week!We give it five stars (even though the app would't accept the five star we tried to give it).
