5	Michael at ruff housing goes above and beyond to pamper your pet so they will feel  at home and be comfortable.  Dogs are constantly walked, played with and even get to go to the dog park each day.   Status updates are provided daily with pictures or video's.   Dogs are supervised 24 hrs a day, get alot of attention and can sleep anywhere, including his bed.   Strongly recommend and would use again.
5	The best doggie daycare service! I felt so comfortable leaving my 3 month old puppy for the first time. He sent me video and photo updates, so I could see how well my pup was interacting with the other dogs. There is cameras on the dogs at all times, so I can always watch my pup through an app on my phone. I don't think Id ever feel comfortable using another doggie daycare. I have recommended and told so many people about this one! And the best part of all? I can tell my pup absolutely loves going over there. He even cries the whole car ride home, because he rather stay there than come home with me! Lol. So happy I found this place!
5	I boarded my dog for 28 days with Michael and I'm so glad I did! He was so good to my dog! He sent me videos of her, took her to park, hand-fed her when she wouldn't eat from anxiety, and let her sleep in the bed with him! I love watching her on the cameras and Michael responds to your texts almost instantly if you have any questions or concerns. I highly recommend this place!!
5	Mike sent me videos on a daily basis of my dog's interaction with the other dogs and other various activities. He's a very nice guy. My tea cup Pomeranian was well taken care of, while my family was enjoying a much needed vacation.
5	Michael is awesome and reliable! Our pup has stayed with him multiple times, two of those times were more than 2 weeks long.  He's a very nice guy with very reasonable rates, plus he has a few cameras around so you can check up on your dogs. We are very happy to have found him! We are thinking about joining his monthly daycare program too!
5	Michael is very reliable, flexible, and friendly.  He takes care of our dog, Paco, on a weekly basis.  Paco really enjoys going there and gets along great with Michael and the other dogs.  What's also great is that there are three webcams so we can check up on Paco during the day.  I would highly recommend Michael!
5	Michael is truly a godsend. I've been bringing my sweet and hyper little shelty/border collie mix to him for years. I work long of hours and needed lots of doggy daycare and for occasional out of town trips. I recommend him to all my friends and colleagues. He's Cesar-Milan-dog-whisperer good with dogs. The dogs go on lots of walks to the park, get plenty of TLC and have an awesome indoor/outdoor setup that's even video monitored so you can check it out online! He's made my dog special meals of organic chicken and brown rice when she's gotten sick. I don't have enough good things to say about Michael as a person and doggy caretaker. I'm lucky to have found him!!
5	Michael is absolutely the most amazing dog sitter that you could ever have the pleasure of meeting. I recommend him to all of my friends. Not only is he a great dog sitter, but he is also a wonderful human being.
