4	This little thrift store is tucked away in a Plaza and easy to miss! (next to toys r us)For such a tiny store, it's loaded with cheap knick knacks, clothing, quilts, books and much more. Definitely a hidden little gem of a thrift shop that's worth a trip!
4	Friendly staff. AS Organized as they can be with the limited space.
2	This place is super tiny, but is stocked pretty full. When I walked in, I wasn't greeted because there were other customers being helped. They had their daily specials posted on the door. There are a few aisles of clothing, which take up most of the store. The clothing prices are comparable to Savers (not very cheap, but still good deals.) Everything in the clothes section is labeled/categorized, so it's easy to find exactly what you're looking for. There were also a few rows of knick-knacks, where I got 4 new zippers for sewing for $3.00 total (much better than retail).Their book section is very well organized, and they have a pretty good selection of magazines and vintage books. Because the workers are volunteers from Faith Lutheran (I think they are the parents of the school's students), the customer service isn't the best. They do a lot of chit-chatting with each other, even when customers need attention. One worker could not remember the daily specials, and mixed them up when another shopper asked about them. I wouldn't say I'd "never come back," but I think the store would have greater potential if they rent a larger space. Unfortunately, it is hard to notice some merchandise because some of it is piled up on each other. I had to make 2-3 rounds around the store to make sure I saw everything.
4	I'm always a fan of a good thrift store and this one is no exception! The staff is very friendly and there's a wide selection of reasonably priced items. I also like how the proceeds go to a good cause. The one thing that was a bit of a negative was the confusing sale prices. Don't get me wrong, I love a good sale! But the day we were there, three colors of tags were 75% off, and then a certain other color was 50% off, while yet a third was 25% off. Great to have almost the whole store on sale, but difficult to remember which tag was which. That being said, I'll still come back :).
