5	I brought my daughter to Dr. Nagy two years ago when she began complaining of feet pain. Dr. Nagy is you old style Dr. Doctor that gives you his full attention, listens to your concerns and takes the time to answer your questions. His amount of years gives shows on his thorough all assessment of his patients. I will recommend Dr. Nagy to everyone!! His staff office are helpful and very nice.
5	I have been needlessly suffering with foot pain for the past six months.  Dr Nagy was very thorough in his exam and his complete explanation of what was going on, physiologically.  He explained the treatment plan thoroughly, set my expectation appropriately and here I am, a couple of days into the treatment plan and I'm significantly better, ahead of schedule.  His office is efficient, clean, and pleasant and he is a delightful man who knows and takes pride in his trade.  He's a rarity among doctors these days.  I highly recommend him if you're having any issues whatsoever with your feet.
5	Dr. Nagy was very friendly and very thorough in his exam.  You can tell he is extremely knowledgeable in his field and takes the time to listen to your concerns and give you all the different options available to you.  I was able to pick a plan that fit my needs.  I would definitely recommend his office to anyone!
1	Dr. Nagy may be a fabulous podiatrist, but since the rules of the office are to require I provide my Social Security Number, I didn't get the chance to see him...they refused to see me. I do NOT give out that information unless I am filling out a credit application, which I was not. We will let the HIPAA review board sort that one out since I have already filed a complaint. In the meantime, I'm off to find another podiatrist, which is sad to me because Dr. Nagy has such great reviews. Now IF I didn't have insurance (that they verified) and IF they had mentioned some of this on the phone when I called, maybe I could have understood. But to be told I couldn't even see the doctor if I didn't provide my SSN is ridiculous (and I think a true HIPAA violation, but we will see). But they did not. I have satisfied my deductibles for the year, so my visit would have been covered at 100% by my insurance. And they knew all of that.
