2	Do you know how long I've been wanting to go to a Village Inn?  Let me tell you that it's been at least 4 years.  I pictured Denny's in the Swiss Alps with wood paneling and intricately carved seating areas.  Turns out it was like a knock-off Denny's.  And I had been so excited, too.  Maybe I hit it on an off night.  Maybe I wasn't there late enough.  I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt food-wise, now that I know the decor was all in my imagination.  I can say that like Denny's it has a big menu and is good for children (as evidenced by the mechanical crane machine in the entryway).
1	The place is low-end, like Denny's. Not comfortable, not inviting. The food here is below average... I've never had a good meal there. I'd only eat there if nothing else was open around it.
3	Nothing fancy but quick and easy food with lots of family friendly options
4	Nice 'n clean! Great air conditioning! They have Eggs Benedict! ...but sadly...the poached eggs were a little overcooked!
5	Great place to come to get eggs benedict as well as a variety of other tasty bkfst favorites!!The wait on a Sunday morning can be a bit long due to after church traffic...but it's well worth the wait, I feel.The staff is friendly, the food is VERY yummy, and their service time is pretty quick, even with a full house.We frequent this place quite often, and I felt it was finally time for a review.I will say that the egg on my eggs benedict could have been a little runnier...but...with the stuff that's been going on with eggs lately, Ill pretend they were trying to do me a favor and keep me from being sick....rather than the chef just overcooked them.  Regardless, it was still very yummy, so I'm not upset.Definitely recommend for breakfast!!  Haven't been for lunch or dinner OR pie, so I can't comment on those items!  :-)
3	Do you ever get a craving and you just need to satisfy that craving??  One Saturday evening my daughter and I saw a commercial for pie on TV. She said "mom, let's get some pie".....who am I to ignore that request??  So off we went.  We have been here a couple of times and it is clean and the service is friendly.  The food is nothing spectacular but it's good if you want a quick bite.  Now the pie....well, the pie is pretty good.  I have had chocolate cream, peanut butter and chocolate, and lemon cream cheese.  All have been good and fresh.  And it satisfied a craving.  What more could you ask for?
4	I only come here for breakfast, coming for dinner freaks me out a bit. Even if I come during dinner hours, its for breakfast. Haha. K so here is whats good: pancakes (or wonderful little pancakes as the hubby calls them), eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, french toast, hash browns and believe it or not, their strawberry crepes. I loves these crepes! I am soooo happy they have a meal (incredible VIB) now where you can pick pretty much anything you want for breakfast and can mix and match. The only thing that sucks about this that you cant order double of an item unless you add on a 5th item. Kinda dumb but I have been told that this is the way their system works. So our friend met us there one time and wanted to get 3 servings of french toast and then a serving of bacon. The waiter told him he would need to add 3 more differing items to his order in order to triple the french toast like he wanted. WTF? Anyways, this is a simple place to go for your basic breakfast at a cheap price. They also have great apple pie. Make sure to come for free pie Wednesdays!!!
4	A good place for a filling breakfast with plenty of offerings at a fair price. The staff is usually very pleasant and efficient. We have eaten here several times and will return.
3	Went here for coffee and a piece of pie after doing dome Black Friday shopping. Being that I am a big time fan of sweet deserts, I was looking forward to sampling some of their pie. I opted for the Oreo pie and my dining partners had the French Silk and the Carmel Pecan Silk Supreme. I decided to forgo the al a mode option because I a normally don't get ice cream when having cream style pies.Overall the pie was just average. To be honest and this may sound harsh, but I liked the flavor and texture form Oreo cheesecake I have ordered from a popular fast food restaurant more than the cake I ate at Village Inn. The crust looked and almost tasted like the outer portion of an Oreo cookie, but was really dry and not quite there in the flavor department. The taste of the rest of the pie was just OK. The temperature was just about right and serving size was on par with most places I order pie from. On a good note, the coffee was very flavorful for a place that doesn't specialize in coffee and the waiter was kind enough to give us some of the flavored cremes.Speaking of service, this was easily the best part of my encounter here. The waiter was really cool and explained all the different types of pies they serve. One of my dining partners wanted his pie without the pecans and the waiter made sure he received his pie per this request. He was very friendly and left us an entire jug of coffee so we always had our cups full. He came by a few times to check on us and provided excellent service. We were also greeted by the manager when we arrived and he also gave his regards as we were leaving. The girl as the cashier desk was also very kind and cordial.The people I ate with enjoyed their pie and noted the great service too. I give the service 5 stars and rate my pie average. Keep in mind I eat out over 150 times a year and usually have high expectations when someone has hyped a place for their desert. Maybe I am being too harsh but I call them as I see it. Not sure if I will get a chance to write a follow-up because I was visiting Arizona during the holiday and would probably not go back here again even if I was in town. Too many other places to try and if I don't get my socks knocked off on a first visit when traveling, I give preference to trying new places.
4	I'm in agreement with other Yelpers, a great place for a huge breakfast at a reasonable price. The 1/2 lb. chicken steak with eggs and pancakes was well worth the $9 or $10. Our waitress was a pro and seemed very pleasant. It was a packed early Saturday morning and our food did not take more than 20 minutes to come out.
5	Man, Village Inn... is the best.  Came here twice in the last two years (not from the area) and definitely made a point to come in on Wednesday for free pie, y'all!!  Seriously who can beat that.  Had the strawberry banana french toast once and then a dinner entree another and they were all sooo gooood omg.
4	Lots of options at good prices.  More creative menu offerings then, let's say, Denny's.  I also love the Wednesday free pie promotion.  I've had the Fresh Fruit & Chicken Salad and the Southwest Salad.  The salads were large and filling and the ingredients were fresh.  I've also had the tomato basil soup and it was all right but a little on the oily side.  Service is friendly and welcoming.
3	Good food. Decent price. The server could have been more attentive to our needs.
4	There are times when we are just sitting around the house and I get this intense craving for a good piece of pie. It doesn't take much convincing to my son and we are on our way the Village Inn. I prefer the lemon meringue and the key lime but I havene't tried one that I didn't like. They'll even give you a free piece of pie if you order any menu item on Wednesdays. So go sit down with a good friend and have some pie before you die.
5	Nice people...The food is okay, more importantly the staff is nice, friendly and helpful. It is the closest thing to a "neighborhood cafe" we have.
5	I used to be a big fan of Denny's until one day the hubby and I decided to try out Village Inn. Now, I'd much rather go to Village Inn over Denny's any day!  The menu has a lot of options and a lot of items that other places just don't have. I love their eggs benedicts and the fact that you can build your own breakfast from a variety of options. The food is very well priced and very good quality. My husband and I have a breakfast date there once a week. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	I hadn't been to this VI for a while but recently went back.  New management has really turned this place around.  I went in only expecting a mediocre meal and left surprised at how much we enjoyed our meal.  Had an omlet, pancakes and a piece of pie.  I normally wouldn't give a place like this 4 stars but I was honestly impressed with the food.
1	For the privilege of sitting next to the kitchen I was treated to a mediocre meal that balanced lukewarm French toast with overcooked eggs. I would have mentioned it to my server, but I feared the sweat dripping from his brow would land in my plate had he stood still long enough to actually listen to me. The entire restaurant is in need of a good scrubbing (think walls and table sides/edges) so that patrons are not forced to share space with the remnants of past meals. Overall, thumbs down.
2	We come here quite often on saturday mornings. The food is good and the servers are always friendly and fast. My only real complaint is there is always 10 families/couples waiting for a table and there are 20 open tables..... its the weekend,  plan on having a few more servers working so customers don't have to wait.
5	After a few hit and miss attempts on our last couple of visits we are back yet again! Simply because of one man.... Michael! One of the best managers I have ever met! He has made sure that past mistakes are corrected! We walked in tonight and found the perfect server for us and has even come to check on us frequently! He is very attentive as to his customers and is more than willing to correct any mistakes the moment they are brought to his attention. He knows how to make customers feel welcome and valued. His ability to adapt and interact well with his customers is what keeps me coming back!!!
