3	located just off mill, in a mostly outside patio style bar, this place is pretty big and draws a decent-sized crowd on weekends - there may be a line if you go around 10 or 11, but i've found it goes pretty quick.inside it's top 40s and a large dance area. or if you want to be around the action, but not bumping and grinding there are lots of tables on both the front and back patios. during prime times the bar can be a hassle, even though they have three.prices are decent, and they have food that is traditional bar faire. they have pretty good drink specials during the week. i think i went in randomly on a tuesday night to get a meal with the roomie. we found out it was $3 shots and $2 drafts of whatever you want - literally- and we ended up way too drunk on jaeger bombs and bass for a tuesday night.be warned - the front patio is slants severely, so sitting out there (especially after a few drinks) makes me dizzy.
4	I've only come here during the week to relax and have a few late night brews.  Good crowd, friendly attentive wait staff.  Looks I may want to avoid it should I find myself here on a weekend?
4	I work downtown and frequent The Tavern quite often for lunch.  They've recently expanded their food choices and I've tried a LOT from their menu and really have yet to disagree with anything I've eaten there.  All the food I've had is very good, which is why I return over and over again.The employees are friendly and always more than willing to have a conversation.  The Tavern has a very cool local feel to it and there's a lot of regulars that consistently return.On the weekends the line does get long but it's a great place to sit on the patio, and if you smoke (which I don't however) there's the back patio where you can still do that.
3	The Mill Avenue hidden gem is a hit with college students Thursday through Saturday where you're sure to see a large line to get in after 10 p.m. A DJ spins rock and hip hop jams while twentysomethings can be found bumpin' and grindin' on the dance floor. The Tavern also boasts two patios so those who are looking for a more mellow atmosphere. The highlight? The Tavern is one of a few bars in the Valley with a SoCo Lime machine , ensuring that you will get a kick ass premixed SoCo Lime shot.
5	One of the reasons to live in Arizona is to be able to go to patio bars practically year round.  If you are looking for a great patio bar go to the Tavern.  I love to day drink at the Tavern.
3	The Tavern is acceptable, but it's a hop and a skip from Rula Bula, where I can get a boxty with my Guinness, or Cafe Boa where I can drink from one of those goofy Stella goblets with my pinky extended.  I come here with friends really.  This is not "my  place."  They do however have these awesome aluminum shelves that rest just above the urinals which I'm sure would be a delightful place to snort your coke from.  I'll give it a star just for that! One time, a friend of mine decided that for her birthday she would moon everyone who came to hang out with her.  She wasn't kicked out, so hey, that has to be worth something right?
3	The Tavern is typically the place that i would want to see DIAF, but in this case, its dankness kind of works.  Granted, I treat this place like the "Titty Twister" in From Dusk Til Dawn, and bail before sundown so as not to get devoured by the ASU dweebs or the kickball bufties lest I become part of their Lost Boys Chav Cru.  However, they have a pretty dope patio (because more and more, its about the smoking than the drinking, *sigh*), on point servers, modestly priced beer, and good tellies.Also, for a place that seems like would serve muledick in a tortilla and try to pass it off as beef brisket, they have a surprisingly tasty menu.
3	Scene: Who? Best friend and I -starvingWhat? Walking around Tempe for the first time since her recent move to Arizona and my first walk through Tempe-starvingWhere? Mill ave -starvingWhen? Sunday, mothers day (our mothers are in Michigan..)-starvingWhy? I just got done with a hike and morning yoga and the nutrients of my am apple had warn off- STARVINGWe came across The Tavern On Mill and thought it looked like an easy spot where we could both find something delicious.  I was kind of craving more of a brunch and was excited to see that breakfast was on the menu!  Sadly, it was 12:15 and breakfast stopped being served 15 minutes ago (what no more eggs in the back?).  They did have a breakfast buffet (aren't we at a bar?) but I was not ready to adventure inside to the mystery foods in tin pans.  We started with chips and chili queso which was very sub par and resembled something you could find down isle 9 with the other jars of cheese whiz.I.   settled for a grilled buffalo chicken salad and my favorite pal went with the ma hi wrap.  We both loved our meal and the service was awesome!   I loved the waitress and loved the patio.  Seemed like a great spot to have a beer and relax but I think I will try other places before returning right away.
4	So the Tavern isn't "my place", but I am giving it four stars for the following:1) The patio 2) Our server - it was the best service I've ever received at a bar, hands down3) They have Leinenkugels on tap!I really enjoyed myself while I was there.  It's not my favorite bar on Mill, but it's a decent place to meet up with people and have a chill few hours - at least on the patio.
5	what a cool bar!!!  Even if you are not a smoker, you have to enjoy your drinks on their patio at the back of the bar.  Its so romantic with the vines, trees and lights!   Not to worry because if you pick the corner tables, nobody is blowing smoke in your face!  The appetizers are de-licious (my faves are the Southwest Chipotle Rolls and Onions Rings) and they have the most amazing Long Island Ice Tea.  Its very smooth - not strong at all.  Don't forget to try their Sex Wax drink - Unbelievable!
4	This is probably one of my favorite Tempe bars to go to, and I like it for a variety of reasons.  First off, I have yet to have a terrible server here, and even when the place has been packed it's a rarity that my beer reaches empty before they come around asking me and the table if they need anything else.  Secondly, the food here is pretty good as well.  Great apps, solid "Mexican" offerings, and I always love a bar that has breakfast.  I've ridden my bike here on a Sunday morning to enjoy their breakfast burrito and I have not been disappointed.The crowd here is always a variety from all walks of life, which I truly enjoy.  Their front patio is great since you get some great people watching opportunities, but you can't smoke there.  For the smokers, the back patio is a great option.  Very big and open and full of people hanging out enjoying the outdoors.They have different specials each night, and the beer and a shot option for just $5 is a great way to kick the night off with a bang.  They also have plenty of TVs to watch the game, clean bathrooms, surprisingly nice "bouncer"/ID checkers, and plenty of beer options to keep even the biggest of beer snobs happy.  My advice to you is to drink away at the Tavern.  You won't be disappointed.
3	We took my brother-in-law who was visiting to Mill Avenue on 4th of July and ended up the Tavern on Mill since we thought it would be more fun for him, compared to some other places on Mill. There was no cover and only waited about two minutes in a small line to get in a little before 10 pm.We wanted some bar food but unfortunately the kitchen closes at 10 and since we only arrived a few minutes before that, we were out of luck. The bartender was really nice though and did bring us out chips and salsa, which was sweet. Apparently you can go to the sub shop across the way and bring back food if you are really hungry. We started out sitting on the back patio which got pretty crowded by midnight and I almost had to fight some people who wanted to take my husband's chair while he was at the bar getting more drinks. We moved inside later in the evening to the dance floor which is a pretty decent size, but in an awkward spot because it's literally right when you walk in. The music was rap/hip hop which suited us just fine. The Tavern on Mill gets 3 stars alone just because it is people watching heaven. I've never seen so much Ed Hardy and/or Ed Hardy knockoffs in one spot and seeing all of the guys that evening make me very glad that a) I am not single and b) I am not in college anymore. We witnessed a fight inside on the dance floor between two trashy chicks which was sweet.Overall, an OK place, but not our first, second, or even fourth choice of places to hit up when we want a night out on Mill.
4	You can find me here on SundaysThis is one the best bars in the area for Sunday Football. Once Sunday hits I just want to sit back, enjoy a couple beers, and a couple good games. Well, this is the perfect spot for all of these. Sunday is a special day for all those people that want to get out and enjoy some good food and drinks, and hopefully some good games. The Tavern does an awesome Sunday Brunch. You can come down, enjoy the company of fans from different teams, enjoy a full out feast, buffet style, with everything.Along with all of the delicious food laid out, there is a open bloody mary bar. Ya I know, me too. Perfect for anyone who loves to make their own they way they want it. Just ask the bartender for your favorite vodka, (Absolut Peppar, its really spicy!) and make your way to the table with everything from tomato juice to celery salt. There food normally is really good, and they always have great specials during the week, just make sure to ask. Tuesday: $2 mexican beers, and beer and a taco for $5Wednesday(best one) Two-for: Any choice of beer, with any choice of shot for $5!!Recommend stopping in during the weekday nights or the weekend days if you want to enjoy yourself without too many people, otherwise, Friday and Saturday nights are a great night to go out and dance.BTW, their house wine is Jagermiester
4	The Tavern is one of the few places on Mill that's just as good during the day as it is at night. During the day, they have some good grub- I've enjoyed eating lunch there many times (grilled chicken sandwich... nom nom). The service is great and the managers have even come over to the table to say hi. At night (or before an ASU football game), The Tavern is a great place to party. They have patios so you can be outside and the tunes are playing which usually gets a nice group going on the dance floor.
4	The Tavern on Mill is my kind of low rent.  We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon, as this midwesterner was looking for a place to watch an obscure basketball game.  You could still smell the stale beer from the night before and the staff was doing what looked like their yearly cleaning job.  Fortunately I don't get squeemish when I ponder such things.The staff was helpful - they found the game I wanted and turned the TV right in front of us right to it.  The food we ordered was standard bar fare, but on the 'done right' end of that sort of thing. Decent beer selection, nice sunday specials (bloody marys and mimosas) I could see nursing a hangover here.Now I will concede that I'm an old man and I'm sure this place is lousy with college kids on a Saturday night which could drop a star from this review faster than you can say body glitter.  But what it does it does well, which should be the goal of any bar.
4	I can't hate on The Tavern.  Even though I'm not a huge fan of Mill Ave and I'm even less of a fan of ASU kid-infested bars, somehow the Tavern has quickly become my go-to March Madness bar over the last week.It's got over 40 TVs, the majority of which are all HI-def flat screens, and every sports package you could ask for, which kicks ass.What makes The Tavern better than any other sports bar with similar characteristics? The food!!!Believe it or not, The Tavern's food doesn't make me want to puke, which is a definite plus!! They serve some of the best damn chicken fingers in the valley (extra crispy,) their mozzarella sticks are cheesy and delicious as is their buffalo chicken wrap. In the business of full disclosure, I went there with my boss last week and he absolutely detested his veggie burger, so I'd suggest staying clear of that.  I should also mention that he is the most difficult person to please when it comes to food but that is another story for another day...I love that they turn their crappy music off for games, something I wish more sports bars in the valley would do, so we can actually hear the commentators.I also love their big, spacious patio which enabled me to try and even out my ridiculous looking tan lines yesterday, while not missing a play of the game! And no, I am not evened out, now my back is even MORE sunburned if you can believe that! But again, not The Tavern's fault...I have never been there at night to party with my whole aversion to the ASU kids thing, and yes, their drink specials could be a bit lower, but The Tavern is pretty top notch for game-viewing, beer-drinking, and relaxing on a Sunday afternoon...
2	I would rather have my hand slammed in a van door than have to go back to this place again.  I have lived in Tempe for years and just never made it into The Tavern on Mill, but today I made a special effort to give this place a shot, but I should have just gone to Rula Bula instead.  I ducked into the Tavern in the late afternoon, only to encounter a total lack of hospitality.  Two waitresses greeted me at separate points in the first few minutes I was there, both with questions that might as well have been, "What are you doing here?"  Both times I was slightly taken aback, and I replied sheepishly that I was there for lunch, as I felt like I had done something wrong by even walking through the door.  The waitress who was my actual server seemed to distain me for some unknown reason, and I felt that I needed to work to win her over and demonstrate to her that I was a good customer.  Then I realized that since I was the customer, wasn't she supposed to try to win me over by making me feel somewhat comfortable in this establishment.  Anyway, the bad/indifferent attitude of the wait staff conflicts with the mellow surfer decor of the bar.I ordered a burrito, enchilada style, only to be told that they still had to make the enchilada sauce, and that I could queso sauce instead.  Not that big of deal.  Considering that I went on a Monday, which is happy hour all day, I initially was planning on having a couple of cheap beers, but when I was near the end of eating, the check was put in front of me, signaling that my meal was over.  I would only go back to this place if a friend dragged me there.
4	i had to take a crazy nursing class on mill ave two weekends in a row...i came, i saw, i wandered...i was somewhat disappointed...until i got to the tavern.  i was so impressed i came back two days in a row.HOWEVER, wtf dude at the door?!  i was srsly INTERROGATED by this guy!  apparently i look nothing like my pic on my drivers license...i know, i know...i look like i'm still 16...but SRSLY?!  he asked my full name, date of birth and how old i was gonna be on my next birthday...then he carded my classmates who are in their 40s!!!  *sigh* apparently SOMEONE has trust issues...anyway, day one, shared the appetizer sampler, which was tasty...the spinach artichoke dip was AWESOME.  day two, had the veggie wrap...super greasy, super cheesy, super packed with delicious veg...overall, super FREAKIN tasty!  wasn't too expensive, plus it's a great place to ppl watch if you sit on their patio.  got to see some srsly "cool kids"...yeah, it's hot to wear your pants around your knees, have holes in your ears big enuf to shove golf balls thru, ride your bike like a RETARD who tries to mow down pedestrians and...oh...yeah, be in your twenties and hang out with 14 year olds...yup...i'd do ya.
1	What a grimy little corner of Mill. I was with a dinner party of graduates and we were dressed formally...whoever chose to come here after Rula Bula must not have anticipated the constant stream of questioners grunting, "hey, why you dressed like that? wedding?"The topper was being offered a shot by a group of 18-year-old boys to help them out. Sorry, I'll stay here with my husband and soberly contemplate the awful logo and--what's that there?--a pole with exposed nails fallen off from a wooden bench. If you dare come here, be sure your tetanus is up to date.
5	I literally would've married the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I just ate...f'ing perfection!Hot, spicy, delicious bar food + free wifi = FAN FOR LIFE
4	When Georgie S. suggested the Tavern for lunch I was pretty skeptical. Bar food? Hmmm... I was impressed immediately when we walked in, the place was packed. All these people must come here for a reason right? Much to my delight it was Taco Tuesday! That's right, any taco on the menu for 2 bucks. I ordered the mahi mahi and the carnitas. They were both excellent; the carnitas had a nice smoky flavor. I left lunch 7 bucks lighter (cheap cheap)! I'm not usually a fan of sport bars but I will definitely be back for lunch.
4	Tour de Light Rail Pub Crawl, stop 1: I began the Tour de Light Rail pub crawl at this spot. I have been here before and had some good times, so I felt good starting here. I arrived, met the guy at the table and exchanged my $20 for the requisite t-shirt.  The bar was offering $3 domestic beers and $2 pirate rum drinks. I started with a pirate rum & coke. The bartender made a very good drink and the shirt allowed me to get up to the front of the line. The club started filling up, mostly in the back; up front was sparse and the front patio was empty. After 3 rum & cokes and a beer I decided it wouldn't be much of a crawl if I stayed in one spot. Plus the Tavern specials were all night long, where other places had specific hours. Time to move on to another location and take advantage of the deals. Later in the night, I wrapped up my Light Rail journey by coming back to the Tavern and having another domestic beer. The bar was packed then - the back room, the front room, back patio and front patio.
2	There is nothing I hate more than a snobby waitress who is inattentive in an EMPTY restaurant. There is no reason for this. I've been a waitress before, I know how it works.. you make around $3 an hour which means your living is made from your tips. Your job is to help me, and not be pissed off about it. So to the waitress in the tavern with the pink eye shadow, you should probably find a new job if you are going to continue on the path you are on. You were a bitch. (yeah I said it)Anyway, I had the Club wrap.. it was whatever, not great but not shit, and I hated that it was served with tortilla chips instead of fries. I suppose I could have specified what I really wanted, or sent them back, but I had no idea I would get chips, of all things and anyway pink eyes would have probably thought this the biggest burden in the whole world.Luckily, for them, I will probably go back. Its conveniently located near my office and everyone else seems to think its pretty great. You will have your chance to redeem yourself Tavern on Mill, but please don't disappoint.
3	Taco Tuesday was not made for me...they should try real tacos before naming theirs tacos. The deep fried cheesecake burrito is a mix of bland flavours, that won't satisfy your search for an original dessert.Anyway, the good deal is the beer price and their patio. Tuesdays are also empty, so you can even get good attention. The unexpected? they have board games and even WII. "Still looking real tacos in Phx area".
1	Geesh...was waiting at the bar today with a twenty in hand ready to buy a beer behind a guy and the snotty bartender chick took care of him...ignored me, took care of another guy and then turned and headed to the outdoor bar to check on her customers out there, finally came back in 4 minutes 12 seconds later and then had to wait on me - i was the only one who needed a drink...she got my water and bottle of beer and then tossed the change on the bar without a word. I left her a dollar (half of what she would have gotten) cuz I didn't have a penny handy. Service on the patio was awful too except if you count the security guy trying to wrestle my almost-empty water glass from me.I was a server all through HS and College and know what great marginal and su**y service is...and this was su**y to the max.Friends joined me and we ordered nachos...four plates for the five of us, no setups.stay away unless you want to deal with really bad service, obnoxious security guys and marginal food
3	I don't know how anyone could argue with a happy hour that goes til 9 o'clock. The wings were amazing and it was very refreshing to have a big draft beer out on the front patio. I don't get out much during the week, but I did see that they have daily specials that include $4 kettle one drinks/shots on thursday.I only have one complaint that calls for the three star instead of a four:-the beers seemed like they could've been much colder. I feel like it's really important for glasses to be ice cold as well as the beer. The glasses weren't even chilled and the beer itself was almost room temperature. I would let this slide if they were really busy (as stocking them would be difficult) but they weren't even close to being slammed. I will definitely go back to Tavern, and I would recommend it as one stop of the Mill Ave experience...
4	I've never had a bad meal at the Tavern.  Drinks are fantastic too!  I also would like to point out the fact it is REAL easy to get to from the light rail.  I will suggest that you may want to think twice about coming here when an event is going in around Tempe Lake, or ASU.  The service simply can not keep up.  Outside of an event though this is a great place to try.
2	My first experience to Tavern on Mill included ASU co-eds in tube tops dancing to Kanye West, so when a friend suggested we go there to watch a football game and get some food, I was skeptical. I had no idea that on weekdays and during the day on weekends it is an actual restaurant. Anyway, the service started slow but we moved tables and things picked up. My friends all took advantage of a Wednesday night happy hour special that included a beer and a shot for $5. We all sampled various appetizer including the tater tots, cheese curls, chicken fingers, and nachos. Everything looked good, smelled good, but the taste was sub par, even for bar food.It was also hard to enjoy watching the football and basketball game there. The tvs are on but so is the music. The only upside was our bill. We were there for at least 2.5 hours and ordered lots of drinks and several appetizers, and yet our bill was VERY reasonable.Whether people are dancing on the tables or eating on them, either way I would rather not return to Tavern on Mill.
2	I figured there would be a bunch of college chicks drinking beer here. There was not. They had Left Hand Stout on draft which is alright. Where the hell were all of the college girls? I didn't get to creep any of them out!
2	You removed the illustrious Buffalo Chicken Wrap from your menu?? Was it something I said? Did I do something wrong? Do you just hate me??I went there for lunch a few weeks ago with Collin S. mouth salivating for my delicious Buffalo Chicken Wrap and what I found was a new menu. A menu rife with typos mind you. With one very important menu item missing. I felt like I was being simultaneously punked and sucker-punched. Damn you Tavern! It's a good thing your drinks are still cheap and you're right off the lightrail or we would've had some serious problems. Now put my damn sandwich back on the menu if you know what's good for you!!!
3	Went here on a guys get away weekend.This place was great. Lots of fun. Good music and a ton of beers on tap. I tried some import beers that I had never had before. Good size place. Great outside seating. The bartenders are great here, very quick with the drinks. Although it was a cold night and I asked the bartender to fix the heater and she never did. I didnot get any food. Now if they could just do something about the annoying girl who decided to sit next to us and tell her life story.
4	Usually a stop early in the night on Mill Avenue in TempeLove the street tacos .. Service is spot on most times depends how busy it is .. Go before 10 pm on weekends = calm bar ,sports or music videos. playing..After then they take the tables away inside and it is booty shakin with horny college kids with flipped up collars trying to score.Frequent vendor giva-ways with stuff you may not have tried before..
4	Okay,so I absolutely DESPISE Mill Ave and all it's trappings and frat boy mentality.If it weren't for taking part in the fabulous Brides of March event,I would be no where near Mill.After a stroll through the Aloha Festival at Tempe Town Lake,the Brides' first bar stop was The Tavern.The place was certainly roomy enough with a good amount of inside and outside seating options.I wasn't expecting much,and was very pleasantly surprised that even though we took the place by volume,the staff was very  friendly and well prepared.Our server was right there and extremely efficient with our drinks and food order.We had a big tasty plate of nachos that served 3 of us well.When I got the bill,I was expecting it to be a bit more but was pleasantly surprised and added some more to the tip.If I ever find myself back in the area,I would not hesitate to go back to The Tavern.
2	I used to hit the Tavern up pretty much every time I was on Mill, but looking back I'm not really sure why.  It's not terrible, don't get me wrong, it's just that for almost every purpose there is a better spot to go.  Patio, dance floor, strength of cocktails, and interesting people - within one mile you can find a place that will suit you better.  The thing that's nice about the Tavern is that it's generally less crowded than everything else along the ASU party corridor.  It's also located right off the light rail which is really convenient for jumping off and grabbing a quick drink.The back patio is cool, but gets PACKED so it can be tough to find a spot to sit and chill, and the front patio has so many smokers that you feel like you might as well just start smoking yourself and at least get a buzz on.Meh - go here if you have a big group of friends going but not worth it without good people.
3	If I had to recommend a Mill Ave staple, a must to try and visit at least once on a night out on Mill Ave, I would say the Tavern. It's interesting how this place has progressed from just another bar on the Mill circuit to one of the best spots. For me, there are only five places I'll go to on Mill and this is one of them. Usually it's the last stop on a night out since it's at the end of the Mill Ave strip and after doing the bar crawl and having a few drinks in your system this is place to drink some more and get your dance on. It has one of the larger dance floors among the bars on Mill, and with two large bars and lines outside and two patios this is a big enough place for alot of people. And what's not to love about this place that there's no cover, drinks are cheap, and the music is danceable, and it's Mill Ave so there's no real dress code. Btw, I was intro'd to the Tic Tac shot here at the Tavern, which I must say is the yummiest shot ever. So yay to college coeds, and fun times at the Tavern, a Mill Ave must!
3	Tater tots! And I get to take my doggie to the outdoor patio. And there are beer buckets. EEEE!
2	You can bring dogs, but not tank tops. Let me explain.  Five friends go to The Tavern On Mill.  One male friend is in a tank top.  Why not?  It's Mill, it's warm outside and he has nice arms.  Plus, it's Mill.  A bouncer comes up to us and explains that his tank violates the dress code, so I literally take off my top and give it to him.  There, he has sleeves.  Note, and just to be clear, I had a cami on underneath so I was not exposed.  The bouncer seemed highly amused and told us it was okay with him as long as my friend kept my shirt on.  Yay, success... or so we thought.  The bouncer at the door, having seen this whole episode, would still not let us in.  Note to bouncer: Your boss should fire your ass for being a Barney Fife douche.  We were obviously a fun group and our clothes swapping took some guts/ingenuity.  That should have been enough to make a small exception this time.  I mean, you let dogs in!  They shit on the floor for god's sake.  They hump your leg and bite people when intimidated, all things tank top wearing human beings do not do.  Also, this is Tempe (a college town) and your name is The Tavern.  A word that derives from the Latin  taberna  and the Greek taverna, whose original meaning was a shed  or workshop.  Give me a fucking break!  You're not a club, you're a casual bar.  I happened to mention to one of the bouncers that I never expected this sort of thing in Tempe and he told me to go back to Scottsdale!  What an asshole.  I was nice about it all and that comment was really unnecessary.  The only other time I've been to The Tavern On Mill was during a pub crawl and I only stayed long enough for one drink.  Too bad I will never be back because the bouncers are such jerks and I refuse to hang out at places that lack personality.  I mean, who would have guessed a place that hosted a graffiti pub crawl where people wrote things on each others shirts like "help me find my clitoris" would have such a strict dress code?   Minus one star for being assholes.  Two stars out of pity because I love dogs and because if the owner lets dogs in I am going to assume he is not as much of a jerk as his bouncers.
4	Good place to go for day drinking. The Tavern is hit or miss at night but, I always have a good time and when I make my way to Mill I always have to make a stop. Side note :Don't order draft beer here in the summer, the system goes through the roof and the beer is hot and nasty
3	A good place for a Mill Avenue bar.  I enjoy it more when there are games on, and it's a sports bar.  A ton of TV's hang on the wall, with plenty of options of what to watch.  It's been more than a year since I've eaten here, but I remember thinking the food was alright.But somewhere around 10pm, they make a transformation and the place becomes more of a club.  By that, I mean they forced everyone out of the tables, and clear the way for the "dance floor."  Once that happens, I'm reminded that I'm just getting too old for the Mill crowd.I went on Saturday night for a goodbye party for a friend.  I enjoyed my time at the Tavern.  If someone said they were hitting it up and I had nothing better to do, I'd go back with no complaints.  But I wouldn't have a need to head back to this bar.
3	Regular run of the mill place.  Sufficient enough for the co-eds that run this street.  Was surprised that they didn't offer any taco or enchilada dinners, everything was just a la carte.  Drink special were reasonable.  Staff courteous.  I have nothing against homeless people, but the parking lot is crawling with beggers.  If you aren't happy with your meal, feed them!
4	This is one of my favorite bars in Tempe, or rather, it's my favorite bar near Mill Avenue. The food here is tasty, the service has always been friendly, even the bouncers that garner so many complaints. The only people complaining about the bouncers are drunken frat boy types who can't hold their liquor and become beligerent. I've never been here on peak times, always on weekday nights or early on the weekends. Everyone I've taken there has had a great time, and they constantly do great food and drink specials. I perticularly love their Taco Tuesday, where you can select any taco for $2 and get $2 mexican beers. Much tastier and larger portions than Cien Agaves.
4	I have always found the tavern to be a good place to grab a cold one and share some conversation with your friends.  Recently they put together a bicycle bar crawl which I took part in, and had a great time.  They have all the sporting events, including UFC fights and all the NFL games.
4	Need some bar food, a hearty drink, good company & a terrific college atmosphere ? This place is for you.
3	Been here twice for happy hour during spring trainingg.  Good little spot off Mill.  Get the tater tots w/ cheese and bacon, its huge.
5	Another one of my favorite spots, this place is awesome for pregame with $3 Blue Moons and $4.50 well drinks -- which was a shock to me the first time I went (See my MacFadden's Review). Becomes a club scene late at night, but the music isn't bad and the crowd is pretty cool. This place almost always frequents large group/clubs so its always fun to see them make dance circles.
4	their wings are awesome!2 lbs gives you 4 choices of flavor...and it's enough wings to feed four! we didn't even finish them! they were packed with flavor and drenched in their sauces. finger licking good!  we had the hot and sticky habanero - which was more sweet than spicy.. kinda weird looking as it was green but good. we were recommended to try the joey style.. it was decent , more of a tangy flavor.. and at a wing place there's always something super hot.. so we tried their Thermo-Nuclear homemade sauce...it was hot! .. but apparently one of the guys I was with enters in these crazy hot wing eating competitions.. and he said it wasn't that hot.. go figure!..and last but not least we tried the honey bbq glaze.. that was my favorite. a bit sweet but oh sooooo good! if i'm ever in the area again I'll be stopping by.
2	happy hour 5-9p with 1/2 off apps and $1 off drinks, woop dee do. other daily specials but nothing groundbreaking. some of their wings are TERRIBLE. stay away from the hot and sticky habanero, its near vomit-inducing. other wings are mediocre at best. i felt bad giving my leftovers to a dirty starving bum kid.
3	For some reason this reminds me a bit of Dukes in Waikiki. Food is OK, not bad, not good either. Service is OK, not bad, not good. The best part about this place is that they don't have a cover and its easy to get into. Its good for a beer on a pub crawl or to sober up for a couple of hours b4 2am. One of my coworkers literally drops $100's here per week and I don't think hes ever gotten a free beer. I think that says something about the place.
4	The bar is so-so, but the entertainment on Monday night is awesome!  The Collin Freestone Band makes the bar worth going to!
4	We stop here a drink occasionally and usually sit outside under the misters, and away from the dance floor inside, but Fri was the 1st time Ive actually eaten here.I was pleasently surprised. I figured "bar food is always good", but my chicken fajita wrap was great.Throw in some smothered tots for extra deliciousness.
2	The food here is definitely a two and the bar at night is probably up to a three sometimes but usually a two.  I've never seen a good crowd of people in here and even with few customers service can be slow at times.  They do have some decent sized TV's to watch sports on and sometimes it seems to be majority female in here so it is worth popping in for one beer every now and then.
3	The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with cheap drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.
4	I loved this place when I was in college. Now as a young professional I love coming in here to watch football and have a couple beverages. One thing it is for sure a Chargers bar which gets interesting when I'm trying to watch my Giants but the food is awesome (Loaded Tater Tots) and at a good price. Give it a try if you are on Mill and don't want to do a dance club like myself. Make sure you bring your I.D. and even though I'm getting quite a few years away from 21 they examine it hardcore.
4	San Diego Chargers bar on Sundays.  Good wings, and other food in general.  Good bar to watch sports or UFC fights.
3	I went here today with my husband and a friend before watching the Ironman race...it was a great location.  Since it was a beautiful day it was perfect to sit out front and hang out.  We got a table right away and the waitress was nice.  The best part about this place is the DIY bloody mary bar!!  I didn't realize until we got our bill that the bloody marys were only $4/each...so worth it!  We had breakfast and we all felt that it was mediocre....nothing that I would crave again.  I would go back but maybe try their lunch menu instead of breakfast...
3	Tons of TV's & a good menu of bar food. We went here to watch a NW college football game and eat/drink before the Territorial Cup at ASU. The draft beer selection is just okay but there are a ton of TV's so you can get whatever game you want on a conveniently placed screen. As a California native I'm always a little weirded out by bars imitating a California beach bar outside of California, like Tavern on Mill, but at least this bar supports the Chargers. The crowd at the bar seemed full of tools & bro ho's but I'm not sure if that's the bar or if that's just the ASU football game crowd. The place was practically empty when we got there around 1 pm but completely full by 5:30 (7:30 ASU-AZ game). I had:- Spicy Caesar Salad: Decently fresh but rather small. The menu doesn't say it but the salad comes with a mini quesadilla which was a nice addition. I thought the dressing was yucky and would recommend just using some salsa instead.- Taco: I subbed black beans in for the meat and overall it was a good taco. Nothing special but not bad either. It comes with unremarkable chips,- Mozzarella Sticks: Normal mozzarella sticks with good marinara sauce. If you're looking for an app to share I would recommend the nachos instead.- Tater Tots: Love bars that have tater tots because they are never bad.
3	The smoke comes in from the patio from all the smokers. The food is pretty good, the beers are a bit over priced.
5	I been going to Tavern on Mill for 7 years now and whether it is for lunch, happy hour, or late night I always have a great time. Their cheap drinks are a huge plus, and I am a big fan of their burritos... get it wet!
5	Good food at a decent price. Cold beer. Hot girls working there. Friendly and helpful staff. Plenty of TV's to catch the game.I've been going there since about when it opened. From San Diego, but always make it a point to visit.Try the Mac and Cheese or the peanut butter and bacon burger. Awesome.
3	The bars on Mill Ave remind me of Pacific Beach (PB) in San Diego... obnoxious college-aged drunkards, scantily dressed females, and lack of common decency. While I only stopped in for my green beer on St. Patty's Day, I am basing this review on the 15 minutes while I was there. Of course, it was crazy and crowded. This establishment is actually pretty big with an outdoor patio in the front and the back. My friends and I stopped by the bar first. I wanted to feel young again so I made my friends take shots with me then chase it down with our green beers. It was nice knowing that I could get drunk and not have to worry about getting back to the hotel safely. We were taking the light rail, after all.So after we take our shots, we take our beers to the back patio. As I was walking over there, of course some guy backs up into me and spills my green beer all over me. He was pretty apologetic and I'm not one to make a hissy fit about things so I told him it was okay. His friend even offered to buy me another beer. It wasn't green though which kinda bummed me out. The Tavern is a cool, casual bar. It might even be the same Tavern that's on Garnet in PB. Kinda looks like they have the same logo. Just know you'll be hanging out around college kids.
4	Had the bacon burger and it was huge and  very good. The fries were good to with the cheese on them. The waitress was very prompt. This burger seemed to tower above all else. Another person next to us ordered a burger and he had to smash it down to try to get it in his mouth. There burgers are very, very good. Just the presentation scares you.
3	It's a Bar.  Technically that should sum it up, but because that may mean different things to different people, I will elaborate. There is nothing stellar about The Tavern, but it's nice.  It's the sort of place you end up at, but you don't necessarily regret.  I've never eaten the food here, so I can't comment on that, but It's not a destination for food in my opinion.  It's a college bar, but a bit more upscale.  It's not a trashy dive.  They have a nice large outdoor patio area as well as the bar and dancefloor area.
5	I always have a great time when I'm here! The staff is incredible and the food is Amazing! Best chicken wings in Tempe indeed
2	I was at this bar and grill with my friend 4/28/12 afternoon.  I got the $11.50 Bamburger with fries and shared a $9 1 pound honey BBQ wings with my friend. The Burger is massive, it was hot and fresh. But it was not juicy, a bit dry in my opinion. The Wings are okay but not great. Maybe because it's honey BBQ. Next time i will try the spicy BBQ wings. So i used a 20% off entertainment coupon at checkout. left a $5 tip. The Two bouncers i seen walking around the bar did not look like a typical bouncer. One looked like a Jamaican high on weed and the other looked like a taller version of Shaggy from Scooby doo show.A few days later i checked my account and found out that my card was overcharged by $3.20. then on Tuesday i checked again and it was down from $3.20 to $1 overcharged. I called this bar and grill and talked to a manager. He refunded my $1.  If you use your card at this business, check your account to make sure they don't overcharge you. Use cash instead. Maybe the servers are giving themselves a larger tip and betting that you will not check your account to see the overcharge.If i did go back to this bar & grill i would only bring cash to avoid being overcharged again.
5	DJ face us attentive service even during a busy bar night, UFC, our large group of 18, and other big groups. I won't expect good service in a bar like this on a night like this, but THANK YOU!
3	The drinks and the service at Tavern were just fine.  They had a decent drink special.  But I couldn't really stay too long because it was so freakin hot in there.  We stayed for a little while and moved on to the next place.
1	Used to be one of my favorites. Now I'm consistently let down by the services. I avoid this bar at all costs now.
2	Stay away. Rude people.  They changed the game I was watching and no apology.  They were rude. I went down the street to the firehouse and was treated as a customer should be.  To the Tavern mgmt - customers have a choice.  Train your staff to treat people with respect!
3	With over 7,000 square feet of bar, restaurant, and patio space this is the ideal place for Monday night football or UFC on a Saturday.There are nearly three dozen TVS situated throughout the space, so wherever you are sitting you will have a good vantage point.There are misted patios in the front and back of the tavern.  A Full menu of bar food is available, including bar noshes such as the mini corn dogs, tater tots, nachos, and smoked BBQ ribs. You will also find wings, burgers, wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, and tacos.  On the weekends you can enjoy a full breakfast there ranging from build your own omelettes to breakfast bowls of egg whites, spinach, avocado, mushrooms, and seasoned potatoes.There are at least a half dozen beers on tap ranging from mild IPA's to a milk stout.  Enjoy a 22oz. draft on Mondays for only $3.There are daily specials as well as a daily happy hour Mon-Thurs that goes 4-7, and Friday from 4p-8p.  1/2 off select appetizers and $3 wings.Basically, The Tavern is a good sports bar, offering all of the bar food and beer a sports fan can love - I was impressed by how friendly and fast the service was, despite being there on a Monday Night Football day.
4	Great Sunday morning service and lots of tv's in this Chargers fan fave bar. Clean, friendly, and great bar specials. Breakfast flatbread to die for.. Do not miss this. Everything on the menu was actually very tasty except for the chicken fried chicken. Sorry. I would come back for sure, and hey... It will be sooner rather than later. Yummy food, great service, good bar specials, and clean!!!
4	During a recent trip to Tempe where I joined friends at numerous bars at Mill Ave. over a fun-filled, party weekend where the beer was flowing like wine; this was the place I had the best time at! It was here where beautiful women instinctively flocked like the salmon of Capistrano unlike other bars on Mill. On Saturday night, the dance floor was "poppin' off" and the music was "pumpin' loudly!" You never can really trust the opinion of a bar from an out-of-towner who's only been once so take mine for what it's worth, but I will say I'll be sure to have a few drinks here next time I'm in town! Also, I left my debit card open at the bar and they day staff the next day was very courteous when I called them from a different state asking if they could properly shred and discard it for me. #BonusPoints
5	When your burger arrives with a giant steak knife pierced through it, you sorta know the kitchen is serious about its food or trying to me. The great bartender whose name escapes me now said this place changed their menu and is using better quality ingredients. I popped in to watch some of the MNF game and Cardinals fans were clearly lacking here as usual. Happy hour pricing was fair with 1/2 price craft beers and some appetizers were on special, but not the ones I desired. The prices are probably a few bucks overpriced, but I keep forgetting that Mill Ave is at fault with its high rents in a college town. So, I ordered the $10.50 Classic burger with grilled onions and american cheese and secret sauce. It was a solid burger, cooked well done on the first try and huge and no, I did not use the giant knife to cut my burger in half. I'm a purist in that regard, kind of like when I see somebody using a knife/fork to eat a slice of pizza - cringeworthy.   Forgot to mention the Onion rings - they are beer battered, crispy and a great choice as a side dish (see pic).
4	I love the Tavern. It's a fun beach bar in the middle of the desert. They have good drink specials and I love their chicken sandwich with tots. Yum! They never or rarely charge a cover. Been a fan for years!
2	If I had written this review prior to an incident in September it would easily be 4 stars.The bar tenders were awesome.  One night I was carrying around a largeish trophy (Why because I own one).  I put it on the bar to order beer and they asked me if I wanted a glass or if I wanted them to put it in the trophy.  Yes, yes I did (although they did have to pour the drink into the glass first cause the trophy was to big to properly fit under the tap).  This might not be a big deal to some, but since I've been kicked out of bars for drinking out of said trophy before and that was the first time I've ever had a bar tender be so cool about it.  Every time I've been hear the bar staff has rocked even when they are extremely busy.Food.  I think I've eaten here once, so I'm not going to comment on it.  However I have been here when they switch from neighborhood bar mode to dance bar mode.  If you are at a table still eating at that time they have no hesitation moving your table out of the way, if you're lucky they will tell you about it before hand.It's a good place for watching football/UFC/etc.  Could maybe use some more TV's.  Music is nothing outstanding, it's your typical dance/top 40's/etc that you would expect at any college dance bar.  Since the crowd often is college/recent grads, it fits the bar nicely.I don't normally include bouncers in my reviews, but after what I saw the last time I was there, it's affected my opinion of the place and is the reason the place is only getting 2 stars.  If you are kicking someone out and the are leaving peacefully, there is no reason to put your hands on him, other than maybe to keep him from falling over the place.  So when I see a bouncer aggressively pushing a guy who has thrown up his hands in surrender, and in the process the bouncer knocks over a girl who has done nothing wrong, that's just not cool.  Maybe it's just me but I would think someone who works for the bar should be picking her up off the ground instead of nearly trampling her to help the bouncer who put her there while throwing out someone who is giving them no resistence on his way out.
3	I have been to this place several times over years for late night drinks. Never been to this place for food though. One of our friends had a groupon to this place and it was expiring, so decided to go here for some food Finally. The groupon came with 6 beer sampler for 2 and an appetizer. The beers were ok, it's generally the ones they have on tap. I thu j she got chicken tenders, she says they were really dry & not so good. I liked one of their side sauces- sriracha garlic sauce! Outta the world. The friends we were with got the 20 wings I believe, they got it in different wing sauces! The one that stood out was PB&J (?). Check pics for pix of their food. That's right you havta try these 2 different sauces! The ambience and servers were good. The food was worth about 3 stars. The price was lil more expensive than regular sit down bar food.
4	Yummy bloody mary's, lots of tvs to watch sports, and waitresses for the boys to stare at, if you get my drift.  The food is decent but not amazing, and the space is big.  I'd go here again the next time i'm in town, but probably only to watch a game and have drinks.
4	SPRING TRAINING REVIEW:The Tavern on Mill has been very, very good to me.Early buzz? Very few bars/restaurants open early during Spring Training. Specifically 9am on weekends. UPDATE: 10:30am. WHOA!!!! Not cool...oh well. Open at 11am on weekdays. Breakfast served on weekends only.They offer patio seating outside with plenty of seating inside. A few umbrellas are available on the patio... if you have sun allergies. [removed joke about Sun Devil's]Music (MTV CLASSICS) is kinda cheesy, but it's ok. UPDATE: Today, I heard a set from the current decade.The Tavern has always provided friendly service...even cooking breakfast on a weekday for my needy girlfriend.
2	Off-putting during the day. We sat on the northern-most patio and there's something about the sunlight reflecting off of the tall glass building behind us that not only cast an odd glow on everything, but made the place seem really off-putting and annoying. The music was horrible, anything from Huey Lewis & some random song from 1992 that I never heard of to a Rihanna & Maroon 5 duo- it was all over the board and didn't make any sense - like maybe the theme was bottom 50 songs from the charts over the last 20 years, maybe (odder still, there were music videos in the background)?The food was ok, but a little strange, too. A burger w...bacon (yes), crazy mayo (sure!), avocado (heck yeah) and... mushrooms (why???) but no cheese...mmmmmmm, k? Meh food. Service was totally fine, although the poor girl kept tripping and I don't want to sound nuts, but I think it was because of the crazy reflection from the building next door that caused her to lose her balance. This place just seemed totally strange (like a mylar balloon stuck in the ceiling fan going around and around and around, 2.5 foot home made plywood boxes that I couldn't figure out the purpose of, sun-bleached fake plants on the patio, dumb music, some guy who was setting up the rear bar, while he chowed down on the same lunch I ordered, tripping waitress, sweet potato tots made of regular potatoes, small bugs floating through the air and landing on everything...)As I said, it was just off-putting, although I can't put my finger on it.
1	This review is about 2 months late, but just knowing that I kept this place in mind means something.  So,  let me start by saying "this place is horrible".  A group of friends and I went here before the Arizona/ASU basketball game.  Now, knowing that the 2 schools are rivals, you would think that it would be a big turn out.  Well,  it was.  Apparently, The Tavern didn't bother staffing for it.  The place was packed.  There were only a handful of servers.  Our server was in no hurry to help us.  Our friend waited over an hour for his food and he only got his food after telling the bartender.  Also, many drinks were dying while they sat at the bar, so we just walked up and grabbed ours.  When we asked for the check, it took her at least 20 minutes to drop it off and it was all wrong.  There was another tables food and drink on it.  We told our server and she "corrected it".  Except, she didn't.  It was still wrong.  So, we did it ourselves and left her the exact amount of what we owed.  I'm a server myself, so I know how things go.  Worst place ever.
4	One of the best Cobb salads I've had in quite awhile! A little pricey for lunch, but it was delicious. Love that they have honey mustard dressing too.
1	Great food, poor service! My coworker and I stopped by here for the first time quite by accident, and I purposely  will  not be in any hurry to return. The place was almost empty , I  thought we'd be in and out and treated with great service since there were very few customers, WRONG! Our waitress was more interested in socializing and sitting with the bar staff while eating her own lunch than waiting on our table. We did ask for a few minutes,which she must have translated into take your sweet time, we have all day. I asked what the special was a was answered with a vague rude response. ..The food I did order was really good but I only had the chance to eat a few warm bites before having to take it to go....which came with a to go box and a bad attitude  ... the good food does count,  but bad service sometimes is remembered  more!
4	Nice patio, off the main drag, not over crowded. Good beer selection.
4	Good wings and a hell of a margarita surprisingly.
2	This place is all right. They have an excellent set up for NFL football on Sundays during the season. TVs everywhere and a crowd that is mixed enough that everyone is rooting with someone (or against them). They do a breakfast buffet that is really good and pretty reasonable. They have a card program where you get stamps for consecutive weeks of attendance during the season. It was pretty cool the first time, the second time I had to argue with the manager for my final reward ($25 gift card) and he jipped me on $5. That left a bad taste in my mouth...Other than NFL Sundays the bar is just kind of tolerable. You must be able to handle the really young crowd getting sick and into fights. If you have any experience at bars you will probably find it annoying.
3	One of the few places on Mill I can tolerate anymore. The service is pretty quick at the bar, they don't gouge you as much as the other bars in the area, and it's usually full enough to feel lively while still allowing enough personal space to breathe.Not my first choice, but I don't mind stopping in for a few.
3	Not a bad spot, just not the greatest
5	Love this place for Sunday morning NFL breakfast. Thanks for bringing it back this year. Service here is phenomenal and the food was delicious. Loved the 'surfer special' with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and chocolate chip pancakes. Those pancakes are amazing. Our waitress was super attentive and helpful, and the bus service was extremely capable. Our entire party of 11 had a terrific time. Bloody Mary bar is every bit as good as it was last year, maybe better. And the mimosas are lovely too. Great vibe and excellent prices too. Thanks... see you again!!
1	There were many things that I could say about this "tavern" but the first word that comes to mind is disgusting. The food was beyond terrible and the service even worse... My boyfriend and I went to watch a football game and I couldn't believe the condition the "tavern" was in. Tables covered in food and beer the staff was doing nothing but standing around and flirting with other customers. We tried to get the attention of our so called waitress but she was too busy talking about her work-out plan. There was a HAIR IN MY BEER so we had it taken off our bill, closed our tab and left!!
4	I've gone here for a few years. I stop by even if it is not all that busy. Staff is generally nice and quick at the bar. Drinks are tasty and you can act like a fool on the dance floor if you want (I do). The place behind it (now a country bar) definitely overshadows this place. But hey, it is a cluster-f over there and if you want to just relax, chat, and have a few drinks without all the crazy loudnes then this is a good option. Plus, you get to have front-row seats watching all the drunks stumble out (sometimes that is me!).
4	Being a San Diego transplant, I was stoked to find a Charger bar in Tempe!  TVs everywhere, the sound on for the Bolts game, and a pretty good bloody mary bar.  I love a sports bar that has breakfast items too.
5	Cheap beer, plenty of space, live DJ, and every NFL game on separate screen on Sundays!Probably one of the more underrated bars on Mill (well, technically it's 30 yards off from Mill) and I don't understand how this place gets a smaller crowd than the testy Vintage or slimy Rooftop. But hey, I'd be kicking myself if this place started getting crowded and I had to wait in line for it! :D
4	So I've only been to this place once. My 21st Birthday was on a Tuesday so I figured I would want to go somewhere a little more laid back and had no intentions on bar hopping or anything like that. The enviornment was great, had a small band playing and the bartenders were super nice. Also they were out to get me wrecked! The bartender started me off with his own version of a Running Naked, which contained 8 shots worth of rum, triple sec, vodka, gin, raspberry liquor, and topped off with Blue Moon. So along with that, a double shot of Liquid Marijuana, a double shot of Patron Tequila, and 4 beers later, needless to say I was definitely hammered. Not obnoxious and the staff was always very friendly and celebratory! Made sure to leave a nice tip for the Bartender. Definitely need to visit again soon and see if I can bump this up to 5 stars!
3	Been noticing everything seems to be overly spicy. Had the Lettuce wraps and they were dull chicken bites that were overly spicy. Wasn't that good at all. The sports tv commercial were so loud it was hard to talk above them
4	Always love watching the fight at this place, good atmosphere. Can't give a food rating, didn't eat. But I sure hope they have good food now that it's under new management.
2	Cheap food and drink. Again, cheap food and drink, so don't expect much. Nachos come out too soggy and staff can be really slow and forgetful.
5	Sunday night in need of a beverage and a snackWaitress suggested pretzels.  Home run, warm and fantabulous with the cheese and mustard being wonderful as well.
5	Hidden spot in Old Town. Opens doors early so if you're on vacation, never fear of starting to have a drink early on the upstairs patio overlooking a fountain, a pathway, and Old Town. This is a place for people watching and catching some rays.
5	This place just changed owners. The new owners are younger and want to make it a better place to hangout.  You will see some cool changes coming! But some of the great stuff will stay.... Like Taco Tuesday..Any taco for $2.50.  Try the Shrimp Taco! It is fantastic!  They also have a great fish taco.  If you like bold and spicy, go for a buffalo chicken style taco with bleu cheese crumbles! You won't regret it. Grab a Modelo with these on Tuesday.  Oh, and did I mention..ITS ALL DAY!!! NOT JUST HAPPY HOUR!!!!Want a little comfort food on a Thursday..try the Grilled Cheese. I think it was like $3.00!Jamie is a great gal bartender.  Nathan has an easy ear to bend.  The front patio is very casual and nice. Out back on the patio I saw some folks playing 'cornhole'. I hate that name for bean bags, but I guess many people call it that.Sit at the bar and you will have plenty of TV's to look at...In fact it doesn't really matter where you sit... there is always a TV to see in this place.
5	The Tavern On Mill tucked away nicely into one of Mill's culd de sac's. It is one of the original bars that has been there for over nine years! Many of the places on mill can only dream about that. Many go in and out of business very quickly with draining popularity. I have only been to The Tavern On Mill a handful of times. First time I went it was with a friend for some Happy Hour and meals with the coupons we had! Got to try more than 8 beers and had great food to eat as well! The place offers many different beers on tap that any palate would like along with a myriad of drinks. I recently stopped in there with my girlfriend because we were across the street and was an easy place to go! Turns out I got to meet the owner who is an extremely nice guy; Steve. The place has an unbelievable happy hour that last a long time and is extremely extremely affordable especially for students. The music is great! Lots of rock, alternative, hip hop whatever. This is the best well rounded place on mill. A restaurant bar that can one can be at from the day hours to HH to partying all night. The food is absolutely tremendous. I had the chicken wings (buffalo). So much flavor, zest and just the right amount of spice! The mac n cheese is done with a white sauce white is perfect for a change and is the best mac n cheese I've ever had. I didn't even get it with the bacon, or chicken (which not many other places offer.) The wings are phenomenal. The sandwiches there are amazing as well. Haven't heard one bad thing about this place. The atmosphere is great! Friendly staff that is attentive and people of all ages are here enjoying their time. The new owners definitely know how to cater to Tempe and with more changes to come this will definitely be a top spot on Mill and the toughest contender for all the other bars! LOOKOUT! The young aspirations and ideas have done and will continue to do this place wonders! A 20/10.
4	Wednesday 2 banger is awsome
5	Great staff but the new owners have taken away ufc what the heck talk about losing business guess we have to take our business to El Hefe, all 20 of us.
5	Strolling on Mill one night, every restaurant seemed to have a wait. We stopped at The Tavern on Mill and quickly discovered the BEST bar food I've had in AZ!Most recently, we celebrated Easter Sunday here - it was a great decision that made us quickly forget about the ham dinner we could be having back home with our families.  A hipster college student quickly took our orders, which consisted of the Sunday Bloody Mary special.  We sipped these while enjoying a random mix of music videos on the televisions on the bar - everything from early 90s videos to the The Animals in the 60s.  The atmosphere is chill, both literally and figuratively.He ordered the breakfast burrito (they serve breakfast specials till 1!) with a side of one of their sweetest perks, the deep-fried tater tots.  I got a a salad with grilled chicken.  I know that sounds like a risky choice for a bar on a college campus, but the greens and fresh, chunky vegetables make this salad a contender against most places.  The servings here are HUGE, and we've never been disappointed by the taste.  The sandwiches here are great as well.  Price?  $10 range for a sandwich and a side. This might be a few dollars above the budget for a college student, but the portions could easily be shared.  And as far as value, the food is great.If I were a student at ASU looking to take someone on a first date, I would go here.  Because I definitely fell in love .....
3	Sad that it's closing/closed, hoping for a better new place to actually dance.
