5	I can just vision myself sitting on the beaches of Hawaii, enjoying the cool breeze and the sounds of the waves flowing in and out from the shoreline.  A clear blue sky as I lean back in my chair on the sand but then I open my eyes... and realize I'm still in Phoenix, enjoying a delicious and fresh Hawaiian infused taco from Island Loco.I've only been to Hawaii once in my life and it has been a long time since I had some really good Hawaiian food.  Then, Island Loco came and chef Jeff Chang brought the flavors that reminded me so much of my trip to Hawaii so many years ago.I treated myself to the fusion tacos.  Got one of each, the Kalua Pork with Lomi and the Teriyaki Chicken with Black Bean & Corn Salsa.  The tacos were a pretty good size and very appealing.  The meat just exploded with flavor and the salsa and lomi was very cool and refreshing.  Everything was infused really well and was just delicious "Kemika" ("Chemistry") in my mouth.If you ever get the chance, try Jeff's tacos.  They are delicious, fresh and full of flavor.  And there is a Secret Menu item coming soon for Social Media fans as well so be sure to follow them as well.
5	Was lucky enough to find out that Island Loco was going to be in Gilbert yesterday.  We had the kalua pork plate, chicken Teri plate and the Teri chicken sandwich.  Everything was perfect!  My husband is from Hawaii and really enjoyed the flavors.  Sometimes the kalua can be very salty but not this kalua!  Looking forward to trying the teri beef next time.  The owners are friendly and doing a great job.  Mahalo!
4	Very nice people and great food!
4	I'm a sucker for a good plate lunch so it doesn't take much for me to check out a place that serves Hawaiian food. When I found out this food truck was going to be near my house I knew what I was having for dinner. Yes, you can have plate lunch for dinner.If you don't know plate lunch is typically a serving of meat (teriyaki chicken, beef, etc.) a scoop or two of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. Some places have other types of salad but in my opinion mac salad is this only real option.I ordered the teriyaki chicken and boyfriend ordered the fusion tacos. Both entrees were $8 a piece. First of all the portion were huge. I swear I have never seen tacos this big. They were like burrito size. He described the teriyaki chicken taco as a mini chipotle burrito with teriyaki chicken as there was rice, beans and a kind of salsa in the taco. He liked the chicken better than the pork. In my plate lunch I got two large pieces of chicken, two scoops of rice and an oversized scoop of mac salad. The chicken was cooked well and had a good flavor but I would have liked more sauce on it. Maybe a little container on the side? The rice was good and the mac salad was tasty too. Not as good as Aloha Kitchen but better than most other places here in town.Overall I still rate Aloha Kitchen as my number one place in town for Hawaiian but Island Loco is now a close number two.
5	Super yummy food!! A must is the crab Rangoon!! The owners are way cool. You have to eat here!!!
4	Pretty good!  We tried some kalua pork tacos and malasadas at the Street Truck Festival.  The kalua pork tacos were pretty small, with more of a focus on the pulled pork rather than the taco as a whole.  The meat was moist, and had a nice flavor, although I do feel that Golden Hawaiian BBQ has better kalua pork.  The malasadas were the "Secret item" of the day (Show them their Secret Item picture from Twitter and you will get them in a little paper bag).  This was my first time trying them, and they reminded me a lot of Chinese-style doughnuts.  It had a nice sugary outer coating, with soft fried dough on the inside.  If they are in the area, I'd definitely like to try Island Loco for more Hawaiian style eats!
5	Fresh..Delicious & exceptional customer service! This food truck came to our community. First bite, I almost melted..the tacos I ordered were so goooood! The coleslaw was so fresh, crunchy and full of flavor! The meat was very tender and just all around yum! I hope they come by again!
5	best tacos i've ever had!!! also the best cole slaw ever sold at this food truck!  you have to try it!!
4	Heard that Island Loco was going to be at Four Peaks' Tasting Room in Tempe on the 3rd and the 5th, so I decided I'd take visiting family and Mom along for our first try of both businesses yesterday.  (I've never had IL's products, but the food truck's offerings looked and sounded great, and the reviews have been pretty positive from a few Yelp friends that I know and trust.)  For some reason, I was under the impression there would be authentic Hawaiian sweets on board, perhaps shave ice (nope) or malasadas (fryers were being repaired), so it was a disappointment not to find any.  However, the food that we had were delicious, if not almost worth the pain I had to suffer soon after consumption!  We quickly found theTasting Room via smartphone's Navigation, saw Island Loco's food truck parked in front, and parked at a nearby space (there are many).  After ordering our food, we went into the Tasting Room (food would be brought to us), which was just a room with tables and a bar counter that faced a window that looked into the brewery's warehouse.  FYI, tours of said warehouse ISN'T available at this location.  While FP food isn't available, the manager was able to provide us paper plates and extra napkins to use, since the food truck only supplies the to-go containers in which the foods are placed and sealed plastic utensils, salt and pepper packets, and single napkin.Between three adults and two children, we all were very satisfied with the three entrees ordered:Kalbi short ribs platter, $11-- short ribs marinated in traditional Kalbi sauce, two scoops of hot rice, and choice of side (Hawaiian mac 'n cheese).Fusion Sliders, three for $12 (or two for $9), choice of side and any combo of Kalua pork with lomi, Kalua pork with Asian slaw, and Chicken teriyaki with Asian slaw.  I chose one of each, plus more Hawaiian mac 'n cheese. Hawaiian burger with rice, fried egg (any style), and mac 'n cheese, with choice of brown gravy or another topping, which I've forgotten- sorry!Everyone loved the Kalbi ribs!  So much so, Mom asked me to order another one to-go.  I found the meat to be too fatty, so I just trimmed the non-chewable gristle and put them aside.  The flavor is exactly like Filipino pork BBQ (on a stick), so Filipino Yelpers will know exactly how these taste!  :)  The Hawaiian mac 'n cheese was light, yet flavorful, and the noodles were tender, but not mushy!  I enjoyed this side very much, although I did notice too late that the dressing had very skinny and short ribbons of carrots (allergy), so it's one of those "enjoy now, and pay later!" deals for me.  :(  Mom said the rice was excellent--  she asked me to try it, but then remembered that I had an allergy.  She said it was a pity, since the texture was very good!I asked Mom to see if the slider I was looking at was chicken (I try to avoid corn and anything that eats corn as much as possible), and she said it was pork, so after asking her again if it was chicken teriyaki, she said, "no, it's pork," I tried it.  Loved the texture, but it was definitely chicken.  I knew the slider next to this one was Kalua pork since I could spot it beneath the Asian slaw, but the other one had chunky lomi (Hawaiian-style pico de gallo) and I couldn't see what was underneath it.  (Obviously, I couldn't recall which slider came with the lomi topping, or I would not have to ask Mom to identify the meats...)  I can't recall if sister enjoyed the pork with lomi, but I think she finished the meat portion.  Everyone enjoyed the bites pork and the chicken we all passed around.  My only complaint was that the buns felt like pieces of paper on my tongue at times.  Y'know, as in when you sometimes take a bite of food wrapped in tissue and you get a chunk of paper stuck to the food?  So there I was, picking off what felt like paper on the tip of my tongue, and it's actually a piece of the bun- weird!  Otherwise, the buns had a mildly-sweet flavor to them and were tender.  They complemented the fillings well.  (However, I would wait until they chose another bun variety before ordering "slider" style again, because that paper texture was very annoying.)Niece had the fried egg and brown gravy-topped burger patty over rice and choice side of Hawaiian mac 'n cheese to herself, and while she liked it, she preferred the Kalbi short ribs much more.  This entree was basically a Loco Moco, but I think it was named so, because you could also choose Japanese curry topping.Bring cash if you don't want to be charged a card fee.  I think I was only charged one time, even though I had two transactions.
4	We finally got a chance to try Island Loco this past Saturday. Ordered kalua pork plate, teri chicken plate and malasadas. Kalua was not salty and perfectly seasoned and teri chicken was tender and moist. Most of all malasadas were to die for. Only complaint would be that not enough serving of sides. Wish they would give actual scoop of mac salad and lomi salad instead of in these tiny little containers.
5	One of my favorite food trucks!  The plate lunches i've had are the beef and chicken with white rice and macaroni salad and are delicious but if I see the saimin salad with chicken as their special, I grab it!  One of the best salads out there.  :)  I would highly recommend this food truck.  The people are super nice and the food is excellent.
4	Found the food truck for lunch while in downtown.   I had the kalua sliders with macaroni and both were great.  The kalua pig and the macaroni both tasted authentic which was good.  Spoke to the cook briefly and I have to say he was authentic Hawaiian also.  I was hoping to get some Malasadas but they werent selling any.  I would go back for dinner to try a mixed plate.
3	I'm giving them only 3 stars because of the long wait to get my food (20 minutes) and because the plate lunch was Meh.. I ordered the chicken teriyaki w rice and cole slaw plate lunch. $8.50. Chicken was over cooked and the pieces were so fatty, I probably threw away 1/2 of it.  Not sure if I'll try it again. (I went to this food truck at lunch on a Wednesday near the Capitol.)
5	Couldnt decide ending up going with the plate which included 3 meats and 2 sides, a huge portion of food and all of it was excellent. if i had to narrow it down to something smaller next time - would def go with the slaw, pork & chicken although the beef was excellent as well.I'm glad I found that little green truck on Jefferson yesterday
5	Love this truck! The pork slider is a no brainer. Great tasting, flavorful, yummy. Hubby had the combo beef, pork and chicken plate and he enjoyed it thoroughly.  I like that they keep their calendar up to date on their website so I can find them when desired. Definitely give them a try. The plates are huge and will feed you for several days - bonus!
