5	Anthony(manager)Steve(svc.mgr) great guys good service,good deals.
5	Wonderful service from the store manager Jason. Quick service :)
4	I take my car here because I trust them, get good estimates and price matching. I love the fact they garuntee their work and have a warranty. THe staff is very willing to answer any questions and work within your budget.
4	I was in a bit of a bind, on my way to a job location in California from Colorado and needed new tires. I was in a fleet vehicle, but out of a different district than my own, and had a hard time finding out who would pay the bill. They were all very patient and helpful and did all they could to track down who would pay for it so I didnt have to expense it... This was before the service took place. I was going to have to get the service regardless. The car rode great, and I had no issues. I even was able to walk to Sam's Town and lose some money (they offered to drop me off as well!). They completed the work sooner than they stated, and that is also a plus.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if it was available. I went  there for a basic oil change trying to use their coupon that is mailed to me. Now, take in mind i have come in here two times before with the same car and have never had a problem.  This time, i am told they will not honor the coupon because their computer shows my 99 Mercury Sable with 150k requires synthetic oil and i need to upgrade. Doesnt matter when i tell them i have reciepts from my last changes at THEIR shop and have never put synthetic in this car since new and it still runs fabulous. I even offered to pull the owners manual and show them it says nothing in it about requiring synthetic oil. They refused to listen and basically thru me out. This place is a joke and sucks horribly. Thank God for Tire Works down the street. Went in and they honored the coupon and had me in and out in 20 minutes.
1	Just an update. I called corporate in Florida and was immediately called back by a gentleman named Chuck. He was friendly and helpful but still backed the store by telling me my vehicle required synthetic oil. He did say they would honor the coupon and change with synthetic for the coupon price. Too late now. If they would have done that before the big blowout this all could have been avoided. I told him no thanks i am not interested in going back to that store even if it was free.
5	Although when I did go it was busy making me wait a long time , I think this place has wonderful employees. Customer service is great. Although some people have very lil patience , the guys don't let any of that get to them .
5	Ask for Jon, he's the bee's knees! My car always comes out purring like a kitten. Meow :)
