4	This is the first review from my first visit at the Newest Picazzo's in the West Valley.  Definitely cooking up good pies, and thank god because Grazie is not getting any better (see my review) over in Verrado. I ordered a Magherita and it was quite bland, but the Shrimp Scampi was a must for those of you who like to try new things.  Overall experience was as expected for a new place; although, the high school kids, aka servers can definitely get better with their Customer Service Skills.
1	By far, the worst pizza and lasagna I have ever eaten.The margherita pizza was completely devoid of flavor. The crust, tomato sauce, and cheese were absolutely tasteless. I have a strong suspicion that the cheese was processed. I've had far better frozen pizza.The lasagna was equally bad. It was worse than any airline food I've had.I think the pizzas are also very overpriced. Our small (10") pizza was $14.50. You can get an incredible pizza @ Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco for no more than $13.The most frustrating thing is that I found a $10 off coupon the next day.
3	My first visit to Picazzo's is not what I had hoped it would be at all.  A few of my friends who have fine taste in food raved about it and so I had high hopes.  Let me start by saying, I'm not really a gourmet pizza lover.  As a teacher, I have plenty of Domino's and Pizza Hut all the time, and can be quite happy with that, either that or I love a great slice of New York style pie.  Since I am not a huge fan of gourmet pizza and the overabundance of toppings, I checked the menu for a nice plate of delicious pasta.  I was incredibly unhappy to find that they had about 6 pastas and they all sounded bland and/or too strange to order.  Then, I found their sandwich section.  I decided on their Spicy Chicken sandwich that sounded perfect.  But it took awhile for our waitress to come over, so I glanced at the pizzas and found a couple that sounded good too.  Thank goodness I did, because as I ordered the sandwich, the waitress informed me that they only serve the sandwiches at lunchtime!  What?!  That really peeved me off.  What is irritating is on the menu there is a clear line between the section that says "Lunch Specials" and where it says "Sandwiches."  I mean, there is an actual black line drawn between the two...to me, that says that they aren't a part of lunch.  Don't you think?  Instead I ordered the Popeye and Olive Oyl pizza, which has a white garlic sauce, spinach, artichoke hearts, garlic, Kalamata olives, carmelized onions, mozarella, Roma tomatoes, and Applewood smoked bacon.  After I ordered it, I really thought how I truly didn't even want it.  I was really irritated.  My husband and I both ordered our own pizza since we couldn't agree on what we wanted, so he got The Vortex, which basically had all the meats you could possibly think of.  For an appetizer we ordered the garlic cheese bread, which was way too garlicy.  It came with olive oil for dipping...I would have preferred some marinara sauce or something.  After I had ate the bread, I really didn't want my pizza b/c of knowing that it had so much garlic.  I picked a lot of the garlic cloves off along with most of the other toppings...there was just too much on it.  I know for some, they would probably like that...but it just isn't my thing to have too much on my pizza.  All in all, the pizza was pretty good, once I picked off half of the toppings.  The crust was really tasty and had the perfect crispiness and softness to it.  I could have had just had that alone and been happy at that point.  My husband and I both agreed that it won't be a place we go to again, unless it is for lunch time, so I can try the sandwich my mouth had actually been watering for.
4	My mom and I love this place.  The pizza and salads are great.  The variety of toppings allow for plenty of ideas.  They even have "gluten free" crust!  The service has a few kinks, they seem to be still working things out with their staff.  However, the Manager is a really nice guy and seems very interested in excellent customer service.  I wanted an Iced Coffee, but of course, they did not have it on the menu.  The Manager quickly offered to make me one, even brewing a brand new pot.  It was excellent!  I will be back and I only hope they have managed to train their service staff to be awesome.  Little on the pricey side, but I don't mind paying if I get excellent, top notch service.
4	We were craving some good pizza so we hopped on yelp to find a place around us.  We called in our order and I went in and picked it up.  They looked crazy busy and I was glad we called the order in.  The pizza was amazing!  We both agreed that it was one of the best pizzas we have had in a long time.  We will be ordering from here again.
4	It's gourmet pizza people, they put it in the name of the restaurant.  If you don't like gourmet pizza, don't go to a place called "... Gourmet Pizza"We've been to this location a few of times.  The pizza is great.  We've opted for their special pizzas each time.  But most memorable has been the baked brie and roasted garlic appetizer.  If you like garlic and you haven't had a whole roasted garlic you need to try one.  The value for this place is ok it's not carry out after all.  The prices are about $15-$20 per adult at our table.  If I remember correctly our last visit was 4 adults and 2 toddlers.  One app + One large salad to share +a drink or two + a large pizza came out to 70 and we were well full.I also have to applaud a place for using their brains when applying policy.  They have a happy hour which is, by policy, for their small bar area at the high top tables.  We really wanted to sit at a table and watch a game on TV so they let us and ave us the happy hour prices there.  It seems like a no-brainer for an empty restaurant in this economy but the restaurant next door would not budge in the same situation, so kudos to Picazzo's staff for having basic business sense.
2	We went for a nice litter dinner. I knew it was a bit more expensive than other pizza joints, but I dont mind paying for great food. Well it was much less than that. We got a large (14 inch) peperoni for the kids and wife to split. We asked for a little extra sauce and it was almost like a white pizza without the flavor. The pizza was $22 for a 14 inch 1 tasteless top pizza. Really? I ordered a pasta dish that tasted like like it was freshly microwaved! It had very little taste. Even the sausage was bland. It came with a chincey little breadstick. It was like half the size of a normal bread stick. Just 1. The service was bad also. They were not busy at all. All of our cups were empty for at least 10 min before anyone asked if we need a refill. It was probably 20 minutes between waitress visits. The only reason they get 2 stars is because the desert was very good. My wife was pissed that the food was bland that she said they couldnt make a brownie sunday taste like the other food. She was right. It was a nice big portion and the kids loved it. Pizza, pasta dish, 4 soda's (2 kids) and a desert were $45 before tip. Lets just say there are many other places to eat for less money and a much better meal. For a gourmet pizza place in the west valley, this isnt even remotely close to Grimaldi's.
5	This place is SO GOOD! I cant eat gluten and was above and beyond shocked when they had gluten free pizza and pasta! And it was so delicious! Everything else there is organic too. Get the Nanas pizza and greek salad! My friend and I went there randomly and I am so hooked now!!
3	For some reason my experience was much more memorable at the one in Sedona. The pizza is good, the bar is tiny and the wine list isn't very deep.
2	Sadly, we had a bad experience that last time visiting Picazzo's.  I don't think we'll go back.  We ordered our favorites, but this time each dish was poorly made.
1	Sorry to say we went there for lunch and they have closed. The note on the door said they did not pay the rent so they have been locked out.  Well the one in Surprise is awesome so guess they get all my business
