1	I am Canadian newly immigrated to the US... so getting credit was difficult.  I put $3500 down and they sold me a car.  A couple weeks later, the GM calls me asks if he could take another look over the car.  When I got there, the GM appologized but told us the car had been in an accident and that I was over charged.  The GM wrote up a new contract and cut off a bunch of my amount owing.  I discovered that the battery in the car was too small for the car and that was replaced as well.  I also made them replace the bald tires that should not have passed inspection.  Being disatisfied with the car, I checked into buying a new car and using it as a trade it.... only to find out that the car was SALVAGE - completely written off in a car accident.  On my paperwork it stated "REBUILT TITLE" which I thought was done because they redid all of our paperwork.  So the car I bought for $8600 is now only worth $3000!  They were quite rude as I was in return.  GET A CAR FACTS FROM THEM BEFORE YOU BUY!  BEWARE!PS: AZTEC AUTO IS THE SAME COMPANY
1	SCAM!!! I purchased my very first vehicle febuary 4th from baja with great credit I put $2,500 down, A week later they called and asked me for another $500.00 down on top of my $360.00 monthly car payment. My warranty CLAIMED 90 days for power transmission repair only with a $100.00 deductible. However after 97 days my vehicle broke down, The radiator and top and lower hoses had to be replaced on top of a new moter .for the vehicle had not been inspected properly upon my purchase and the car had MANY issues with the Motor , Engine, and radiator. I have had this car for three months and have spent well over $2,500 to fix it and more to come. when the vehicle broke down the sales-team said to have it towed to their repair shop and told me I will have to put half down to repair it and they will include the rest in my monthly car payment. on top of all this I paid well over $13,000 for a 2003 LEMON that is blue booked at $7,000 The sales team has no idea about vehicles and there lease agreement is bull, its fine print and does not cover anything long tern, this company picks up lemons and fixes them temporarily to mark up the price and re sale. I m a young responsible lady who has always been on top of my bills, i have amazing credit and now im stuck with a broken down vehicle i just purchased. these people screwed me over for the next 3 years of my life. They should feel horrible for the Games they play and the scams they run just to benefit their income and make money they have no conscious or heart. I hope this company one day will get the karma they deserve. My father is a mechanic and has showed me how to maintain my vehicles while growing up, and i have never had to come across a problem with a vehicle one after another.
1	They don't even deserve a star, here's why, this is one of the worst places to buy a car. I bought a Jeep wrangler there and a month later the rear axle failed on the freeway, at about 65 MPH I could have been killed had the vehicle flipped over, it failed because the differential didn't have sufficient oil and starved the axle bearing the geniuses at Baja even went through the vehicle I even saw it on the lift, with the differential opened up, so I thought oh theses guys are on top of it, I was wrong, and I paid the price for my error  granted it was sold as is and there is no recourse for me.The Mechanics are idiots. I made real mistake setting foot on their property. They could care less about you the customer.I hope someone puts them out of business.I wish I had went to a real dealership, I wouldn't be in the mess I am in now. What ever you do don't Buy anything from them, this ranks as one of the biggest mistakes of my life going there, all because I thought it would be cool to drive a wrangler, well not so cool now.I wish I could find a way to sue them.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star. I bought a vehicle.from them two months ago and have already had issues with it. The main issue being the brake fluid leaking from the front passenger caliber. One day I noticed my brake pedal going all the way down to the floor and having to coast to a stop. I take the car into their service center and they want to charge me $100 to fix it. They should not have been able to sell me the car like this. They his behind their shit for worth 90 day warranty thatwarranty that only covers power train. I argued with the manager who was unwilling to help me as he just put everything on the service manager and said there was nothing he could do. I can understand wear and tear on brake pads but a leakage from the caliber that's a huge safety concern. NEVER but from this place even if u feel it's your last resort. The service.is horrible and the staff acts like young immature kids whose managers have no clue about customer service.
5	Reading previous reviews, I really don't understand how anyone could have a bad experience here. I came here recently after work to browse, because its close to where I live and their website showed several BMW and Mercedes models I was interested in.  The staff was super friendly and not pushy and annoying like at most dealerships. I never got the feeling I was being scammed or ripped off, and I put less than $5000 down on a 2010 BMW 328i with reasonable monthly payments. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good selection and a haggle-free experience.
1	I bought my car 4/5/2013 the night I drove home the check engine light turned on I went to back and forth to them 4 times and finally after the 5th time going in they fixed the problem about three months after just in time for the warranty to be up the light came on again long story short now a year later I need a new car because I am having to to major fixes to the car I put 4,000 down and I still owe 9,000  and the car Kelly blue books for 2,500 I got ripped I wouldn't recommend them to anybody that is looking for a reliable car  because you will be in the same position I am
1	Worst experience of the day looking at cars wanted to run my credit to test drive a car and I was paying cash what a bunch if crap and the salesman kept trying to have come aback another day to look at cars that were sitting in the lot but he didn't want to go get the keys don't go here to even look at a car.
1	Run for the hills with this place!!! BUYER BEWARE Everything you don't want from a used car lot, this place does. READ THIS POST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They do not do sales contracts by design and they will not tell you, they do lease contracts with a buyout in the end that does not cost extra to you and you don't even know the contract was drawn up that way, but the contract does not cover you at in the event stuff goes sour.They do this because they know they sell junk cars and because people have to pay to fix them and keep them running, they end up not meeting their contract and they take the car down payment and all. Like others said, they put absolutely ZERO gas in the cars to where I was afraid of running out of gas and the only gas station was next door next to some thugs looking at my new car..... I'm talking running on fumes Yea that was fun. You would think they are legit with the new signs building and shiny cars in front but its none of that... ITS GETS EVEN BETTER!!!!!!I paid half down and the other half will have been within 90 days. when I went to get it registered, the DMV said it was a salvage title! WTF!!!! so I drove right to them and demanded why they sold me a car they DID NOT TELL ME WAS A REBUILD TITLE CAR. They said it was in perfect condition and it looked and sounded the part.Keep in mind it was only 2 years old and looked perfect. I bought a car fax as soon as I found out it was a salvage title.  The records said the battery caught fire but it was contained within the trunk and the entire electrical was changed out. Did some more research and turns out any fire damage to any main part of the electrical in the car is an automatic rebuild and must be disclosed on the title.Ok that's fine and it was fixed and there was zero problems with he car but DUDE YOU CANT LIE AND BURY THE FACT IT WAS A REBUILD TITLE and not inform the customer unitl its !!!!The gangster GM said he disclosed it on the work order they issued to fix the bottom of the bumper's paint and under carriage and went to get it.Ok so I'm fuming at this point and he brought it up to me and it said SEE SIR the work order says  "Rebuild-Bottom Bumper"I said yea you guys have to rebuild the bottom bumper like I asked. He smiled and said no that says "rebuild then a - as in the titles a "rebuild." WTF!!!!!!! AM I DREAMING!!!!!I told the dude that's not what you guys were referring to and you said noting about a rebuild title. WFT!!!He said by law we only need to state "rebuild" on any of the documents we give you.. Yea that's how fu@##D these guys are.Needless to say I told him i don't want the flipping car and to give me my money back because they lied and I DO NOT WANT A REBUILT TITLE CAR.He said nope absolutely not and take us to court if you don't like it. I told him your dropping the price of the car by 2000.00 or I will have contact 13, channel 8, news 5, Glen Learner your mom, and who the else that will show how piss poor of a business you are and ill pay it off right now. Needless to say he said ok and I paid it off and I got rid of the car for what I put into it.Pont is these car lots prey on the uninformed and desperate and when I called their bluff they ran. Please do yourself a favor and do not do business with this scum lot.
