4	After staying in Edinburgh for four years I finally visited the area of Portobello. And after that initial visit I have always advised people to pay it a visit. Located on the coast, next door to its neighbour Leith, Portobello is home to Edinburgh's only beach. The beach is long, sandy (a rarity in some parts of Scotland) and is always busy when the sun comes out. On top of this, the buildings that hug the surrounding area around the beach can only be admired. Many are from the Victorian area and add to the beauty of the area. It seems an area where you can chill out and feel the sea breeze! On top of this, the high street which is set around the town hall has all the local shops you will need and has a good selection of bars, little cafes and restaurants. Portobello is quite a distance away from Edinburgh but Lothian buses provide a good range of services which stop every twenty minutes or so and take you up to the city centre. The area has defiantly improved over recent years and is certainly one of Edinburgh's best spots to visit.
4	Portobello is well worth a visit, especially in the Summer time, as in the Winter it can look a bit depressing. In the Summer I love cycling from the city centre, down past Arthurs seat, through Duddingston Village and into Portobello, the route is very picturesque and is also walkable as well and takes about an hour and a half to do it, if you walk at a leisurely pace. If you are feeling lazy however, as Matthew says, there are lots of buses that go from the city centre to Portobello.When the sun comes out, people from the centre of the city flock here and it has very much a traditional British seaside resort to the area with the beach front equipped with the standard amusement arcades, ice cream vans, fish and chip shops and pubs and bars.The beach itself is nice, but I would advise walking a bit to the south of Portobello as this part of the beach can get a bit dirty. In the centre of Portobello itself, there are loads of pubs and bars and you will be spoilt for choice on where to eat.
4	This sea side town just outside of Edinburgh (yes it is part of it but only of Greater Edinburgh) is a joy to visit. The houses are grand and the shops are small. The main attraction is obviously the beach and this is what my review is mostly about.The white sand area has several bars and amusement halls and is flanked by the promenade that runs from Joppa to Leith (ish). It mostly received blue flags (clean beach)The whole year round you can set foot here and there is a seasonal reason for visiting. In the Spring & Summer it is all about visiting the beach for a spot of sunbathing and a swim. Many people will have their children and dogs out. You can enjoy a picnic or even a BBQ on the beach. There will be events all over the beach - like volleyball, canoeing, jet skiing, windsurfing and kite sailing. Be aware that the beach will be packed! In the autumn it is mostly used for walks (with dogs), kites and runners (either beach or promenade) - the winter is for the foolhardy and campfires are not unheard of - especially during Hogmanay. Great fun in the winter as you will see many snowmen on the beach (when there is snow) - which makes for great pictures. The high street has many shops that are mostly independent retailers and delicatessen shops. There is a great community feel. It is a great addition to the wonderful city of Edinburgh and if you can visit.
4	I love a wee trip to Porty! Yep, its got a beach and that bracing sea air, but it also has the feel of a wee seaside town but with some cute cafes and restaurants, as well as little independent shops.I come down to meet friends in Malvarosa - a cute, authentic tapas bar on the High Street. On a sunny day, just squint and imagine you are on the Costas, supping a post beach treat of some tapas and wine. I also love Findlay's the butchers. Fab for gluten free meats and goodies, normally off limits. I make regular trips here for black pudding and haggis. All Findlay's black puds are now GF and they have some fab sausages available too. There are usually samples out if you have the munchies.Banana Republic is great for fruit and veg. Its very popular with locals, with all fruit and veggies out front so you can see what is available before you buy. Like all traditional towns, there are little sweet shops, full of all the treats you used to have in a 10p mixture.On a sunny day, the beach is fab. Hit it right, then grab a spot for some sunbathing in the sand. Leave it too late and you find it hard to get a spot and the winds get up about 3ish so it can be a tad cold. It's a man made beach so its lovely sand rather than shingle. Even on a cold day, you can go for a long walk along the promenade.So if you've not done it before, what's stopping you from checking out Porty? The number 26 heads out here what seems like every 10 minutes at peak times and although parking does seem to be a mare, in reality, you usually can grab a spot.
