5	I just had my first appointment with Dr. Hadley today, and let me tell you, I was impressed.I am not a big fan of dentistry and dentists in general, but Dr. Hadley was a great dentist and he did a super job.I had a dental overlay that had worked loose and I thought I'd be in for drilling and filling, but to my pleasant surprise they did an X Ray, found out there was no decay and reattached the existing overlay.  There was no pressure to try and get more out of my insurance and there wasn't any unnecessary work done.  Too often I have found dentists trying to up sell or cross sell products or services.  This was not the case with Dr. Hadley, today.  He simply invited me to become a patient and try and build a relationship with him and his office.  Again, I was quite pleased and very impressed.  I was glad to have found Dr. Hadley and have already booked a second follow-up appointment for a complete checkup and cleaning.
5	Dr. Hadley is Phenominal!! I was deathly afraid of the dentist. I knew I needed a lot of work done but finding one that you trust is difficult. My friend referred me to him after seeing her beautiful smile. My first appointment with Dr. Hadley he spent almost 2 hours just doing an exam. It was very thorough and he explained at the time all the things that I needed and answered the questions on the things I wanted. He explained all my options and told me that with the amount of work I needed, I can go at my own pace. I went in yesterday for the 1st appointment with consisted of 2 fillings and 2 crowns. He was amazing. I barely felt any pain and he made sure I was confortable the whole time. His office just called to make sure that I was doing ok after all that work. What an amazing dentist. I go back in a few weeks for more work and I am not even worried this time like I was before. Hes a bit of a drive for me as I live in Henderson but he's worth it.
5	Dr. Hadley is one of the best him and his staff are friendly and make your experience very pleasant.I will always recommended him to anyone looking for a dentist. I cant say enough about how good he is.
