1	This is the worst Duncan Donuts I have ever been to. The girl taking my order did not know how to ring anything in and had to ask how to do everything. It took over 5 minutes to ring in two sandwiches and two coffees. I asked for cream cheese on my sandwiches and they charged us for two 8 ounce cream cheeses which came out to over 5 dollars extra. There was no more than 2 ounces smeared on each of the sandwiches. When I received our iced coffees, they were luke warm. I live within two miles of this location and by the time I got home there was no ice left. The hash browns were cold and the bagel on the sandwich was hardly toasted, very doughy, and stale. They also gave us the wrong bagels and had to remake our sandwiches. Instead of trying to make their mistakes right, they acted like we were an inconvenience. Do not go to this Duncan Donuts. There are two much better coffee shops across the street.
5	First impressions have been good! Drive thru runs smoothly, coffee taste is consistent & I think they were even offering free drinks this weekend! Welcome to the neighborhood!!
5	As an east coast transplant, I love my Dunkin coffee. I've been to many other Dunkin Donuts locations in Phoenix and none of them have gotten it quite right. The coffee always tasted a bit burnt or stale or just not good at all.  I had pretty much given up when I saw that this one was opening in my neighborhood, but of course I would give it a try.  Well...... They nailed it!!!  Finally a proper cup of Dunkin Donuts coffee!  It is on point every time. And the staff is lovely. If you love Dunkin Donuts, this is the one for you.
4	New location!  It's in a prime area (16th/bethany) and across the street from Starbucks.  It's great to have another option in the neighborhood.  It's a really nice, modern location and it is well staffed so far.  It's relatively new so I don't have too many pros or cons yet.  The biggest pro is that I can hop over to Dunkin when the line at Starbucks is too long.
1	Went inside thinking it would be faster! NOT5 cars went through drive through and 7 orders inside (2 people left) over 30 minutes waiting to place order; glad you have good drive through business.Get it together, you have 1 cashier she has to get the donuts plus run register. While 2nd cash register sits idle by.Won't visit this place again.
4	Love everything here.  It's a brand new store opened not long ago.  Sitting on the busy intersections off SR-51.  After every purchase, if you go to do a survey within 2 days from your purchase, you can get a free donut with purchase the next time you stop by the store.  They also partnered up with Arizona Cardinals, for every win, you get a free iced or hot medium coffee, no purchase necessary but you do need to have the app installed on your phone and/or tablet.
2	I've been going to this one frequently since it opened as it is just around the corner and has a drive through.   Pros: great coffee and donuts, tasty sandwiches.  Cons: dreadful drive thru service.  At least 6 times out of ten, they screw up the order.  Wrong items, wrong quantity, or they are out of ingredients ( no biscuits, sprinkles).  And they don't wrap each donut individually if you get less than 6 so the frosting sticks together.  This location needs to get competent staff.
1	Unfriendly staff and horrible hot coffee the iced coffee is good apparently they can't sell coffee because they are always giving it away for free I like free stuff but you get what you pay for and I would go somewhere else for coffee
