3	This is Filipino food served cafeteria-style but don't let that stop you.  It translates into a casual and inexpensive meal.   They don't always serve dinuguan, but my husband asked for it they had some set aside for him the next day.  Try the halo halo!
3	The line to get food in the place was almost out the door, so i was expecting some damn good food.  For the price, the food was okay, it filled me up, and was not too pricey.  I was a little disappointed though because i was expecting this joint to carry the staple filipino entrees such as adobo (they ran out), kare kare (they didn't have it that day), and sinigang (i dunno why they didn't have this).  the pork bbq sticks were delish, but everything else was a little on the greeeezy side.  I was very happy that i could order maize con hielo (cream of corn, condensed milk, over crushed ice) because this is my fave sweet dish.
4	So you lost the money you were going to spend at Le Cirque - well there's still an upside here- for some home cooked meal- canteen style...turo -turo - basically point - and point to which ones you want...bbq, daing na isda, adobo, sinigang, kare-kare etc...try the halo halo dessert or bibingka that might turn that frown into a grin...But arrive early to guarantee choices...
4	My favorite grub-stop for cheap, fast and delicious Filipino food.  The menu changes daily, but I have yet to be disappointed by any dish that I have ever ordered there. And having been a regular there for almost 5 years, that translates to pretty much every dish they serve.As stated above, the place is casual, cafeteria style get-in-line-point-and-pay.  I can't help but laugh when people ding places like this for greasy food.  It's Filipino food... it's supposed to be greasy.  Now if a salad bar were greasy, THEN we'd have a problem.
3	There are about 5000000000 Filipino buffets in the strip malls at every corner of this intersection.  There are no vegan items in any of them but Pinoy PInay has some really good flat overhead lighting and a nice vibe, but most importantly, a name.  Cute little kids too.  $5.50 for a buffet.
5	Some of the local Vegas natives are probably wondering why I gave this place a perfect 5 star rating. Please continue to read..I'm not a Vegas native, I am in fact from the Bay Area. There are a good amount of Filipinos who live here obviously. I myself am Filipino, and as much as I try to support Filipino chains and small businesses, I am always disgusted by them. Why? Because they always seem like a rip off. Not only that, service is slow. Prices are high for below or average taste. And portions are extremely small for the price. It's also surprising how many people still frequent these Filipino restaurants we have here in the Bay Area that are Filipino and not realize the things I just mentioned. Perhaps they are blinded and skewed by the fact that they are supporting a local Filipino business, or maybe because they can't cook Filipino food. It must not be the latter because us Filipinos take so much pride in cooking those who know how to cook the dishes won't think twice to criticize the same dish made by someone else and how theirs is always better. Am I not right? I guess for your quick fix of Filipino food, we have plenty of choices here in the Bay Area, but they suffer from the previously mentioned. If I go to these Filipino chains, it's mostly for buying a Birthday cake or other pastries. The ship for buying regular entrees have long sailed. Be thankful for parents or other relatives who can cook authentic Filipino dishes. It's ashame that future generation of Filipinos who don't even know how to speak Tagalog will think this is good Filipino food for the price. If the price was lower or portions were grander sure no problem. But portions are small, and most if not all the food seems like it's just heated, and hell--they have no shame showing you that they just microwave them. To add insult to injury, Goldilocks (I'm not sure if they still do this practice), will weigh the food from the a la carte dishes to the palabok. Now why do these Filipino owned businesses and chains wonder why only Filipinos go to their stores and restaurants? If the Bay Area wasn't filled with so many Filipinos, I doubt these places would stay open. Vietnamese, Hawaiian, Thai have appealed to everybody recently, and have easily passed up Filipino food as general favorites for everybody. While in Vegas, for some odd reason we wanted to get some Filipino food. Not being from around here, we consulted the GPS. Having a GPS is very handy and I highly recommend it when going to places you are not familiar with, but thats an entirely different review on it's own. Pinoy Pinay came up so off we headed. I don't know the area nor it's reputation, but it wasn't too far off from the strip. It was in a small plaza center which seemed like it housed other Filipino/Asian businesses. The exterior was nothing special. It wasn't nice, but wasn't bad either. The ambiance of the interior was that of a typical fast food type of chain. There was plenty of seating arrangements and the space felt roomy. Never did I feel congested. Now the differences that I quickly realized were the prices, portions, and service of this place. Wow, its the 3 top complaints that I and other Filipinos and non-Filipinos have about Filipino restaurants here in the Bay. I should have got a copy of the menu and uploaded it, but I forgot to snag one. I can't remember in detail, but prices were very reasonable. Actually in comparison to those from your local Chinese fast food restaurant. The prices were actually CHEAP compared to those of Bay Area prices. But what good are the cheap prices of portions are small. No worries there, the portions were surprisingly generous from what I'm use to seeing from Filipino chains. Us Filipinos are known to run on Filipino time, slow and usually late. Here in the Bay Area, we prove that stereotype by exercising it in the workplace. It's in full effect in Filipino restaurants here. Jollibee, Goldilocks, and other Filipino places are very slow. Just because I'm Filipino does not mean I'm your relative or even your friend where you start talking to me like I've known you forever. A simple hello and small BS will suffice. I'm here for my food and time is money. The staff at Pinoy Pinay restaurant knows this, and have setup the food line in a efficient manner. One person manning a different station. It moved the line quickly and I was shocked that they were waiting on me. Over here in the Bay it's almost always the opposite. We went here before the afternoon on a weekday and even then it had a good amount of patrons. Mostly if not all Filipinos, but there was a token black guy that showed up. A black guy in a Filipino restaurant--that was proof enough for me. If the traffic was as it was when we came, I could only imagine during later hours of the day and on the weekends this place would be busy.This place is what Filipino restaurants are not in the Bay Area, but what should be. What an example.
4	I've been a few times and the last time was just yesterday after picking up my mom and step dad at the airport.  They had just landed from a 3 week trip to the Philippines.  After seeing them again, they were hungry for some Filipino food.  It's a little ironic since they just came back from there and that's all they ate for a whole 3 weeks.  On the most part we normally will go to DJ's Bibinkahan but I decided against it since we haven't had Pinoy Pinay in a long time.  I got a little confused as to where the line starts.  It doesn't take a brain surgeon to just walk towards the food and just go from there.  Looking through the glass full of oily food, I was actually confused and didn't know what my stomach was hungry for.  Luckilly, mom was there with me to order something so I could taste more than two items.  For my first item, I chose Kare-Kare a peanut butter based pork with tri-tip and vegetables.  My second choice was this batter fish that was deep fried and dipped with sweet and sour sauce.  My chose vegetable dishes and a coconut dish.  I wish I remembered what they were.  But, I remember how good it tasted.  :)  What I liked about this place is that the people were nice and friendly.  They weren't just there to put food in a container or a plate for you but were ready to give suggestions if you're stuck.  Also, they take care in placing the food on your plate and not just slap it on.  As for the food, it's not as greasy and it actually taste like the ingredients are fresh.  Unless we got there in time or just after it left the wok or pan.  If so, then how lucky was that?  After choosing your food, we got to the cashier and paid.  So it had a Cafeteria setting where you get your food in a tray and line up like cows until you reach the cashier and pay for your food.  Try the Melon Juice, that is so refreshing after some yummy food down your tummy.
4	as filipino food goes - its pretty good here. stuff i really wouldnt make at home because its time consuming, or i just dont have the space or the pit to roast a whole pig - ha!but i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the store and the amount of seating as compared to other filipino restaurants. the service is funny, i think homeboy hit on me - as he asked "what do you want sexy?" i was like "what the...", i thought it was going to be a GURL FIGHT - between my fiance and the gay dude. nice.food and desserts were tasty and it fulfilled my craving for meat and rice... 4 stars!
4	When visiting Las Vegas I always have to stop in for a meal at least once.  The food here is so good.... always fresh (because of the high traffic, the food moves quick) cheap and service is generally friendly. The only reason I dock off a point is because the food could be hotter at times (temperature wise).. nothing more disappointing when something looks great but is room temperature.  No worries though, Filipino food as I found out keeps well..
4	The taste of traditional Filipino food away from home, not too far from the Vegas strip!  As authentic as they get, I felt I was at a Filipino-family get together.  You'll enjoy the dishes Pinoy Pinay have ranging from Sinagang, Bulalo, Bangus, Lechon, etc.  I ordered the Bangus, Pancit and rice which was tasty and served in hearty proportion.  I also ordered the cantaloupe juice to wash it all down.  The party I ate with, I sampled the Lechon, Menudo and Halo-halo which all tasted as expected, if were made from your kitchen at home.If you're unfamiliar with the Filipino dishes mentioned above, refer to this site: http://www.seasite.niu.edu/Tagalog/filipino_food_glossary.htmThe service is fast once you start to put your order together.  After paying for your meal and sitting down, don't expect to be waited-on or asked about your meal.  The place is all "self serve."  It's setup  where you slide your order tray with you as you walk down the assembly line of food, picking your your entrees and side orders.  The only drawback is location.  If you have access to a car, this place is relatively fast to get to.  If you're taking a cab from a hotel, getting there is easy, but finding your way back can be a bit difficult.  Not too many taxi's come out to this area so be sure to have your cell phone fully charged to call a cab.
4	OMG, I practically inhaled my food.  The kare-kare was thick and creamy.  YUMMMM!  That was my favorite part of the meal.  And my sago drink was delicious.  This place was hella crackin.  The line curved around the restaurant.  GOOOOOOD foood!!!  I kinda wish I savored my meal, but whatevz, who needs to chew when you can just shallow.. lol.
3	This place was kind of hard to find, its like in the corner of an outdoor plaza located next door to a supermarket or something.  Once inside, its like simple filipino verision of panda express. The food was quite flavorful, i was with 6 other people and they all pretty much grubbed on their plates, the price wasnt bad either, around 6 bucks for rice and like 2 entrees. If your tired of the buffets and over priced fast food, this place isnt too shabby
4	Out of all of the Filipino Fast food places in Vegas, this is my favorite place for cheap food. The selection of food that you can choose changes daily but they are always choices that you will be happy with. The staff is friendly and sometimes they joke around with you. Maybe, you can even sharpen up on your Tagalog skills with these guys!There's a lot of seating, but be careful, during meal times, it can run out quickly. But hey, that's a sign of good eats, right? I think so.
4	Love it here. Classic Filipino cuisine. ok service average decor. Good star rating for its quality of food.
5	Awesome service!  They let my Korean friends have a taste of almost everything (I was full from that!)The food was fresh and tasty.  The only disappointing part was my garlic rice: it could've been more garlicy (is that a word?) and there were sections that were hard, like 5 day old rice.  Yuck.My non-Filipino friends really enjoyed the experience.  Thanks!
4	You can't beat this place for good, hearty, cheap eats.  Their entire menu consists of excellent Filipino food choices.  I like their sinigang (a tamarind-based fish soup) even though you're picking out the bones while you're eating.  Dinuguan is always one of my choices.  Masarap !While my daughter's mom usually picks her favorites for both of us, I'm not picky and enjoy all her choices. The artwork on the walls add quite a bit to their ambience.
5	I love filipino food.I love filipino food at Pinoy Pinay.I beg. beg. BEG! to come here whenever we are in Vegas.Always has a selection of entrees and desserts I like.Price is very reasonable.Overall, I wish they had a place like this in Nor Cal instead of Jollibee and Goldilocks.
3	I've eaten here or taken to-go many times.  I usually go for the sinigang, adobo or menudo.  Prices are decent.For now this is my favorite Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas but I have yet to dine at DJ Bibingkahan (I know I'm a loser - it's on the top of my list!!)
3	This place is ok.  Unfortunately, I have to say that dj bibingkahan is better.
3	Nice staff. The banana in the turon was a little tough, but the bbq was pretty good as well as the beef steak. Nothing ever really lives up to your mother's home cooking, but this was pretty good.
1	I was very surprised by all the high marks this place got.  I just recently went here with my hubs and mom.  We were very disappointed on what we got.  We went here by chance because we needed to eat, I didn't exactly know where Seafood City was, and I didn't want to drive up and down Sahara.  Coming from SD and I have many selections of different turo turo (point point) places and never really came upon a place that wasn't good.  So I didn't think much of this place on not being good.  There were ppl inside eating...First off, they make you get a tray.  The tray I got smelled like it was wiped with a wet dirty towel.  It had a disgusting sour smell and I didn't understand why they wanted ppl to eat with it.  The guy behind the counter was pretty adamant on us getting a tray.  I got the tray, but I didn't want to put my food down on it.  SO GROSS!What I got:I decided on their beef steak.  The guy asked if I wanted sabaw (okay, the sauce) on my rice, heck ya!  I just wanted one entree choice with my rice.  Why it wasn't good:First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked. What the hubs got:He got paksiw na lechon and sinigang na HALIBUT.  Yea, thats right, they put HALIBUT in with the sinigang.  I never had and now I know why.  If you're going to make any type of FISH sinigang...fricken make it with BANGUS!  I know they had bangus because they had one all fried up in the front.    Why it wasn't good:My husband is on of those filipinos who love really sour sinigang.  When he asked the guy if it was extra sour, the guy had no hesitation to say yes.  When hubs went to try it, the sabaw (soup) was barely sour.  He also agreed to not eat sinigang with halibut, it just didn't taste right.  As for his paksiw, that also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  The sauce of the paksiw was way over powering and didn't taste that good either.What mom got:She also got the sinigang and she also got afritada.  I didn't taste it because I was already disgusted with my food and my husbands.  I doubt that tasted any better. I don't know if they were lazy to cook stuff for a Saturday evening and again and just reheated old food.  I surprised that so many ppl like the food from here.  But I will definitely not come here again and will make it a point to find Seafood City, because I heard there are more places to eat around there.  Ppl from Vegas or ppl visiting vegas...don't go here...seriously....your lola/mom/auntie/lolo/dad/uncle or YOUSELF who know who to cook will be disappointed with the food from here.  THIS IS NOT HOW FILIPINO FOOD SHOULD TASTE LIKE!
3	Friendly staff, good prices, decent portions. Ambiance is lacking and the few times I've eaten here the food has ranged from average to good-not great. For the price though, I'm a repeat customer, especially given my positive experience with the staff.
3	This place has gone down hill since their inception. The food does not look appealing anymore. Not that filipino food is appealing. In fact Filipino food looks gross but for people who grew up with adobo and rice. It is just a regular day at the dinner  table. Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. The food was not fresh. I was really disappointed. I give them the benefit of the doubt. I will probably come back to try them out again.
1	This used to be my "go-to" place for Filipino food in Vegas but no more.  I went Thursday last week, ordered my 2 items + rice to go, and looked forward to eating in the peace and quiet of my hotel room.  When I opened the container, the 2 scoops of rice had the consistency of lumpy mashed potatoes!  REALLY.  Whoever cooked the rice used 2x the amount of water and w-a-y overcooked the rice so that there aren't even any recognizable grains.   C'mon, we're Pinoys!  Rice is sacred and should be the one thing we can cook consistently.  After all, how do we enjoy the soup or the sarsa in the dishes (even if it is just the oil from the lechon)?  I was so disappointed.  How do you eat pochero (which was actually quite tasty) without rice?  I kept hearing my Lola's voice "Hey, huwag mag pakpak!"  (LOL)  At least I had the upo dish as a veggie as balance but really - not the same. Oh, and this is not the first time I've had this rice problem.  But in the past, it was only slightly mushy.  This time it was BAD.  No way to redeem it.So, I'm gonna have to say 'ta-ta' to PP and try one of the other LV Filipino establishments.  It was a good 5-year run.
4	Had lunch for the first time here and ordered their combo dishes. Had 1/4 slice of fried bangus and batchoy.Food was tasty and good.Basic selection of meat,fish,poultry and soup dishes available.Nothing to complain about. The place was clean and free of pesky flies.Another to go eat pinoy places while visiting nevada.
3	First and Foremost, If you don't like oily foods, don't eat filipino food. cuz usually when you go to  Filipino restaurants, chances are, atleast one or two of their dishes are more than likely to clog your arteries. Im a fan, of pinoy pinay, because they get it right. It's authentic, its pretty much real filipino food. I just don't like the fact during the slow hours of 3-6pm, they leave the food sitting out, and it looks dry. I don't know maybe there trying to save money by cutting back on food costs. I also don't like the fact that they don't have Longanisa every day. but then again, its really unhealthy, so maybe that's why. my personal favorites, are pork bbq on a stick, pancit bihon, beef caldereta and once in while lechon kawali. the sinigang soup is pretty good also.
2	This tends to be a hit or miss whenever I visit. It just happened to be a bit of a miss the last time. Their bbq skewers are always good. I prefer the pork over the chicken. However, the adobo could have produced a food coma I might not have been able to snap out of as it was extremely greasy. No joke, you could see the oil separating itself from the rest of the sauce. Blech! I'll just have to get something else next time, since my family loves this place.
5	Came here one time during a family vacation in Vegas... I'm not sure if it was the fact that I was starving and craving for authentic Asian cuisine that day, but this place has the best AND cheapest Filipino food I've ever had! Plus they offer decent size portion at a relatively low price!I had a two items combo with sisig, bangus and rice, and I also added an order of sinigang. Everything was delicious and authentic in my opinion. My favorite was the bangus. They didn't just give me a tiny little piece like a lot of Filipino fast food places do, they gave me pretty much the whole fish. It was done just right; not too dry but it was crispy enough. The sisig and sinigang were both good, and had enough flavors. I actually took some of the bangus and sisig to go because the portion was huge and I didn't want to waste good food. After a 12 hours drive back home, the bangus and sisig were still in good shape; and most importantly, they still tasted good after re-heating! I was totally amazed and surprised...This place overall is clean and the staff is nice with good customer service. The only downside is that it is off the strip and definitely not walking distance from the strip. But the good thing is that it is easy to get to this place when you have a car. If you are visiting Vegas and staying on the strip without a car, I would say it's worth taking a cab to this place...
4	Cheap but tasty.  Nothing beats that combo.
4	I've visited this location twice & each time I was happy with the food. I've ordered the Apretada (beef stew), lumpia, okoy & lechon kuwali. Everything I had was delicious! The portions were large and the price was very good!...honestly its very cheap for the quality and quantity.The food is authentic & has a home made feel. The service is good & fast...HIGHLY recommend it.
3	Buffet and Vegas has been old for a while for me.  Just fill me up and I'm good to go.  This place is a typical Filipino fast food with a pretty decent size seating capacity.  You get in line, pick up a tray and you choose the most greasy item in the menu because that is the best tasting artery blocking meal.Two item sir, yes sir.  Turon, halo halo, and coconut drink please.  Then may I have extra napkins please.  Pay for the meal and take a seat.  There was a time where I would not worry about the grease, but now, I spend an extra 5 minutes to get as much of the oil off as possible.  I'd like to postpone my heart attack another day.Favorite items:BistekBeef KalderetaLechonBBQ chicken skewerSinigangTuronHalo haloCoconutPros: good for large parties, fast food, good valueCons: heart attack alleyThere are other Filipino restaurants which I will try when I am in the area again, but this place is always a favorite compared to going to Jollibee or Chow King.
3	Good selection of Filipino entrees, desserts, and beverages.  Clean restaurant.   This is one of the Filipino places I eat, when I'm in town, when I need a break from the Vegas buffets,
3	This isn't the best filipino fast food restaurant I have ever had, but it does hit the spot when I am craving Bangus or any other fried filipino goodness.  For me, the dishes are always a hit or miss in regards to the saltiness. But, I just order a melon juice, and I am content. The servings are large, so you can eat like a king on a budget.  The restaurant is clean and quite spacious.  And the servers are always friendly and welcoming.
1	I went this restaurant with my Family and relatives...I think we were like 15 including the kids. I didn't enjoy the food. I have no choice since we were staying at Wynn Hotel and  since I only prefer Pinoy foods. I might as well eat rather than starve.
3	I always have to get Filipino breakfast once while in Vegas.  Went to this place cause my girl and her family go to this one.The place looks like all the Filipino "cafeteria" style restaurants.  Fairly clean and smells amazing inside.  The staff was very very friendly (as most Filipinos are) and did not judge us when we didn't really speak Tagalog.  He helped us get our plates and even cracked a few jokes.We got the pinakbet, lechon kawali, and dinuguan.  My girlfriend was quite saddened to see that there was no kare-kare that morning.  But the food was still enjoyable.  The best part of the meal was the melon drink.  It was so refreshing on a hot Vegas morning.  Mhmmm... delicious!This isn't the greatest Filipino place I've eaten at, but it sure did help curb my cravings for Filipino food.  Wouldn't mind coming back here since I can't remember the other place my family goes to.... haha!
4	WOWOWEE!!!! ang sarap naman!!!!!!!!!!Filipino soul food! like any other soul food... they make everything by scratch! everything was amazing! service would typically crappy... but it was classy-crappy... el-cra-pe!nevertheless... the food is down right amazing! perfect hang over meal... especially in las vegas!
4	I was told that the Pinoy Pinay in California is SO GOOD....and they give good portions....so we went and check out this place.First the place was almost empty...just a couple and their kid in one table...and looking at the selection...there was I think around 5 or six kinds and mostly meats..and some pinakbet...tried the combo ...Dinuguan & Pinakbet...it was okay but really not that great....but one thing good...the melon drink...Will I come back?  Probably!!!There are so many choices in Vegas...just feel bad didn't have the chance to try it all!
4	Tastiest selection of Tagalog cuisine in Lost Wages.
4	Turo-Turo style eatery.  Food is mediocre but the portions are plentiful.  Three combos for less than $20.  Can't beat that in Overpriced Vegas.
4	great comfort food.  my brother and sister in law had their food catered here on several occasions.  mainly for pacman fights =)  i like their sisig and menudo.  they also give generous amount of food from their turo-turo menu.
3	$5 Filipino breakfast offered ALLLL DAY?!  I'm sold!Perfect way to start a Vegas morning.  You get your choice of tocino, longanisa, tilipia or the dried/salted fish.  Then you pick how you want your eggs cooked...and they whip it up for your right there.  Probably only takes about 10 minutes!  The longanisa + scrambled egg is my ideal and it was really good here!  Add in the fresh calamansi juice...and life is good.  They had a huge selection of food to choose from, so I pretty much wanted to buy everything.  Luckily, I restrained.
3	This place hits close to home cooking and the prices can't be beat.  One of the few Filipino places (buffet-ish style where you point to the food you want and they plate it for you) that keeps their food fresh and keeps the food coming.  The place is pretty modest - nothing fancy just cafeteria style but it gets the job done!  Whenever my parents visit me in LV, they always come here at least 2 or 3 times during their visit (because I won't let them cook fish inside my house, lol!) My favorite things to get here are the kare kare, beef caldereta (oily, but meat melts in your mouth!), BBQ sticks of course, the grilled pork, and the lechon (crrrunch)!  The pancit is just OK.   Adobo is just OK.  But the portions are huge!  Come early to get the best selections.  We went late one night and all my favs were missing except the lechon.  Don't forget to ask for sabaw on the side (they'll give you some sinigang broth with some gulay in it.  Also don't forget the turon for dessert! They used to take cash only, but now you can use your debit/credit card for purchases over 10 bucks.  2 item meal is like 7 bucks... not bad for all of the food that you get.  For the price, why cook at home?
4	the last few times ive gone to vegas and ate at this place it always seems like its for saturday lunch.  or was it sunday lunch?  i dont know why but vegas weekends seem to blur into one long day...hahah, anyway.  when we were there, the line was long, straight outside the restaurant.  but we did come in a huge group, so that was probably part of the reason.  the food is great.  its trully that stick-to-your-ribs type of food you get when youre at some filipino party or a fiesta in the old country.  they even have melon juice and calamansi juice!  my only suggestion is to go there a little earlier than the lunch crowd, on the weekend that is.  we came a little late, so some of the food was out.  besides that, grab a seat, make some room in your belly, cause this is serious eating.
2	The lines were long and the service was super slow. You figured they would invest in another register to check people out more efficiently. The staff seemed unorganized. We waited approximately 15-20 mins. I would be more forgiving if the food was worth the wait, but I can get better tasting food from home. If you are really hungry, don't go here during lunch, as you might experience the same thing we did...
3	Friendly staff, great price, huge parkingbut its a common type of filipino dish
5	Great food very informative staffs, feels like home so many selections to choose from.They also make really good BBQ and beef Caldereta!Whenever I go back to Vegas I always visit this restaurant.Not expensive at all!!Highly recommended you will never regret it.Yummy food :)
3	It'd been years since we last ate here, maybe within months of opening (a while ago). I should begin the review with an explanation/disclaimer; growing up, after finding out what everything was, in filipino cuisine, I became a picky eater. I was the one cutting off all the fat off the meat. I don't like greasy foods, in general (plus, being pregnant, things are not always agreeing with my system). I stuck to safe things because in all honesty, I don't eat all animal flesh (limit it to beef, chicken, sometimes pork, turkey, seafood and shellfish). And it's not like I don't eat fatty foods at all, I just select the days (I eat carefully on most days, but on the weekends, I eat what I want; it helps my figure). We don't go to a lot of filipino restaurants (but this doesn't mean that I'm less of a Pinay, I know alot about the history, I do know Tagalog, though I am not fluent, and I could go on and on about Pinoys in Hollywood, believe me, I am proud). Located in Amall, on the corner of Sahara and Maryland Parkway (the one with 7-11 on the corner), the cafeteria-style restaurant  (you select your items and pay at the end of the aisle, before sitting down to eat) is located in the elbow of the strip mall. Inside is spacious with lots of seating, tables & chairs. Trays are placed on top of the trash cans located near the doors. Bathrooms are located in the back of the restaurant. It is clean, however, we did see a dirty tray (had food stuck on it), which the employee promptly picked up upon seeing that it was set aside. And when we sat down, noticed that there was a B grade up on the wall. My husband also noticed that something was cleaned up with a dirty rag, which was then placed on top of the counter. We had cousins, and my auntie, in town so we met them here for lunch last saturday afternoon. My husband and I each chose the two-item plates (two scoops of rice, pancit, and BBQ sticks), a drink, and I also got the bibingka, and my husband got the turon (oops, forgot to tell him it was made with filipino bananas). The cashier was nice and cracked a joke about the sticky balls on a stick (carioca). The rice was plentiful, the BBQ sticks were cold and more on the fatty side, and the pancit was ok. (Also, another reason why I am picky with filipino food is that my mom's pancit and lumpia were the best. When there is such a high standard, it's hard to have anything else). The caldereta did look good, and maybe I would've enjoyed my lunch if I had that instead. Ok, I have to share this funny story abut our nephew, my sister's oldest. I didn't know that he liked dinuguan, and I told him what it was before he ordered it, when we were in line. He was eating it, and had this uncertain expression on his face. And then said, "What is this?" My immediate reaction was to laugh heartily, as I always do (sorry, I have a loud laugh). My husband later said that he wished he had recorded the whole thing (see, he can't have dessert unless he finishes the meal, it's the rule). I did enjoy the bibingka, I do love filipino desserts! Masarap. The turon @ $1.50 was really good and such a generous size too. The cost of our meals was over $21.00. My sister, brother-in-law, and their older boys split a couple halo-halo's- served in glass dishes similar to ice cream sundaes, which looked good, but I love Chow King's version (in Seafood City). If I wanted some filipino dessert, I could stop here, since it's in the neighborhood.  There were other customers in the restaurant but I would't say that it was crowded, especially for the weekend (when we moved here in 1991, there weren't many choices and now due to a higher pinoy population, there are lots of choices for us; and the most popular is Seafood City).
3	I'm not a fan of filipino fast food but when you really want filipino food and you are away from your mom, this is one of the few places you can go to and get it done right.  Really in love with their barbecue and palabok.  Sometimes I feel like the portion sizes are too big but then I rememeber I can just take it home and have it the next day as my BAON.  lol
5	We went here after "yelping" the closest filipino restaurant from our hotel in downtown LV. this place did not disappoint! The food is good and the staffs were really nice! It was pretty cheap too! We had 7 of the two item combos, plus 4 drinks and it was less than $50. I will definitely come back to this place the next time we visit Las Vegas.
3	When I first came here a few years ago it was very good. I think time and complacency has set in because now the place is old and tired. Food was just ok, nothing special. I wanted to go to the back and show them how to cook, but that's okay, I didn't pay too much. Hope for a better result next time, I'll give them one more chance, then I'll be looking for a new Filipino place to go to in Vegas!!!
3	I got my first Filipino food from this place.  Not knowing what to order, the gentleman at the counter let me try different stuff.  I ended up ordering the skewers and the beef stew with rice.  The portion is big and it is only $6.  Their food was okay.  I liked their dessert halo halo.  I am not really sure if this place was mediocre or Filipino food is not so my taste...I  might give another shot to Filipino food somewhere else to see.
3	I've been coming to this place for years. 7 years to be exact, ever since I first moved to Vegas. It was my first taste of Filipino food that I missed from my mom. I remember the first time I came here and I was so excited. I thought the combo was a great deal and the actual amount of portion food they give you is a lot! I have never been able to eat all my food and I am a fat ass and can often throw down, so this is saying a lot! Is this is the best Filipino food ever? Not even close, I mean come on. You know how it goes, "my mom the best Filipino food." But they do some good lechon and I love their dinuguan. And yes, to the halo halo with ice cream. I also love the variety assortments of Filipino deserts they have. I think they have some of the best flan I have ever had. However, I will admit there have been occasions where I went and my food was on the cold side and just not as tasty as I know it can be. But I keep coming back to this place. The staff is friendly and I always feel welcome here. It's buffet style as  you grab your tray, and pick from the options they have out for the day. You can get a two or three item combo. As a Filipino, who doesn't look Filipino I hate when I go into a Filipino place and get the looks like, "why is she in here?" I never feel uncomfortable or unwelcome in this place. And more than not, the food is always decent. And at great prices I will always come back to this place.
4	I am not a person who likes to go to Filipino restaurants to eat (because my mom is the best Filipina cook ever) but I enjoyed the food and the experience here. The server/cashier was very friendly and very helpful, he had a smile on his face for every customer. He even told a couple of jokes and pointed to me where the the nearest Goldilock's was. The food was good, it was a lot better than a lot of other Filipino restaurants I've tried. I ordered the pork adobo, pancit palabok, and bbq pork to go. All of it was good, I especially liked the bbq pork that I would order again. They also serve you the food a la carte style so the best time to come is early when everything is still fresh. The portions are huge too, I had a good amount of leftovers. If I am ever back in Vegas I am sure I will visit them again. They are very welcoming and they make you feel very comfortable.
4	I'm not a big expert on Filipino food but I do know my lechon and sinigang.I really like the people there, really good ambience. The lechon was good and crispy :) the lechon dipping sauce, was OKAY. but still didn't ruin my lechon experience.Sinigang.. u cant really mess that up so it was really tasty to me :) I like the cafeteria style they have, super fast filipino food. I liked it a lot.
2	The place is really clean and modernish. The staff is very friendly and bathroom is clean. We were a party of 12 and it may have been to overwhelming for them because the food reflected that. My Pinakbet was drenched in shrimp paste. It was suppose to have lechon kawali, shrimp and tofu amongst all the veggies. I got 2 ladles of shrimp paste a bunch of veggies and 5 pieces of lechon kawali. The pancit miki was super salty.
2	The food was ok, not the best I've had in Las Vegas.  Service was ok, they were making fun of my wife because she was white.  Overall disappointed.
5	Another Great Place to eat Filipino Food ...:))) Family love this place!!
2	Been here quite a few times and it seems that the food quality has gone down. We visit from Denver and this year we ordered lechon kawali, pusit, bangus, and dinuguan. Lechon kawali was good, but the pusit was dry and the bangus was cold. We went for lunch.
5	I love this place.  The food is always delicious and with big servings.  I always order in a to-go container because I can never finish all my food and end up taking half of it home.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant has plenty of seating and is kept clean.
4	Been coming here over 10 years, the food here is actually not too shabby, . The food portion is big and best of all its cheap! Its alittle far from home  but worth the trip if you don't want to spend too much for lunch or dinner.     We usually order 2 combo plate and one canteloupe drink, comes up to about $16 not shabby for family of 4 :)  kids love the menudo here and I like the pinakbet(vegetable stew) depending on how fresh the diniguan ill usually get a side of that also. Like I said earlier, food is not the best but its not bad either, for the price you can't beat it.
1	There's nothing quite like the feeling of chewing on glass. I don't recommend trying it but if you feel inclined - get an order of Lechon from Pinoy Pinay Filipino Restaurant in Las Vegas (northwest corner of Sahara & Maryland Parkway). I like Lechon to be crispy, but for my gums to be tender after the first few pieces, I threw in the white flag. I tried to pick apart the skin and go for the meat and fat, but it was dry and by then, I decided to just settle for the Pork Adobo, the second of my two item combo. The Adobe was not tender - the pork was chewy. Not enough vinegar. I didn't finish my Adobo either. I've been eating Filipino food all my life. Both good and bad. Pinoy Pinay made the latter list.
4	I love their sisig and BBQ here! Besides the steam table items..they also offer Filipino spaghetti, palabok and crispy pata. CRISPY PATA!! don't think just order and enjoy lol.
4	This place is fantastic. It's been here forever, I used to hit this place all the time for lunch. Love the food here.
4	Food is just amazing. Associates are very funny. As food food I suggest kalderetang kambing (goat) it's the bomb.com and halo halo for desert is a killer!!!
2	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #43 - #365My mom's friend's best friend treated us for dinner here at Pinoy Pinay. This is just another typical Filipino restaurant you'd find in any other city. The first impression that comes to me about this restaurant is that, it's a total DIVE! That doesn't mean the food is horrible. I'd say more average but not excellent. Since it's in Downtown, the area is not a great place to walk alone. The interior is very outdated and felt kind of dirty. Let's be honest here, the food is not that great but the prices are excellent and saved us a ton from eating on the strip. The place kind of reminded me of an old Filipino restaurant I ate at in Glendale in the 90's. The food wasn't that bad, more so and so. I picked up a tray and ordered the two item combo, pork barbecue skewers and chopped pork. Food was a bit cold and tasted old, the flavor in the barbecue was there and so was the chopped pork but they give you lots of rice! Would I come back here again? Maybe...
5	This is the place when you want down right good Filipino food.  They have a variety of food to choose from & their combos are cheap $6.50.  Portions of food can make it 2 meals.  Their lechon is the best compared to all the other Filipino places I tried.  Sinigang, beef steak, lechuplan, & mango drink were all so good!!! This is another one of our visits when were are in Las Vegas.
4	One of the local Filipino places my family likes to eat at.You can choose a combo plate - two scoops of rice & choice of two or more meat items from their steamed tables filled with all sorts of foods : Sinigang, Menudo, Pinakbet, Pancit, Adobo, Kare Kare, etc, etc.OR You can choose their made to order items : Palabok, Spaghetti, Breakfast Combos, or Fresh Lumpia.They also have a lot of Filipino desserts to choose from & Halo-Halo!
3	So we have, Pinoy+Pinay in Los Angeles. Moms told me this use to be the spot here in Vegas. I'm craving some Filipino food so we decided to pay a visit. Place is dead... Think it was just us and another family. It's pretty sad. Unlike their LA counterpart they didn't have Sisig, menudo, caldereta, chicken adobo.... Kind of shocked since these are go to dishes... So we got the Bicol express, lechon kawali, fried talong, and pakbet. First take-- food is cold.. Now... They're not busy so I'll take that into account. Taste is there and glad the lechon was crunchy. I really like the taste of the Bicol express just wished they had more seafood bc that batch had nothing but pork!In conclusion, it's a decent place I'll stop by again but LA does it better. :P
3	I've been eating here since the 90's and it's been my go-to Filipino food place because the food is good and the portions are generous, but it looks like they recently raised their prices and switched their containers to smaller ones, so you don't get as much. The food is still good, but the portion sizes relative to the price doesn't really make this a deal anymore.
4	Simply, the best Halo-Halo i've ever had!The other best thing about this little nice place is that you can either order a combination plate from the food that's already made or you can order a la cart for a freshly made meal. Ill stop by again next time Im in Vegas. They would get 5 if they turn the air conditioner on.
5	I give it a five star because there's not a lot of filipino restaurants out here that are good. I've been coming here since I was pretty young. Like middle school? So this place has been around a long time. I don't live at home anymore with my parents so I barely eat filipino food ): so when I'm craving... I come here. It's a long drive from home because I'm around the southwest area in Vegas. But it's always worth it everytime!!! I love their menudo. It's delicious. Mmmm!!!! Yummy. And the drinks they offer. Too bad it only comes in one size. I love the coconut drink. In my opinion, I think it deserves a five star... Because it hasn't disappointed me... Yet.
5	Best filipino food in las vegas. You get a combination plate of food thats already made. You can  get 2 sides and rice. Get the lechon!  I wish they had sisig when i was there. You get whats served and already cooked. If im at las vegas again im going here.
5	I love this place. The food is always great. Portion sizes are perfect for the price. There is always a good variety of dishes so my roommate and I get different things each time and share so we enjoy a bit of everything! When you get to the end of the line and you see desserts...get at least one!
2	they have gone down hill...theyre not as good as they once were.
1	We went there for dinner and ordered Lechon Kawali, Beef Steak, Ginisang Sayote and Pork BBQ. Got Buko Juice and Melon Juice for drinks and HaloHalo for dessert. The foods doesn't taste close like what it is, the bbq among all is all I can say that tastes okay. The beef steak is kind of okay but not really good! Especially for the ginisang sayote, i can't eat it, strong foul taste comes from it. The Lechon kawali is not even as crunchy and the sauce is not as good. The halo halo is okay, the melon is too sweet and i think the buko juice should be called vanilla juice. I will never come back again to this restaurant.
5	My first time trying Filipino food. The server was nice and he offered samples to taste before I decided. I ended up getting some chicken dish and the beef or pork adobe.  It was good. The restaurant was clean  and meal was affordable.  The meal for two came out to twenty and my boyfriend and I received a lot of food. I am not into Filipino food but if you decide to try it, go to this place. Very good customer service.
1	The food here taste really spoiled and rushed. I can say they are a lot tidier than DJ but the food is horrific. You expect customers to eat here please make sure everything is fresh and quality.
3	Overall, this place is pretty decent. Not too bad. I just felt like the food wasn't as authentic as I thought it would be. But it was satisfying and if you're craving some quick filipino food on the go, I'd say this isn't a bad place.
3	It's always a tradition for me to eat here when I visit Vegas. The food is cheap, like $7 for a good helping of food. There is no cheap Filipino food in Alaska! The food quality is OKAY and the atmosphere is OKAY, but if you're hungry this place will satisfy.
4	I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because they are still around. 10 years ago this was one of the only restaurant to eat Filipino food and 10 years later, the food is still up to part and the service is great. Very consistent with the food taste.
2	Food is adequate to satisfy the appetite.  Served cafeteria-style.  I had the pancit and lechon.  My mother makes way better pancit, and the lechon was either dry or had to much fat on it.  Food is mediocre at best.
