5	I went to Carolinas Vision Group on a refer from Minute Clinic when I scratched my eye. The staff was very courteous and got me in to see the Dr immediately. His focus opwas making me feel better, and controlling the amount of pain I was in. I have never been to such a professional and caring eye doctor. I already scheduled my annual eye exam! I would highly recommend!
5	Very friendly staff and Dr. Knudson is the best.  I have nothing but positive things to say about everyone in the office.
5	Exceptional service and staff. Dr k. cares about his patients and it shows. Highly recommended.
5	Carolinas Vision Group has such a helpful staff and Dr. K is pretty cool and professional.  Nice selection of frames but word on the street is Sally's Optical in Dilworth has the best specs in town
5	My wife and I have been going to Dr. Knudsen for the past few years. Dr. Knudsen and his staff have always been very friendly and easy to work with. Even though they seem to be busier now than they have been, it is still easy to get an appointment on fairly short notice. I also appreciate how the doctor and his staff work to get you in and out with minimal waiting, while maintaining a high level of quality. They also make getting glasses or contacts easy and worry-free. I could not recommend them more!
5	I have been exceptionally pleased with the quality of service that I have received at Carolina's Vision Group.   They truly want me to see the best that I can.   The eye glass area took the time to explain progressive lenses and the cost associated with them even though I would not be considering this until next year.  They helped me understand what I would expect to pay when ready to purchase.  I would definitely recommend this office.
3	My first experience was great. I saw Dr. Mark on an emergency basis, which involved something being stuck in my eye. They got me in within two hours of my call and good to go in 30 min. Per the Dr's request I set an appointment 2 days later for follow up, somehow the staff put it down for a week later. They still managed to get me in when I showed up not realizing it was scheduled wrong. At that time I set my exam appointment for the following week. Later I had to call and move it up to 8 am. Somehow again they staff got it wrong. I enjoyed Dr. Mark but the scheduling needs help.
