3	Sent here by AAA guy and Discount tires...  I usually get nervous when someone touches my truck.... but I gave it a go. Trucks running well and he explained what the damage I did to my auto looked like. Awesome.
5	These guys were amazing.  Before they were going to charge me anything, Derek plugged into my car to see what was wrong.  Then tried to repair a leaky valve without charge.  When that didn't work, Derek ordered the parts and had it them delivered that same day and had my car fixed on time and below what they originally said it was going to cost.  I have a 2002 Audi S4 and they were so more helpful then a dealership.  I would recommend to anyone with any type of car!
5	A couple days ago, I fired up my car and started driving towards downtown so that I could attend the Yelp Eats UYE at Nobuo. Only problem was it was 104 outside and my AC wasn't working.Luckily, I'm a savvy dude, and had a pretty good idea about what COULD be wrong. I called Lightning Lube, my go-to for all things car. They recommended I give Ray a call at First Class.I took it in, told him what was up, and he recharged my AC within 30 minutes, and I was out the door. He's honest, fast, reliable and the kind of guy you want working on your car.His prices are reasonable, and it seems as if his staff does all kinds of work. I will certainly come back. He will make conversation with you, explain what is going on, and then give you options. The other thing that is key here, is that he won't just start working on your car, until you tell him to. He'll help you out and figure out why your check engine light is on and give you random advice on your car if you ask for it.I was originally going to go to Whitey's since everyone in Old Town seems to go there, but Whitey's is closed on weekends. I'm glad they are, because meeting Ray was the best thing that could have happened to my car. BRING YOUR CAR HERE!
5	I bought four new tires next door at Discount Tire, but they don't align them afterwards and recommended I go to First Class Auto Service. I also needed new front brakes so I walked to Midas across the street to get a price quote. I took that price quote to Ray at FCAS and he told me he could beat the price by almost $30. Sold! I was given a ride home so I wouldn't have to sit and wait a few hours.All in all, it was a good experience. I will call Ray the next time I need any work done on my car.
2	First, I walk in and say "I have an appointment." The guy says "I don't know what that means." Really? Then this other guy comes out takes my keys and says it will be 45 minutes for the four wheel alignment. Fine. So I go across the street for a lunch. 50 minutes pass so I walk back to the car place. The guy sees me coming, quickly moves another car off the.ramp and then moves mine up to work on it. I ask him, "Seriously!! You haven't started it yet??!!?" He says the other car was here first and its been here all day on the ramp. Except when I dropped off my car the ramp was empty. So fifteen minutes after I came back the car is done. Then I had to take it somewhere else to have the alignment checked again because I didn't trust the guy. Basically this place was more hassle then its worth and the guy was a liar which just isn't a good thing for a mechanic. I will say, that I ended up getting a call later from the manager, and he said he would look into it. Hopefully they're getting their act together, and they fired that guy. If you do go here, just make sure you keep good tract of what's going on.
5	What an amazing find; my friend referred me to Ray at First Class Auto Service.  I recently bought a higher milage SUV as a 3rd car to haul around stuff and do some 4x4.  I just wanted it check over and get the fluids changed.  Upon drop off he was nice laid back and just a down to earth guy - does things the old school way (which is good).  I had quite a bit of maintenance work done including a couple other things and was expecting a nice size bill; that was not the case.  VERY responible prices, I was in utter shock plus he did a full inspection.Read the reviews they maybe a couple negative experience but my recommendation is give First Class Auto a try and ask to speak to Ray.  If you  have a older and higher milage vehicle I know you will be happy with their services.
5	Ray is a great guy! Very fair rates. I'd the home work. ;) I HIGHLY recommend Ray & Todd to everyone I know!First Class Auto Service is a hidden little car repair gem! These guys are honest, and true to thier word. If they say it costs a certain amount, thats what it is. They are SUPER fast. I have been going to Ray since 2011, cause he way recommended for the alignment specialists, but they go above and beyond for customer satisfaction!
5	We've been coming here for years with all of our autos. Ray and the boys are as good as it gets. Always fast, friendly, and honest. My sister got quoted some ridiculous number at another shop so I took her car here and they fixed it for half the price and without all the fluff the other shop said needed done. I'll typically leave a few cold ones on the passenger side for them for when they're finished with their long days. They have my business for a lifetime, and i'll shun any family member that doesn't agree.
5	Ray has the BEST, HONEST PLACE AROUND. Seriously this guy bends over backwards. I have never been ripped off and they even ran the check engine light test for me, for free on numerous vehicles for work and private. One of my cars failed emissions. I was so upset, the guy at the place said it was the rim around the gas tank. I brought it over to Ray, (he wasn't there so Derek helped out, who is his right hand guy & also great) he ran the test and said its just a new gas cap, thats it. He said if I have to order that it will cost you a few more bucks, just go up to the Auto Store. It cost me $10 and went back and passed. Thank god I didnt bring it to some place and they screwed me replacing the whole rim or gas tank. LOVE LOVE LOVE them. I will never go elsewhere. I found Ray, because he was close to my work and I was bringing all my work cars there. After I found out how cool he is, we bring our family cars there now too. I have probably brought about 7 different cars there since 2009 and NEVER had a problem.He also works on higher end cars. The whole crew there is awesome! Thank you! Cons-- (for company) He is behind the new, giant, discount tire so its hard for off the beat people to see him.
5	I love this shop because of their honesty.  I've been coming to Ray for years and he has always treated me right. I recommend him to all of my friends.
5	I have been coming to First Class Auto for YEARS and  wouldn't go anywhere else! Ray (the owner -- he's always there) is HONEST, FAIRLY PRICED, and knows what he is doing. My entire family now uses Ray because of how great he is. It's hard to find a mechanic you can TRUST, and I've certainly found that at First Class Auto. Ray doesn't nickel and dime you, and only charges for what actually needs to be done, for a good price. I have saved so much money by using his shop for my car needs and I am so thankful. I can't tell you how many times I've brought in my car for something simple, like an oil change, and he'll replace my blinker bulb if its out, FOR FREE!! I have a BMW and if I took it anywhere else, they would charge almost $100 just for the labor on that! And Ray does it for free; doesn't even mention it... Amazing. That is the kind of guy who runs this shop. You've got to give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	I'm always a little skeptical taking my car to get work done, seeing as I am a girl who doesn't know squat about vehicles, but Ray did not make me feel uncomfortable at all. He was patient with me, informative and helpful. I've taken my car in on two occasions now - the first was to correct some alignment issues (for the low price of $62.. so cheap!) and the second was to figure out why my check engine light was on. Turned out I just needed a new gas cap which was also a quick, inexpensive fix. I would definitely feel comfortable taking my car to First Class Auto for any future problems, and recommend to others.
5	These guys are awesome!  First Class Auto was recommend to me after I got an outrageous quote from a "reputable" mechanic in N. Scottsdale.  Ray reassured me that my car did NOT need half the repairs that the other mechanic quoted.  He explained everything to me and made sure my car was taken care of.  I have since gone back to them for minor repairs/check ups (someone stole my Mercedes emblem and Ray replaced it for free!).  These guys are honest, hard working, and have an excellent work ethic!  I have already told all my friends to use First Class Auto!
5	If you haven't found a mechanic you trust you have to go and see Ray. This is where you can bring any type of car and b sure they will be honest and not try to rip you off  or pretend something is wrong with your car to make some $
5	My car AC was broken in June, IN ARIZONA! NOT FUNNY!Ray got it fixed within one day. Reasonable price, bottom line guaranteed. NO hassles , no rip-off. Recommend this place for anybody who want a major auto repair.
5	This place is 5 stars all the way! The people that work here go out of there way to make you feel comfortable. My dad always worked on my car growing up but since I moved out of state,  I had to find someone I trust. That's not easy to do! These guys made me feel like I wasn't being ripped off, which seems to happen a lot since I know nothing about cars. Such trust worthy people. I am so happy I found this place.
5	I could write a book about all the great work Ray and his crew have done for me.  I moved to AZ as a 21 year old with no family or friends in the area. A coworker recommended FCAS. Not knowing much about cars and having a junker car that was on its last leg, any mechanic could have ripped me off. FCAS did the opposite of that. They have consistently provided incredible service and it's cheap. No taking advantage of customers, no up selling. At one point I went to another mechanic while traveling who claimed to have fixed an issue for $800.  Ray and Derrick ended up having to fix it and Ray asked for the bill from the other mechanic so he could get my money back.!!! Ray is an honest man and all of his employees are wonderful people. Ray is a dying breed of great mechanic who does not take advantage of his customers. Go to Ray.
1	After reading the good reviews online, my Husband and I chose to take our car to First Class Auto to have a left wheel bearing replaced. We believed at the time a wheel bearing was not covered under warranty, so did not initially take it to the dealership.  We dropped the car off to Ray with no concerns and picked it up a few hours later after being told the bearing was replaced and we were all set. While driving away, the bearing noise was quieter, but I still felt something was off.  A week or so went by and the noise got louder again, similar to how it originally sounded before the bearing was "replaced."  We believed this was a different issue, so we brought it to the car dealership because if it is power train, it would be covered under warranty.  We did not tell the dealership about the wheel bearing, and they came back with the left wheel bearing & right oil boot as being defective.  I called Ray and explained it still sounds like the bearing is bad & that the dealership came to the same conclusion; he said to bring it back in, which we immediately did.  We brought the car to Ray on a Friday, but received a phone call from Ray Saturday that he has driven the car all around and cannot hear any noise and does not think anything is wrong with the car. My Husband and I drove with both Ray and his mechanic Paul who still denied anything is wrong.  We insisted he replace it, especially after the dealership mechanic also believing the bearing is bad.  Ray said he would wait until 3pm that day for the part to arrive (which I do not know why he didn't already order the part since we scheduled to bring the car in on Friday) and if it does not arrive before he leaves, he will call us to let us know so we can either pick the car up or leave it until Monday at his shop.  Ray never called, so now we are left without a car until Monday morning unexpectedly.We pick up the car Monday evening and Ray says he replaced it, but now believes it is not the left bearing, but the right bearing.  He said he has thought it was the right bearing all along.  By this point, Ray said he has replaced the left bearing 2 times.  My Husband and I decided at this point, we would just take it back to the dealership and see what they find.The dealership now finds both the left & right oil boots to be busted, the left hub now bent and the left bearing still bad.  We decided to just have them fix everything and be done with it.  The next day, we received a phone call from the dealership saying they proceeded to replace the left wheel bearing and found the "Original manufacturers bearing," meaning, Ray never replaced the left bearing with his after market part- TWICE.  We brought this information, paperwork and pictures directly back to Ray to show him the evidence and request a refund for the work he never did.  After much arguing and denial, he refunded us for the wheel bearing we initially paid for.  As for the 2 busted oil boots and bent hub, he denies having anything to do with that and would not pay for the damages.In the end, we felt we were not treated right, lied to and taken advantage of.  Never at anytime did we act out of line or melodramatic with Ray, considering the circumstances of our situation.  But I cannot say that Ray handled it well, it was very difficult to converse with him without Ray becoming defensive and upset with us, the CUSTOMERS.
5	I am so grateful to have found this place!! I took my Toyota Prius to the Toyota dealership to check out the "gravel cover" underneath the front bumper. When I was turned away and told I had to go to an auto-body shop, I remembered the great reviews I found on yelp about First Class Auto Service and called them immediately! I drove straight from the dealership and they took my car in right away! Not only did I have speedy service, but Ray and his team worked out a way to fix my car without having to pay the $316.00 to replace the part!!! On top of that, I had my oil changed for practically nothing! While I waited, I was also kindly entertained by Mr. Keith at the front desk:) I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone who needs quality service, fair prices, and a smile on their face! Thanks Ray & Co! I'll be back for a detail!
5	This really is the best place to bring your car in AZ!! I drive from North North North Scottsdale just so I can work with Ray! I have a Suburban with a 100K miles. Ray has let's know what to do to keep the car in top working condition. He lets you know what "can" be done on the car and what "needs" to be done. All of which is at a fair price. If you are in search for a mechanic you can trust and build a long term relationship with - you just found your shop!
5	There is nothing worse than unexpected car trouble and nothing better than knowing who to call when it happens. These guys are great. They know what they are doing and use quality parts.
5	They still are the best. At Rays suggestion, I ended up trading in my old cadillac with the north star engine. It started having all sorts of troubles. Ray would fix one thing and a month later another issue needed to be attended to. He was always fair with his pricing and made sure the job was done. Even if he went over his quote he'd honor that price. So it was with mixed emotion I took his advice. Here was this cash cow for him if he wanted. He could of kept taking my money to keep that beast in the rode and I would have happily paid. I honestly felt sad about getting a new warrantied car because I'd have to start going to the dealership for my maintenance and wouldn't be working with Ray. As it turns out I still need Ray on occasion and couldn't be happier to have him in my corner. Twice now I've had some minor issues that weren't covered by my warranty due to wear and tear because I now drive like an asshole with my new ride. Thanks for everything Ray you and your guys are the best!
4	These guys are straight up honest! I had an issue that turned out to fortunately be nothing serious. They took my car in, inspected  & tested it and didn't charge me a dime. I'm very impressed with these guys and if I need repairs in the future, I will definitely be coming here! Thanks guys!
5	Ray and Team offer stellar auto service and repair, and w customer service with honesty that is much appreciated.  They can offer the diagnostic and repair experience of a dealership, but with lower prices and a greater willingness to work with their customers over time, instead of trying to do unnecessary maintenance for extra cash  like the dealers do so often.  All things considered, "First Class" in their name is Spot On
