3	Have eaten here a couple of times and thought the hamburgers were good. Service was fine too
1	Wait and wait for sub-par food.  I've given this particular restaurant three chances.  Every time, the service seemed to be in slow-motion and food has never been good.  The last time I went, I decided to play it safe and order the burger.  It was cooked very well-done after asking for it medium.  The fries were soggy and the beer tasted like the taps are never cleaned.  How this place survives in a trendy neighborhood is beyond me.Try: Leaving and going somewhere elseAvoid:  Going in the first place
1	This was so bad... I ran in to the house to write this review! We went to the restaurant because of a promotion they were running for the High School .... NEVER AGAIN! I ordered the wings, which were okay. Not great. My wife ordered the burger, well done... it came to the table red. My other daughter ordered wings with Pub Chips. The wings were okay, but the pub chips were soggy and underdone. We would have pointed this out to the waitress... HAD WE SEEN HER! She came by a couple of times and I tried to get her attention, but she obviously was not terribly interested in checking on us. No drink refills... no checking with us. My wife asked to have the Burger removed from the check when we finally did catch her, since we were all done eating. She was less than personable after we requested the burger be removed. I can only assume that the people in this very trendy neighborhood simply don't want to leave the neighborhood to eat... I can't believe they are going to have a long term future given the food and service.
2	I went there today with my daughters for lunch.  I ordered the philly steak sandwich, which looked totally yummy in the menu picture.  What I received was anything but!  The menu picture showed a philly steak sandwich in a hoagie roll, overflowing with meat, cheese and peppers.  What is received was 2 halves of an open face roll with dried up crumbly beef, uncooked peppers and semi melted sliced cheese.  I requested curly fries....what I received was the dried up bits left in the fry basket.   The wasn't a curl on the whole plate.  The diet coke however, was good.My younger daughter wanted a pink lemonade.   The waitress informed her that they had regular lemonade or a raspberry limeade which she recommended.  My daughter opted for the limeade.  After waiting what seemed like forever to my daughter, she received a drink that was way too tart for a child to drink.  The waitress was nice though not very attentive, however, I was willing to overlook this given the lunch rush.  However, now that I've read other reviews, it would seem that this level of service in the norm.The manager came over and apologized for my sandwich, took the price of the sandwich and the limeade off my bill and gave me a $10 gift certificate to entice me to come back.  To be honest, after reading the other reviews, I don't think I will be back.  It seems as if they have seriously gone down in quality and service, which is rather a shame as we used to like this eatery.
2	This is another place that makes me wish that we could award half stars... I would give this place 2-1/2 stars, it is just not quite good enough to be in the 3 star range.Not a bad place to go have a beer and a burger... The atmosphere is that of a typical chain restaurant. There are tons of TV's lining the walls. The food is not bad, not great, but not bad. Nothing on the menu is great; the rueben is decent, and the burgers are ok; I would stay away from the fish and chips. They have about 6-7 taps of which a couple are craft, a couple are pseudo craft, and the rest are BMC. The servers were attentive and helpful, and the manager was making rounds, stopping by each table to ensure that everyone was happy with their meals.Overall, this is a decent place to stop and have a beer and a burger if you are in the area. If you are just looking for a beer and you are in Baxter Village, I would recommend Grapevine, as you will find a better selection of craft beer on tap.
5	When trying to decide on a great family place to eat I always choose Beef's!  It is a great place for kids with a great kids menu!  Also, the adult menu has such a huge selection that no matter who is in your party there will always be something for them to choose from and like!  Then for happy hour..I like to get together with my girlfriends and meet for a drink after work on occasion.  We choose beef's b/c of there drink specials and all the new drinks they have been adding!  Plus, the staff is very friendly and accommodating. I think the prices are much better than neighboring venues.  5 stars from me!
4	We have eaten here four times in last few months never had a wait of more than five minutes contrary to other posts. The wait staff have always been responsive and attentive. Wraps are good, the Reuben prepared as it should and burgers medium as required by stupid stupid state laws. Their curly fries are outstanding, so much so that they are the only fries I can eat without ketchup. I do recommend Beef o' Brady.
5	I really enjoy the friendly people at Beef O' Brady's!  It is nice to have a local place to just sit back and enjoy the music on the patio and beer selection!  I have a couple of favorites on the menu and will continue to go back over and over again!!
3	It is what it is.  Similar to Ruby Tuesdays or TGI Fridays but slightly more "sports bar" in environment.  It's generally fairly quick and consistent service.  Most of the food is typical Sysco food.  You won't leave saying "wow that was great" but not every meal is that way.  Sometimes you need a place that is fairly quick and a decent value and this fills that void - especially in Baxter where most of the other places are a bit more expensive.The salads and wraps are probably my favorite, along with the beer selection.
1	Terrible service. They left us standing at the door when the sign clearly said "wait to be seated." Finally the bartender asked us if we needed something..ummm, yeah, how about a table? Once we were FINALLY seated they flipped the sign to "seat yourself" then flipped it again before we left to "wait to be seated." Once we got a server the service was OK, but the food was terrible. Complete waste of $$. Each person in our party ordered something different and we all tried each others food and all of them were bland with zero taste. That is $40 I'll never see again in my life. This place may be good to watch the game and have a few beers, but don't plan on actually eating anything here.
3	Welp....if it had not been for the excellent waitress, I would not have given this place 3 stars.. Hannah was awesome, very friendly and attentive during our visit. But the food was just....MEH....I tried a grilled chicken wrap, which has grilled chicken, mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese and a side of ranch dressing. All wraps come with fries, they are shoe string very typical...nothing special. The food was bland in my opinion, nothing really stood out to me from the wrap, my friend ordered the chicken tenders they were hard and crunchy....which in this instance was not  good thing, because most of the tenders were left on the plate. I mean the food was good for what it was, nothing that makes me want to return any time soon.
1	Came here for dinner before heading to the Comedy Zone nearby and was SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED.  It was your typical bar food, re-heated from frozen pre-made stuff.  I got the steak nachos and they were nothing special.  The steak was dry.  Their "award-winning" wings were no better than any others I've ever had and on top of it we, we were seated at a table right next to the door that let the cold air in every time someone walked in and out.  We were freezing!  Our waitress was not good at all.  We had to ask three times for re-fills on our drinks and she was pretty much rude the whole time.  Like we were bothering her when we were ordering food.Needless to say, we will not be going back.  There are plenty of other restaurants nearby to pass this one up.
1	Fries are always stale. The ribs were unappetizing. I've eaten here before and the atmosphere is always great for families and sports. But the food has always been subpar.
2	I don't know why we keep going back.  Rarely do we really like the food.  Today had Philly Steak sandwich. Was so greasy and French fries were under cooked. Waited a very long time for food.  Chairs outside need to be replaced. Some of the chairs were almost layingdown because springs were broken.  These are outdoors chairs with a little recline and rocker.  Nice location.  Terrible food and service.
4	Went there after a meeting in Fort Mill and sat on the patio. It was busy but the service was great. we had some beers. They have a decent selection on tap. We ordered the appitizer sampler which was great but fried food usually is. ;)
5	I ate her for lunch with my girlfriend and I was full for the rest of the day !!! The helpings was great and the taste of the food was good. I had the cheeseburger slider appetizer and my girlfriend had the fish and chips and loved it. The waitress we had was very knowledgeable and friendly at the same time.Will be returning for a lighter plate :)
2	Overall not good. Run of the mill bar food that's half good if & when they change the fryer grease. Unfortunately that is not often enough. The service is mostly teenagers that have little if any clue what the value of good service is. Most have a false sense of entitlement around here. I hate to say it, but If it wasn't for the live entertainment on the weekends & multi tv coverage for sports this place should just give up.
1	No. Just no. I can't remember the last time I thought food at a restaurant was disgusting. This food isn't even "ok" - it was TERRIBLE. I don't mind chain restaurant food, the occasional unhealthy restaurant, but it the taste has to be worth it!!Buffalo chicken sandwich was horrible, on a stale bun. Taco quesidilla type of burger tasted like a frozen patty covered in an obscene amount of cheese. The fries were probably fried in 5 week old oil and had a strange taste. No seasoning. Should have known better than to try the "beignets" for dessert. Ugh. GrossI wouldn't eat here for free.
1	Terrible meal, terrible waitress. Nothing good to say about this place. Waitress dumped drink in my lap, forgot 1 out of 4 meals. Would never tell anyone about this place.
2	Well, I ate here and I didn't die... I can't say the same for my taste buds...Look, I'm going to keep it short and just say this: I've eaten here two times and both times, I have been disappointed... So has everyone else in my party...The service was really spotty... Sometimes, the server would be all over us, but it took like 20 minutes to get the check and we didn't see her at all that whole time... Anyway, the food... I got the chicken tenders and ribs app with fries and it was all meh... The ribs themselves were of a questionable quality to me, but the boyfriend tolerated them...  The tenders tasted mostly like breading...The next time, I tried a salad with a cup of soup... The salad managed to be bland, even with dressing... I don't know what happened... The soup tasted like Spaghettio's without the pasta... Just thick and really sweet...They have trivia on Tuesday nights, which is pretty fun, so give them a shot... It's a good time... Just eat dinner before you go... Please.
2	This is a sports bar with the basic menu you would expect from such offerings.  The fries are good, but everything else is just blah.  The biggest offense is that this sports bar has dated tvs that are losing their picture.
5	Wonderful place for lunch and casual dinner or evening snack!!   Daughter and I went here... AGAIN.. and love the place.  This time I had the special hot dogs and chili.  I am a chili snob and ost do't compare to the chili I make, but this was good stuff.  Daughter had the wings and we both had fries.  The menu is so all encompassing we had trouble deciding. The fish is god, the burgers are terrific.  Such variety.  Highly reommended.   Music at night!!!!
4	The service was good, always a big deal for us.  We wanted to do some customizing of what we picked from the menu and the waitress handled it fine, she even made some suggestions.   The food is mostly bar food and as bar food goes it was enjoyable.
2	We came here with a few colleges during lunch one day and I have to say I was not impressed. The service is painfully slow! other than that this is just an Irish themed sports bar with the basic menu offering and "OK" food. However the atmosphere is very authentic, being decorated to reflect a true Irish pub Establishment .
