4	Is it possible that I have two new businesses to report on in my beautiful neighborhood of Bloomfield??Saturday morning started out a bit unusually this week. I awoke to the sound of bagpipes blaring at about 8:50 AM. I know many people find bagpipes to be attractive, I would not be one of those people, however.Curious, i threw on some clothes and wandered toward the source of the racket , and lo-and-behold there was a farmers market starting up in the parking lot across from West Penn Hospital!I wandered in, as the bagpipes continued to squeak and groan, and checked out what was happening.  There were approximately 20 to 25 booths set up, or I should say getting set up.  It was tiny, but it was the first day, so I guess you have to temper expectations a bit.  My recollection of the booths was that there was a few produce stands, a butcher shop, (I think it was djs Butcher shop), the hummus stand, a couple of dessert places, a vegetarian empanada stand, Zekes coffee shop, and a few more.I bought a bag full of fresh produce, some cilantro mint hummus, a cookie, coffee, and an empanada. All in all, a great haul for the day.So happy to see this added to my neighborhood! Looking forward to it getting much larger and opening earlier than 9 o'clock (or at least on time!)!
5	I stop by this market on the weekend it was nice not to big !  We got some Leona's Ice Cream Sandwhiches!  You must try they are the best ice cream Sandwhiches !  We also got some farm fresh eggs from Kings Farm and some strawberries !
4	I stopped here to get some of Leona's Ice Cream sandwiches because I heard she had her cart here. Which by the way, if you haven't tried Leona's, DO IT ASAP. So so so so so so YUMMY. While I was there, I browsed the rest of the market and it was nice to see a wide variety of food vendors. There were plenty of fresh fruit and veggie options, as well as baked goods, wine, and other treats. I was also excited to see Freedom Farms had a stand so I could pick up a dozen of their eggs.
