5	Best knitting/weaving store in town, if not all of Wisconsin. Shelves of fabulous yarn in a wide variety of prices. This place takes up several rooms including a back room with a little coffee shop overlooking Monona Bay. They offer classes as well. I also recommend their Washington Island resort: http://www.thewashingtonhotel.com/They grow the wheat for Capital Brewery's Washington Island Wheat (I think). Our store hours*Monday & Wednesday: 10am - 8pmTuesday & Thursday: 10am - 6pmFriday & Saturday: 10am - 5pmSunday: 11am - 3pmLakeside Fibers is closed on Thanksgiving, Christmas & New Year's Day.http://www.lakesidefibers.com
5	Great local yarn store with lots of high-quality yarns of many different varieties.  The cafe in back is nice and cozy too.
5	The first two times (years ago) I went to Lakeside Fibers I was not impressed. (impressed with the yarn, yes) I went as a field trip in my undergraduate days with about 3-4 friends and we would spend hours pouring over the impressive yarn selection only to encounter rude sales people who would either ignore us or talk down to us.Flash forward to recently, when I was given a pattern I had no idea how to even start yet wanted to complete.  I went in and walked around, sort of thought I found the yarn, and then I had to ask for help.  What happened next was 3 experienced knitters who also worked there guided me through my selection and counseled me on whether I really needed to buy new needles. They were helpful, friendly, and extremely nice.  The moral of the story: ask for help here, the "may I help you's?" are never going to happen. With that being said, I've been to them all this is the best store for knitters within a 20 mile radius.
5	I am amending my review because the staff has warmed up a lot!  Changed from nearly rude to downright pleasant!  Yay for Lakeside because the yarn selection is awesome.Lakeside Fibers has got  fabulous yarn--lots of colors and soft things. here.  There are two and a half rooms of yarn to behold--from cashmere to cotton and everything in between.  It's worth a trip to see the yarn, but there are much better local yarn shops in the area.There is  a sweet little coffee shop in the back should you get overstimulated by the yarns and need a break.
4	Having heard several accounts of not-so-pleasant staff, I just had to come here and check it out for myself.  When I walked in I was greeted with the sight of lovely colors and huge quantities of yarn everywhere.I wandered around a bit looking at and touching a lot of the yarn and taking it all in.  When I spent a while at the cotton section a staff member came up and asked if I needed help with anything.  I told her I was just browsing and she went back to the front room.  I ended up buying a skein of cotton yarn and the same woman rang me up without any unpleasantness.I did not get a chance to try anything from the coffee shop in the back of the store but the staff back there looked friendly and the coffee smell was heavenly.Since this place is so close by I will definitely be going again for future yarn needs.
4	I am LOVING the new and improved Lakeside Fibers!!! The place is under new management, and they took time in July to remodel. The first thing that caught my eye upon walking through the front door was the "boatload" of yarn. So adorable!!! Instead of the yarn spanning back into the cafe, it is all in one space now. The woman that was working there was very friendly and helpful. I rushed in hoping that I could use my loyalty card before it expired, and I took a bit of a loss (instead of the $20 off, they gave me 20% off), but it was okay and well worth the visit. I will definitely be back.
3	Good selection and nice environment, but expensive. Also have a very strict return policy: 90 days for yarn.
4	The old management at Lakeside Fibers was rude and brusque. I have not knitted much in recent years and had been in a couple of times because I live near the store and it is really beautiful. With the old management I felt guilty even asking for what kind of yarn to buy for a particular pattern, and felt uncomfortable going in as a less skilled knitter. I learned to restrict my visits to admiring gazes at the front window. What a difference with the new management!! It is like night and day. The selection of yarns is as beautiful as the selection that originally tempted me-- perhaps even better. However when I stopped by with a friend who knits I was shocked to discover that the people who work at Lakeside Fibers are now friendly and helpful. I ended up immediately buying a pattern (with their help in selecting something "beginner friendly" and yarn. I felt welcomed rather than feeling like an intruder as a beginning knitter. I would now urge anyone who likes to look at beautiful yarn and  who has not visited the store to please go in, and check it out. I would also urge people who were put off by the old management to please give the store another chance. My guess is you will have a really great experience this time. The coffee shop in back is great too.
5	This little shop is so cute! Kathy was so helpful, and everyone (customers included) in the store was friendly too. Great selection of yarns, and the coffee shop in the back doesn't hurt either. I will definitely be spending a lot of time here!
2	Oh, Lakeside, what happened?This used to be my absolute favorite yarn shop in Madison. Then they got bought by the people who run The Knitting Tree (which was my least favorite as they were always rude and unhelpful). I recently visited Wisconsin to see my family and was super excited to get into Lakeside as I didn't have the chance at Christmas. I was so so so sad.The wall o'Cascade 220 is gone. ANY yarn in the coffeeshop room is gone. And what yarn was there was so sparingly spread out across the shop that it was just pathetic. The remodel job opens the space up a bit, but with an open space, it's even more obvious that the stock is so sadly low and it's nothing at all like the Lakeside of old. I miss sitting with my cheese sandwich and staring at the Cascade wall, plotting new projects. No one greeted me. No one asked if they could help. And when I headed for the door (after a few minutes of searching to see if the things I used to know I could get there still existed), no one even blinked to see if they could be of help.It's just pathetic now.
4	This is a sweet place. Yes the wall of cascade 200 is gone. darn. and mission falls isn't even sold anymore. The yarns are very nice. The coffee shop attached reallly makes the place a wonderful spot to meet knitting friends to shop and chat. It's a Madison treasure.
2	Having had a sad, sad experience last summer I returned to Lakeside this summer after I was back in Wisconsin. I drove their with a hope that it was a fluke when I visited a year ago. That the wall o'Cascade might be back. That the great couches and sales bins would return. That it would have life again!I was let down. It's even more picked over and empty-seeming than it was a year ago. The sales clerk was very polite and he showed me where certain "new" yarns were. I browsed. I thought "wow - that boat sure does do well to fill a pathetically empty shop" and I left.  I can't imagine a reason to return much. They seem to no longer have the vast selection of needles they used to carry. The different yarns they had that were hard to come by elsewhere are gone. Now it's just a sad, more open, version of The Knitting Tree. Clearly when it changed hands it just went to hell.It's really too bad, because this store was once quite great.
