5	Our original plan was to eat at Fat Burger on the strip, primarily so we could sit down and enjoy a couple of drinks... However our experience was not great so we decide to walk down the strip and see what else was available.  We came across Tropical Smoothie Cafe.. at this point the drinks was not as important as getting some food so we decided to go in...WOW... awesome customer service.... even  past eleven o'clock at night the two staff members were full of energy and ever so personable with everyone who walked in.  They were patient and making recommendations to customers. The place is small and not too many seats but the it was clean.My wife and I both ordered the Baja Chicken Toasted Flat-bread.  All the ingredients were fresh and and it tasted really good.  Delicious.   Highly recommend this.We did not order the Smoothies so I can't comment on them however we noticed a lot of people coming in for them. There seemed to be a few regulars as the staff  knew what they wanted immediately upon seeing them.Highly recommend this location thanks to the staff and good food.
3	I have been to many other Tropical Smoothie Cafes before and this is definitely a good one.My girlfriend and I came here to take a break from the immense heat, grab a wrap and a smoothie, then be back on our way. Unfortunately there was no AC and it was actually in the 90s inside the small place. They did not have a full menu so the normal wraps I was used to and loved, they did not make. We ended up grabbing a random smoothie and leaving to somewhere else to drink them and relax. The smoothies themselves were pretty good, and the people serving us were nice. But that doesn't fix the rest of the problems they were having and the small menu. If they fix these things I would rate it higher.
2	It's nice that they are open 24 hours. But this location does not take VIP stamp card - annoying! Also, because they automatic doors, it kept opening every time someone passed by. Would have not been annoying if it wasn't located on the strip. All I heard during my meal were loud and rowdy people and street performers.
3	OK, after seeing Jamie W.s photo of her smoothie all over her shoes (She dropped it) I became a TS holic! I seriously cannot stop! Whilst an 1.5hr break at work I decided to take a quick run to the strip and find this gem...... WRONG IDEA!This TS is mainly geared towards tourists and workers who are in that vicinty... not to morons like me who drive around for 15mins looking for it. If you park you can pay 5$ to the Harley Davidson place (Or sweet talk the dudebro, not saying I did, ok yes I did) or go park in BFE. Then take the escalator walk across the man playing his bag pip and walk down 4 flights of janky stairs. LOVE! the place itself is small and uncomfortable but clean. The cashier dude is also very nice, but they jack up the price 1$ fortunately for me I get a discount since I'm a casino worker.They have your run of the mill flavors and foodz, but I got the tropicolada, and it was AMAZEDICK. SOOO DELICIOUS! Seriously, I made up that other word in an ode to it! My friend for the mango magic and was very pleased as well!This place is good for tourists, but not the working stiff like myself! Its too much of a PINA... ahah. Great customer service though! So you might see me there again!
4	Good smoothie and Grilled Chix Pita.
5	I really like Tropical Smoothie!Not only is it a good quick bite to eat and drink, but the choices are much more healthy than your normal to-go spot, and prices are still reasonable!This specific location is a lot more convenient for me, since I work down the street, and it is easy to walk to on a lunch break.I've tried a little bit of everything here, and haven't been disappointed!  One of the only fast'er food joints/chains that I hit!Stop in to beat the heat walking on the strip with a mostly healthy smoothie!  LOL
3	convient, price efficient, but not too tastey as far as the wraps go. My husband really enjoyed his smoothie however. When in Vegas - go to the good restuarants, not the chains.
1	Love their smoothies, but at this location I think a monkey could make one better. My sunrise sunset was basically blended ice and turbinado. Will stay away from this one in the future.
4	Walking around on the strip on a Monday night, I got hungry around 1:30am, and the McDonald's next door had quite a long line for not really being my ideal late-night meal.The Tropical Smoothie Cafe, open 24 hours, had few people inside, and just one employee working. I decided to order a wrap for myself and a smoothie to share with my boyfriend, since with a food item, a smoothie becomes only $4. It seems like a lot, but 24 ounces of smoothie is quite a lot.I got the King Caesar wrap, with chicken, romaine, tomatoes, parmesan, and Caesar dressing. It had a lot of chicken in it and the chicken was toasty and warm. They didn't skimp on  the dressing either, and everything was pretty even (no bites of just lettuce).The smoothie was amazing! The consistency was great, think and not gritty. We got the Sunrise Sunset, which has strawberries, pineapple, mango, and orange. It was refreshing and delicious.It was a bit of a wait to order and to receive my wrap, but the place was quite busy for just one guy making everything and taking all orders on his own.
2	I work in Vegas so sometimes I just want something quick and healthy.  I love their wraps and usually like their smoothies but this time I was not impressed with my smoothie. The smoothie tasted like frozen sugar water.  They need to get to the healthy basics of fruits any nothing else.
4	Quick and refreshing pick me up! So delicious in the hot Vegas weather. The smoothies are way better than Jamba Juice and tastes a lot smoother. You can request for yogurt to make it sweeter or leave it out entirely. The mango magic was sweet, not sour like other places. Perfect blend. Sunny Day and Acai Berry Boost was also good. Their strawberry banana is a bit bland. If you don't want a smoothie, they also have wraps. Yummy! Definitely my go-to after a night on the town!I can see why this place gets packed. A star off for slow service.
4	When in Vegas, Tropical Smoothie Cafe is a must! My friend Anne took me here. I have never been on this side of Planet Hollywood.It's extremely hot, you're dehydrated, or hungover... Tropical Smoothie is refreshing! Sometimes, there's actually something other than alcohol that is good for you :P My favorite is the Sunrise Sunset. It was like liquid heaven... the best thing I drank all weekend.Maybe I'm getting old... but move over alcohol! I'm into all things healthy now. This includes fresh fruits, veggies, and juice! And to top it off, you can get Earl's and a smoothie at the SAME hotel! That's a win-win situation! Both places are open 24 hours... so you can get a smoothie at whatever time you're done partying.
5	Had the smoothie special of the day.  Paradise Point with strawberries, banana and pineapple.  My little guy loved it.  Will be back again for sure.
5	The peanut butter paradise is one of the best smoothies ever created I'm just saying don't stop at this place without getting one
2	The reason this even has 2 stars is because I actually enjoy eating at the others I've been to. The man at the register was completely rude  though. We were the only ones in here when we came in and I couldn't read the menu because I didn't have my glasses on and I asked what was in a smoothie and he pointed to the menu above his head and he said its on there. Well thanks dude. Luckily I don't live out here and will not be returning here if I ever do come back.
