4	Okay, so several months ago I posted that our vet, Dr. Mac, was a bit judgemental about that fact that I let my cats outside during the day. I thought about leaving his practice to find a provider who was a little more in line with my own beliefs, but never really got around to it.  I am glad I didn't, and now  I am here to eat humble pie.  In the time since then, not only have the cats done several thousand dollars worth of damage to themselves when they were playing outside, but Dr. Mac always cheerfully patched them up for me (even though he was right and I was wrong.)  In fairness, I should have changed my negative review months ago, and just forgot about it.  In the meantime, he has caught some difficult diagnoses and since he knows I am a nursing student, taken every opportunity to help me learn in the process. He has always been helpful and conservative in his treatment, and all this for a fair price.  As it happens, I am moving in few weeks and might need to find someone closer to the new digs, but this guy knows his stuff and my pets would have lost their lives (all nine of them) if it weren't for Dr. Mac.
1	This place is awful. We took our rescue dog here because of her foster mom had her spayed at this place. a few hours after picking her up from her foster home, to Freedom Animal Hospital after we noticed fluid leeking out of her belly. We are not sure what they did to her but after seeing her and taking her in the back they assured us that she was good. They told us to get some bandages, wrap her belly, and that there would be some leakage. We noticed, when we got her home, that the open wound was still there though this time minus any of the stitches. ( and didn't even bother to clean out wounded area at all ). They didn't even tell us what why kind of antibiotic med or shot was given. We started to get concern about her again and called the emergency Animal Medical Hospital where they told us that there definetly should not be this open wound and we needed to bring her in right away. She ended up needing surgery to clean up the wound and restitch her. We have her back now and she's doing great but no thanks to Feedom Animal Hospital which we will be sure to avoid.
5	Went in today for a kitty-cat laceration repair, and as usual, they were kind, remembered us, and were able to get us in.  My animals have always been diagnosed correctly, and come home clean and healthy.  I am so very grateful for Freedom Animal Clinic and its staff!
5	VERY good aviary vet! I took my single hood blue fronted amazon to get wings, nails and beak clipped. and they were very very nice. I will go back! the building is a older building but seemed clean enough as far as animal vets go that i have experienced in the past. they weighed my bird and took very good care of him. it is impossible not to stress birds during this type of proceedure. but my bird recovered soon and they seemed to understand that I did not want to be around while they did it so that my bird didnt hold a grudge against me, which he didnt! i will be back!
5	Very caring about my two pups.  I also found a stray and they took great care of her as well.  You can tell they really like helping animals.  Having different entrances for cats and dogs is nice, too!  Especially if you have a small dog and a Bully Mix comes in.  You can leave another way without stressing out big or small dog.Thanks Docs!
5	We have used Freedom Animal hospital for years!!! The vets and staff have always been great in providing services for our pets.  We use them for boarding as well.  Great place to take our cat and dog for routine or unplanned checkups!  The Sat hours is a real plus as well.
