4	A definite must on your list if you care how your clothes fit!  I have worked with many tailors over the years in cities and was having a difficult time finding quality seamstress's here in the Phoenix area that also had good rates.  Well I am glad to say I have found Smart Fit Alterations and they have been wonderful to work with.  The owner & staff are quite pleasant to work with and always have a smile on their face when you walk in.  Not only do they take care with their work, but they are open to ideas and are flexible with delivery dates and pricing-both of which are very important to me!  Keep this team in mind for more then just hemming and letting out of items.  The ladies have already "raised" V necklines that were a bit too low for the work day, taken up straps on dresses, removed pockets from pants that made me look "hippy" and even turned a one time trend of a bubble dress into a cute tunic for me!  Alot more then just alterations to be done here-if you have the idea they are willing and open to working with you- I simply can't say enough how pleased I have been to work with this locally owned shop.
4	TWO JERSEYS PERFECTLY ALTERED!Being a male and from New England, I had nowhere to start when I had ordered two jerseys online that didn't fit me. One was a hockey jersey from my defunct Worcester IceCats whose jersey felt like a XXXL when labeled as L and an ASU Basketball jersey that ran too long for comfort. I went to google and searched for good reviews for tailors and alterations.I called three stores and received firm answers stating "we don't alter jerseys". When I called Smart Fit Alterations I was given a confident "yes, we will assist". Upon arriving to the store I saw a wedding dress in the window, sucked up my masculinity, and knew I was placing my clothes in the hands of professionals. Within 10 minutes the jerseys were sized, money exchanged, and a wait of 10 days took place before my clothes were ready.I had read a review stating that their phone etiquette left something to be desired. A brash "Hello." with no business company tagline prompted my question on today's hours for MLK Day. Another brash "Yes." was met and I got into my car to receive my clothes.Upon arrival my clothes were given back to me clean in plastic and altered to perfection. My XXXL jersey fit like any hockey jersey should and a shortened length to my basketball jersey were both perfectly altered. Although the phone skills leave much to be desired, you can not take away from these ladies (yes, two women run the business) on their alteration skills.TWO THUMBS UP! $34 + $14 = $48 saved my jerseys and I will be sure to have my shirts tailored by Smart Fit in the future as well.
1	I took a very expensive Zegna men's suit there to have the sleeves shortened.  I picked it up and when I got it back home, I noticed that all they did was fold the material under and stitch it.  So, it's very heavy around the cuffs, and they do not look right.  It is a very amateur job, and frankly I could have done better myself.  And, they charged me $25 to do this.  I won't be taking it back to have them fix it because if they don't even have enough sense to know how a men's suit cuff should look, I don't want them touching my suit. i have had a lot of suits altered over they years, and this is the worst job I have ever seen.  They are either extremely lazy, or just don't have a clue how to alter clothes.
5	I will say that this is my first tailoring experience... but I must say, I love this place. I have now had four pairs of jeans taken in at the waist and legs. Honestly because of this lady, I now buy my jeans a size too big and add $20 onto their price tag because I know I will want them altered to fit ME.It's astonishing how wonderful she is at tailoring your clothes. One of the jeans I brought in had to be roughly 2 sizes too big. She fitted them to me and then when I went to pick them up the next week, I still wasn't 100% happy with the fit. She said she would re-alter them at no extra cost. I am sure this is standard procedure in the business, but she was quite wonderful about the whole thing. I was going to leave without trying them on, but she encouraged me to try each pair on so she could see the fit as well. To get my jeans taken in at the waist, it is a flat rate of $20. To get my legs taken in, it is again a flat rate of $20. To have the hem taken up or down, it is usually $10.It is always around a week turnover time; I have brought in 3 items at a time and at a different time 1 item, and both took a week.This all being said, I dig the flat rates. If I bring in jeans with a small alteration or I bring in a pair 2 sizes too big, I am grateful to know what I am going to pay, always. There is no funny business with her. She is straightforward and cares about her customers. As I said, I now buy jeans with the expectation that she will tailor them. I wouldn't be happy with the look of my clothing otherwise.
5	I won't say I'm short but I find that a lot of pants I buy are too long. I have taken several pairs of pants here and have always been satisfied. I have had both jeans and dress pants done here and been pleased with both. For $10 you can't beat it.
1	I got my wedding dress altered here. It was off the rack and a few sizes too big, so there was a decent amount of work to do on it.. She didn't really listen to what I wanted. There was a part that was folded over on the side and it did not lay right, it stuck out quite a bit. She told me that if I ironed it down that it would be fine. I tried ironing it down, but it still stuck out just as much. I ended up going somewhere else to have this fixed. The other thing that I voiced that she did not listed to was there was a piece of satin that wrapped around my waist on the outside of the dress. It laid pretty loosely and was not flattering at all, so I asked her to take it in so that it was tight around my body. She just kept saying "no, that is how the dress is supposed to be" But that is not what I wanted! I ended up going somewhere else to get that fixed as well.  I also needed the waist taken in, which turned out okay, but the neckline on one side was a little uneven. Luckily I had my hair swept to one side for the wedding so you couldn't see it in the pictures. She hemmed the bottom of the dress. The times that I tried it on I didn't really think about that I was lifting it up in front to walk, I kind of just did it instinctively. When it came time to walk down the aisle, I realized when I didn't have a hand free to pick up the front it was too long! This is partly my own fault since I didn't think to make sure I could walk okay without pulling it up earlier, but was still disappointing. I was able to sort of kick it up while I walked so I didn't fall. Lastly, she did a bustle in the back of the dress. It was basically a button held up with a few pieces of thread. Again, I probably should have realized when I got the dress that this wouldn't hold up, but it just didn't cross my mind. As soon as my coordinator saw it she was worried that it wouldn't hold. Sure enough, about twenty minutes into the reception the bustle thread broke and a few of the girls had to figure out how to hold it up with safety pins. I'm really not very hard to please and I understand when certain things happen, but this experience was really disappointing all around.
5	I have been going here for a few years now. Everyone who works there is really nice and patient. Everything I have had altered has turned out perfectly how I wanted, and I am pretty picky! I have also used their dry cleaning service. I had a very expensive dress that another cleaner could not remove a stain from, but they were able to clean it here!
5	I have had a few things tailored at this location. I have always received superior customer service and timely delivery. I even had to get some shirts retailored in a pinch and the owner was able to fit me in!
1	This lady tried to overcharge me to get a dress altered $110. When she called to tell me the price I asked if she could do any better than that and she said no so I drove all the way to the shop to pick up my dress... When I got there then she wanted to negotiate and offered to do it for $90. I got my dress altered for $85 at seams to be alterations instead.. Nice ladies, honest prices.
5	I purchased a new suit and needed some alterations done. I've driven by this place many times and decided to give it a shot. The lady that helped me (I didn't catch her name) was very friendly and professional. It took a little over a week for the alterations to be done. Seems a bit long, but I dropped it off the week of Thanksgiving, so we'll chalk it up to that. $45 to have the pants hemmed and the sides of the jacket taken in a bit. Not bad at all. They did an outstanding job. I'll definitely come back here for all of my alteration needs.
2	Smart Fit Alterations could be the best alterations place on the planet, I will never know. I have been here twice and both times the front lady is far from friendly. She looks at you as if you took a crap in the trash can and there is nothing but content in the tone she addresses you. Then again, it could just be that she hates me - what do I know. - First time. I asked if they could take my measurements, because I needed them. I even had a printout of the measurements that I needed, even if someone in the business "sure would know what was needed for a suit", right?! Well, the lady didn't. She charged me $10 for a really shitty job and I didn't even get the measurements that I needed, nor was the ones she measured correct. I walked out and literally asked myself wtf just happened?- Second and possibly last time. Why did I go back? I had no choice, I was in a time crunch and I needed a couple of pants hemmed. They did a good job, but the lady was less than friendly as usual so I feel that might have been the last time. I mean if I come back and I have another bad experience, then that is my own damn fault.Again, the hemmed pants came out nicely.. but then again, I don't want to feel uneasy doing business. I don't need a caffeine-hyped Starbucks girls greeting (you know what I mean), but I don't need those 'lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes' staring at me injecting guilt, capish?
5	Friendly staff. Brought in some suits and pants to be tailored and hemmed. Really quick and easy.Don't forget to bring your dress shoes to measure how the pants will fall. My only concern is that it does take a week to hem a pair of pants, but they do offer hemming cheaper than other places. Other than that, it was a great experience.
3	Smart Fit Alterations is a great, budget friendly option for all of your tailoring needs. I'm willing to drive out of my way from Phoenix to go to Smart Fit because I can count on a good alteration job, short turn around time (usually 1 week), and affordable prices. I've had several pairs of jeans and dress pants hemmed here and been quite satisfied with the workmanship. The price for a regular hem is $10, which is hard to find anywhere else. It's only slightly more expensive if you want to keep the "original hem" ($16), but this involves folding over the fabric and sewing right above the original hem which isn't quite the look that I like. The staff aren't always the most friendly, but I'm guessing that this is part a cultural difference and not any desire to be rude. For example, I asked for an itemized receipt before paying for my alterations and rather than walking me through all of the charges, the owner just said that I'd receive a receipt in my inbox - no further explanation was provided. Unfortunately, these encounters do detract slightly from the experience which is why I can't go a full 4-stars.
5	I was very pleased with the service provided on a Maid of Honor dress for my daughter. We dropped it off on Tuesday and it was ready by Thursday. The work was spot-on. I real seamstress. I love this place and plan on taking in pants, jackets and who knows what eles. But, this is the place for me. I love the 6pm closing time during the week and Saturday hours. It's made for the working professional.
