5	I have been coming to Randall's since I was a little girl.  I am 40 now and I have been out of state forn17 years. This past summer I moved back to Pittsburgh and I have taken my three kids there several times.Nothing has changed about it, which is a good thing.  The store carries all kinds of toys and some gifts too.  The best thing about it is that the things they carry are different, unusual and so much better than the "big box" toy stores.  There are three floors of toys. The third floor has an excellent selection of good quality dolls. Sometimes you have to ask an employee to go up there, since it is not always open there.  The second floor has real Lionel trains, as well as some other brands of trains.  Also on the second floor they have Legos, puzzles, art and craft stuff, and a huge selection of Playmobil among other stuff.  The first floor has a room with stuffed animals, a huge selection of Matroushka dolls, Nutcrackers, Santas.  Another area has Dept. 66 villages, etc. etc. etc.  There is too much to list!I encourage everyone, young or old to enter SW Randall downtown.  You'll step into a store that carries all the dreams of childhood.  It is important to support small, local businesses, especially those downtown. Skip Toys R Us and you won't be disappointed.
5	This is the most unique and awsesome store I have ever set foot it! A true gem in the city of Pittsburgh! The staff is always friendly and helpful! They really know their products inside and out! I will never go to a different toy store again!
5	This place is pretty awesome! You can find so many great things here. There are many floors filled with unique toys, games, dolls ect. Even if you don't have to purchase a gift soon, stop in just to check it out!
5	This toy store is very unique and the shop keeps are so charming and helpful. They greet you intimately and genuinely with a warmth and sincerity that has been unmatched from chain stores. This store is magical and I am so thankful to have it Downtown.  It is truly a special place.  I really wish there were more special occasions that I could celebrate just so I had an excuse to spend more time at S.W Randalls.  Every inch of this store is covered in wonderment.  My latest purchase was beautiful heart pendent that catches the light and sparkles like diamond. It was marked down and only cost me about $30.00.  If you were to see this necklace you would think it cost $200.00 or more.  I really do cherish my pendant.  S.W Randalls for the longest time they have had a running sale where all their jewelry is 40%.  Shopping at S.W Randalls is a real treat for me.
5	Amazing, 3 floors of unusual, vintage collectible toys. One of the most interesting stores i have ever visited.
5	Fancy a little time travel? Visit S.W. Randall where the staff and products feel as though they're from an era long past.  I was shopping today for a book of paper dolls, and though the doll floor is closed in the summer (too hot), one of Randall's faithful associates took me up on an elevator straight out of Gatsby, complete with a crystal chandelier.  That in itself was worth the trip, but so was the book of paper dolls that I purchased for  a mere 4 bucks (pretty sure it's worth more like 40).  Someday I'd like to spend an entire day just perusing the shelves and shelves of new and vintage toys.  Not only do they have every toy imaginable, but every game too.  So attention board-gamers, this is a shop worth visiting.  In my opinion, the downtown location is twice as nice as the Shadyside locale, but to each their own.  Randall's is always a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of downtown during lunch, and I can't wait to return...probably tomorrow.
