5	this place has saved my butt more times than i can count. i often start projects that i think i can do and then run into show stopping issues. my husband loves this about me, really he does.  yesterday, for instance, i realized the standing water under my kitchen sink was caused by a leaky garbage disposal. so i bought a new one at the home depot and trotted home to install it. i opened the box and realized the fittings weren't the same as my current disposal. called home depot (they're on speed dial on my blackberry) and explained the situation. staffer told me to head back up there and he'd have the part waiting for me. sure enough, i arrive 20 minutes after my phone call and the garbage disposal expert is waiting for me in the garbage disposal aisle with the part i needed and a few helpful hints on how to install the beastly disposal. 3 hours later i had a brand-spanking new garbage disposal installed, a VERY impressed husband and quite a sense of personal satisfaction - i completed my first plumbing project thanks to the home depot!
4	This has to be one of the "better" Home Depot's to shop at in the Phoenix market.  This big orange home supply store has almost everything you need for those weekend "honey due" projects. It's in a great location that's easy to find.  The inside is very clean and well organized as far as Home Depot's go.  This location is not as busy as the other Home Depot's due to it's location yet they offer all the same product selections and seem to be always be in stock with the things other Home Depot's may run out of.  Their paint, wood, plumbing, appliances and out door areas are top notch and staffed with knowledgeable experts.  Can't say the same about their lighting, electrical and power tools which is keeping them from getting 5 stars.The next time you need supplies for your home repairs, this is the place to shop!
5	Everyone's extremely nice. Especially Gina in the paint department. Total sweetheart
4	This place is always empty. What does that mean? Ill tell you. It means there are plenty of non overworked friendly people to help you out!!
4	I'm a single girl and I felt completely comfortable with the guy who rented me a truck.  He was a young kid and very gung-ho about his job.  Completely honest with what I needed to know so that was refreshing.  Overall though everyone at Home Depots always seem willing to help out.
5	Great Store with great employees Like Debbie C. She knows her products and is very helpful, thank you Debbie.
