4	We avoided this place, for the first few months after it opened, just because it is hard to make a left out of the plaza that it sits in. Mistake! I really like the NY style pizza (by NY style, I mean crust is neither really thin nor really thick, really tasty sauce use sparingly, and lots of cheese), and just love their wings - nice and vinegary, with as much heat as I want or don't want. The service is always pretty fast, the restaurant is spanking clean, and there are big, flat panels hung around the place... and there's always a game on. They were running good pitcher specials, whenever the Suns played. I've not had their Sicilian style, sandwiches or pasta dishes, but from watching other patrons enjoy them, they must be good! The most expensive item is NY style steak pizza or a specialty Sicilian, around $18, and a pitcher of beer is about $7-8. Wings run about $6 (10 piece) to $15 (30), and they do have an everyday special - the usual large pizza and 20 wings for under $20. I recommend this place, for the locals. Time to dump Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Papa John's... this is a local business that is worth supporting!
5	Again, I gotta hype the (good) local shops and this is as local as it gets as it's within biking distance. I started coming into Mario's right after they opened and haven't been disappointed yet. Whether you order a whole pie or by the slice, their pizza kicks ass. Like most pizzerias, they give you more bang for your buck and are usually cheaper than most places that deliver. Every time I've been there, Mario is behind the counter and always greets me. I get the feeling that members of his family work there as well including his wife.Bottom line: Mario's is my first choice for pizza because of quality, price, location, and the people who run it.
5	I hate to write this review--I don't want anyone else to know how good this place is, because then I might have to wait longer for my order!I love pizza, which is odd, since I've worked in pizza restaurants for over 15 years, off and on. The pizza I love more than any other? Mario's! Mario's pizza starts with a crust that's excellent. it's never over-worked, too sweet or too yeasty. It's a perfect, chewy, crunchy base. The meats on Mario's pizzas are excellent. I've never had a better all-meat pizza! And there's just enough gooey cheese to hold it all together. My suggestion is you ask for a side of the marinara to smother your crusts in. There are chunks of tomato, subtle spices--not too sweet and not too spicy--and I'll fight anyone for the last bit in the bowl. The best part about Mario's is the feeling you get when you're there. The staff is friendly, welcoming and just flat-out nice. I usually don't put tips in the tip jar when I just get a carry out meal, but I always do at Mario's. That's the kind of place it is. Give Mario's a try...and then add the number to your speed dial list. It's just that good.
4	Top notch NY style pizza.   One of the best in El Mirage / Surprise.  I'm alway greeted with a smile when I order my pie. The wings are ok, but could be better.  I also can say this is one of the cleanest places you can eat!  Please give these guys a try!
4	This is a very tasty little local pizza shop. The NY style pizza which I had today was about as good as any I have had. I have not had a chance to try the Sicilian yet but I will defiantly be stopping by Mario's again.The atmosphere is perfect for a NY pizza joint. Not too high class but not a hole in the wall either just right. Also there are several flat screen TVs angled perfectly so that no matter where you sit or which side of the table you are on you can watch "the game" or whatever.The service was excellent. The food arrived quickly, was hot and the server was very polite.The only reason Mario's is getting a four instead of a five is some of the soda options were flat. It is not a huge deal for me because it happens all the time but to get a perfect score they would have to be perfect.
4	Mario's is still great but still only getting 4/5 because -Soda: Still iffy on the carbonationSicilian: Not the best I have ever hadJal O Peno Popers: Are FANTASTICThe NY style pizza is still in my top 2 of all time so do not pass Mario's by just because of a couple short comings.
5	Not only is their pizza absolutely awesome... Mario's now DELIVERS!!!I have to give them props because their delivery area is HUGE! Their menu shows they deliver from 107thave to Reems and from Bell to Olive. That's a much bigger area than the "NY" restaurant in Surprise (which I also love but they don't deliver - sorry guys... Mario's gets my business from now on)I usually order the large pizza and wings special. Large is a good description - they can hardly close the box the pizza is so big! The whole pizza is well made and tastes spectacular. I do like their wings too although can be hit or miss with how crispy they turn out. Word to the wise: I love spicy food and can generally tolerate a fair amount of heat, but their medium wing sauce is sometimes a bit to hot to be called medium. Don't get me wrong though, it is still delish and full of flavor.I have dined in on occasion and their restaurant is very clean and has a ton of tv's tuned to sports. A couple of beers on tap as well as some bottled. Can this chick say "Awesome. Beer, pizza and sports. Does it get much better?"
3	They deliver, so I had to give 'em a try :)It was actually difficult finding their on-line menu or website, so I called them to ask for it. (http://mariospizzeria.weebly.com)They don't have small pizzas, but they do sell pizza by the slice. I ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza & a small order of hot wings. The pizza was ok. The wings were small, but they were decent. Neither was anything I could really rave about. The delivery time was 1 1/2 hours. They did tell me ahead of time that they couldn't get it to me before then. I agreed because I wanted to see if it was all that & a bag of chips. Not all that & no chips :(
5	Just had pizza and wings...excellent for both...delivered hot and quick on a friday night...we will be ordering from there again
5	I am frm cali but have a vaca home in surprise for spring training. I was one of Mario's first customers. not only is it the "best pizza" I ever ate? I don't even eat pizza in Cali anymore because "nothing" compares to his pizza. the greasy pepperoni is bomb and iIalways order my wings x-tra crispy & extra spicy. He even holds a bottle of habanero sauce just for us when we come into town to spice up our wings. His tap beer is kicked up cold glasses always frozen and I can watch any sports channel I want! his kind presence along with his wife & brother Aldo & his wife make it a pleasure each time we roll into town! I def. give them 2 thumbs up and 5 stars. If you say otherwise you just don't know a good pizza when you've had one. All our family & friends look forward to it during spring training. If we are there a wk we eat there at least 4 times. Mario's is bombay!!! Best pizza anywhere!!!!!!!!!!
5	I was visiting my house here in Surprise this week from Washington, DC.  Found this place on Yelp, and I am very impressed with the service and especially the pizza.  I have been looking for a great place to go that was near my house and this is the place.
5	I don't write a whole lot of reviews, but we eat Mario's on a regular basis and love it.  We moved close by about a year ago, but have been eating at Mario's since my husband started working nearby about 3 years ago.  The pizza is delicious, though we've never had the wings.  The lasagna is fantastic when I'm not craving pizza.  They serve their pizza by the slice which made it a favorite lunch hour spot for my husband. After they started delivering, we started ordering at least 2-3 times a month! Love this place.  Great service, fast delivery (though we do live less than 2 miles away), and great food!!
5	Quick service, great prices, yummy food!
4	Since we live right near here we finally broke down and ordered from here.  Pretty good pizza.  I appreciated that it was NY style.  Delivery went good.  Pizza was tasty, and probably worth a repeat!I also stopped in one day when coming home from the gym and got a sandwich to go.  Pretty good stuff as well.  Noticed that they had plenty of tables and dining room for a night out.  Glad we have you El Mirage Mario's!
5	Pizza is my MOST favorite fast food. Yeah, I know that I should not boast, but, if you want an honest review of this genre, read on!My love of pizza began in Astoria, NY at the foot of the Tri-Borough Bridge when I discovered this tasty treat at The Pine Tree Tavern.( at the tender age of FOUR ! ). Yes, fellow dough-boys and girls, the romance started at this moment of first bite. Through the years in NYC, and later Chicago (boy did I think their pizza was WEIRD with cracker crust or thick enough to bust a gut and tomato sauce on TOP to boot ?) I learned and embraced the diversity of regional delights!I STILL favor the thin, chewy, crisp crust of NY style pizza !You want it ?You have it right in the Surprise/ El Mirage area !Updated on 4//12012I still go here regularly and it's still EXCELLENT!Couldn't believe that they took my great review down because it was questionable???Original ReviewAfter relocating to Surprise 4 years ago, my quest to locate my 'pie of choice' began. I tried 'Streets Of NY' ( a step above soggy Dominos); 'NYPD' (OK in a pinch); 'Rosati's' ( not bad Chicago thin or thick but too $$ for what you get); Barros, Pizza Hut, Dominos, (in the same league as Costco.....Ech!); I then discovered 'Lucky's' and 'Famous Ray's' much, much better! Our area began to sprout new businesses and I discovered MARIO's hidden behind the El Mirage WAL-MART at the intersection of  W Waddell/Thunderbird and Dysart.I have been on board at MARIO's literally since day ONE and continue to follow the trail of pizza crumbs back to their lair at least weekly.This is a family operated business and they make you feel at home. This is one of the ways that it sets itself apart from other pizza places. The atmosphere is basic with Phoenix sports decor with 4 flat screens and the counter to order. Plenty of tables are available with pleasant a family service staff to take your orders table-side.The food is the real STAR !!NY thin crust PIZZA with the right balance of crispy, CHEWY goodness.Pseudo Pizza snobs need not apply, there are no caramelized anythings, not a marinated trendy veggie in sight!!! No sun-dried SQUAT!..... Only excellent crust, tasty sauce, real cheese and all the traditional toppings in perfect balanceTheir other offerings,  the hero sandwiches, hot dinner plates, pastas are basic QUALITY pizzeria fare.They offer draft and bottled beer, and soft drinks.WINGs were never my thing. The guests who sampled them in my presence were quite satisfied.OH! Their Sicilian PIZZA is also EXEMPLARY !Treat the family VISIT MARIO's, I gar-on-tee you'll satisfy your NYC Pizza 'Jones'.
3	There pizza is very delicious but there delivery is not the best. We waited over an hour and the pizza was cold. They called us 3 times for our address and we live right down the street. I would go there again though since the food was very good just next time maybe go pick it up.
1	Pizza is okay NOT THE BEST ..very rude ppl asked for a slice ..they didnt have a slice i had to buy a whole pizza..should consider taking the slices of the menu it happend one time now a second time!! Will never go bak here again!!
4	I'm from NY, Mario is from NY. Pizza is really good but this weekend when I went with my family I decided to change it up and ordered a hot chicken parm hero. It took me back man, circa 1987 in Manhattan working a late night. One of the best pizza joints in the Phoenix area. If you don't like them, eh, go somewhere else. LOL.
4	I love love love Mario's!I've only ever had pizza and wings (and beer of course) but delivery or dine in, it's great! The crust on the pizza is perfect and they have great deals, too. The owner (Mario) is pretty much always there and he's a nice, friendly guy. I would have given 5 stars, but last time we ordered wings they were TINY! I was super disappointed because I love their wings so much and usually they are a pretty good size.All in all, this is my favorite pizza place. Forget Pizza Hut and Dominos!
3	The pizza is good but not worthy of the high praise it get's here.  As a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur, owner and operator of several pizza places, I'd have to say that it is above average and good but in no way reminds me of NY style.  We ordered their version of a Supreme pizza and wings.  The pizza had a lot of water on it which is usually a sign that the vegetables are fresh but the mushrooms tasted like they were 100% from a can.  All in all it was good pizza but not 5 star NY style as I was kind of hoping for after reading what other Yelpers said.  The wings were very good but tasted a little less than fresh.  If they changed mushrooms, and the wings were a bit fresher 4 stars would be a possibility
5	We ate at Mario's for lunch and loved it!! We had a large cheese pizza with black olives and an order of wings, YUMMY. We are so glad we finally gave this pizza place a try. We wont order pizza anywhere, but at Marios. The pizza was hot and fresh,the crust perfect. The wings were good too. Cant wait to try other items on the menu.
3	Checked Yelp for highly rated restaurants and Mario's caught my eye. We went in for dinner with my dad and ordered a greek salad, and 1/2 & 1/2 of cheese and combo pizza. The cheese pizza was pretty good, but I didn't care for the combo too much. The salad was average. We also ordered 20 buffalo wings which I scarfed down; they were pretty good.I wouldn't say it was service with a smile. Before I went back I'd try the other pizza joints in the area.
4	Decent pizza.  Not my favorite, but we order it every once in a while. The staff is very friendly though, so that kicks it up to 4-stars.
2	Super watered down wing sauce leaves it with no taste. Asked for extra sauce on pizza didn't get it. Other than those issues pizza is ok.
5	Perfect crispy crust. Prefect cheese to sauce ratio. How pizza should be. No frills customer service but my needs were more than met. I can't wait to come back!
5	Wanna get that NY feeling with awesome pie & sandwiches on the west side....drop in at Mario's!! Good atmosphere and very relaxing, plenty of beers and even some cheesecake!
3	I live near here and have come around a few times for dinner. Overall, the pizza quality is great! Really great tasting pizza here in that New York style. The wings are decent, but aren't anything to brag about. However, no complaints there. The inside of the restaurant is in need of a makeover. The inside has that "run down" feeling to it. Some of the chairs and tables need replaced/fixed. Additionally, the people at the counter aren't exactly the nicest. Every time I've been here, it's usually, "What can I get you?" I can't say I have ever made small talk with the counter help, which is rare given my outgoing nature. This usually leads to that awkward meal where you and a few friends eat, but feel uneasy about staying in the restaurant. All-in-all: The food is great and is what will make you return; the price is above average (think Papa John's pricing); and the counter help could use a personality change.
5	Loved the pizza, the atmosphere, and the staff were extremely friendly. We will definitely make this our family spit for pizza
4	I love the pizza and they give you pretty good size portions for what you pay for the wings are also real good and we order from them all the time
4	void review
2	I'm an out of towner so maybe I'm used to a different kind of pizza.  I use Yelp almost exclusively to decide on the fly what to order and more importantly where to order when I'm out of town, so there is an element of trust that I've grown used to .  I was visiting relatives in the El Mirage area and they live here 2-3 months out of the year and they said Mario's was good based on word of mouth from their friends. Seemed like a slam dunk to phone in an order, pick it up and be grubbing shortly thereafter.  Service was great during pickup. The pizzas was some of the worst we've had when we got home. There was no delay in eating them. The pizzas lacked proper amounts of toppings, had limp crust and generally didn't look good.  I usually leave good reviews on Yelp as I'd rather say good then bad but this pizza just isn't recommended.
5	Best pizza I have ever tasted in my life!
5	I love their pizza. It's flavorful with a crisp crust. The staff is friendly and service is fast. I also love the hot sandwiches. Prices are decent and they deliver too!
5	as local pizza goes this place kicks the pants off of chain pizza places.  yea the decor is dated and the place doesn't impress visually, but last i checked pizza should taste good!  i love their crust, their sauce, their cheese, and the way their pizza reminds me of east coast yumminess!  the staff isn't the chattiest staff, but they make your food fast and bring it to your table.  they are polite and that's all that matters to me.  i don't want chit chat.  i want to stuff my face with your greasy delicious pizza!the pizza is so good my 13 yr old will actually offer to buy the whole family dinner with his saved money if i take them to marios.  when a 13 yr old will part with cash just so he can eat pizza you know it's good!the wings are decent, the pizza is great with generous toppings, and the sandwiches are yummy too.  the kids love the french fries, but i don't think you can mess up fries :P
3	How about changing the website so you can read the menu. What's the deal with the scrolling pages? You don't have time to read. It's like trying to hit a constantly moving target
5	I love this place! This place takes me back to the east coast by far the best thin NY style pizza I've had in Surprise. The owners are great people and always welcoming.
1	Just moved to the area and we looked up the highest rated pizza place near us to get a pizza delivered. This was a terrible idea. The pizza got here quickly but that is the last good thing I can say. We got the Mario's House Pizza but were really disappointed by the toppings. The crust is nice but canned mushrooms? That is nasty! The sausage is shaved so thin you can see through it and the sauce is just bland as can be. I have only thrown out one pizza in my life until this. Now it's two. If this is the best pizza around then we may be in trouble.The fried zucchini was pretty good I have to say. Not much of a meal after a long day of moving but it's always nice to end a review with something nice to say.
