5	I've been coming to this Goodyear Tire & Service Center regularly since 2006 when I moved to Arizona and got our first car here. Mike Thornhill is the manager, and he has turned out to be one of the very few auto repair professionals I have ever trusted. From my very first experience, he was honest, and even helped me to save more than a few bucks on some repairs. Since then, I have never missed an oil change, and every time my P.O.S. Volkswagen has an issue, Mike and his staff have surpassed my expectations. And my bill is always less than what they quote me (always a bonus!). They are very timely, my oil changes don't take very long, and I can usually bring a book or magazine while I wait. Before I get too comfortable, it's already time to go.  Their sales are pretty good, and I'm always getting coupons in the mail just in time for my next oil change, so I've never paid full price for an oil change if I can remember to bring my coupon. I just got four new tires today ($120 tires for $61 a piece on sale). What's more, they have good relationships with area service centers that specialize in VW, so when I've needed something specific (usually electrical crap requiring the super-secret-proprietary VW computer), they have never steered me wrong with their referrals. Honesty and integrity are right up there with "knowing your shit" as a mechanic, and MIke and his staff wear these qualities on their sleeve. But customer service is the cherry on top. Mike, or one of his technicians has on more than one occasion picked me up or given me a ride when I've had to leave my car behind, and in one instance even helped me get a good deal on a rental.Now you're probably thinking, "Ivonne just get rid of the VW. Sounds like you have too good a relationship with your mechanic."And you'd be right. I hate my car, and I can't wait to replace it. It's not their fault that I ended up with a car that has chronic electrical tantrums, and I've learned my lesson for the next time I buy a car (don't buy a VW). But until I can get a new car, I can continue to cruise smoothly and safely down the streets of PHX thanks to Mike and the rest of the guys (and girl) at Goodyear in Mesa.
5	I went here to get an oil change today and it was great! I love that you can schedule appointments online and see exactly how much you will be paying when you get there (also, look for coupon codes....can save some money). The oil change was inexpensive and the guys who worked there were friendly. They got it done in a little less than an hour, which I am completely satisfied with after my debacle with Meineke a few months back where I was there for around 4 hours...with them being right around the corner, why not give them the business?Note: their parking lot is on the south side of the building and cannot be accessed from the north side (I found that out the hard way :-P)
4	I come here often for whatever I need, usually just oil changes. The guys are usually pretty cool and friendly. They are honest too, which is a good quality in their industry. Look out for their coupons, you can easily save 10 bucks on oil changes just from a coupon. Park in the back because I don't think they want you to park in the front. They have a nice TV in the waiting room too so it isn't too painful if you are sitting around. All in all, good place to go for servicing your vehicle.
5	Warning- this is going to be long. After many horrible experiences with other places, I was starting to lose hope that honest mechanics existed and that I was going to get screwed no matter where I went. I've tried big name companies and local mechanics. I have been given the runaround so many times by other repair places that I was more nervous to have my car serviced than I would be for a complex medical procedure. I'm not a genius when it comes to repair work - but I know enough about my car to know when I'm getting screwed.The Auto Zone down the street from them recommended me to visit their location when I went to pick up an air filter. I just wanted to be lazy and get an oil change done on a Saturday. I casually asked if they knew a place where I could get one done nearby. They told me that the oil change might be a bit more expensive than DIY or a local shop, but that they were good guys and the price you pay matches the service you will get. I figured, hell, it's the price you pay for being lazy. :)Goodyear was quite busy and offered to squeeze me in later in the afternoon. They were very friendly and warm and had no issue with fitting me into their already busy schedule.When the work was being done, they checked my car thoroughly (even though they were insanely busy) and let me know of some issues that I was having that were minor now but could get bad quickly. They sat down with me and helped me build a realistic time frame for how to fix the issues so it wouldn't break my wallet - or my car. They were also very kind about the shape my car is in (which I thought was much worse than they said given that I drive one of the lowest rated cars economy cars of 2001. =D Go me!)As I was getting those issues repaired at a later visit, they even gave me a free oil change for having to wait several hours for maintenance that went less smoothly than expected. (Not their fault, my car is a b-tch.)I feel their prices were (and remain) very fair and the customer service is phenomenal. I've visited them on several occasions now, mainly for general maintenance.The customer service is always consistent. They are patient, understanding, caring and funny. They truly care about the customer and don't tell you that you have problems that you don't really have.
3	Top notch service, and a really friendly staff, but the following are actual texts I sent during the time I was there for a simple oil change:I've been here so long, they may just offer me a senior discount when I'm done.By the time I get my car back, it may be time for another change.By the time I get my car back, it may be considered a classic.By the time I get my car back, it may need snow tires--if hell's already frozen over, Mesa may not be far behind.By the time I get my car back, the price may have tripled from inflation.By the time I get my car back (your 5-year-old son) could drive it home.By the time I get my car back, cars may be obsolete and I'll need an oil change in my hovercraft.By the time I get my car back, Captain Kirk may want to borrow it.What I'm trying to say, is that despite all the smiles and the deals and the very, very proficient gal behind the counter, I sat there in the (not so entertaining) lobby for 2+ hours waiting on a simple oil change. Being from out of town, I'm glad the Yelps led me to a reputable place and they did a terrific job, but I could have done without the wait.
5	This started out much longer then I decided to cut it short and keep to the facts. My 2013 has been a tad bit brutal so on Thanksgiving when check engine light went on I fell further apart. Goodyear whom I have always trusted jumped in to hopefully end 2013 much better than it has been going. Sofia not only handled my major breakdown on the phone well, she handled the business of my car with class and care. With all the other issues going on, I am happy to say they allowed my car not to be another. I am sitting here writing this, crying at the peace of mind that phone call left me in and the kindness in her words. Thank you for your care in customer service, care is how you speak and listen. Care in how you allowed my 2013 to end.I will never stray again from Goodyear due to a good coupon.
1	I wouldn't trust them to change my bicycle tire.  Very manipulative in trying to claim alignment is bad, need new air filter even though it was just changed a week ago.  Never coming here again!
1	The staff seemed friendly, until I got my car back after denying their $300 brake replacement job. They broke an item in my car and they refused to admit it, plus the AC was on full blast.
5	The nice guys and gal, have been taking care of my car for years now.  Anything my car needs, I trust that they'll do their best.  Except for tires that is, that's where I'm gonna say Costco has the best deals and they too do a pretty fine job, but that's besides the point.Just recently my car had been making loud clunky noises at every turn and well, I was getting pretty concerned.  I called in, made an appointment and they said they'd do the inspection for free, as long as it wasn't too invasive.  So I'm pretty excited, cause finally I'll know what's going on with my car.  I drop off my car and in an hour or so, get the dreaded phone call: the diagnosis.  Both bushings need to be replaced.  And it's going to be $800.  So here I am, on the verge of tears, wondering if I'm being scammed, why it's so expensive and god, why didn't I just opt for the lightrail instead of a car?  I tell him to hold off on the bushings for now, for which he isn't too pleased, considering they just did a full check on my car for free, but hell, I don't have $800 sitting around.I made five million calls (not really, but it sure felt like it) to dealerships and other shops, seeing if any of them would be willing to give me a quote for replacing the bushings and I get quotes upwards of $800, even one place quoting me $1,200.  $800 isn't looking so bad anymore but boy, that hurts.  I pick up my car and talk to the guy, now that he's convinced that I'm going to get the bushings replaced, but not this instant, he was more willing to negotiate.  He tells me he can throw in a 10% discount, that there are a couple alignment coupons online, even if it is only for $15.  I say I'll be back and am on my merry way, except for the thought of being about $700 poorer next paycheck.So that was a while ago, and I just got the bushings replaced yesterday.  I dropped it off before heading to work, and picked it up after, and viola!  No more clunky noises!  Knowing my financial situation, they kept their word, giving me the 10% discount, honored my $15 coupon, and volunteered to hold off on a system flush since it wasn't pressing.  I walked out paying just under $600, feeling like a champ, with my car feeling like new, just nursing my newly emptied wallet.
2	I just wanted an oil change and I get quoted $400 to replace an oil pan and oil drain plug.
