5	Located in the middle of The Forum Shops at Caesars this is the best watch shop in the area. Having spent a week going in and out of every watch shop I saw along the strip this was by far the best. They had several special edition TAG watches in there that some of the other shops hadn't even heard of.The staff are endlessly helpful, and happy to let you try on anything. On top of which they are more than willing to negotiate on price, which is excellent.They not only have the best customer service of every watch shop we went to, but also easily had the best price.
5	This was the best 'time piece' store I have been to. The Manager, Hendrik, was very helpful and informative, as well as not pushy. When ready to purchase my next time piece (watch) I will go to them first.
5	I purchased two watches there last year after visiting almost every watch shop in Las Vegas.  I was looking an IWC pilot chrono, every other store had just sold theirs or it wasn't  interested in selling watches.  I spent about 45 mins in the Tourneau store almost directly across from Roman Times.  Despite there being about 20 salesmen in the the store  no one approached me or offered to show me any watches.  I was looking forward to checking out Tourneau because of their size and impressive selection.  I left feeling a bit disgusted then I ran across Roman Times.  Roman TImes is much smaller but has a nice selection and the staff is very knowledgeable and ready to sell watches.  I found the IWC I was looking for and found a Baume and Mercier for my wife and we got right down to making a deal that I couldn't' pass up.   I'll be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.  Highly recommended!
4	I love high end watches.  And Vegas is the place to be to shop for one of them.  Many great stores in this town and this is one of them.  Just down the hall in the same mall, you can find Tourneau.  A two story multiplex with a layout that will blow you away.  Many great brands there.  Over here, the layout is just boring.  But, look in the cases, then you will realize that they have many great brands.  The difference from this shop and Tourneau is that you don't feel sleazy salesman attitude in this shop.  They are friendly and not pushy.  Plus they understand all the watch brands.  I like an informative sales staff.  When I'm ready to purchase another high end shop, I probably head over here instead.
