4	I've been eating at this joint for 20+ years.  There are better Chinese restaurants in town but  they do a lot of things good enough to stay on my list of regular places to visit.  CF is your typical small Chinese Buffet hole in the wall.  This food is above average and worth a visit for a quick lunch if you are in the neighborhood or passing through the area. Several things that I think the do GREAT are the Kung Pao Chicken, Wings and Smoked Fish (Fridays only).  Their Kung Pao is the best I've ever had hands down bar none !  The flavor in their recipe is just perfect.  Also they have great wings.  They are not the typical "hot wings' just breaded and fried chicken wings.  Their coating on the wings is so good you could open and chicken joint just on that recipe alone.  Think KFC crunchy but with the flavor of original KFC and you'll come close to what their wings taste like.  And last but not least...smoked fish on Fridays.  I have to admit at first 20 years ago it was not something I cared for but for the last 10 years it has grown on me and now I get a craving for their fish at least once a month and have to visit them on Fridays.
1	Don't waste your time... Ick! It's already dry enough in Arizona, don't think we need our food like that too...
3	Just your average Chinese buffet, maybe a little small.  There were the basics that you'll find just about anywhere - everything was just about the same.Nothing really jumped out, but things were decent enough that I'd probably go back. One thing that does work in its favor - it's a couple dollars cheaper than a lot of buffets out there.
2	The fried chicken wings are good.  The rest?  Below par Chinese MSG.  I might get some wings sometime, but the rest of the food is below mediocre.
1	The food and customer service were literally worse than I have ever experienced in my entire life! I went for dinner around 4:30pm on a Saturday. Nearly all of the trays on the buffet were empty. What was left was cold, but I didn't know that until it was on my plate. When I got back to my table I had a bite of orange chicken, which was stone cold. The white rice was hard and cold. I pushed my plate to the side while I debated what to do. One of the waitresses came over and asked if I'd like a drink refill, even though I had only drunk about a third of the glass of soda. I declined and explained that my guest and I were going to be leaving because the food was horrible, but it would be great if we could get a refund. Laney came over and said she'd refund half, but later agreed to refund me for both my meal and my guest's meal, which was as cold and stale as mine. When she came back, Laney presented me with a new receipt for $4, citing that there was nothing wrong with the sodas we ordered. While that was true, I explained I believed that was horribly petty since my guest had drunk none of his soda and I had so little of mine -- and the point of the drinks were to enjoy them with our meals. The man, whom I assume to be Laney's brother, came over and was very apologetic, refunded all of my money and offered to cook us fresh food  free of charge to learn how good his fresh cooking was (We declined.), but he didn't seem to think there was a problem with having cold and stale food on the buffet line. Long story short, I think that China Farm uses quality ingredients and may very well produce good food when cooked to order, but don't count on getting an edible meal at the buffet. The orange chicken was all white meat and the beef and broccoli my guest had was made with quality looking beef and vegetables ... just cold.
3	= = = = = = NEW CHINA FARM BUFFET! = = = = = =China Farm here closed & reopened about a month ago with everything new except the name!     :-)Mike C. & I stopped in for lunch today to give this new version a try.  It's a clean, rather stark place & was featuring 27 food items plus sauces & dressings.Some positives:*  Inexpensive!*  Very friendly staff & excellent table service!*  3 soups:  Egg Flower, Hot & Sour, Won Ton.*  Good food, especially the Hot & Sour Soup, Fried Rice, crispy Sweet & Sour Pork, boneless BBQ Pork Ribs, Moo Goo Guy Pan, & the Orange Chicken!A couple of negatives:*  The dining room is too plain & cold looking .  They need to bring in a decorator to warm up the look of the place.*  TV blabbing.*  Barely any salad...  lettuce & dressing only.Little gripes aside, the friendliness, low price & tasty food earn this one a solid 3 Stars.     :-)Lunch Buffet always a low $5.95!  Regular menu at dinner time.  Take-out, delivery & catering also available.
3	Another one of those cheap Chinese buffets (5.95) that puts out a few tasty dishes that get you up to 3 stars.The decor sucks and the washrooms need to be torn out and rebuilt. On the brighter side I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I would return to this place because of the food, cheap price and the friendly staff , and to see if they remodeled it.
4	Wow! This place has turned a corner. Under new management  The food is outstanding and fresh, the price is right. You must check it out.  No tricks to force the food taste better, the staff is friendly, helpful. Try the Moo Goo Gai Pan, it is outstanding. And their Beef w/Broccoli where the beef is well cooked and seasoned not rubbery and the Broccoli is cooked and crunchy.  New modern furniture and a flat screen tv. We'll be back, for sure.
5	This place has definitely changed for the better! I had visited here a while back and remember the food as being mediocre and the decor was just horrible and cheap. Today I called for take out for the first time in quite a while. When I walked in I was shocked, there's a new name and the whole restaurant has been completely redone! It looks wonderful! The staff is very friendly, they kept thanking me for calling and telling me they hope that I would enjoy the food. When he told me my total for two lunch specials, and egg drop soup, and some fried wontons, I was shocked! Only $12?!  With this in mind, I was still expecting the same mediocre food....it was WONDERFUL! The egg rolls were nice and crispy, the sweet and sour sauce tasted great, and most of all the chicken lo mein was to die for. It had plenty of vegetables in it and even water crescents which I feel like are left out of a lot of dishes these days! I was really impressed by the service and the food. I'll definitely not take so long to come back this time around.  The new management has helped this place quite a bit. I've tried just about every Chinese place in Tempe and this is definitely my winner.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly, this neighborhood favorite Buffet has closed!     :-(
