5	I've been waiting for this place to be open for ages, so when I saw that they had finally set up shop, I dropped all other dinner plans and made my way over. Wanted to start simple, so I went with the classic Denis Coderre (sausage, coleslaw, onions, mustard, everything bagel seeds) and the homemade Mac and Cheese. Now, I'm no dog connoisseur, but that first bite is something that I will remember forever. Expertly cooked, perfectly garnished... it was magic. I couldn't go in for a second bite just yet without my head exploding from awesomeness, so I decided to pace myself with a bite of the Mac and Cheese. Big mistake. It was equally delicious. Anyway, now I'm sitting here with an exploded head, which means no mouth to finish this delicious food. And even though I no longer have a face, it was totally worth it.
5	Felt like a Hot dog, now I promised myself to try everything on their menu.. It was amazing, the dogs are huge and delicious and the poutine one of the best I've had. Do yourself a favor and try the Maurice Richard, the foie gras just melts in your mouth.
4	i've tried the place like a day after they officially opened and came back for the free dog promo today.the place is one tiny place as a pretty big kitchen counter takes up half the space and you sit facing the wall. as some may remember, this place used to house the now defunct pretzel shop. it doesn't look to have any bathroom.service can take a while as they have to grill the sausages. the wait is manageable unless the place is packed which becomes a madhouse. staff is lovely.as for the hot dogs. it is gourmet hot dog so expect to pay a premium price for it. add in the sides and it can be a hefty bill.the denis coderre: you can taste the vinegar from the slaw and the poppy seeds. sausage wasn't bad. it's definitely not the best they have to offer but its the cheapest amongst them. i got a cold bun which didn't help. in hindsight, i should have send it back. no one should have to eat a cold bun!the bernie mac: a hot dog topped with mac 'n cheese and bacon bits (not the prepared bits variety). i couldn't make out the sausage flavor (the mac 'n cheese just overpowered) but everything was grilled and hot (including the bun). mac 'n cheese was creamy, bacon was crispy. all together and it was delicious and messy.i haven't tried the sides yet as the dogs are quite filling.they are, maybe, the best gourmet hot dogs in town
5	Went in on Monday, and Levi & Dave took their Dirty Dog hot dogs to a whole new level.  Not only are they far superior in terms of quality and variety (from chilli to foie gras on a dog), the staff is exceptionally fun.If you're a fan of the classic Michigan dog, their "Bruce Springstein" is the Michigan dog on steroids.  This restaurant is a must, and I rarely ever say that.
2	As a New Yorker, I'm all about glamorizing street food, hiring hipster waiters to serve it and charging $10+ for it. While the menu is interesting...My vegetarian hotdog was cooked on the same grill as regular meat dogs. The restaurant is poorly ventilated, so while you wait in line (20+ minutes for my hotdog with there people in front of me), your hair and clothes soak in the pervasive smell of the grease. And I don't understand why the waitstaff cannot put more than three hotdogs at a time to cook on the giant grill.
1	Rude staff, mediocre food.If you want to be treated like you're not cool enough to be served by a grease-jockey and pay for an overpriced sausage on a bun, then look no further.
2	This joint is pretty average and so is their food . There is maybe around 6-7 choices of hot dogs and this definitely cannot satisfy everyone's taste --restaurant should consider doing custom orders.Anywho , my Morgan freeman tasted good but the overall experience was average and at that price (close to 10$) I was expecting a lot better . For example , the restaurant could have given us a fries or a drink through such an expensive order . Come the heck on it's a hot dog , will you seriously charge me 10$ ? Even Japadog in Vancouver makes better hot dogs in term of taste and friendly prices .Service was courteous , but cooking these took a while , walking in such a joint makes you think you can get out with your food in 10 mins but it is certainly not the case as it took close to 20 mins .Anyway , if you really crave for a hot dog on mont royal you can definitely come to this joint , it's an experience nonetheless. However , note that they are not great and are certainly overpriced . You can definitely get better and more of them at Julep or Decarie hot dogs if you are willing to make the Trip
4	I'd give this place anywhere from a 3.5 to a 4. When we got there the cashier took our order promptly, but we had to wait at least 15-20 minutes for our food. It seemed a little long for a hot dog. However, in their defence, the cook had a sh*tload of orders and he was by himself. He was working VERY hard in extreme heat. I ordered the Bernie Mac. The sausage was delicious; full of savoury juicy flavour.  It was topped with crispy bacon, shallots and Mac n' cheese. I was disappointed with the Mac n' cheese topping. It was dry. I was expecting it to be more moist and saucy, but it wasn't. It was dried up macaroni on my sausage. I can't remember what my friend order, but she's vegetarian and they were very accommodating to her. Their poutine was wonderful. They season it with rosemary which adds a nice and original kick to the dish.Although I was slightly disappointed with my dog, it was still delicious none the less. I could just imagine how epic it must be with fresh Mac n' cheese. Worth the try.
3	I'll make this quick!I ordered the Gandolfini an it was very good! Only thing I didn't like were the thick pieces of bacon on top which were very hard to chew.The reason I'm taking away two stars is because the kitchen area was in need of some tlc... The floors were disgusting and the hood along with every other piece of equipment was dirty. On top of that, the hood was definitely turned off; you could see the smoke from the grill and fryer going everywhere but upwards.I'll be back but i'll wait for my order outside to save myself from smelling like a fryer!
3	Every week (well almost anyway...), I head up the Main to Hof Kelsten for my dose of fresh rye or sourdough bread. Thinking about grabbing something different for lunch on one particular occasion, I was reminded that Dirty Dogs was only a minute away on foot serving up gourmet hot dogs. I had first heard of Dirty Dogs in the spring via some friends but never found the moment to go. My first chance had been during the Mont-Royal street fair earlier this summer but their free hot dog special that day created a lineup that snaked off Mont-Royal and down Saint-Laurent street so that didn't happen. Seeming like the perfect lunch option in this instance, away I went with my loaf of bread in hand. Dirty Dogs is a small diner space with maybe 8 seats inside but thankfully there is a takeout window in the case where seating inside isn't possible. The interior is a rustic diner look - dark wood bar counter, wood panels on the walls. It is a sparse space but functional. At least the music is a good mix as you wait for your order!The menu consists of 10 special dogs each with their own unique toppings and sausages. Each hot dog can also be modified for the vegetarians among us which is a cool touch from a hot dog place. To pair with the dogs, there are a number of sides and drinks to enjoy. Given that this was a solo mission on my first visit, I actually went back a second time to enjoy other items off the menu - good time I have a build-in excuse with my bakery of choice...The side I tried was their mac n' cheese - made to order nicely enough and topped with crispy bacon and green onions. Creamy enough but something didn't click with me... perhaps the cheese wasn't strong enough. Not sure to be honest. The bacon added some nice crunch although personally I would have preferred softer to get the fattiness into the macaroni. Might as well go full glutton.I went all in with my first visit so I ordered the "Maurice Richard" - Bourbon vanilla sausage with pan seared foie gras, bacon, 3 year old aged cheddar, caramlized onions and maple syrup. A pricy dog but one that packs a heck of a punch. The sweetness of the vanilla bourbon sausage is subtle but still noticeable which is a good thing given the sweet kick from the onions and the maple syrup. Add to that mix a general amount of foie gras and plenty of bacon and you have quite a hot dog on your hands! Only negative to me was the bun - i actually like the choice of bun used but they are barely served warm... I would preferred them more steamed or even grilled!For the second visit, I went a little more traditional in my choices. I ordered the "Denis Coderre" - Fine herb pork sausage, coleslaw, onions, yellow mustard and bagel seeds - with a side of regular fries and spicy mayo. Fine issue with the bun again. The hot dog itself is solid - you pick up the fine herb taste in the sausage, the coleslaw/onion/mustard combo is classic and continues to be so. The bagel seeds is an interesting addition that works well. The classic fries are exactly the kind of fries I like with my hot dogs - very reminiscent of your classic Belle Province/ Lafleur. The house spicy mayo had a nice kick to it as well. A solid second visit.All in all, Dirty Dogs is a solid bet from what I tried. I like the more unique approach to the dogs and the varied choices you have. The macaroni didn't do it for me but I enjoyed the rest. The price on the higher end dogs may turn off some people used to more standard pataterie prices... same goes for waiting time since these dogs take longer than your regular steamey. Overall a worthwhile visit if you are in need of a bite near the plateau.Cheers!
2	First time I was there was amazing. Had to wait for my sausage to cook, it took a good 15-20min but it was totally worth it. Soft, juicy and delicious, incredible. BEST HOT DOG I EVER HAD. Truly gourmet.Second time was the complete opposite. it took 5min to get my hotdog, they just re-heated a sausage they had lying around! Sausage was chewy hard and tepid.  Same for fries, felt they had been sitting there all day, un-eatable, threw away 80% of them. Maybe too many people complained about having to wait too long, or they juts got bored, or they just do not care anymore. Can't tell for sure, but this is not gourmet food, it is fast food of the worst kind.  I believe consistency is the hallmark of quality hence 2 stars.STICK TO ORIGINAL PLAN! gourmet, not fast food!
4	GREAT!!  My wife and I showed up with our dog Hunter and we were really well received.The dogs are awesome and the poutine amazing (regular is a large elsewhere).Enjoy....
4	The Bernie Mac is the best dog I have ever eaten. I wasn't expecting much from this place but was pleasantly surprised. The staff is friendly and I found them to be quite personable. I was not a big fan of the POUTINE as it has onions which I do not like and it wasn't in the description.  It made the poutine a little too sweet and it did not have enough cheese. Other than that, it is an awesome hole in the wall style restaurant and I will be back for that Bernie Mac.
3	Had to wait an hour for the hot dog. Should have read the reviews first. The hot dog tasted okay, there wasn't anything exceptional about I, probably wouldn't come again. Only one guy working there, cooking slowly and taking money in between.
