5	This Wal-Mart is pretty cool I must say.My first stop into it was the first morning we lived here!  We had just driven  from CA to AZ in two medium sized moving trucks...each with a dog in the front seat with us. We  needed ice for our ice chest (as we had no fridge at our new house until we unpacked the truck!) and a few other items!Firstly, in CA, Wal-Marts are few and far between, and in SJ, CA there are 2 in the area, and they aren't in convenient places.  Here in AZ there are Wal-Marts EVERYWHERE!!!   They also have grocery stores inside them, as well as the standard Wal-Mart items...therefore making them a one-stop shop!  I use it primarily now for my grocery store.The prices on their food items are almost unbeatable sometimes (i.e: a 96 fl. oz. bottle of "Great Value" apple juice is $1.97....as apposed to most places that sell a 64 fl. oz. bottle of "Tree Top" juice for $3-5.  They taste the same...and the price is just silly to pass up!)As ashamed as some may be to even say "Wal-Mart," I have to say that for their grocery selection and the prices they offer on their "Great Value" brand...I would be silly to shop anywhere else for these items on a regular basis.Their staff is friendly, the location I frequent has multiple "self check-out," lanes, and since I like to bag my own stuff so it's all organized when I get home...I go to these lanes most of the time.  They also have a McDonalds, which when in a crunch for lunch or a quick ice cream while shopping makes it nice.I try to make sure I'm wearing a bra and don't have any pants on with writing across my rear.  I try to make sure my kid is clean, and that he is behaving appropriately in the store and I try as hard as possible for neither of us to be picking our noses in the store...to ensure our safe travels through the store and back to our home, without ending up on the "People of Walmart" website.  LOLTo sum it all up...if you're on a budget and you need quality items at decent prices, there's no need to be ashamed to visit Wal-Mart to fufill your shopping list.  You are being smart and spending your dollars wisely, keeping your family fed, and saving money!  :-)
3	I really dislike Walmart for so many reasons.  Almost everything in the damn store is made in China or some other country.  There is no doubt that they have some good sales on grocery items and that, plus the fact that my bank is has a branch inside the store, is what has me going back.When I lived in San Jose, CA the Walmart there was a complete zoo.  I only went when a friend asked me to go otherwise I avoided it at all costs.The Walmarts in AZ are a bit different, different clientel, at least in my area.I still don't like them but I tolerate this one.
3	Was pretty standard walmart, slightly dirty when I went hence rating only 3.
2	I changed sun glasses.After I got new lenz, I heard scretch is not covered.It was funny to hear only something to protect themself.I didn't want to go back for glasses there again.I like the experience at Target much more.
4	I was happy with the "Walmart"' in Chandler, AZ because they allowed me to sleep the night there (in my R.V. The Black Pearl) on 12/11/2009.  I did some shopping in there as well.
4	It's Walmart. People of Walmart is why I keep coming back!
5	I love this Walmart for the consistently superb customer service I've received even though I am not even a frequent shopper.A big thank you to the manager Garrett (sp?) who went above and beyond his duties to resolve an issue I had with an online order!The auto shop guys are awesome as well in helping me with little things like light bulb changing and tire air filling.
2	Hire some damn cashiers!!!!!!!!
3	It's Walmart what can I say.  Great convenience for just about anything you need, but my favorite part would be the people watching lol.  Other than that customer service is a joke, and why have so many checkout lines if you're only going to operate 5 of them.
