3	The service in these stores depends on the local management and individual sales persons. You can get a very personable geek who'll talk your ear off, or you can get someone like the guy at this store who clearly didn't want me to have my phone worked on 1/2 hour before the store was due to close.  I had bought the phone from them and called to tell them it was faulty. I needed a software update and was told it would only take 15 minutes.  When I arrived, this guy tried to say it would take over a half hour and I should come another day!  Puh-leeze! The place wasn't crowded or anything! I informed him that I already knew it would take only 15 minutes and he suddenly found someone to update the phone.These stores always seem clean and organized. This one had a lot of products on display so i was able to look around while the phone was being updated. The guy who worked on the phone was very nice and informative about  what he knew of the phone.  You know, it's really the staff who determine whether you want to go back to a particular Verizon store.   Other than the one guy who tried to avoid helping me, my experience was decent.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service you can imagine.  The only thing keeping Verizon in business is the good coverage and over-priced calling plans.
4	Super helpful friendly and efficient.
4	This location was terrific! I walked right in, no wait & Crystal helped me (who I believe was the Manager), she's awesome!! When I need my technology snazzied up I'll go back & ask for her :)
3	This place was so busy when we walked in that we ended up waiting an hour and a half before we got helped.  Besides the waiting, though....the staff was very friendly and helped with any questions we had.  They might want to staff a little better, but in all, my Verizon experience was ok.
2	Terrible queues. Service is minimal. The associates treat account holders like nuisances instead of paying customers. Surprisingly, the manager was the rudest person there. Asking how many people were ahead of us seems to warrant an irritated attitude. A number of employees walking around instead of assisting customers. Avoid this branch.
2	I've had Verizon Wireless for years and have been to stores around the country. I was really disappointed with my experience at this location. I walked in and three workers, including the store manager stared at me. After I asked to be put on the list, I asked approximately how long and I got a rude "when your name is up on the list." After waiting for over 30 minutes to buy a phone I finally was able to talk to Gabe. He was the first friendly face in the store, besides other customers, he was helpful and although I left not purchasing a phone I was grateful for one positive experience. However, I am very reluctant to return to the store.
1	I went down to this store in hopes of upgrading mine and my wife's phone last weekend. After talking to the representative we were told that we were not eligible to use the edge program due to not having six months of good payments. We had five months of good payments, the only break within our multi year contract of good payments, where we had auto payments, was one month where we had fraud on our account and the Verizon wireless back office told us not to make our payment so they could fix the fraud on our account that they had allowed to happen. A week later I decided to call the back office in hopes that they could put a remark on my account "saying that it was okay for myself and my wife to use the edge program because the problem with our billing was due to fraud." Verizon wireless's back-office put me on hold well they called my local store. After about 20 minutes of being on hold the back office person told me that the store cannot do anything and back office cannot do anything and the only choice that I have is to call a third person and go through a long process with them and "maybe" they can help me. I can except the fact that even though after being a Verizon wireless customer for over 10 years, they are over charging me for every thing and I'm losing my unlimited data plan, the one thing that I cannot except and will not forget is they are denying me privileges and services they give to every one else because I had a lapse in payment due to an error they made. I am being punished because they could not keep their website secure and when I called to try and fix it they pretty much told me "sucks to be you, nothing I can do about it." It took me over two months to fix this fraud on my account where Verizon Wireless allowed someone to run up almost $2000 in charges on a phone line, they talked me into, that does not even work. Now I am being denied services that are given to everyone else due to one month of bad payments, that they told me not to pay because it was their fault. All I wanted to do was upgrade my wife and my phone and continue on with verizon, regardless of the issues we have had. Now I am looking into a completely new carrier because I'm tired of Verizon wireless treating my family like we don't matter. I tried to accept that stuff happens and did not get mad about the fraud, even though it took over 6 phone calls to fix, but the way I am being treated now by individual stores and corporate as a whole is unforgivable. I used to love verizon and I told all my friends to join. Now I'm thinking of changing and hoping my friends do to.
5	I have always had good luck here. BUT other day Trish was an outstanding customer representative to me. I also overheard her handling some grumpy nasty customers. AND she did that nicely.
5	I usuually don't like heading off to the Verizon store for upgrades to my phone.  I've been in several stores across the valley, and this by far was the most pleasant experience I've had in my 8 or 9 years with them.We were greeted by Tom, who immediately recognized his alma mater (Go Green, Go White) on my husbands phone.  It can be a tedious (and boring) wait while they do all the techno stuff to get your new phone up and running, but Tom made the time pleasant and did a great job upselling the Bose mini with our trade in credit, which we are now the proud owners of.  My husbands phone had trouble activating and he just kept at it, even though it was quickly approaching closing time.  He never made us feel rushed, or that he was in a hurry to get going.  Good job Verizon, Tom is a keeper!!
1	I needed a new cell phone, and I was tired of dealing with all the headaches buying phones and plans from websites.  So I knew that even though it might cost a bit more, it was time to visit a local storefront and, when I had questions, there would be a live person available to answer them.My mistake!  The live people who staff this place seem to be dead from the neck up.  I told a clerk named Stacy I needed a phone.  She was happy to push a "smart phone" with an expensive contract plan.  When I said I wanted a "dumb phone" with no contract, her face literally dropped.  Then she disappeared for 20 minutes under guise of finding me a phone in the back that could use their prepaid plan.When she finally came back, I began asking my annoying questions, the kind that customers insist upon asking because they don't work with the product full-time.  No problem for Stacy, though.  She ignored every one of my questions and did whatever she could to finish with me ASAP.I asked a total of four times how to operate the voice mail, and all four times they decided I said something else and informed me, "This phone doesn't get e-mail."I still wound up buying the phone and a prepaid plan since I had no phone at the time.  I came back later in the week to ask my questions to someone else (forget his name).  But all he could do was get irritated with me because I kept asking questions about the flip phone I'd bought, and he told me, repeatedly, "I don't use the flip phone!"I'm not condemning Verizon Wireless--my service, as well as the online customer service, has been acceptable thus far.  But the clerks and management at this particular store exhibit no interest in their customers (at least not the ones who aren't there to pay top dollar for everything) and no knowledge of any phones other than the ones they themselves use.  To me, this attitude indicates that they simply have no interest in remaining employed.  And this was the opinion I expressed to the corporate customer service manager when I spoke to her.
5	I dealt with a manager by the name of Chris and she was beyond fabulous! She able to do in 30 minutes what 10 Verizon Wireless telephone support agents were unable to do in literally 15 hours over a period of 2 weeks.   Chris is very professional and extremely competent at her job. Her customer service is EXCELLENT!!! Chris has truly earned her position as a manager at Verizon. She needs to teach a class to Verizon's telephone support agents, they can learn a whole lot from her.
1	If I could give less than a star I would. They are useless and all they do is say sorry when they make a hUGE mistake. They shipped my replacement phone to another state AFTER I told them I will be out of town. They offered to send it wherever I would be and over night it. After numerous phone calls and speaking to everyone and their grandmother, no one was able to help me. Now I will be without a phone, because of their stupidity! Spoke to manager named Trish..... She was useless!! Asked to speak to her manager and she wouldn't give me his phone number but that she would have him call me..... Yeah right!!! Worse service ever!!!
5	Rick Merriman is a fantastic employee, solved my problems instantly and even offered to come in on the weekend on his day off to help out! Never recieved such great service before.
2	Ok Verizon...so close,  yet so far from good. My phone hasn't worked right for several months, but since it had been over a year since I  purchased it I assumed I'd have to wait out my contract. After weeks of my phone getting worse and worse (and purchasing a new battery) I decided to check with Verizon about my actual options. I walked in and someone immediately greeted me and informed me that I was next in line.  About five minutes later someone was helping me. He asked me a few questions and informed me that Verizon could send me a new phone at no charge. What!?! I never thought that was even possible! Yay! What made it even better is he said it would arrive in 1-2 days. I was so excited. I went home to wait. About an hour later I received a tracking update that said it was scheduled to arrive the following day by 8pm. Yay, again. The phone was in my hand by the next afternoon. Super excited to switch my stuff over I researched the best way to do it and found Verizon cloud. But when I looked at the app it seemed as though I would need both phones linked to my account before I could switch or so I thought. Not realizing there was a way around this I brought both phones a to Verizon. This time when I walked in there was no one to greet me, but it was kinda late (about an hour or so until close) so I just waited near the door for someone to become available. A female manager finished up with her customer and came over to check me in. Here's where I think the problem starts.... I explain in detail to her about what I am trying to do, and she agrees that Verizon cloud is great and lets me know I'm in the queue. I waited about 15 minutes and then someone approaches. He takes both of my phones and immediately removes SD and SIM card from old phone and places in the new phone.  At this point I try to interject that I want to make sure all of the stuff from the old phone go to the new phone and ask if I need to do something before he removes the cards. He doesn't really look up just shakes his head and continues on.I'm not an idiot, but I'm also not a tech person so I trust that he knows what he is doing. He tells me that it will take several hours to backup so I should go home so that it can do it over wifi. And off I go, after several hours later....I finally feel asleep and woke up to those sweet words "backup complete" yay... or not. Upon examination of my phone I notice none of the messages transferred over and only a portion of the photos. What the hell?So on my own accord I moved the cards back to the original phone and I'm currently in the long process of backing up again. I feel like either they didn't understand what I was really asking or they don't care. It's just annoying. Customer service is about listening to ensure you really understand what the customer is asking. I know these guys deal with difficult and unhappy people all day, but I was none of those things. I deserve to be given quality service.So after several hours of moving all of my photos to my computer I am finally close to be done. UGH
4	This verizon store has some great employees who seem to actually care. The manager (blonde, can't remember her name) was genuine and helpful. I don't mind coming into this store!
5	I just wanted to say, I'm super impatient & haven't been having the best week! My boyfriend wanted an iPad tho, so he asked me if we could go to Verizon & purchase one ... He is badass so how could I say no , but the main thing is ... That we got the best associate to help us , his name is Daniel Villa, super friendly , educated in every aspect of what we were interested I. And wasn't pushy? He had good work ethic and good social skills & marketing techniques! I wish everyone who was hired at Verizon was that aware and efficient with what the clients main purpose and results were ! Thanks Dan ! Keep up the great work !!! Super appreciated ! In and out in a flash today , with the iPad we wanted !
1	The store gets .5 star  - A store rep gave false information to an Verizion Phone Rep who called into this location to confirmed what was in stock, type of electric, and a current iPad deal with a purchase of an iPhone.  - No MANAGER came to diffuse a situation after an encounter with a loud verbally hostile employee.  Just because "Thank you" was used, it boils down to attitude and delivery.  Spare me the sugarcoat to your attitude and belittling demeanor.- I requested for the District Manager's contact information yet the best they could do, was have me write my information down on a business card which would be submitted to the district manager after he returns from Maternity leave- very professional.If I could reward a negative star, CHRISTOL is surely deserving of it.- Rude, loud, and very talented at belittling customers, instead of getting to her point.- Disrespectful to her own customers by disrupting her own sales to intrude into mines.- Sugar coats the attitude with kosher wording.- Disrespectful to her own coworkers.  Instead of helping them, she just takes over the conversation.  Chris (my sales rep) and myself were both unaware of the FINE PRINT retail cost price which would have easily answered my question, which was directed towards him.   I do not need someone trying to educate me on simple math- I can subtract 100 from the amount.  My plan was in and out...  Get my phone, get my bro's iPad, and get out.  All these issues stemmed from false information given to my brother that lead me to encounter the wonderful holiday spirits of Christol.  Solutions:- This store Manager really needs to have a meeting to explain proper customer service etiquette.- Also discuss proper communication etiquette between co-workers- And a Manager should be present to diffuse the situation.  In my mind should taken the initiative to join into the conversation rather then being summoned.   One manager in the back was fully aware of what was going on on the floor and never came to talk to me- my Sale Rep spoke to him twice without me present.  Maybe it is my fault for not asking to speak to a Manager, who knows- Communication is key and knowledge of current sales or deals.- Christol is her own world operating by her own rules, cleverly attempting to sugarcoat it all- enough said...
1	Worst customer service ever!!! James (sales rep) fraudulently signed a receipt of mine for services I did not want and I had the proof. Courtney one of the Glorified cashiers accused me of signing the receipt. They all need to go get trained in the basics of customer service. Never would I step foot back In that store I would tell the world not to go in there. They are thieves.  Thankfully the wonderful customer service people when you call up Verizon helped me deal with this nonsense. That store  should be shut!
