4	When I joined Edinburgh University the pamphlets all boastfully claimed that this was the oldest student union in the world. Now I'm not sure if this is true or not but looking at the witchy gothic building I think it would be hard to beat. The union spans over five floors interconnected by winding, weaving spiral staircases. It can be quite easy to loose your someone in here the way all the bars are connected but no one could fault it for character! The Library bar is my newest favourite although the Middle bar is also a very nice. Cheap drinks, cheap food- a student heaven.
4	My dad used to go here when he was a student back in the 70's, so we have had that odd conversation of "Oh you partied there too? And what was your experience?" Teviot, as its commonly known is part of Edinburgh Universities Student Union. Back in first year my university was in the middle of relocating meaning we had no union for the first year. And when we did get a union, it sucked majorly.  So a union like this was quite a novelty for me and is still good for the odd visit. Its another example of Edinburgh's fine Gothic architecture, and really is huge. The building includes bars, coffee shops and canteens. My main experience is of the Library Bar which, eh, used to be a library. You will generally find the university students deep in serious conversation in the impressive surroundings surrounded by books and booze. Its quite different from your standard cheesy union bar and is a great place to enjoy a quiet drink. Even if you don't go in, its worth walking by just to admire the impressive building.
5	Edinburgh students are quite lucky to have two unions practically opposite each other, but to be honest it would be just fine if it was only Teviot. It has a great charm to it, looking like it has come straight out of Harry Potter and still has a magical atmosphere.I recently took a friend into the union for some lunch and she couldn't stop talking about the building and the layout. The library bar is covered in vintage books and board games and really looks the part. I think I heard somewhere that it is one of the oldest unions in the UK and it looks good for it! It is rammed with history.The menu is great, and dirt cheap!! They do great burgers and even better main meals. Even the sandwiches are yummy!So, if you're a student looking for a great, quick bite to eat or wandering around the city looking for somewhere nice to dine, head to Teviot. It's worth it.
5	The oldest Student Union in the UK, the Library Bar is a recently redone pretty swish student bar.  Here you will fine cheap and cheerful food, good and student friendly priced drinks and pretty reasonable hot chocolate and coffee. As it is a student union you may not be allowed in if you are not a student or university staff- in particular at night.My parents used to come here in the 70s, just when it had turned into a mixed student union, as opposed to the Men's Union as it had been. Back then, it was still a sawdust-on-the-floor pub, which is nothing to what it is now, with game rooms, a flashy library bar and an all-welcoming attitude.This Harry Potter- esc setting has outdoor seating for the smokers amongst you and a very buzzing atmosphere all around, with societies holding events in the various rooms located around the building.
5	Out of the four university unions, Teviot Row House - or just Teviot, is the best by far. Not only that, it is the oldest purpose built student union building in the UK, maybe even the world.Lit up at night with its purple and green lighting, Teviot looks like something straight out of a film (a lot of mentions of Harry Pottter here!) with its gothic towers and large leaded windows and heavy wooden doors.Inside, the magic doesnt stop - having been a student here for 3 years now, an having come to Teviot at least once a week since I started, dont be suprised if you find me wandering around looking lost. A maze of spiral stairs, secret enterances and hidden areas, Teviot has an unbelievable amount of bars and facilities tucked away in its depths.On the ground floor there is the Underground Bar, Sports Bar and a Pool Hall (the only let down of the entire venue, many are broken). Climb the sweeping staircase and find yourself at Library Bar - the best bar in all of Edinburgh in my opinion. Housed in a real, and very old, library this bar has buckets of charm to spare - hidden seating areas, Friends style sofa areas, an out door area, cheapest drinks in the city and good food. Tear yourself away from the Library bar and climb the spiral staircase to find the Debating Halls, a huge function room that serves as a venue for speakers (Ian Rankin was here recently) or Bands, as well as Ceiledhs and other dances.On this level you will also find a cafe bar area that serves food during the day and provides an area to sit and work using Teviots free wi-fi.Finally, on the top floor you will find the Loft Bar - open on they most busy nights, this bar has an air of cool sophistication, which is quite a strange departure of the academic charming feel of Library bar, or the indie nightclub feel of Underground. The Loft Bar is cool and hip, with a nice bar and a huge outdoors area on the roof of Teviot, perfect for summer nights. There is also a cocktail masterclass held here, where you can make (and drink!!) your own creations.Teviot also plays host to a lot of 'nights' - such as Halloween where you will find the whole place decorated like a creepy haunted castle (which to be frank needs no stretch of the imagination, its half way there anyway!) or Burns Night where it plays host to the largest dance of the year.Overall, Teviot Row House is not only the best student union, its one of the best venues anywhere in the city.
4	A gothic design and enriched history result in the Teviot Row House being a truly unique student union. Hosting a sports bar, cafeteria, club, pool room and more it has everything you could possibly want from a student union. Drinks and food are inexpensive, there's plenty of comfy seating available in its vast interior and in general its a great meeting spot for students.Look out for live bands, alternative club nights, sporting events and more on their upcoming schedule and I'm sure you'll find something of interest. Naturally, as a student union, the venue will offer the most to students and not the general public.
4	For the past four years Teviot Row House has become one of favourite places to go out to at night. The prices are brilliant with drinks on average being a lot cheaper compared to your normal Edinburgh bar. And what is even better is that this student union always has a great atmosphere and lots of things to do. The building is impressive as well.Teviot has a number of bars ranging from the busy Library bar, to the Sportsman Bar and to the cosmopolitan Loft Bar. All of the bars have their own atmosphere and each attract different types of students. The Middle Bar is more a quiet, laid back bar which attracts older students or societies, whilst the Library bar always attracts the more going out type of student.There is live music, a pub quiz and a night dedicated to board games each week. Furthermore, Teviot is always busy at the festival time. What a fantastic place!
5	Teviot is one of the student unions of the University of Edinburgh and for me is an ideal place to come for a drink or a bite to eat after a lecture or tutorial. There are two places to eat, in the library bar or the canteen. The Library Bar offers a set menu of nacho's, burgers and other meals, whilst the canteen offers a differ meal every day. The prices in the canteen are also a bit cheaper so I tend to come here when I do come to Teviot.Teviot also doubles up as a club venue at night and offers an alternative to Potterow's Big Cheese on Saturday night, and is actually pretty good. The music is generally rock/indie and many people come here if the queue to Potterow is too big or are waiting for the queue ease down before they enter it.There is also a small games arcade downstairs which is in the sports bar, where they show football and rugby games. There is also pool room upstairs, which is free to play. All in all, it is a great place and a credit to the uni.
4	Teviot Row House is the oldest purpose built student union in the world. Sitting in George Sq campus overlooking Bristo Sq, Teviot offers a great and convenient service.I'm really glad that the other reviewers have given Teviot such high ratings and I just want to lend my support. I've heard many people complaining in the past and wanted to counter some of those opinions.Teviot first and foremost houses the student Library Bar- a nice bar with a library theme. Obviously there are cheap drinks and deals to be expected. My only complaint is the food. Take the burgers. The quality is fine, I mean their pretty dry and plain. But they seem a little expensive for what you get, given that its a student union. Also the number of times I have ordered a veggie burger only to be served a beef one is countless. I think the food is one of the main complaints I've heard from others, and I agree it could be improved. But this alone isn't enough to detract from the overall quality of the palce.Teviot also contains a club, several other bars (not always open) a Costa cafe, several sitting areas and rooms that can be hired by societies or used to hold meetings including a debating chamber.Overall Teviot just has a really nice feel that welcomes students. I've been in other student unions that have felt a bit cliquey or just run down. Teviot offers something for most students. And I have to say I love the 16th century Scottish based architecture.
4	Okay, so yes, the floors are sticky, and yes the food is mwah-mwah so-so. But da-yamn are those chairs comfortable!Not just that, I'm pretty sure that the building itself was an inspiration for Harry Potter. Look, if you're looking for the best coffee & sandwich, or the Ultimate Dinner Plate, don't go here you silly person! Go to George street, or Stockbridge. This place is cheap, caters to students, and has no pretensions whatsoever. If, however, you're fresh out of cash, and you need a full stomach of simple food... get over to Teviot. And get picked up by some shady college students.It's fun, believe me.P.s. The Library bar is quite the sight, don't forget to check out the dusty books!
4	Really cool atmosphere here, and reasonable prices for both food and drink. Lots of seating as well. Unfortunately it can be really hard to get to the bar, even on non-busy nights. The staff work their butts off, but the bars are just really short. Check it out if you've got the chance.
4	Cheap and cheerful place,Oldest student run union building in the world!
5	Aside from being a beautiful Hogwarts-like building, this is the oldest student union in the world, and there are many drinking, eating and entertainment options within.The debating hall is now often used to host official events, salsa lessons, shows and exhibitions. The dining hall is an elegant place, used for wine tastings, official meetings and society functions. There are many other rooms which serve as society meet up bases. There are 5 bars, the library bar, the loft bar,  the lounge, the new amphion and the basement. The library bar is the most aesthetically pleasing: imagine drinking/eating your supper surrounded by dusty old books, it feels like a time capsule to a lost academic world. The menu offers budget meals, such as nachos, chickpea burgers, soup, greek salad, veggie bangers and mash, chilli chocolate cheesecake. The new amphion has the same menu, plus a few daily specials, tea and coffee, premade sandwiches, and an exciting selection of cakes, including pumpkin cupcakes, tifins and carrot cake. There are many places to sit, from comfy sofas to practical wooden chairs. If you want to get away from the music, take your food and work into the attached room on the right, where there are also a few computers. The loft bar is apparently great for party drinks and cocktails, and including seats on an outdoor heated terrace! The lounge comes complete with a piano and elegant sitting areas.Teviot also has a game room, a club, several towers (private but I have been up there anyway...), and a few function rooms. There's also a traditional sweet shop!Not bad for a student union!
4	I never came here as a student, as I wasn't a student at Edinburgh Uni. But I hear that it's an awesome Union to have, and on the opportunities I've had to poke around it seems that way.During the Fringe Festival it becomes the Gilded Balloon venue. The Debating Hall upstairs recently hosted a Science Festival event. As an events space it can be 'meh' as they don't do much to change the space, just put some chairs in, and there were (lots of) tech issues.But it's a fantastic old building, and I love the different bars you can find, especially the library bars. It's like a labyrinth trying to find them, but they actually have a decent amount of whiskies on offer, and the staff are always friendly. In fact, the library bar is one of my favourites.I don't have many opportunities or reasons to go here, but when I do it's always a joy!
5	The new amphion is the best place in Edinburgh to study, it is comfortable, quiet, has a supply of coffee and free wifi for students.
4	Teviot has something for everyone, even if they aren't students...The Library Bar is possibly the least "student union" like bar run by a student union. It has some real ale and a reasonable (if standard) range of other taps alongside an ok spirit selection. They also offer better food than most of the union locations, with decent burgers and hand-cut style chips, pasta, pizza and soup of the day. The back "sports" bar has decent screens and low comfortable seating, a more generic range of drinks, but you can go through to the Library bar if you really feel the need.The basement bar often hosts functions, be it live acoustic sets or theme nights (goth/rock happens fairly regularly), it is a reasonable space with actually ok sound, so worth a look.There are other spaces, but those are the main ones and as I opened with Teviot Row House does have something for everyone all at fairly cheap and cheerful prices.
5	As an Edinburgh student, Teviot is an easy go-to place for any occasion: quiet catch up with friends, study break, quick lunch, coffee between lectures, birthday drinks...the list could go on! Located on Bristo Square, this student union is a very lovely looking building filled with a range of bars, cafes, meeting rooms, games rooms and even a print shop. I have spent a lot of time in Teviot during my time studying and it never fails to disappoint with its friendly atmosphere, cheap drinks and tasty food! Teviot is also the venue for many of the university societies' meetings and rooms can be booked out for events.  You will often find a huddle of happy knitters  in the lounge bar, dance groups in the debating hall or sports teams catching up in the Library Bar. Each Sunday the Library Bar runs a pub quiz, which is a great way to round off the weekend with a big bowl of their famous nachos!
5	I have so much love for Teviot.First off, it's a beautiful building. The world's oldest purpose-built student union in the world!Second, SO MANY BARS INSIDE. Especially considering the space! My favorite is Library Bar (isn't it everyone's?) just because of the atmosphere. It's obviously not a real library but I love the idea of drinking inside a dusty old library surrounded by vintage books. Plus, their nachos are pretty solid. Definitely worth sharing after a few pints...
5	What's not to love about this place?I came to visit for a tango festival a couple of weeks ago, and I was thinking in my head: I'm going to be dancing in. A. CASTLE? It was lit up all purple and beautiful, and is arguably one of the best floors I've ever danced on.There are tons of bars in there, so it's easy to find a quiet corner OR a bustling crowd, depending on when and where you are. Order the veggie nachos. Seriously.And while you're at it, try the cider with blackcurrant.Mmmm :)
4	It's the oldest student union building in the world. I would highly recommend the nachos there - probably the most delicious nachos in Edinburgh. Teviot is also a good place for drink as the price there is comparatively low.Keep an eye on poster sale as well. The posters and maps there are really cheap! 4 pounds each for a large one or 10 pounds for three. I bought a British map there, whose price in bookstore is nearly 10 pounds...
