5	I LOVE this grocery store.  I love that it is conveniently located.  I love that I know where everything is.  I love that the staff is so incredibly helpful and nice, I love the produce section, I love the beer section, I love that it is clean and organized, and I especially love the prices.  I've shopped around and found Safeway to be way to expensive and while Fry's occasionally has lower prices I hate battling the crowds to shop there.
5	I love this store!  The Managers and employees are all fabulous and friendly.  They go out of their way for me and my family time and time again.  Also in 1 year, just by playing their grocery games, I won 2 large free turkeys, 1 during Thanksgiving and 1 during Christmas, 1 $90.00 mixer/blender, and 1 $30.00 coffee grinder-all for free!  The most I have ever won from one place before!  Check them out!
4	It's okay... I go because it is close to the house.   I don't like that I don't know where everything is located yet.   Always seems to be clean and has freindly staff.
4	I enjoyed myself here. Typical grocery store. They have all the necessary things. Pretty cheap prices but I don't know much about produce prices. They have a variety of things including an array of beauty products. They had a pretty decent section for meats and seafood. Nice and slow in the afternoon. Perfect! The check out lady was really sweet.
4	This is the closest Albertsons/Osco store, and am totally happy to be able to go there. It is always nice and clean, produce is always fresh and of great quality, fish looks as fresh as it can get being in here in the Valley.Love the specials they run seasonally, and love the array of goods I can find there.Overall, I really like this place!
3	Ok, the supermarket is not terrible, but they don't have a fresh bakery. Their donut section is bigger than their bagel section, and the produce is not very fresh, especially the berries which have gone bad on me after a day. Compared to you local Fry's or Safeway in Scottsdale and there is no competition. But it's close and clean so they'd get three stars from me.
