4	Not a bad alternative for a somewhat healthy lunch.Get the ultimate chicken grill combo: with a side salad or chili and light lemonade for under $6.00!Place is clean and employees are friendly.The line here to order can get very, very long when they're busy at lunch time.
1	Extremely rude woman works the drive thru.  She was so rude to me the car behind me said "Oh, GD No!" and left.  Someone decent took over for her and handled the rest of my order, but I will not be returning.  The orders are usually wrong and having to deal with a rude staff member is just too much.There are multiple food eateries on this road, I would recommend to my friends to choose any of these other well known chains over this location.  There is a reason there is no line here and an empty parking lot....
2	Decided to give this place a whirl again and the service was horrible and disorganized for lunch. Employees spilling drinks all over the counter, employees moving the food pick up all over the place. Mass confusion and disarray. I feel lucky I got my order right and food right. Got the Ultimate Chicken Grill with a small chili.Maybe they were having a bad day. But I won't be back here for a while.
1	Horrible customer service and they gave me the wrong order in the drive thru. They took a while and the employees were confused on what order was mine. I didnt check the bag and I got a chicken sandwich not a cheeseburger. I am never going to Wendys again in my life. I am on a healthy diet and decided to eat bad for one day and I got the wrong food. I am very pissed about this and not ever going to a fast food restaurant. Figures, should of stayed with my diet hahah NO cheat day for me.
1	This place is beyond pathetic! Tonight will be the last night I ever go here. I love Wendy's but this place has ruined it for me. It's the closest Wendy's to my house and was an easy stop on the way home from work so I stop there when I'm craving a burger. Usually the food is somewhat edible but they never seam to get the order right. God forbid you ask for cheese, ketchup and mayo only on a chicken sandwich! It must have confused the hell out of the staff because what they gave me was a burnt to hell chunk of chicken with the usual toppings on it.     I'm not one to check my bag after ordering food. I've worked fast food and know how hard it is to NOT screw up an order. Since I'm not a bag checker I didn't notice the mistake until I got home. Normally I'd pick off the lettuce and tomato and throw a slice of cheese on it but this thing was hard as a rock. So...I took it back. I told them what I ordered and gave them back what they'd given me. Five minutes later I get my sandwich, that only took them a minute or two to screw up the first time, and I leave!      Like I said before, I'm not a bag checker! I get home and WOW, they screwed it up again!!! The chicken wasn't burnt to a crisp so it was edible and they did remember the fries this time but that's it! Never again!     Whoever owns this place should find another way to invest their money and whoever runs it needs to find a job they might be capable of.
1	Night crew here is RUDE! I'll stick to the drive thru. Girl at the counter was unfriendly.  So was the rest of the staff.
3	I'm not sure why this Wendy's has such a poor rating; my experience here was fine. Maybe I lucked out and came at just the right time or maybe there's been a turnover in staff since the last reviews. I went through the drive-thru and everyone I came in contact with was friendly and my order was correct. Really, for a fast food joint, that's the most you can hope for. I'm satisfied with my experience here. Hopefully it's not just a one-time lucky trip.
2	A couple coworkers and I frequent this Wendy's when we are looking for a cheaper, faster lunch. Honestly we've never had a bad experience here. Yah, of course foods not going to be consistent, but it's fast food. What do you really expect? It's also cleaner than a lot of joints I've been to. The food always comes out pretty quick. I get the usual, which is the spicy chicken sandwich. Sometimes I go with the fries, sometimes a baked potato. Definitely hit and miss.
1	The service was fine. In fact the cashier was actually pretty friendly. But, if there is one thing that will cause me to never go back is...When you order something specific and you get all the way home to find out it's wrong. So it goes into the trash... 8 bucks down the drain... And you make yourself a bowl of cereal.Now, with all the talk about folks working at fast food that think they should be making $15/hr:  this is exactly why you don't.  You had one instruction to hold the mayo and you failed.
2	It was a nice evening and headed for work then suddenly the manager called saying we are close today. I never had eaten that day because I though I was already late. Passed by this wendy's so I went inside and had a meal. The only thing that was really bad wendy's was their service. The food here was a little good. The place was also recommendable but the service is not.
1	The cashier appeared to be 15 years old. Seemed lost. I got sick from the new BBQ pulled pork sandwich burped it all day. Everyone in there ( guests) acted like they were on drugs. I left freaked out and disgusted. And I'm a huge Wendy's fan too. I won't go to this location in a very long time if I ever go back. Also junior bacon cheese burgers use to be $1.39 they raised the price to $1.99. That's so rude to loyal customers and it can't be called a value meanie anymore either!!!!! I'm so upset! Also there was no paper towels in the restroom we had to use the restaurant napkins, they didn't even bother to ask why we were using the napkins to dry out wet hands. I'm so mad!
1	This is by far the worst Wendy's I went to EVER! And tonight just confirm that. I've been living in this side of town for 16 years and have been going to this Wendy's ever so often but within the last two years the service and quality has gone down the drain. My husband decided to get Wendy's for tonight's dinner and I told him to get me the Pecan Apple salad. Everything looked good but as I was eating my fourth bite, I felt something sandy in my mouth so I immediately spit it out to see what it was and I was in shock to see that it was a BIG chunk of pure dirt! I was so disgusted I dogged into the bottom of the salad to find another chunk! Needless to say I will NEVER return back AGAIN. Sad that I can give them one star still but if I could they deserve negative star.
4	This location is close proximity to where I work. I was hesitant to come back and get another salad because the last time some of the greens were old. However, the manager was apologetic and of course got a fresh batch for me. Today's salad was fresh and on the spot with the dressing and bbq chicken on top. Some of the reviews gave this place "bad services" and I can see why. I'm giving this place 4 stars because I have no problems with their service except for that one bad salad I've got and most of the meals I've ordered here are better compare to other locations.
