3	oooooooeeee!!!This is such an Edinburgh shop. When I was taking a picture for all you yelp fans out there I was accosted by an employee of this fine establishment and asked my purpose and for ID! I've never been asked for ID from a clothes shop in my lift! PAH!This aside, this shop really does cater for the upper-class Edinburgh socialite. They have some lovely clothes, the quality speaks for itself. (as does the price tag).The staff are somewhat...erm...stuffy and the general atmosphere of the shop is somewhat pretentious I'm afraid to say.....but they have really good quality items and if you're into that sort of thing then by all means have a dander!
4	As with everyone else, my robes were hired from Ede and Ravenscroft, who were the official robe makers for the university from which I graduated. When you drape those robes around your shoulders, you do brim up with a sense of pride, even if you're paying the best part of 50 quid for three hours wear. I pranced around and swung my degree scroll with the best of them on graduation day.Well made and dripping in quality, Ede and Ravenscroft are the definition of old fashioned tailor. They've been around for centuries and still hold that air of sophistication.It's quite an intimidating shop to browse around - as Emily stated it is still a bit stuffy. It's ultra, ultra expensive but the suits are perfection, and the ladies clothing is a fusion of old Victorian styles with a contemporary twist which took me by surprise. It's modern and elegant - no petticoats and ankle length skirts in sight.This place is for the rich, there's no disputing that fact. I can imagine millionaire bachelors, ex military and gentleman's club members shopping in here. I don't think it's relatable to the everyday shopper. But then, it's carrying an old fashioned institution, so it doesn't have to be.I'll probably only ever wear robes from here but that's good enough for me!
4	There was a time when the streets of our major cities were populated by bespoke tailors, shirt makers, tie shops, academic and professional gown makers and shops that would sell every other item of kit that a gentleman might need in town or country.Now there are all too few such emporia, and of those that are left Ede and Ravenscroft is Scotland's best.
