2	My double cheese burger and Medium fries were trash worthy. The wrapper was hot so I thought the burger would be.... WRONG! The fries were warm but not fresh, you know how they get when they have set for awhile under the heat lamps. However much to my surprise my frozen mocha was very good.I called the toll free number and gave them feedback, first time I was ever moved to do that at a McDonalds! They are to mail me out a coupon to replace my burger and fries. I will not be cashing them in at this location that's for sure!
4	We go here because my husband can use the free wi-fi. We like the friendly people that work here as well.Debbie H
1	I literally waited in the car 10 mins before the order came out in the drive thru! Did someone say fast food!?? Oh and it wasn't even for me
1	i have been to this mac probley 6 times in a 5 year peroid and have gotten food poisening twice the latest boute 2 days ago on a cheese burger this location needs to be reported to the health inspectors. eat here knowing you have a good chance of being poisened
4	Slow service occasionally but overall a good Mickey D's. My favorite helpful newer employee there is the girl that goes by Angelica
2	Slow service and occasionally rude people working. I know it's only McDonalds but what happened to pride in work, whatever that work may be.
2	This is the slowest McDonald's drive -thru that I have ever encountered. How in the world do they turn a profit?! I only wanted an ice cream cone and I had to wait over 15 minutes in line for it. The guy's order ahead of me was still on the screen when I pulled up to give my order. He ordered 2 large sweet teas. You would have thought that they had to go out, harvest the tea leaves, and retrieve the water from the well!
2	McDonald's food is Mcdonald's and we all know that going into it, but at least give me decent service. Part of that is getting my order right which shouldn't be hard since I only order 3 things....2 burgers and a drink.How I ended up with the wrong drink, one burger and chicken nuggets, I don't know. However, they did do a quick fix for me with only minor attitude for ordering my food right and them getting it wrong.
4	I see other reviewers are complaining about wait time,but I've been going here since September of 2014 (it's close to my job) and never had an issue with waiting to long for my food. Always friendly faces and great customer service. I really love this McDonalds.
