4	This is a really cool, one-of-a-kind boutique. They have some of the hippest frames that I've ever seen, both sunglasses and regular eyeglass frames that you can get your prescription lenses put in. The Owner, Christy, is very nice and genuine, with a true passion for style. You would be hard-pressed to find a place like it - definitely worth going out-of-your way for!
5	Now I love sunglasses.... Though I like something different. Not the typical frames you see on each persons face when passing by on the street. I enjoy unique frames that fit my face but also give a different look. Now if your shopping for frames that have a different style both shapes and colors you need to set your eyes on this store. The small boutique is located at the Biltmore Fashion Park in the Union Shopping center. There are a wide variety of styles to choose from so even the pickiest shoppers can find something to fit their face. I have to say this not your ordinary sunglasses store because they offer brands, styles (including vintage) and colors I have not seen in the valley. For a person who has a large collection of sunglasses I was highly impressed with the brands they carried and the selection to choose from. Living in the valley of the sun it is important for me to protect my eyes. It is nice to know I have a new local store to help keep me healthy while looking trendy.The store is owned by two friendly Phoenicians who you can tell are passionate about their store and the customers that shop there.
5	Purchased a great pair of sunglasses from here last week. They have a great selection of high quality sunglasses and eyeglasses. The staff was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about styles.Prices are comparable to online shopping.Will definitely purchase sunglasses from here again!
5	My lady is hot... My lady is HOTTER in her new pair of Oliver Goldsmith sunglasses!!! Thanks to the staff at Framed Ewe for helping me choose the perfect birthday gift! The selection here is fantastic, so it really helps to have an expert help to choose the perfect pair!Not to mention how good it feels to shop local!  Definitely one of the best additions to Union at the Biltmore!
5	all handmade ! All exclusive items ! All every unique and amazing ! The lady here is super nice and awesome !!
4	Great products! I just purchased a pair of SCOJO readers and love them! Nice selection of merchandise in a fun location at the Biltmore. The guy working there was great. check it out, you'll love it!
5	I absolutely love this place! I would always buy sunglasses and would never really wear them. I found when I got them home they wouldn't fit right, hit my cheeks or just would be what I saw everybody else wearing. That is the big point of difference and what I loved about Framed Ewe. The owner Christy picked out an amazing pair of glasses that fit my face just perfectly. It was so comfortable and she adjusted them appropriately and now I can say that I wear them all the time. Have a couple pairs of glasses from the Thierry Lasry collection and I absolutely adore. Their styles are very modern but yet very unique and not something I'm going to see you and everybody else. I will continue shopping here and seriously think they have the best selection in town.
