5	This is real good that if you are close to the airport.  This is the place you should try.  I'll write more once I have time.$6.95 for all you can eat, good quality, hundred of variety with sushi and Mongolia Grill at your choice.  Can't beat it.As my boyfriend and my son said, if we see Duke Power employees, you know the place is good, if we see cab drivers, the place must be reasonable. They just open for a month.  Took over the previous Prime Rib Buffet restaurant.  Newly remodel, Chinese owned (I believe), clean, every guest said "good place" Many brought more friends there.Just try it if you are close by.  I'll definitely visit more.  Enjoy!!!!
5	This place just recently opened, and we've already eaten there a few times. It's much better value and quality than most of the other Asian buffet places that we've tried. In addition to the regular buffet, they have sushi and a Mongolian grill all included in the very reasonable buffet price. It's an especially good value at lunch time. Unlike some other places that have come and gone, Ichiban seems to put some effort into making sure that the foods on the buffet are fresh and hot. We will definitely be going back!
5	What a place!  Huge selection from sushi rolls (no sashimi), hibachi, shrimp, roast pork, pizza, chicken nuggets, and a huge dessert bar.  This is in addition to the standard Chinese buffet fare. Everything was hot and fresh.  There were quite a few people in there, but this is a very large place, I think it used to be a steakhouse.  Very clean, even the bathrooms. Lunch buffet is $6.99, dinner is $9.99; an outstanding value.  Open until 9:30 during the week.  Hope this place sticks around for awhile, this will be a regular stop for me now.
3	Not sure what all the hype is about.. this is convenient since it's close to the airport, but the food was nothing special. There is a LOT of food at this place, but in my opinion it's your typical Chinese buffet. They do have a hibachi station and sushi station. I would recommend eating from those two. Price is reasonable and there is tons of parking.
4	It's difficult for me to give out 5 stars, but if my kids said this is a 2000 stars place.As I am married to a woman from china, I eat plenty of authentic Chinese food at home and in and around Atlanta.  Ichiban buffet is your basic Americanized Chinese style buffet.  Ichiban had a very impressive selection with plenty of choices to make, a grill hibachi and sushi. We were plenty full on all this tastefully prepared dishes. It is one of the better places I've been, we even went back the day we life for some food by the pound.   Contact them at 704-393-7833visit them 3302 QUEENS CITY DRIVE
4	Very nicely laid out buffet with many choices. A very large selection! At peak lunch time, the steam tables did not have dried out and icky looking items. Everything was quite appetizing and wasn't dried out or drowning in sauce. They also have a hibachi grill where you can pick your own and the chef will stir fry it for you.Sushi at Chinese buffets is always my way of telling if it's any good and this buffet had some pretty good sushi. It wasn't perfect, but it was really good for the location.You can't beat the price. $6.99 for lunch. A very good deal.
5	Just a reminder, for special holidays, they're still open.  But dinner price whole day.  That cn be understood.  Still a good place to eat for price, quality and cleanliness.
3	I don't do the buffet style meals often but a coworker just insisted that we go try this place.This was surprisingly clean and had a very large selection of dishes one could try. I tried a little bit of their sushi California rolls which was edible but not overly satisfying. I was reluctant to try any of the sushi that had fish in it because you know, it's a buffet and who knows. Then I did the hibachi grill which was okay, probably the healthiest thing in the place since I loaded my dish up with fresh veggies to be sauteed on the grill. The price was only $6.99 for lunch. So I guess it is A-ok in a pinch.
5	i didnt even get to try half the stuff on this buffet and at lunch for $6.99 this is a steal...great sushi, great americanized chinese food, didnt get to try the hibachi but will next time, the desserts, salads and many many other american foods are on this buffet. well worth the money!
2	The buffet was decent but avoid the sushi at all costs.  I had to spit it out in my napkin.  It was honestly the foulest tasting food I have eaten all year.
4	I am still at the restaurant and needed to say what a nice experience for sushi buffet. Everyone is friendly and food is top notch. I travel a lot for work and this is one of the top places I have been for everything i need in a restaurant. Quick, inexpensive, good quality food that is healthy.
1	Avoid at all costs-food is worse than mediocre-it's horrible. Should be renamed ickybahn. The people who gave positive reviews have obviously never eaten good Asian cuisine.
3	The food was middle of the road. Some things were overcooked and limp with grease, others that are my favorites at other similar places were not to my taste. The lo mein wasn't bad and the roast beef really good. The deserts were tasty. The service was friendly and quick with refills. With that said, the last refill, the server took my glass and when he brought it back, the water tasted a little soapy -- like it was a signal to pay my bill and leave. I may give it a second try.
5	Great service
4	At $6.99 /lunch or $9.99/dinner this buffet cant be beat. Ichiban is more than "the typical" Chinese buffet as it offers sushi and a made to order hibachi station. Dare i say it....but the sushi is better than the buffet at RuSans. Also, I was much more impressed with my visit here here than at the $10.00+ more per person trip to Tin Tin. Ichiban is what it is with decent Americanized-Chinese food and other typical American fare one would expect to see on a buffet of this sort. Think beef-broccoli, sesame chicken, pepper steak, eggrolls, stuffed mushrooms, chicken nuggets, fried shrimp etc. There should be something for everyone. The food itself is pretty good considering the price. Sure some items, like the desserts are a bit lacking, but lets be honest here... how many buffets really excel in the dessert area? Keep in mind that visiting for lunch or an early dinner is probably the best time to go. Once i went close to closing time and there were not as many choices remaining. Which i personally can totally understand as it impacts waste and food costs. Overall, for decent food, huge selection, nice staff and great price i say Ichiban is a worth a shot.
4	i had a positive experience at Ichiban Buffet. i flew into Charlotte hungry, and this little gem popped up on yelp. it's a 5 minute drive away, so already hard not to like. i was seated and served my drink quickly. my sever was friendly and smiling. many reviews between yelp and foursquare pointed me towards the sushi. that was indeed a good move! after a full plate, i sat for a few minutes then went into the land of chinese food. there are many traditional and non-traditional options to choose from. sure, some things are greasy or fat-laden, but there are plenty of healthier options too. you can figure out which is which - it's not rocket science. for the price, Ichiban is a fantastic deal. i recommend it very much, especially if you go with people with disparate tastes. everyone will walk away with a happy and full belly!
4	Fresh food. Outstanding selection. Hibachi. Sushi. Friendly service. Crowded. Inexpensive.
3	Understanding what you are getting into is important to the review process - this isn't fine dining, and it isn't even fine food. It's a food fest, and on that front, they do what they do and do it fairly well.There are a number of buffet lines, and each gives you a decent number of selections. You even have hibachi and sushi options. Being close to the airport could help, if you are on your way from, or on your way to a flight.The only problem is that the service - yes, service, at a buffet - isn't that great. As an example, you can usually drop your hibachi selections for cooking, pick up anything else and then come back to find your food cooked and waiting for you. Here, the hibachi station is tiny, as in they can only cook two or so dishes at a time. That means it takes forever for them to process an enormous line, and by the time you finally get your food, your other food is already cold and the rest of your party is done eating. Not just their first plate, but likely the second, third, fourth, etc. If they fixed this, it could be better. Or just don't eat the hibachi.
4	OMG what a surprise.So, a few years ago this location was a prime buffet so it will let you know that I do not get over to this side of the interstate often, especially when I realized that this was now Ichiban's Buffet Restaurant (has been for more than two years).At first, the signage and outside appearance kept me questioning my ability to want to eat here, so I looked to my fellow Yelper's for recent reviews, and this helped ease my fear of the unknown. It was a solid 4 Stars.When I saw a few blue collar workers coming out of the restaurant, I knew I was in for a treat, and for just $6.99 for a lunch buffet, I was ready to take an adventure.It was very clean on the inside, and I was very surprised by the sheer number of buffet tables which were completely full with fresh food.  The food ranged from sushi, pork, lasagna, salmon, to chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken and more chicken. I felt I was in a Forest Gump movie with every known possible variety of chicken, and yes, they even offered shrimp, stuffed shrimp, peeled shrimp, firecracker shrimp, grilled shrimp, garlic shrimp.....I think you get the point.So, I don't have much time for lunch, but between the fast service, the number of tables and the fresh food, I will definitely make an effort to enjoy this buffet more often for lunch.They do offer take out .....you pay by the pound.I have added a picture for your enjoyment.
4	Given the number of critical reviews, I was very unsure what I was getting into when we decided to give the Ichiban Buffet a try.  Well, either we really lucked out on a Sunday evening or they have improved their act in the past several months.  It was a perfectly satisfactory dining experience.As noted by others, this is NOT fine dining.  It is an Asian buffet.  But the selection was large, the food was reasonably fresh, and we got good attention from our server, who frequently refilled my ice tea.The sushi selection was a bit limited, but it was fresh.  The offering for the hibachi grill were also fresh and the fry chef knew his business.  There was a wide range of fresh, fried and baked offerings for the buffet, including shrimp and frogs legs!  It would not be mistaken for 'health food', but it is definitely value for your money.
4	Had a little bit of most of the food. Everything we had was good at a good price. Service was good too. With the variety  of items no way your not going to get your money's worth.
4	Can't beat this buffet for a work lunch. Not only do they have asain food but they have a variety of american food also. Wanna eat healthy? I do not think a buffet is your place. You will get your monies worth here and I have never had a problem with my drink needing to be refilled. They take good care of you here. Happy over eating!
4	if you're looking for a cheap meal ($13 for dinner) with plenty of choices, this is the place for you!  Lots of choices, mainly chicken dishes and a few seafood options.  The American dishes looked overcooked, dry, and unappetizing, but I noticed quite a few kids going for them.
4	Really good food every time I come!  this is where I come when I dont really know what I want since they have a huge variety of foods to choose from. And you can even have the chef stir fry you something up from ingredients you choose included in the buffet price!
3	Generic Asian buffet featuring mix of foods from across the region. It's a bit of a dive. Selection: BFood quality: B-Service: CAmbiance etc: C-Price: B+ (good value)
2	Food is average. Make sure you take all your valuables with you. Their parking lot is known for multiple break-ins a week.
3	A lunch spot that can replace dragon and dragon house buffet!!
2	I did not try much of the buffet items. I mainly have only sushi and hibachi at Asian buffet places because they seem fresher (this has been my experience in other places). At this Ichiban, the sushi was okay. The hibachi was so greasy, which made me lose my appetite. Overall, the food was mediocre at best. The one on Albemarle Rd is better.
1	this is the WORST!!!! Asian buffet I have ever eaten at.  Things were barely warm, many were greasy, and many things had no taste at all.
2	For you hardcore/casual Japanese food fanatics, don't let the name of this restaurant fool you!  There isn't anything remotely Japanese about this restaurant besides the substandard sushi choices.I've been to Japanese buffet restaurants with the similar mix of Japanese/Chinese food and believe me, there are good ones out there! But not this one... I came here with my family waiting for our flight out of Charlotte and I more or less enjoyed the Yuengling more than anything here.  The majority of my time here I was having a hard time discerning what I would be choosing to consume during my time here... I more or less felt more sorry for me 4 year old brother who didn't have a choice really in what he was being fed here; poor guy.If you could care less, fancy yourself in some low-quality buffet, this is the place for you.I personally would choose Golden Corral instead of this place any day.
1	I would go anywhere other than here. The decor is less than appealing and the food goes right along with it. Went for lunch and waited 15 mins for the hibachi cook to lollygag in sipping a drink as he cooked our food. He ended up overcooking it so much that the veggies I chose were all mush and ultimately inedible. The buffet is mediocre as well and not as many choices as other places I've been to for a cheaper price. Service was okay. Won't be going back.
