5	We went to Sushi Yasu with a group of 22 (maximum they can accommodate). The food is excellent and very fresh. I was told the 2 sushi chefs were Japanese. There is no comparing this place with other "buffet" sushi restaurants.The restaurant itself is very small. The decor is a bit outdated but the food is so amazing that you don't even notice.
3	I've come here before years ago, this place was around when sushi restos weren't everywhere yet... not much has changed here.Anyhow, it's still one of a hand full of restos owned and operated by japanese people in mtl. The menu here hasn't changed much since then, it veers more traditional japanese cuisine, so no you will not have the montreal roll or some funky new spicy mayo fufu roll.It's quite a full fledged menu, sashimi, nigiri, and some makis, nothing fancy. Appetizers include agedashi tofu, tori karaage (still not up to my liking, still in search of good tori karaage in mtl!!!). They have teriyaki, grilled yakitori and jap style chicken curry. One more staple of traditional japanese cuisine, chawanmushi, which is an egg steamed in broth with mushroom and seafood, the flavors are subtle and an acquired taste. They also have ramen !!!The standout dish here is the grilled black cod, it is juicy and buttery, nicely done. The sushi is fresh, and stands up nicely, sometimes it's nice to go back to basics and just eat some fish and rice, no mayo, no spicy, no tempura. Agedashi tofu, bland and the tofu texture was bit soggy and dry inside, it wasn't silky soft inside so for me it's a fail. Tori karaage, fried chicken which wasn't too crispy and it was bland not salt at all... chawanmushi was also bland, prok belly skewer was dry and bland. Ramen and chicken curry were average.It's a nice quiet resto, and we lingered a while and had a very long conversation, it's a nice ambiance to sit and chill.
4	Excellent and fresh sushi on the south shore of Montreal. But I will advise: go there for Sushi only and order in advance during weekends or be prepared to wait (30 minutes to prepare your sushis when house is full). 2nd advice, do not buy anything other than their sushis (really not tasty and not worth it). Sake + Sushi is the best! They are friendly though
4	Very fresh sushi, and authentic japanese cuisine. I have never been here for dinner, but I really enjoy their lunch specials. The sushi chefs are Japanese, and one of the waitress is also Japanese. They are all very nice! Overall, I would eat here every week if only it was not in the south shore :(
5	The decor in the resto is bland, but once you try the food, it's all you can think about. The sushi is fresh and all the food tastes authentic. I had the bento box which comes with soup, salad, and a box of sushi, maki, tempura and rice with barbecued eel. It was all delicious. The resto is very small though so you need to make reservations.
