4	I've never been to a business that operates with such efficiency.   These girls are always on time.  I'm a punctual person and I appreciate it.This office is fairly new.  It is located in a new medical office park/building.  So, the area in which it is located looks fabulous and is clean.  The office door is right up the stairs to the right.  It is not at all difficult to locate.The ladies in the office are professional and they know how to get the job done.  I could not be happier with the services that I've received and I will go back and complete my treatments.  One of the better $99 I've ever spent.  I am SO happy with the results!  NOTE:This is a note for women with darker skin.  This office does have YAG lasers.  If you are thinking about getting Laser hair removal and you have darker skin tones, then you want to use the YAG laser.  Google it.  It is the best laser for darker skin.  Even if you don't choose this location, I would ask if a different location has the YAG before accepting an appointment there.I personally think that when I'm getting a cosmetic service such as this, the office should provide modern amenities that I don't get when I go to my GP, like WiFi so I can check my Yelp Messages with faster downloads.  :-)  Unfortunately, this office does not provide that service.  I wish they would.
1	If the price sounds too good to be true, it is because it is.  I have gotten good results with laser hair removal elsewhere.  When I didn't get any results at simplicity, I complained and they wouldn't give me the time a day.
4	I have been getting laser from Simplicity for almost a year now and I am very happy with my results. The customer service is great, I love the email appointment confirmations they send you - very useful and convenient. The Scottsdale salon is a nice new office. The staff is friendly. They have great deals. My hair is going away nicely. I'm very happy!
1	I feel like I have to constantly monitor my treatment, they constantly try to use the Yag laser instead of the Alexandrite. I suspect that they don't have enough lasers plus it will extend my treatments because Yag is far less aggressive. The treatment I had today was Yag and the girl lied to my face-I asked three times if she was using the Alex and she said yes or avoided answering. I worked in this industry, as a RN doing treatments, and I know it was a Yag. I will not be going back, once I complete this Groupon package. I am disappointed with their customer service as well. They are not friendly and talk down to clients.
1	I contacted Simplicity laser, by email via the website, about my concerns and have not been acknowledged. BTW I have had no (zero) fallout from my last treatment. I am so annoyed at this place!
1	Still, no response from Simplicity. I am going to write to them again today. I want an additional treatment to make up for the last one.
1	I have received a message from the corporate office manager, Jeanette, related to my  email but have not actually spoken to her-I did call her back twice, so far. My last call was Monday Oct 28, 2013 prior to my scheduled laser hair removal (LHR) apt but she just stepped into a meeting. I went to my appointment. Staff escorted me to the YAG room. I refused treatment. Told them that they have lied to me and I would not have treatment with the YAG. I left and wrote the following email to the corporate office.....I am incredibly unhappy with the services at the Scottsdale,AZ office!!!!!! I have exchanged messages with Jeanette at the corporate office in Utah but have not been successful in an actual conversation. My final attempt at an effective treatment was Monday October 28, 2013 at 2pm at the Pima Rd location. I left without getting LHR treatment and at this point, I would appreciate a refund for four of the six paid treatments. The staff is offensive and unfriendly and lie about the laser they use!!!! I am appalled!! I worked as a registered nurse in medical aesthetics for two years, I do have knowledge and the staff disregard clients opinions and expectations. Please contact me for discussion of a refund. Thank you, Carolyn BurrI hope they make things right. I'll let you know
1	If you want to feel a LOT of pain use their hair removal service.  When I visited this place it was my first time using laser and I was naive enough to believe that laser hair removal was a painful thing.  Shop around and you will see that there are other providers with much better equipment that is NOT painful at all. Do not use this provider. Avoid at all costs!
4	I just had my first underarms treatment today. I am not sure how great the result will be yet, but I am pleased with my experience with them so far. Since this location has many negative reviews, I should add my positive experience. 1. my appointment was scheduled through 1-800 # customer service with ease 2. the office location is right off 101 and easy to locate3. friendly and professional customer service over the phone and at front office (they suggested the membership and other package, but it was like "just FYI", and not pushy sales pitch)4. my treatment was quick and pain free! It took less than 5 mins for both underarms. I was shocked how quick it went and I even didn't feel a thing.5. the front desk scheduled my next appointment before I went in for the treatment, so I was out of the office right afterI have olive/tan skin with dark hair, so I assume the long wave length (YAG) was used, but I didn't clarify. The questionnaire on skin type was in detail to determine the treatment. Also they provide "what to expect" and "what to and not to" information.I will update my result later.
1	Very unfriendly staff. Very rude to the customers. Not willingly to help. This place does not have a professional environment and they do not encourage or train their staff how to behave with the customers. I have followed up for about 10 times now to get the referral discount from the customer representatives and I still don't have the referral amount credited to my account. Initially these customer representatives speak to you very nicely to get your business and later they don't even bother. We had to change centres since the technicians dint know what they were doing. Basically I m stuck cause I have paid the money but please don't waste your time or money here. There other better places that will give better customer service and treatment. i would strongly recommend not going to this place.
5	I'm surprised at the not so flattering reviews on here.  I have been going to Simplicity Laser on Pima Rd. in Scottsdale and couldn't be happier with the service.  Everyone is super friendly and the facility is very nice and clean.  It's easy to schedule appointments and they are very accommodating.  The actual service is great and the results are amazing.  I'm so happy with it.  I have been scheduling my services with Kasey Baker and she's just plain fantastic.  By far the best laser hair removal technician I've used and she's very nice too.
4	I have to tell you, I understand why there are so many negative reviews. In order to appreciate where all the completely justifiable complaints are coming from, you have to know how Simplicity Laser is set up as a business. There is a corporate office in Utah and then there are the offices where you receive services. The corporate office is comprised of the most unresponsive, shiftless, scattered, dishonest and unethical people you will ever speak to. To make matters worse, when you attempt to directly call the Scottsdale location to bypass the dopes, you can't; you are automatically directed to corporate, despite calling a local number. For some crazy reason, there is no direct line to the Scottsdale office! That is why so many people mistakenly hate this location, when they really hate the corporate office. To bypass unnecessary frustration, insist that the corporate office transfer you to the Scottsdale location and be sure to decline their offers to "assist" you.Despite all of the issues with the corporate office, I'm still giving Simplicity four stars. The people who work at the Scottsdale office are wonderful and will bend over backwards for you! The receptionist, Lil, is so sweet and funny. If you let her know you are running late, she will go out of her way to make the appointment work. When I mentioned to my technician, Michelle, that I wasn't showing any clearance on the back of my legs, she turned up the strength of the laser and went extra slow in that area. She was very attentive and made sure I could feel the laser working. Cass, the office manager, gave me her PERSONAL cell phone number (who does that anymore?) to help me correct a HUGE mistake that the corporate office would not acknowledge or correct. Despite calling corporate twice a week for six weeks (I actually scheduled the phone calls in my calendar to remind myself), the district manager at the corporate office failed to get back to me. Cass went out of her way to make sure everything was fixed and it took less than five minutes to correct the problem. Their kindness and customer service are out of this world! Now, if you do decide you still want to get laser hair removal services with Simplicity, you need to be aware of a few things. Some places offer IPL for hair removal; this does NOT permanently remove hair (I don't care what you heard). You need to go someplace that offers a Diode, Alexandrite, or YAG laser (Simplicity does). You will need to get treatments every 5 to 6 weeks for areas below your neck and every 4 weeks if you are trying to remove hair on your face. Here's where Simplicity Laser is completely unethical. Simplicity allows treatments for your face every 4 weeks and every six weeks for the rest of your body (as recommended), BUT they only allow you to get laser treatments on your arms and legs every EIGHT weeks (when they sold me the package, they said I could get a full leg treatment every 6 weeks--then they changed their tune). Even though the MANUFACTURER of their own lasers says you should get treatments every 5 to 6 weeks on all body parts (except the face), Simplicity claims every 8 weeks is the most effective protocol for arms and legs. I'm not a mind reader, but I would guess the "unique" policy was created because arms and legs are large areas and corporate wants to cut down on the number of longer appointments. Despite this lapse in ethics, I would still recommend Simplicity for your underarms and brazilian region (and definitely your back, if you're a guy--nobody needs hair there). They end up being less expensive than Laser for Less and their machines are newer and therefore, less painful (Federico, if you want pain, you should try the old machines! Imagine needles and the feeling of your skin being burned--the new machines are a breeze!). Be forewarned: if you decide to purchase bundled services with Simplicity, it is a MEMBERSHIP, not a PACKAGE. Simplicity sells you a time period (usually 18 months) that allows you the opportunity to receive laser treatments, but there is no guarantee of how many treatments you will receive because it's solely dependent on you and how many times you go. Other places will sell you a package with a specific number of treatments and no expiration date; that is NOT what Simplicity offers. If you can't go to the next appointment six weeks out, IMMEDIATELY put your membership on hold so you don't miss out on any treatments. If you don't do that, you will be flushing money down the drain.Simplicity also offers E-Matrix treatments for $150 a pop, if you buy a package. This is about the same price that National Laser Institute offers, but NLI won't do treatments above Level A because they are a school. Simplicity will go up to a Level C, if you can tolerate it. I would definitely recommend this treatment, since other places charge $500 and up for the same thing.Hopefully, these tips will help you avoid the unpleasant experiences others have had with Simplicity.
