4	The weak at heart do not often venture to the East Side of Charlotte.  Just take a look at the political scene.  Nancy Carter has been the sole representative for years, and while she is nice enough, it is certainly not through achievement - she simply has not had any competition, for who wants to be left holding that bag?  I speak of the city, not the woman, in case you are wondering.Whatever the case, there is likely no worse indicator of the state of the East Side than Independence Boulevard.  This blighted thoroughfare was at one point a bright spot in the city's future, arcing to the distant suburbs of prosperity.  Now it is simply one strip mall after another, many of which are in one state of disrepair after another.  Some have been remade - such as the old Circuit City and Toys R Us buildings, that once housed a fugitive.  The strip mall next door was torn down, to pick up a brand new BJ's Wholesale (which is itself now scheduled to close).Behind these buildings, barely noticeable to the outside world, a branch library, and a fairly nice-sized one at that.  Books galore, computers offering access to those who do not have it at home.  It is really a nice facility, if you can find time when they are open (currently 10-8 M, W, Th and 10-5 Sa).  It is really a shame that such a resource is not available more often, but to borrow a phrase, "it is what it is".
5	I enjoyed my first visit to Independence Regional.  I like the layout of this library and I was quite pleased when the items I saw were on the shelf online were actually in the location.  The kids area has its own space with a computer room which keeps the kids occupied, but they can also read a book.   There were a good number of young students using their own laptops to complete school work - - this is always a good sign!  After receiving direction on the layout, I was able to find my Call numbers very quickly and came out with three books that I needed for Toastmasters.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.  I know that we are so blessed and fortunate to have a fantastic library system and I greatly appreciate it!
5	Always helpful staff.
4	Charlotte residents are SO lucky to have such a strong library system in town!  The "Independence Regional Public Library" is no exception; in addition to a wide array of reference and readin materials, it is often the location for technology training and non-profit informational systems.For anyone interested in learning more about potential grant sources or how to use The Foundation Center reference available in Charlotte, NC, Lydia Towery is a wonderful reference librarian ho is always willing to help with learning the system.Generally speaking, the Charlotte libraries, have a wonderful mobile app available for Smartphones which makes searching for reading materials and resources very easy.  You can also reserve books that are not currently available, too.If you have not yet explored the library system, you must check it out soon!!!
4	This is a great library. It has a good layout and the staff is great. The Charlotte library system overall is great and this one is above par. There are a lot of computers and a wide selection of books. They had great movies at this location also. The layout is great and its really easy to find what you are looking for. I love that CML's have self checkout too! So lucky to have such amazing libraries
4	only a few minutes from Times Square, this is a great spot to take a break and browse. Also, you are right behind Charlotte, NC  which has awesome vendors and lots of activities.
