5	I went the fist day they opened. Awesome customer service. Sampled some of the juices. Couldn't find a bad one. Very happy their here.
5	Awesome Vape Shop!  Their stuff is the real deal, not the knock-off crap you get in some of the other shops. Joey was great to talk with and super knowledgeable about the hardware. I picked up an iClear 16 eGo dual coil clearomizer  after having constant issues with another shops cartomizers and leaky tank. WOW what a difference ! Their e-liquid comes in a 70/30 VG/PG ratio, which kicks ass for taste and flavor compared to other shops juices I've tried, which usually have a 50/50 VG/PG ratio. (VG is more expensive than PG.) I picked up their Doc Bailey's Elixir,  "Kactus Kooler"  (12 bucks for 15ml ) and  I am now currently in Vape heaven, YUM. Overall this will be my one and only Vape shop from now on. The shop is less than two weeks old and I am ecstatic that I found it. (Thanks Yelp !)  Well played VVV, Well played !!
5	Joey is an awesome guy. Ask for him. Very dedicated to this shop. He's very knowledgeable and honest. I live kinda far but I'm willing to drive the distance for awesome customer service and products. Plus EMS discount!! Whaaat!? Keep up the good work guys!
5	By far the best vape shop I have been to. Loved every flavor of juice that I've tried.  Customer service is definitely A+. Got me a provari which I'm totally loving...and thanks for answering all my 10o and 1 questions!  Will definitely be back!
5	Joey, Ben, & Carlo are awesome guys .. Great customer service, good selection of juice and gadgets .. Check them out !
5	My hubby and I recently went on a much needed trip to Sin City to have some much needed fun (we have two young rambunctious boys at home).  This trip we decided to be adventurous and finally try some vapor (to go along with our cocktails), so we looked on Yelp and Voila!  Vaper Venue Vegas is so awesome - clean and modern, tons of vapor products, great prices, and best of all the guys working here really know their stuff and know how to make their customers feel like VIPs.  We made sure to buy enough vaper goodies to enjoy in LA until we return to Vegas!
5	Always a pleasure doing business here! I'm sending all my vaping friends this way!! Love the variety they have. They continue to get more flavors all the time. I made the choice to quit smoking and have found a way to do it. Find a flavor you like, I personally like their MONKEY CREAM. its a butterscotch flavor!
5	Came in AGAIN to try some new flavors, pick up some carts, and redeem my free juice! They got an awesome rewards program free e-juice and other things as well. Ben was a great help, he answered my question regarding my mod. Went home did what he told me to try and BAM, it worked!! I have sent a few of my vaping buddies there and even they said their product is top quality(They are veteran vapers). I have even sent newbies there and they take good care of them as well. Always a pleasure doing business here! I'm sending all my vaping friends this way!!
4	I've been meaning to come in as I've heard good things. I was just across the street having breakfast so we dropped in. We of course went to the flavor bar to check out the juices. They have all the flavors up on their wall menu and you sample from carto tanks, all at samples of 6mg. We tried quite a bit, I ended up wanting Gorilla glaze which is a maple bar flavor. As the days go on it gets harder for me to find flavors I really want/need since we have such a huge collection. I don't have anything maple based so it was a must have. They have your standard starter kit fare as well as other variable v/w and mechanical mods and RBAs. They also have vaping monkey clothing as that is their house flavor/associated business. The 2 guys helping us were really friendly. We played around doing vaping tricks, talking about vapes in general. They have a fish pond inside there and Joey asked if I wanted to feed them by hand. I filled my hand with pellets and put my hand down where they can eat. I have never felt a giant fish mouth before, weird but cool! Good first impression. Easy going, nice people and good selection of stuff so I will definitely be back.
5	Nice shop, awesome service, all around a great experience! I will definitely be a repeat customer. The guys were very knowledgeable, extremely helpful, and totally down to earth.
4	Reasonable prices and the owner is a good dude. Highly reccomend this place. Great selection of accessories and of quality ejuices.
3	Alright so I decided to check this spot out it's nearby my house and I'm kind of into the whole vaping thing right now. So I stop in to try some flavors check the shop out. So first when I walk in I see the little koi fish pond don't quite understand why that's there but it's cool. Then I notice an empty dish looks like someone had lunch and forgot to pick it up. To me that's kind of gross I understand if you're the only one in the shop someone  comes in whatever but it shouldn't just be sitting out. Whatever I get over it. We tried the flavors out. I personally am a fan of the space jams so I saw they carried them cool. However they were out not a big deal those flavors always sell out. I try the other flavors. A few weren't that bad but I didn't find one not even one where I was like wow I liked it. Extremely disappointed. I didn't bother to check the prices on the mods had some nice mods on display. Nice selection of drop tips. Customer service was standard. Probably not going to stop in again.
5	Very nice shop. I just moved to the area and have been searching for a vape shop close to home. I was extremely attached to the shop where I used to live and until I walked into this place it has been one let down after another. The customer service was great. Low pressure balanced with great recommendations. Everyone was very knowledgeable and willing to share what they know. The selection of juices was quite frankly overwhelming but with some help from the staff and quite a bit of sampling I found some amazing flavors. They even added menthol to one of the juices for me to get it to be exactly what I wanted.
5	I was in LV visiting from Vancouver Canada. They came HIGHLY recommended from a staff member from the vape shop I visit back home. These guys were awesome. Joey hooked me up and let me take my time trying out some mods. I left with a BEAUTIFUL Penny mod (hits like a train). Can't say enough about how great Joey was. He really knows his stuff and their house juices are incredible. I will be making this my go-to stop for everything vaping related when I'm in town. If you live in Vegas you should make this your spot. Visiting from out of town? This place is a one stop shop. Awesome selection of high end mods and fantastic selection of drip tips, juices and accessories. Thank you!!!!
5	These guys r awesome!! Super nice they drilled out my wife's octopuss for us had us try some of the best juice they offer. Great place to hang out and just talk with the guys! Awesome selection of mods and rda's !
5	I love this place. Friendly people that are willing to help u out. Very knowledgable. All around an awesome place
5	I've been to 20 vape shops in Vegas this one blows all of them away very big selection in all types of mechanical mods and voltage verible devices along with a awesome collection of rba and rda and tips & atomizers they have all the goodies you will ever need they will blow you away there supreme liquid is the best in town. I recommend everyone to give them a try u won't go any where else. time to quit smoking and vape away with Vape Avenue Vegas
5	On Christmas eve found this shop open for wire and ended up sitting there and trying new juice and just hanging out and had a great time. Shout out to Joey he was great and answered every question  that was asked. My wife got a kick the the shop has a koi fish pond inside. Also the prices are great and a lot to choose from. I will return to this shop even if it's just to hang out and vape with good people.
5	I decided to try this place out yesterday, glad I did. I was able to find a juice that i can smoke all day every day called demigod, and the price was very reasonable. Sergio rebuilt my vape and it has never been as strong or as smooth before, great job guys. Keep it up.
5	Great shop,  friendly and helpful staff and a great atmosphere.  They have a great selection of juice and mods.
