5	I couldn't have been happier with my experience with Robert and his dad at Memories on Media.  I rarely review things on Yelp but felt compelled to after my amazing experience.  On Thursday I had called to explain what I needed (a VHS converted to DVD plus a few other film clips all added to a single DVD) and by Saturday morning the entire project was complete!  The finished product went far beyond my expectations as Robert has great ideas and is able to customize whatever you are looking for (he added music, transitions between videos, a customized CD cover etc).  His prices were also about 25% of another quote I had been given.  Sitting in the production studio with Robert was a unique experience and ensured the video he was creating was exactly what I wanted.  I would recommend them without hesitation!
5	Yes, 5 stars is as good as it gets. I'd give him 6 if I could. I brought in no less than 5 different forms of video. He was able to download and transfer onto cd's. He then carefully crafted my memories into a spectacular video. Whatever type of music I needed he had. If I had a idea of what I wanted, he could deliver. His custom cd cover was a great added touch. All at 20-25% of other quotes I was given. In this age of franchise big store mentality, a special touch by a small independent owner is important. Robert you did a great job ! this is my first ever review. I felt compelled to do this simply because of his great service.
5	This service was great!  I bought a Groupon.com deal and was able to get 5 of my VHS transferred to DVD!  Fast, very well done, and the owners are very nice.  Thank you!  The only thing I would have like is to have my DVDs labeled with the same names as the VHS, but there is a large blank space on the DVD label where you can write your own title and description.  I liked that I got my original tapes back, and that the DVD sleeves had spaces for MOM to state if there were any problems with the video or audio quality.  Great experience and very happy.  Thank you!
