4	This is a charming boutique-y place. Lots of lace and ruffles, though, so definitely a chick place. A friend once took me for my birthday and I have since taken several more people. The tea is referred to as "The Ceremony of Loveliness"... how girly! You select your own tea cup from a beautiful collection. You choose your tea. They serve a 3-tiered plate rack with scones, finger sandwiches and lovely desserts, such as flourless chocolate cake. The scones are wonderful and are served with lemon curd, devonshire cream (I think) and a berry jam. If you are hungry, they'll even bring seconds of the finger sandwiches. I will definitely be back. The folks that run it are very nice and service-oriented. Its casual, yet special. (Their web site needs help... it isn't well designed, but it gives you the basic info:  http://www.abbeygardens.net/)
3	Lace doilies of America Unite! At Abbey Gardens!Wow... I really don't know quite what to make of this place. Other than to know it makes me want to put on a fake British accent and call all my friends by names out of Jane Austen novels.This place is a tea shop, sandwich shop and gift shop, all rolled into one, in the middle of a Mesa strip mall. Once inside, you notice a hella lotta lace, doilies, china, floral fabric and pretty china easels reserving tables for people like "Mabel" and "Gladys."I went with several friends: One of them LOVES this place, the other one just barely held back vomit during lunch, and the other was sort of intrigued, like me.First, you order tea, for $3.50 per person. They have a huge selection -- but it's mostly not the hip, herbal stuff you'll get at a place like Mandala in Scottsdale. Instead, much of it has a more dignified, British flare. I suppose.I ordered a South African red tea with vanilla.They take you into a back room and let you choose the antique cup and saucer you want. Then they bring it out, along with another antique teapot and strainer.Let me say, my tea was AWESOME!We ordered sandwiches. I got a "pannini-style" veggie. When it came it had about 8 pounds of cheese on it and about one vegetable. So, while not exactly healthy, it was tasty. I gathered that the food was really simple, sort of like something your aunt Sally might make. At $9, I thought it was slightly overpriced.At the end of the meal, they bring out cute little tea cookies for you to sample-- those were excellent.I think this is a cute place to go with your grandma, or maybe even your mother, for tea and scones. Or, you can always go with your girlfriends. Just make sure they're not the type of people who can't squelch the urge to criticize your "tea party etiquette."Apparently I put my elbows on the table too much, and I slouch. I never noticed this until I went to Abbey Gardens...
4	Dearest Abbey, you lose a star because the price for the Ceremony of Loveliness is too high.  Granted you have included tip and tax in the individual price so I don't have to bother w/ the icky math, but $23 seems high for sandwiches, a few savories, scones and some desserts.  Didn't you also use to include fruit?However, you still rock a great tea, the food is good and it is so girly fun to browse and linger...I will keep coming when I want to let my inner maiden out.
1	I'm afraid I will have to give this place only one star for being an absolute pain to find and general lack of information. My mom, sister and I were to have a girly afternoon tea, and the nearest tea room was this place. I came onto yelp, read the reviews, looked up the location in the map. When we headed to the tea room, we ran into a problem. A big problem. Aliens had abducted the business!! Just kidding, but the business was definitely not where the map said it was. Instead we drove around a little and found it on the SE corner of Dobson and Guadalupe!  So we drive up and park.... only to discover that it was CLOSED!!  I'm not sure if you were closed down or renovating, but there was no way for me to find out!   Oh Abbey Gardens~ I was hoping for a lovely afternoon tea but was sorely disappointed. I hope to give you a second chance, but not until I have reliable information on you!
