4	So I called Domino's rival to order myself a pizza. I was told they couldn't make it the way I wanted. Hmmm, seeing how I am the one paying for an eating the pizza shouldn't I have it how I want? One would think so... Guess not with common pizza places.  Just like in life, you don't always get what you want when others think they know what you need. So I call Domino's an I ask if they can make me a pizza the way I want it. Yep, they sure could and they sure did!The wait time from placing the order to picking it up was 15 minutes. I arrived early so I sat in the car and waited. When I went in to pick up my pizza it had just came out of the oven. I was fearing as I had read reviews about this particular location that were less than pleasant. Smiles. The staff were very friendly and professional. The price was actually less than the rival I had contacted earlier. The store was clean. Pizza is pizza from the common pizza joints. It is what it is. All in all a wonderful experience. I'd come back.
3	I order from this location often. It always arrives promptly and fresh. It's dominos, so it's cheap if not of the highest quality. 2 medium pizzas for $12, worth the $2 bump over little ceasars for cheap pizza.
4	Pizza should be straightforward and simple - or, if you like, complex(!) We like it fairly simple - if we pick-up, we expect it ready. If we order delivery, we expect it within 30 minutes. This Dominos ticks all those boxes - they also have never made a mistake with our order, and the in-house service is quick and friendly.Considering some competitors make you wait 40+ minutes for delivery, these guys get my vote for local pizza in Surprise. Thanks guys and gals. :)
2	1.3/5 stars - Almost so bad I can't eat it. The hand tossed pizza is about 25% edge, 50% air bubble and 25% soggy mess. Sauce tastes like catsup and the toppings always taste like they are frost bitten. The thin crust Philly cheesesteak pizza is surprisingly good, but it only comes around once in a while.
1	Second time in a row these people botched my order. I ordered mushrooms, I got onions, which I am allergic to :( And all I got offered was dessert. Should've been a full refund of my $$. NOT nice. They did send me a second order, which was correct, and both delivery guys were quick and very nice. But still, twice in a row? Really?
1	We stopped ordering Dominoes after noticing that their coupon codes are a scam. Pay close attention when you put the code in, many times, while the overall order's price goes down a little, individual items' prices go up. If a business is going to offer coupon codes they shouldn't practice shady, deceptive practices. The pizza itself was ok but not great. Out of the 3 times we've ordered from Dominoes (online), we've experienced problems 2 times. The first time, the order went through online, then no pizza almost 1.5 hours later. Calls to the store = no answer (8-10 times) and then one answer in which the individual lied and told us it was on the way. We ended up having to contact their regional management office to get the situation sorted out. They gave us a $30 credit to our account that we were hesitant to use because of the crappy service. When we did use the coupon, the next order was ok although the pizza was definitely nothing to brag about. The second issue that we had was when we ordered online again and had no pizza 2 hours later. We called the store and cancelled the order. Then we drove and got some Chinese food. Upon returning from getting Chinese food, a Dominos driver pulled up to our house (a total of almost 3 hours after we had ordered.) Needless to say, after our 2 bad experiences, we'll never order food from Dominos Pizza again.
5	I did an online order for "50% off a regular price pizza if ordered online" and I did so for Carry Out, I ordered a large 3 topping and the total was $11 it said I saved $10 meaning that pizza WOULD have been $20 without the promotion. When I arrived there I saw a big sign on the window that said "Large 3 topping for Carry Out: $7.99" as I looked at this sign before I could even say anything Tyler the associate who helped me said "don't worry I already marked it down for you to that price", I was very appreciative towards his honesty and understanding. When I ordered, I got veggies because I can't eat meat, have not in 5 years so doing so could cause me to get sick, when I got home with the pizza I notice Bacon on it, at this point I can not eat that pizza.When I call over there to let them know, the first thing Tyler said was "I apologize sincerely for that mistake, I want to make sure you are taken care of" ...wow, now that is what I call customer service! He ended up taking care of the situation in a more than satisfactory way!The point I'm making here is that even though there were two blunders here, (it happens to everyone sometimes), the associate Tyler made SURE to fix them and make me happy. For that I WILL be returning to this location again.Thanks for the awesome customer service Tyler, that's all I can ask for man!
