2	One of my coworkers said that this place is better than In 'N Out. I can only think of 3 reasons for this, 1) She has recently been kicked in the head by a horse, 2) I have recently been kicked in the head by a horse and thus misunderstood her, 3) The Lenny's on the West side of town are much better. Still haven't decided which one it is...Went here because it's close to my office and I'm lazy (my lunch pardner usually drives and she is on a plane to Korea right now). I ordered the Southwest Pastrami burger and some cheese fries. Pastrami on a burger sounds like a solid plan to me as I love meat (as a carnivore). What I got was a couple pieces of pastrami on a boring hamburger sandwiched between 2 slices of soggy bread. The fries weren't especially cooked and covered in what is best described as 7-11 pump cheese. While I respect the fact that they have a lot of options topping-wise I think I will stick with In 'N Out and just bring bacon/japs when I crave something different....
2	green chiles on a burger SOUNDS good, but not when the burger isn't very good. i asked the guy what he recommended and he told me 'fries'. um, ok. but he ended up being right. after i wasn't a fan of my burger i ate a few of the fries and some of my $.99 rootbeer float. both of those are good. i probably won't be back just because i don't really want either of those on a regular basis, especially when the main dish isn't very good. those should be delicious compliments to a delicious burger, but not the only thing likable. in thought, a burger is relatively easy to make it delicious. it's pretty cut and dry but for some reason so few places can make a decent burger.
5	This place is way better than In n Out and prob just as good as 5 Guys. (I can't decide which I like better) the shakes here are exemplary as well
5	I love lennys for an all around good hamburger joint. I recommend a shake,onion rings,and a burger to wash it down.
1	Horrible, hamburger... I was not happy one bit. The booths are tight and the food is mediocre. Sorry I am being honest. The onion rings were not that great either.
4	It blows my mind that anyone can think In-N-Out is better than Lenny's. In-N-Out has to be the most overrated place ever. I have no idea what the appeal is; the patties are thin, the cheese is mediocre and the fries are terrible. The burger itself tastes okay, but nothing better than, say, Whataburger, which I think is a lot better than In-N-Out. Lenny's patties are actually beefy (pun intended), their cheese is good and their fries are 100x better than In-N-Out. Is it the best burger joint around? No, but it's a lot better than In-N-Out.
4	This might be the biggest bang for your buck in the entire valley. Lenny's serves up good old fashioned burgers, shakes, and fries... The decor is cute-over-the-top 50's and it just works just fine - Well done you guys! They even have a drive-thru!*Again, I am astonished that reviewers would give this little family-run joint such a hard time - one star??? A freaking McDonald's in Iran doesn't deserve that. How would you rate the What-a-burger down the street?  Huh? Seriously, save the one-star reviews for food poisoning you drama queens. (I'm mostly kidding - no death threats this time)
4	Watch out golden arches Lenny's is in town!  Great burgers, friendly staff, and a fun vibe!  If you're in the mood for a greasy burger and fries with a fun atmosphere you must check out Lenny's.
4	So the BF and I felt like a burger at about 9:15 tonight (I know... we are sick people)... we found this place on yelp. I was kind of concerned that this place didn't really exist because the Lenny's website does not list this as a location. But it indeed exists! We went by and it was such a cute little place. It's a tiny place with 50's style booths and a drive through. So we got a couple burgers and an order of fries to share. The burgers were just alright.... nothing super special, but definitely not bad. The fries though..... mmmmm...... they were really good. Hot, crispy, and just the right amount of salt on them. They were seriously yummy. While we were there (for about 10 min) about 6 cars went through the drive through. At 9:30 on a Sunday! So there must be something good about it. Also, it was very reasonably priced. All of our food totaled around $10. Not bad.... I'd definitely go back.
5	Great little place - convenient from the road too.  Drive thru is very nice to use especially after a long day at work.  Love their grilled cheese sandwiches and fries.  For two weeks straight, I had a yen for their Jamocha shakes - mmmmmmm!  For a nice little compliment after dinner for a little bit more, get the small cone of frozen yogurt.  Delicious!
5	WOW. A few days back, tried Lenny's for the first time, and was not impressed.. I was contacted by the owner, and he graciously offered to correct the situation. Instant awesome. I was an oscillating combo of skeptical and optimistic about my next experience at Lobby's, and I'm SO GLAD to say that my experience today was FANTASTIC. Figured I'd  bring home a few different items from the menu including : Triple Cheeseburger.. SO FANTASTIC. SO CHEESY. SO MEATY. SO TASTY. LOVED IT. GIGANTIC. HUGE. BurgerPerfekt!!! Also grabbed a few different hot dogs, and a Mexican Burger. Those were great too. The next real gold star winner are the ONION RINGS. These are serious. Huge portion, cooked perfectly, and absolutely wonderful.. batter dipped too (i detest breaded onion rings..)  I'm sooooo glad that I gave Lenny's a second try because I now rank them VERY high on my list of local burger places. WOO!
5	5 stars this place has the best milk shakes in the whole valley!! The burgers and fries are good but the milk shakes are exceptional. The people that work there are very nice too. If you're some what regular they'll remember you. I have recommended them to many friends and family!!!
4	We live in the area and have tried Lenny's twice - both times it's been awesome! I tried the burgers and chicken - both delicious. They're homemade ranch is delicious and they're burgers are so good with their homemade sauce.The staff/service is great - very friendly, prompt. My only complaint is they don't have a kids menu, but it's not going to stop us from going! We're definitely long-term customers!
5	I found Lenny's recently after a service account, and was very pleasantly surprised (especially because I was just trying to find some fast food for lunch).  These are some of the best burgers I've ever eaten, and the combination of surroundings, food, and service truly makes this stand out.The lady at the register was the sort you always hope to encounter at a lunch spot (and rarely seem to): someone who really enjoys their job and is determined to make sure you love the restaurant as much as they do.  She was friendly, happy to meet a new customer, and pleased to offer recommendations.  She was spot-on, too; I am picky about fries and shakes, and she was right about me being hooked as soon as I tried these.  The burger pushed it over the top.I think the most impressive part, though, was the restaurant itself.  It is a small place at the end of a shopping center, and I wasn't expecting much.  The decor, though, is really cute 50's-diner stuff -- chrome and red and neon, very well-designed.  The place is clean...as in, the cleanest restaurant I've EVER been in.  You could eat off the floor...of the bathroom.  Very impressive; just made me really confident in the care that was being taken in preparing my food.  The food is diner-standard, but this is no greasy-spoon.  I will be back.  Regularly.  Even though it's a 40-minute drive from my home.
4	Love the 99 cent rootbeer floats. As far as the food, I'm not so sure.
4	Nice atmosphere I love 50s style diners , have been to many across the nation . I will continue to visit here despite the fact that the older woman who claims to be a manager is a complete  witch , i asked her for a little paper bowl for my 3 year old to eat his ice cream cone out of and she basically told me to go to hell , my son ended up making a mess w the ice cream on the table and she gave us dirty looks , , spare a little foam bowl bitch
5	I LOVE LENNY'S SHAKES! They have the  best milk shakes! My personal favorite is the Peanut butter! The Burgers are good as well, but nothing like there Milk Shakes! The price is really reasonable! For a burger, fries, and a shake for under $10! Highly recommended!
5	Great Place. I go here pretty often, same with the one in downtown.
4	Cute little old style dining spot. Great burgers and fries.
4	What's there to say about Lenny's? Let me make a list:-- Awesome Shakes (all time fave is the Peanut butter/banana combo!)-- Great burgers ( I have had better, but these are awesome, good deals too if you look)-- Nice ambience (ugly on the outside, but the inside is very nice; complex owner's fault tho)-- A dive with a drive through-- The best Onion rings you can find in Mesa (and I would venture the east valley)-- an excellent pastrami sandwich-- Awesome fries (crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside; best served with ranch)-- did I mention it has a drive through? (how many dives do?)I highly recommend this place especially early in the week when you can get their 3 burger meals deal for cheap.
3	I went to Lennys on my way home from work tonight.  I live approx 10 miles east of this location and its on the way.  I ordered a burger and sweet potatoe frys.  As I was giving my debit card to the girl at the drivethru I ask her what kind of dipping sauce they had.  She told me the types as she was swiping my card.  I told her I would have some Fry sauce.  Well she had already completed my transaction and told me it would be 33 cents.  I didn't have change and I didn't want to use my card for such a small amount so I told her to forget the sauce.  My burger combo was over $8.  If I were the employee I would have said don't worry about and it threw in the 33 cents worth of sauce.  I am disappointed she didn't take that approach and probably won't be back.  Just doesn't seem like good customer service. The burger was good and the sweet potatoe frys also were also.  Definately not Smash Burger or In and out but better than McDonalds!
4	Small and cozy diner atmosphere. Good friendly customer service. Burgers and fries are really good. I will be visiting this place often to get my hamburger fix!
4	This is a really affordable and delicious place to eat! The hamburgers are really great and so are the fries.  I love the fact that there are several sauces to choose from to dip your fries in.
2	Ok, please know that I'm not knocking this fine establishment. Just understand that I'm a "burger-holic" who is looking for the best of the best...Having tried many, many burgers, Lenny's is pretty good, but nothing special. I thought the fries and milkshake was delicious. The double burger is a great bargain since it's large for a great price. The taste is nothing special. Also add that the decor inside is cool...Always love seeing the old feel at a restaurant like this.
4	Picture the Fonze, Richie C, Ralph Malph and Potsy eating one of the best burgers in Mesa -- better than 5 Guys, better than In and Out -- equal to Giant Burger -- and that is Lenny's Burger. And it's inexpensive. And it's like a 50's diner inside. Unfortunately it's like a deserted shopping center on the outside. Top notch onion rings too.
1	Poor air conditioner!!! And Not Great foods!! :-X.  Don't  go there trust me your ll be so sorry i was!  :(
4	When driving up it doesnt look like much but when you walk inside it is great to look at the decor and see all the signs they have up. The lady at the register knows her stuff. she was taking orders and money very good for doing the drive thru and lobby at the same time. We ordered milkshakes and french fries. Yummy all the way around. Thanks for the great experience.
4	I love Lenny's! The decor is awesome, it's local, burgers and fries are great, and they have really inexpensive ice cream cones and root beer floats. If I'm craving a burger, I head to Lenny's.
5	Great Burgers!  Fast service! Staff is always friendly!Located on Stapley between Hwy 60 and Southern; East side of street.
2	I had chance to stop into this place tonight based on the fine reviews here on Yelp!I afraid to say that I was underwhelmed after all the build up.  The burgers, while fresh were very basic.  I also didn't get the burger I requested.  It seems that the employees, which there quite a few were busy having fun and chatting about things for them to pay attention to what they were doing.  The fries were undercooked and somewhat burnt, which I'm not sure how they accomplished that.I'll try again going inside one day when I'm in the area to see if this was just a fluke.
5	I have been visiting this Lenny's since it opened and I was lured in by the smell of hamburgers as I biked home from work one day.  I been there with about everyone who will go.  I have had their burger on many occasions, but our stand by (my son, daughter and I after school) is cheese, or chili cheese fries and root beer floats.  The last visit was so wonderful I just have to Yelp about it!  I got my burger and it was perfect, our fries were perfectly hot and crisp (as always) , the side of cheese was warm and generous, our food arrived quickly and the service was friendly and attentive all around.  I will definitely continue to vote with my dollars for Lenny's to stay in my neighborhood!
5	When I moved to my new apartment I had no idea that I was moving a couple blocks from my best food find. The staff is nice, the food is amazing and the shakes are just unbelievably yummy without being over priced. The only thing is that they changed the tops on the shake cups and they aren't secure. I was a bit irritated that I got shake all over my hands while driving, because every time I picked it up the lid popped off. Just go back to the regular lids guys, we don't need the pretty domed tops if it means that we're going to get messy
4	Cute little 50's diner inspired burger place. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. It's located in an empty plaza right off the 60 and Stapley. I'm not usually to big on burgers but my boyfriend always raves about how amazing the burgers are so I ordered the Garlic mushroom combo. The burger was juicy and I loved that the fries were hot and crispy. ( I hate when places give you soggy fries) if you're in the mood for some good burgers and fries, defiantly come check this place out!
3	Had a BOGO coupon from the newspaper so we tried it out today. I wasn't a fan of the burger. I loved the French fries! Almost like red robin's. They also have many sauces to try (30 cents each) like cheese, ranch, lennys sauce, fry sauce, etc. Styrofoam cups are also a plus in the heat! Fun setting, lots of retro signs hung about and black and white checkered floor. Friendly staff too!
4	Man, I have been driving past this place everyday for years. From the outside it looks like some kind of dive. But it is not.       Finally brought in by the price, I was happy to see a newly renovated interior of a classic diner and a warm welcoming staff.       I ordered the chile cheese Fry's and the double cheese burger and they brought the  food to me. It was amazing and for the cost - outstanding!
4	I'll be honest.. The only reason we stopped here is because of the great reviews. The look from the outside looks old and dated but the inside is totally different. I loved the decorations and style! The service was fast and very friendly. The tables were clean and the food was decent. The prices were alright, can't beat the $1 root beer float! There is room for improvement... They need to have two bathrooms and the fountain soda sign says " please limit refills to 1 per visit " which I thought was odd. Overall, great place and it has a drive thru!
5	Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!! The burgers are messy and fresh. Which I love! For the price, and taste of the food, you would be hard pressed to find better. It's not a big place, and the drive-thru get a little crazy if there's more then 2 cars, but that doesn't affect how good the food is!
1	Today is July 18,2014, my wife and I went to Lenny's thinking it would be good as usual. We were wrong. My double burger was something that was pre cooked and dried out. Had never had such a horrible experience here before. Wondered how our food got to so quick, now I know. Wife was not happy with her hot dogs either. After going there many times before, will never go there again.
4	The fried zucchini is delicious. Dip them in some ranch and you can't go wrong. Service through the drive thru Is always speedy and its right by my house on my way home. They are always friendly but everything besides the zucchini is so so at best. I'm giving four stars because it is decent food at a decent price but it's not something I would go out of my way to eat.
1	I was blown away by the rude behavior! Very poor customer service. We went through the drive thru for the first time based on the reviews the other night. The girl working at the window was extremely rude! She slammed the window shut before I could even get her name.
5	WOW.I would have NEVER come in if my friend didn't work by and needed something quick.   The food was good, the service amazing (Kim the shift leader checked on us and was always friendly and was always smiling) and the ambiance SO FUN!!!! I was eating and singing the whole time!! Thanks for taking care of us Kim!!
5	Awesome burgers. If I'm gonna go to the grave over cholesterol and heart blockage it might as well be in Sir Lenny's hand basket. Well done.
5	Service is always excellent. Food is always delicious. And Shift Manager Kim makes us feel right at home.
5	I watched staff handle a disgruntled customer flawlessly! Super impressed! Also, they have great chili cheese dogs!
5	This place is amazing. Especially the pastrami burger. Do yourself a favor and check out this hole-in-the-wall type place. They have cool 50's style decor, huge and delicious burgers, and cheap root beer floats. I have never gone to Lenny's and been disappointed. But seriously, try the pastrami burger.
5	Lenny's was great. Burger was huge for price paid. Chili cheese fries were really good too. For a fast food burger, oh my this place is good! Expect to wait in line, but worth it. Fast service.
