3	Newly opened in my neighborhood. I'm cutting some service slack to the newness.This is a small place in the usual Glendale strip mall. The decor screams "strip mall restaurant" with two "hispanic" paintings, one on either end of the room. There are only 5 tables for 4, a table for 2 and two larger tables for bigger groups. There is also seating available at the bar (in name only, no liquor here!)Our waitress did not speak English as her first language, but was able to convey to us that she really liked the food and pointed out a couple of her favorites on the menu. There are quite a few pictures on the menu of the food, so if you haven't eaten Peruvian (which we hadn't) you at least can be "safe" and order by the pictures if you'd like. We were served a small bowl of large kernels of corn, toasted and with salt, as well as a yummy green sauce to eat with them. The corn was very tasty...like popcorn almost...There are two sides to the menu, Peruvian and Mexican. We ordered from the Peruvian side.  I ordered the "Papa Rellena", described as "The secret is the seasoning! Meat wrapped in a mashed potato shell, served with red onion salsa." Hubby pointed to the picture of the "Bistek a lo pobre", touted as "Peruvian-style steak srved with egg, french fries and fried plantain.Au contraire, mon frere (OK, I don't speak French, but I think you get my drift...)I got my Papa Rellena quickly (it is listed as an appetizer) and was pleasantly surprised by the tanginess of the red onion salsa...more of a pico de gallo with fewer tomatoes and a good citrusy zing. The rellena itself was the size of a potato and the meat??? Ground beef. OK, I'll survive. It was nicely seasoned and also had diced boiled egg in it as well. About the time I was done with my Rellena, the "alleged" Bistek a lo Pobre showed up. We discovered (by reading the menu when we got home) that it was actually the "Bistek a la Huancaina", which is "Grilled steak served with lettuce and potatoes, and topped witha creamy fresh-cheese sauce". Well, no lettuce and no warning that the potatoes are cold (as in chilled) as is the sauce. Steak was indeed grilled with just a bit of salt and pepper. I really liked the creamy fresh-cheese sauce...a very different taste...spicy, but not really hot. I ordered a piece of flan for dessert. It was AWESOME. Finding good flan in Glendale should be easy, but it's like the Holy Grail...this was a wise choice! Sadly, my husband took the good flan as a sign that the tres leches cake would also be tasty...he chose poorly...A thick slab of pink frosting with sprinkles (WTH?) topped the cake. He says the cake was good, but I would have had a hard time looking at that icing...it was like a 3-yr old girl's birthday party gone bad SO...having absolutely NO qualifications to judge Peruvian food...I was pretty happy. Hubby states he is in no hurry to return...good, but  bland, yet in bright primary colors (indeed, that creamy fresh-cheese sauce was yellow...like looking directly at the sun). I will most likely return to try another dish...the Sopa Crilla looks interesting, as does the Anticuchos. Another day..
3	I had never had Peruvian food before, but my friend's insistence led us there earlier this week. It's in a run down strip mall, and the bright fluorescent lights were not very inviting. The lady that greeted us was very sweet. We tried to order that purple corn drink, but they were all out. We ended up ordering another sweet drink that reminded my of Tang.We started with a the Papa a la Huancaina appetizer of potatoes covered with a spicy cheese sauce. Nothing special.I ordered lomo Saltado Mixto (ombination of beef, chicken and shrimp sauted with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, home fries and spices. served with whhite rice). It was good, though it wasn't a very good cut of meat.My friend ordered Lomo Saltado and wasn't very impressed, but he has something to compare it to.Still, we were both stuffed by the end of the meal. I wish we had tried the flan!It was surprisingly more expensive than I expected... but the service was great.
5	Your first soiree into Peruvian cuisine should be nowhere else in the valley, this little joint across the street from GCC is one of my favorite haunts. Its a shame i live in Tempe as this is a bit outta my way 8-(But, first off lets discuss the service: Gregarious? is the word im looking for...umm.. how about: expressively helpful and outgoing? That sums it up pretty much. I stepped into el Rincon Peruano w/ my one of my best friends and My ex-GF, as my bff is the son of Peruvian immigrants, he was my sherpa and guide into this tasty realm of incan andean delights. We started off w/ appertizers of Ceviche. delicious, fresh, acidic and mouth watering! and relatively cheap. we also got these toasted little corn nuggets whose name escapes me but they were also the bomb shiz. My bff ordered a Peruvian style Tamale, and los Anticuchos.They both looked amazing! he gobbled up the Tamale, so idk how it tasted but it looked and smelled like a treat. The Anticuchos were peices of meat skewered and assumably grilled and coated in a red colour. He greedily ate most of them but offered the Ex-GF and i a hearty (no pun intended) chunk of the meat. Now had my spanish been as good as it was in Highschool i would've been hesitant to try this, thank god it wasnt because this was one of the most delicious pieces of meat i have ever eaten! As we were chomping away on the Anticuchos he says: "those are beef hearts! bahahah" and she and i look at each other, a pained, nervous and guilty look on her face, and a momentary flash of reserve on mine. I ordered a huge platter of bistec con papas i believe it was called, essentially a huge slab of steak with big fries and rice beans and a fried egg, while she ordered a tamale. My dish was absolutely delicious and the perfect hangover food, to wash it all down we ordered a litre of inca cola- a golden limey coloured soda that is indescribably wonderful.We left el rincon peruano, humbled, happy, and bloated, and i am looking forward to feeling that huge again!
