5	I have an addiction. Its going to the dentist office for routine cleaning. Nothing like Bill Murray's obsessed character, Arthur Denton, in Little Shop of Horrors though. LOL Dr. Zacher has been my dentist since I was, goodness, 15 years old. I'm 31 now, so yeah, its been a long long time! With Denise being my hygienist since I was 15 as well. Went yesterday for my regular 6 month cleaning. As usual, everything went fantastic and I was in and out of the chair in less than an hour. My parting gift of course was a new manual toothbrush (which i take even though I have a Sonicare), floss, and toothpaste. YAY!!!! Had a few issues (cavities for the first time in a LONG time) back in March. I was NOT happy with that at all! But Dr. Zacher got me taken care of quickly and I am pleased with his work. I always look forward to going to the dentist!  Say Aah!Aaaaaah!Now Spit!
1	AWFUL experience today...long story short, I am looking for a new dentist. I love our old one, but he's a little far from our house...so, I started by getting recommendations from my area parenting board (the best board EVER). From there I narrowed it down to 3 offices and despite my broken arm, took Truman in his Service Dog vest off to check them out in person. I had a fairly dreadful experience at Dr. Michael Zacher's office. For those of you that don't know, I am a disabled person with a service dog. He is a hypoallergenic poodle and extremely well behaved. I was instructed by Dr. Zacher's Office Manager Rhonda that my dog was not welcome in their office (which by the way is beautiful with tv's, comfy leather sofas and a children's play room). I explained to her that under federal law, a Service Animal cannot be denied access to a facility. And, that I have NEVER in all my time with him (going on 3 years) been asked to leave. I can assure you that I am a very pleasant, nice (even fun) person. Truman was nestled near my feet having a snooze while this happened. He was not in any way disruptive. She told me that she would ask Dr. Zacher. About 15 minutes later Rhonda called back and told me the 'there was not a good fit', and that I could not use Dr. Zacher for my dental needs. I am very upset at being treated in this manner. After all if I had come in with a cane, would I have been denied access? The only recourse I have is to report back to you here and ask you to consider this when making your choices.
1	I decided to let some time pass before writing a review, but I find that even though several months have passed I am still disappointed.  I find that I am still very hurt by the way we were treated by Dr. Zacher's office.  My husband had gone in for his regularly scheduled cleaning.  The office wanted to take x-rays.  My husband was not having any dental issues or problems.  He was in for a regular cleaning.  He is in the medical profession and has done a lot of research about the overuse of dental x-rays.  He asked that he not have x-rays taken on this visit.   Dr. Zacher and his staff said that they could not clean his teeth without the x-rays so they couldn't help him any further and he left the office without the cleaning.  We never heard anything further on this matter.  A couple of months after this incident our daughter fell and injured her tooth.  When we were checking out, Rhonda said that since my husband had walked out on his visit that we would have to pay for his visit that day.  The total was well over $300.  I was standing at the desk, while Rhonda was saying rather loudly that since my husband walked out we had to pay.  It was very embarrassing since there was a family friend in line behind me.  I was so humiliated.  I didn't know what to say so I paid the bill.  I later inquired of several friends in the medical field about the industry standard for no show fees.  The typical fee for a no show visit is about $30.  They had never sent us a bill for the visit, but rather waited until I was in the office to embarrass me on the spot.  We are a family with seven children, one in college, and they saw no problem with being unfair and gouging us for the visit.  I have no problem with paying a REASONABLE fee for the visit.  My husband was not asked to pay a cancellation fee when he left, and we were never sent a bill in the mail.  They took great joy in embarrassing me in front of a family friend after coming in for an emergency visit. I am just so sad that after years of using Dr. Zacher, they would take advantage of our family like that.
5	*** Said to the beat of Shel Silverstein's "Crocodile Went To The Dentist." ***"Lindsey went to the dentist and she sat down in the chair. And the dentist said, now tell me miss, why does it hurt and where? And Lindsey said, well to tell you the truth, I've got a terrible terrible ache in my tooth..." This is where I'll stop my reenactment of the Shel Silverstein classic and continue on with my tale. After years of knowing I needed to get a different dentist, I finally listened to my sister and made the switch. She had nothing but great things to say about Dr. Zacher and his staff and I always trust my big sister, so I made an appointment. I just wish I had listened to her sooner and visited him much earlier than when I actually did. Now, going into my teeth cleaning, a tooth was aching so I had a feeling some work would need to be done, but I didn't know the extent. However, I was about to find out.The day arrived for my teeth cleaning and when I arrived, I noticed that it's just down the street from LGO which is a bonus right there! I entered the cute office and loved how fresh and open the waiting area was. It didn't even feel like a dreary dentist's office at all. I also saw that they have a play room for kids, so you can let your child play while you have your appointment. Amy, the adorable dental hygienist did my teeth cleaning and from the second I met her, we didn't stop chit chatting! She's so much fun, extremely gentle on the teeth and does a great job of helping you to forget that you're at the dentist getting your teeth cleaned! Another thing that helped my to escape dentist reality was the fact that they have TVs in every room, so I got to watch The Today Show while I got my teeth cleaned. Between Amy's friendly personality and The Today Show, I almost (almost) didn't want my teeth cleaning to end. I won't go into dreadful detail, but let's just say that the ache in my tooth resulted in several more appointments throughout the next couple of weeks. While the work that had to be done wasn't the most enjoyable experience, Dr. Zacher and his staff did everything possible to make it as painless and pleasant as possible, and they succeeded! Daisy, Dr. Zacher's helper, did a great job of chatting with me before the work was done so that I stayed calm, cool and collected. The TVs continued to play so I got to enjoy The Today Show or HGTV during my appointments. Rhonda was always smiling when I walked in and it always made me feel so happy to see that she was genuinely happy to see me (and me her!). Dr. Zacher worked magic on my teeth and after the appointments, I left with a mouth in tip top shape. He did great work and I never had one issue after the appointment. He was also very gentle during the procedure so it was never painful. Not only do I like how they do business here and enjoy the staff, I also really like the local feel to the office. Dr. Zacher grew up in the Valley and has been around for years. He's honest and helpful. He's not like other dentists who might not have your best interest in mind. I knew every step of the way that Dr. Zacher and his team had my best interest (and my budget) in mind. Rhonda knows every client by name and always has a huge smile on her face. I could tell how bad she felt when she had to break the news to me on payment, but she did everything she could do to work with me and make it as least painful as possible. After my last visit, it was bittersweet because although I was so happy that my work was finally done, I will miss the friendly staff who treat their clients as if they are a part of the family. Luckily, I'll be back in the winter for my teeth cleaning, and I vow to floss every.single.day!
5	I have been going to Dr. Zacher for about 7 years now. Every experience has been good and he is usually readily available to help schedule an appointment. I've had standard dental work done by each of his assistants and they provide I relaxed atmosphere.To illustrate his help - My brother had an "accident" in college where he fell, landed on his face, and chipped his two front teeth in half. My parents called Dr. Zacher and he got out of bed at 2:30 am to meet my brother at the office and do some emergency repair work. That's great service!
5	Words cannot express how happy I am to have found Dr. Zacher. Thankfully, I listened to a friend and got a 2nd opinion before spending over $5500 on what turned out to be unnecessary dental work. I had visited another dentist for a cleaning and a mild toothache. I was told I needed multiple crowns, fillings, sealants, etc. I was shocked...but trusted they knew more than I did and I wanted to keep my teeth past my 40's! As soon as I entered the front door of Dr. Zacher's office I had a good feeling. The office is lovely and comfortable but not over the top - as some are. The staff is very warm and friendly.After taking a look at the xrays I had sent over from the other office and a thorough exam, Dr. Zacher determined that I only needed a couple of fillings...Seriously. Of course the work I actually needed was a FRACTION of the cost I was quoted at the other place.I scheduled an appointment for a few days later...45 painless minutes later I was done. Done! I'll be back every 6 months for a cleaning. They've got me for life. I cannot be more grateful. If you want an excellent dentist that has some integrity... just make your appointment. You can thank me later ;-)
