5	Came to this salon for a gel mani with a yelp check in offer. Maddy was my manicurist who was very happy to help me! She has a background in nails and she did a great job. It's not often that you can have great convo with your manicurist but she had it! Will be returning! Thanks Maddy!
5	Amazing!  Went here because of the name will come back because of the service. Friendly, courteous, and just the right amount of talking. Had a pedicure, felt and looked amazing. Great!!
5	I was looking for a place to get my hair and make up done before the Justin Timberlake concert.. and they were able to get me in last minute with no problems.. Reyna did an amazing job with my make up, she is super experienced and knows what she is doing!!! Super professional.. and the place is beautiful!..
5	My sister and I went in there after seeing their ad at LVAC. Got a gel manicure and pedicure. The prices were very fair. Gels are always a little more expensive, but for me it's worth it because it lasts longer and they rarely chip. Erin, the woman who did my nails, was really sweet and did such a great job. The experience was wonderful. I will definitely be returning. Thanks again guys!
5	Third time here and each time it is a great experience.  Atmosphere  is fun and relaxing.  A must for a girls pamper day.  Pedicures and gel manicures are amazing and last for weeks.
1	Terrible experience. I made my appointment one week in advance, I show up 2 girls sitting around talking nobody in the salon. They  had no appointment on book and the stylist I made the appointment with wasn't there.  They didn't have  anybody  coming for a appointment for another hour and made a big deal calling the stylist. Very unplesant I walked out and called my regular salon and was taken.  I would never go back they obviously don't need the business.
4	I have been to this salon on a couple of occasions. The girl who always seems to be here is Erin. Excellent customer service :) she did a great job. Cosmo or mimosa with the pedicure = awesomeness I really want to comment on the decor. Love it! Very glamorous! Adore the color scheme and the wife open feeling. Chandeliers in a nail salon? Yes please. Love, love, love the decor.
1	One stare for the cute shop and very friendly receptionist. Went in for blow dry. The worse my hair has ever looked. Flat, bangs in my eyes, and whatever product was put on for shine would not allow me to style my hair once home. Had to wash it and start over. New grads from school, maybe? Will not be going back.
1	Prior to my appointment I went in there and spoke to the receptionist. She quoted me hair & makeup would cost me $35. After my session, it cost me $110. No explanation of why my make up cost that much. I feel that they pulled the bait & switch on me.Never going there again.
