4	Breakfast club sandwich on an English muffin?! So good!Had a 2 hour layover here and decided to grab some breakfast. They have what's called the Breakfast club sandwich which consists of avocado, bacon, egg, and cheese all on an english muffin! WOW such a simple combination, but they made it taste so freaking good!http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Eszx9mddqS-rZd1AK6rGFw&userid=pmKnNkGVgzhMkwJaTU5apAThe colors in my picture are so prettty!  The bacon was perfectly crisp and really pink too! It wasn't burnt and shriveled up like I've seen some places do it. This place is always packed because they offer breakfast foods as well as great lunch sandwiches! Everything here was so appealing to me I wanted to try it all! There is even an area where they have already made yogurt parfaits and tons of baked goodies to choose from. I also decided to get a bag of chocolate chip cookies and those were so addicting I ate the whole bag by the time I landed in CA.....Felt like a fatty. Their cookies had white chocolate chips and regular chocolate chips. SO GOOD! The cookies are thin but just capture the sweet sugary flavors so well. The workers are friendly too!Olive & Ivy is also a restaurant in Arizona! Makes me want to take a trip there and just try out that restaurant!
4	food turnaround was very, very fast.as for the breakfast food here...best airport grub that ive had in some time...selection of pastries and breakfast items was impressive...price wise...well, its an airport...so we wont judge based on that...BUT the food made up for it...they happened to botch one of our orders and brought us out a new one shortly...the customer service here is very good...very good management...very well organizedbest breakfast i had in arizona during my trip was the breakfast sandwich i had at the airport...how awesome is that?
5	This wouldn't be 5 stars if it weren't in the airport.  However, for an airport restaurant, never had better service and a fresher salad.  After a day's worth of travel, it was a pleasant experience to be helped and served by the staff and Olive & Ivy.  For instance, sitting at my table but I didn't have a drink and a young lady came by and asked if I wanted water...  with a smile!  She genuinely seemed happy to serve the customer!  Server behind the counter was just as helpful when ordering.  More than willing to change my order and make the already-made salad exactly the way I wanted it.  I will go out of my way to eat there again if I'm in the PHX airport.  Thank you!!
2	I expected this to be good because their regular restaurant in Scottsdale is good.  It was early morning so the Irish Oats sounded good.  Not sure what is Irish about them (I was expecting Irish Steel cut) as they really seem like normal Quaker Oats and definitely were not Irish Steel Cut).  They were severely undercooked, and barely warm.  The wait staff was quite friendly and helpful and immediately offered to replace the item with something else, which is why I gave 2 stars instead of one.  So the repacement was eggs, bacon and potatoes.  The dish seemed like it had been prepared well in advance and had just been sitting.  It was not very appetizing.  I gave two stars instead of 1 because they tried to make it right and I appreciate that.  Perhaps translsating from an upscale restaurant to an airport concession is not easy.  Not sure.
4	I travel a lot and spend a lot of my time at random airports around the world. Over the past 2 months I have passed through the Phoenix airport 5 times.  I have tried this place 4 times. I have to say I have been very impressed with the food.  It is a much fresher and healthier option then most airports offer.  I would give this place a full 5 stars, but the service has been poor each visit.  The first visit I thought it was a fluke.... I ordered a roast beef panini... After 20 min of waiting I went up to ask where my sandwich was and they had lost my order.  My second and third visits I had to ask someone behind the counter to take my order....in both cases the employees were just chit chatting behind the counter....This is an airport place....I would assume most people passing though are like me and are in a hurry.  Sitting around waiting for employees to finish personal conversations is not an option.  That being said... The food is good.
4	For those travelers looking for a quick bite to eat, but prefer something fresher than your regular airport Chili's, look at the new Olive and Ivy located across from Gate A4 in Terminal 4. Last year the City of Phoenix made a great decision when renewing their food service contracts to push vendors to bring in versions of local restaurants found thought the Valley. Here at Olive and Ivy, you'll find a fresh panini or two (recommend the Pastrami), a few salads and select coffee drinks made to order.
4	Amazing breakfast sandwich (the breakfast club) probably the best I've had in awhile. The oatmeal we could do without, it was too mushy with no texture... Taste was good though.  blueberry muffin was delicious! We do recommend this place :)
4	The food is very good for the style of restaurant (some hot food & sandwiches at a counter) and they've got good options. But the staff is what made all the difference. I was delayed for a long layover and ended up sitting there for the better part of 4 hours. They not only didn't complain that I was taking up a seat, but continually brought me fresh water & lemon, even before dinner time hit and I ordered my turkey pesto. They went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of.
4	This is a 'fresh food' option for an airport.  I especially appreciated their offering of oatmeal-I don't do eggs very often, so airport breakfast can be difficult if it's not a bagel.  Not the best oatmeal ever, but it fit the bill for me.  They had quite a line, but it moved pretty quickly and the staff all seemed focused on getting customers the correct orders quickly.
4	I stumbled on to this place while rushing to my next flight, I didn't have too much time but needed to eat something, so I tried this place.  I ordered the French Dip and a salad, I have to say it was pretty good.  They also have a great selection of pastries that I didn't try but they looked pretty tasty.  Next time for sure :-)
5	This place was so good I ordered seconds.  After waiting for the pizza I ended up missing my plane!  Doesn't matter food was so good I didn't care.  5 stars.
5	Olive & Ivy was a lifesaver during a hectic night.  We flew out of Phoenix to San Diego, only to fly around for 2 hours and return back to Phoenix due to heavy fog in San Diego.  So, we were stuck overnight in Phoenix.  We didn't bother staying at a hotel due to the long waiting time in arranging that and an early rescheduled flight the next morning.  That's when we came across Olive & Ivy around 10:45PM.  Thank goodness they stay open late.  And we were able to have a healthy and delicious dinner.  We got the Italian sandwich, turkey sandwich, and the Olive & Ivy salad (highly recommended).  The dining area has outlets at every table, and there is free wifi in the Phoenix Airport.  Even after Olive & Ivy closed, the wonderful staff let us stay in the dining area as they cleaned up.  At the end of the night, they even gave us bags of free Snickerdoodles.  The staff went above and beyond to make our miserable night in the airport a bit better.
3	Great place to get a quick bite to eat before your flight.
2	Wouldn't it be nice to write a decent review for an airport restaurant without biasing your information to the location?  Airport food doesn't have to be good, so it usually is not.  O&I tries a little harder, but still falls into this category.It did hook me from the start, in that it did not LOOK like your typical airport place.  The menu on the wall appeared hand-made, the food choices were creative and attractive.  They even have a coffee bar displaying a list of real espresso drinks!  Execution, on the other hand, wasn't what I was hoping for.  All the signs of fast-food were there: sloppy assembly, cold-in-the-middle-hot-on-the-outside temperature distribution, and an ordering process that confused everyone.  But most of all, the menu items were fast-food sized.  Two sandwiches would have been a more appropriate order for my meager frame.  And the coffee?  It was ok, I'll give it that much.Maybe some day the world will find an airport restaurant that doesn't capitalize on it's captive customer base by providing a truly decent meal.  O&I isn't there yet.
2	We flew on USAir and their terminal in the airport is SEVERELY lacking in food options.  Oh sure they are working on opening a few more joints this year but at the time our options were limited so we went in here.We paid $30 for two sandwiches, 2 sodas, and one salad.  GEEZE!!! And the sandwiches were more bread than anything else but as I said, in this terminal the options were limited.  One positive I could say for them as that they got your stuff out to you quickly.  I knew we should've eaten something in the area before going through security.
3	3.5On the pricey side (then again it is the airport) but the Mediterranean salad was fresh, and it did taste good.
5	Vegan option: Ask for a veggie sandwich with artichokes, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, and spinach!!
4	I am thrilled Olive & Ivy is in the airport.  Delicious breakfasts, friendly staff, and good coffee drinks.  Beats the hell out of Burger King.  That stuff will kill ya.
4	the OLIVE & IVY in the PHOENIX airport has a well-trained, well-managed staff. everybody was courteous, efficient and did an exceptionally fine job taking caring of us. not something that happens every time or even very often when you're flying between here and there. we arrived hungry -- it was a long flight from MINNEAPOLIS and, since we made the mistake of flying US AIR, we ran late (which seems to happen every time we fly US AIR between here and there) and didn't even get a bag of peanuts.the MEDITERRANEAN PIZZA had a super-thick, doughy crust and was not particularly good but JULIANA, the nine-year old, made short work of it anyway.JODI, the wife-unit, had the ITALIAN PANINI and the seven-year old a ROAST BEEF PANINI -- both were pretty darn good. especially liked the dense, crusty, chewy bread. WYATT even said he liked the tomatoes on his sandwich -- one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. as a parent, you take the little victories where you find them ...i had the MEDITERRANEAN SALAD (pre-made to grab-n-go but still fresh) with grilled chicken, almonds, feta, tomatoes, couscous, greens and oregano vinaigrette. nice respite from the meat and starch options i often settle for when we travel. cost about the same as a flight to LAS VEGAS but when you're hungry and stuck in an airport, what are you gonna do ??  at least the food was good.
3	30 minutes til my flight leaves.  I'm returning from a vacation filled with throwing down fat, sugar, and the worst kind of calories.  Thank you Olive & Ivy for providing me a quick and healthy option.  I got a basic salad, but opted to pay $2 to add grilled chicken.  The line went quickly, so I was able to sit down at a table and inhale my salad.  Protein, greens, I didn't feel as sick at myself as I was previously.  Far from great food, but I was satisfied.  More importantly, my body was happier with me for the time being.  At just about $9, It did not pack too much of a punch to my wallet either, for airport food pricing.  Meh, pretty standard.The sandwiches looked decent, but a little thin on the meats.  So I'm glad I went with the salad and added the chicken - maybe about 6 oz worth.  I was able to plug in my phone charger here and get a little more juice before jumping on the plane too.
4	A wonderful, fairly new restaurant addition to the newly added local food spots at the airport terminal 4. They offer delicious breakfast sandwiches and homemade flavorful muffins. During lunch a fresh variety of deli sandwiches are served on ciabatta bread. The homemade Sicilian style pizza is a must. The seating area is comfortable and modern.
4	If you want to get your 'swank' on, this place is for you.  It's a fun spot to meet friends for a drink and appetizers.  I love the tapas plate which has olives, fruit, cheese, pita bread, etc.  It's delicious and well priced.
3	Chocolate chip cookies are delicious. White chocolates and milk chocolates!!Yumm Yumm. Get the little ones served in the brown bag...they're much softer than the big ones.Adorable little fast casual stop to get a quick salad or sandwich before heading on your way wherever that could be within terminal 4. Probably one of the healthier choices in the area.Pricey $$$ but you're in an airport...what can you expect. At least the food is good and won't make you sick, because nothing is worse than sitting on a flight with stomach problems.
3	I really love the original Olive and Ivy so I was excited to see a restaurant addition but this satellite location just disappoints. Stopped in for breakfast and they clearly have the most extensive breakfast menu off the restaurants in the A wing. Ordered the Oatmeal (was missing the apples) which I said would be okay. But the oatmeal itself was way rich with the mousse and yet still very bland despite the fact that I added cinnamon and brown sugars. It's pretty much an overcooked sticky blob before the brown sugar. I could only eat about a third of it before I had to through it out. Ordered and Ice Tea which and then had to order another because the Ice Tea Container was filled with coffee. Fortunately, I had time to get a new drink but in a airport restaurant most wouldn't. This place just isn't on their game. My cinnamon roll was stale and tasted like it was 2 days old. $12 and I left hungry. Meh.
4	Just got a free meal tonite because the manager thought I waited to long ... appreciate the initiative!   Sandwiches were great!
3	The coffee here is pretty bad and they use plastic lids you can taste. Please wash the carafes. If you have time try cartel instead.
4	Not your average airport food. Located in terminal 4, they serve breakfast lunch and dinner and offer beer and wine. They had a good selection on the menu. I had the turkey club panini with bacon and avocado on it. The ingredients were super fresh and delicious. Would definitely order that again if I'm ever here. My sister had the grilled cheese which was just cheese on bread...nothing to write home about. The service was a little inefficient but friendly.
3	Bad coffee. Never seen that kind is machine before but it's definitely not doing it for me. Dunno, I guess I'm not in this airport much, so who I am to say how this place is compared to the competition?Still, the coffee was really, really bad. The $10 sandwiches looked good, but that's all I know about them. If I find myself in Phoenix airport again, who knows, maybe I'll be in the mood for a muffin and be in the same terminal. Maybe not.Thanks for listening!
4	I give O & I 4 stars because it is such a SCOTTSDALE SCENE that I want to really turn my nose up at it...but, really, it is intended to be that sort of place, and it is fabulous at what it does...so ignore the criticism, lol!  Really, at the end of the day, there is a reason this place is a classic here.  It may be enormous, but it is truly gorgeous, the food is phenomenal and interesting, and for a crowd place, nothing provides the same kind of elegant fun.  If you are over 40 and want to soak up the Scottsdale Nightlife vibe without feeling out of place, this spot is Paradise indeed!
1	A small bottle of water cost me $3.56. I cursed myself when I found out that PHX airport had water filtration at their water fountains. Bring your water bottles & fill up; don't get gouged.
5	Good little resturant in terminal 4, gate A. Line goes quick and while waiting you can choose your drinks in a refrigerator (not just soda; they have coconut waters, water, and others). The menu is great!!!. Paninis, salads, pizza I think and all amazing choices to choose. I'm a vegetarian, so having those chooses on the menu immediately gives me their vote. The menu is not extravagant, which is good for a person traveling. Also, great java choices if your not looking for food !!! Mmmmm
4	Great place to eat when passing through PHX Sky Harbor Airport. Consistently Good. A heathy choice with great taste.
5	Best airport restaurant I've ever experienced. The food was great and we had our food in less than 60 secs!
1	Been here twice.  First time they were out of everything I wanted on the menu.  Granola on the yogurt parfait was soggy.  The staff is so grumpy... they need some sleep.  Skip this place if you want some food at PHX.
5	I was so hungry after my 6 hour flight, I decided to stop by Olive and Ivy to grab something to eat. The breakfast club sandwich was super delicious and the workers were very friendly. :)
4	I got the bacon, egg and cheese club. Good, but not amazing. It's on par - if not slightly better - than Panera. I would recommend this place if you're in the area for breakfast. In fact, the bacon was worth 5 stars. Prices aren't bad either - for what I got and a coke was just over $10.
4	I have to say Phoenix airport has the best restaurants.  This was a very nice airport restaurant, I had one of the best breakfast shakes ever, and for a decent price of $5.  They also had very good cups of soup for only $2.
3	I got the turkey bacon and avocado sandwich. It was good not great. Great to eat because your at the airport. They have a television and a nice  area to sit while you charge your electronic devices. Prices are OK its basically salads sandwiches pizza. They also have some alcohol selections.
1	tl;dr: terrible bagels, terrible service, go elsewhere. If I could give this zero stars I would because it is a sad excuse for a restaurant. They were out of cream cheese at 8AM, but they had butter and jelly which you had to put on your own bagel. That would have been fine had they not charged me for the cream cheese anyway (even though I questioned it). The cashier was super curt with us despite there being nobody else in the line. They "toasted" my bagel in a panini press, which squished it down flat and made it taste like sliced bread. I also ordered coffee, which was below average. The worst part was probably that the lid to the cup was super flimsy (clear plastic that bent every time the cup changed shape, so that when I went to pick up the cup, coffee spilled all over my hands (and I couldn't put the lid on tighter or readjust it). All around a thumbs down. Would not recommend.
