4	Took my wife's Sequoia in for a small repair and was very impressed with this shop.  Great guys, very friendly.  Very clean and customer friendly office/waiting area.  I'll definitely go back.  They specialize in Toyota and Lexus repairs but can and will work on just about any car.  Check them out.
5	Great customer service and wonderful people in the front office! They did a great job in fixing my car for me. Certainly reliable and their expertise and experience shows through their work. I highly recommend their services especially for people who aren't knowledgeable about car repairs.
5	I was in town on business. I was very busy and called these guys to have them replace my headlight bulbs.  They said it would take a half hour, and they were right.  Very professional, friendly and affordable.  Locally owned and operated.  They get my best recommendation.
5	Great customer service with no BS. I went in for an oil change on my Nissan Versa and they didn't try to sell me anything else. Prices are much better than what it costs at the dealer for equal if not better service. I highly recommend these guys and will definitely be going there again.
5	Great guys here at Yota Pros!  I took my chevy in there because I wss referred to them and they work with you and have great communication through out the whole process. I would recomend them to anyone.  Thank you.
5	I have had my Toyota Camry serviced here a couple of times and my husband recently had his older Infinity worked on here.  The service, professionalism, and expertise is beyond words and will keep us coming back every time.  Highly recommend this place!
5	Friday was the first of many future service appointments with Yota Pros. The shop is owned and managed by the Williams brothers, both veterans of the automobile industry who have decided to leave the confines of the large local dealerships and open an independent shop. The facility has been completely remodeled, clean and fully equipped. They performed service on a used xB I recently purchased for my son. They kept to the quoted time and cost for the service I requested. Note, this is my first online review, I was impressed and wanted to say thank-you.
5	Michael and the staff at Yota Pros really know their stuff. It doesn't matter what year you drive, they attack any mechanical issue with a passion for discovery and teaching. I learned more about my car in the 2 day fast turnaround it took to fix a ton of issues than I had all the years prior.Gorgeous waiting room, plush couches, a tv, and clean bathrooms! I know that's ridiculous, however, I placed my troublesome car in such good hands, as well as a few family cars, and simply had to wait in a clean lounge until we were ready.Michael is so great with older clientele, too. He isn't condescending and really treats customers and employees with respect.Best of all, my car runs perfectly after a ton of problems he fixed. I now feel safe and confident on the road!THANK YOU, YOTA PROS!
5	Mark and the team are great, I had an appointment to have my a/c serviced, (which they were $10-$50 lower than anybody else I called) when I brought my car to them it had a wiring issue. Mark helped me out as I was a bit tight financially and I hadn't expected the additional cost. They were timely and didn't try to push other unneeded repairs on me to run up the bill. They addressed specifically what I asked them to and completed it in a timely manner! I almost forgot to mention, without me asking Mark offered me a ride to work or back home as well as complimentary pick up when my car was finished.My opinion? Best shop I've ever been to! These guys get my highest praise and recommendation, I will be going back for all of my future services and repairs.
2	Would have liked to use them, but they apparently are too busy to answer the phone. Too bad. Will need to find another non-dealership Toyota service ship.
5	Service was stellar.Dropped my car off at 2:45 PM for a standard oil change, tire rotation, and multi-point inspection. Was advised that my car would be ready by 4:00 PM.Had someone come grab me instead of waiting at the shop. Around 3:05 PM, get a call from the shop advising me that I should get my brake pads replaced in the near future and that my car would be ready by 3:30 PM.Came back to pick up my car and the invoice was even lower than the advertised special on their website.Will definitely repeat on future services.
5	This shop is simply amazing. From the friendly customer service to the knowledge of my vehicle, this place has it all. I currently  take my 2011 Toyota Camry here for service and maintenance and am never talked into anything unnecessary. Being a woman this is something that has always concerned me, I know I'm not well educated on vehicles so having Michael and Mark to depend on for my car care is something I appreciate. This is definitely my go-to shop, check them out!!
5	This shop is absolutely amazing! I was having car trouble and took my Toyota to the local Toyota dealership, they wanted to charge me over $1000 for an oil leak (i wasn't even sure there was a leak to begin with). In a panic I searched for a reputable shop where I could take my car to get a second opinion.One of the owners, Mark, answered the phone and explained how Yota Pro's could help me... they said they would look at my car for free and if there turned out to be a leak they could get me in right away for fix it. Took my car into them the next day and they were able to confirm there was a leak and they could do it for considerably less! Mark even brought me into the garage where my car was lifted and let me see the leak with my own eyes.I was so impressed this shop. They made me feel reassured that they were giving me the best quote possible and we not trying to rip me off. They had my car done within a day and even drove me to a rental car place so I could rent a car while mine was being serviced.This is a family fun business and their mechanics are Toyota trained (and work on other cars too) best of all, they work hard to give you the best price possibly and don't leave you feeling screwed over.I will be bringing my car back here from now on. Thank you Yota Pro's for treating me so kindly and fixing my car. You guys rock!
5	I brought my new (to me) '07 Toyota 4Runner to Mike and Mark after it started shifting strangely.  Mike and Mark assuaged my fears of a completely blown transmission.  They also clarified some misunderstandings I had about my vehicle, as well as brought me into the garage to show me my car on the lift.  They showed me the cause of my problems and carefully explained the service that my vehicle did (and did not) need.  I was given a ride home, and was called in the afternoon (as promised) when my car was ready for pickup.I am so glad to have found a local, trustworthy mechanic for my car.
