5	Real Gelato.  Need I say more?7 a.m.-11 p.m. Sundays- Thursdays7 a.m.-midnight Fridays and Saturdays
5	Like Mary Poppins, the Gelato Spot is "practically perfect in every way" (I know it's a weird reference, but have I mentioned I live with a 2 year old). Delicious gelato. Yummy, yummy tea. Incredible bend-over-backward-friendly service.Great hours. Always crowded but worth the wait. This is for sure my favorite place to go for a treat. 5 stars all the way.UPDATE: They no longer have a wide selection of tea at Gelato Spot (boo hoo hoo) buuuut they have this heavenly new thing (some italian word that starts with an A... sorry, can't remember what it is called exactly) that is essentially all I want in a dessert.... gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it....omg... so good, and invigorating... you must try this if you are a coffee freak like me!!
4	If you like european Gelato this is your spot... but presonally i like ice cream better... but i stop by every once in a while... they also have a coffee guy in the mornign but i have yet to try it... hopefully soon...
5	Well done, Gelato Spot.This place is pinched right between Zen 32 and Delux, and works as a complementary dessert to ... pretty much anything. I studied abroad in college and took a weekender to Florence, Italy where I was fortunate enough to scarf down some of the most unbelievably good ice cream or ice cream like substance I've ever had (it turned out to be gelato, obviously). This is the closest thing I have found anywhere in the US to that.
4	After re-reading my Delux Burger review last night, I was compelled to eat there again for lunch today.  I know, I amaze even myself enough to visit a reviewed restaurant.  Who knew? There was a 20-minute wait for Delux, so we decided to take a walk around the shopping complex to look at the other stores in the area.  Wafting out of their doors and in a tight radius around the Gelato Spot was the most amazing aroma of baking waffle cones.  I was lured in and instantly sold.The presentation of their gelato behind the glass is fun, done with obvious humor, and honestly adds appreciable value to the anticipation of devouring the cold, creamy concoctions.  But remember, we hadn't eaten lunch yet.  This was merely a teaser.  A rather vicious teaser.  And I wanted that gelato NOW but managed to exercise a tiny bit of control for the time being -- went to eat lunch at the best burger joint I've been to in a long while -- then raced back to get my fix.The service was attentive and complete.  They offered me samples before I could get a chance to ask and seemed neverending in their patience to doling them out.  They paid special attention to my daughter (Lauren, age 2) who was saying, "Oo!  I-Cweem!" to every choice in the freezer case, and they were very happy to offer her a flavor (after asking me, of course) of any she seemed particularly interested in.  Tip to service people of any type: Service that includes cheerfully accommodating my daughter is sure to win moms like me over for life.  Treating her like a distinct and separate customer is exceeding my expectations and really something I wholeheartedly appreciate.  The Gelato Spot did this for her (and me) today!I have read in other reviews that this place is always a long wait, but we went at a time there were very few people there, so I can't attest to the speediness of the workers when there's a long wait.  They were awesome for a short/no wait, though!The ambience of the Gelato Spot is comfortable and a little exotic.  I'd be happy spending a few hours there (bring your laptop for free Wi-Fi) with a coffee and an ice cream on a warm spring day.  It's an inviting and warm place to stay a while.I tested a few flavors that were honestly not wowing me in the flavor department.  The caramello was cold and sweet, but I wasn't impressed by any means.  I didn't really taste caramel at all, in fact.  I tried a couple others - one a sweet cream with chocolate chips which was similarly light on flavor and another one with hazelnuts that was OKAY, but not impressive.  Finally, I was impressed with and ultimately picked the coffee gelato, Ryan got pineapple, and Lauren got chocolate.  The gelato's texture is amazing.  To me it was like a smooth river of cold coffee that left nothing to be desired.  It's made in a special way so that the air is excluded from the final product (similar to your high end ice creams), leaving you with a dense, flavorful experience.  It's lower in fat than traditional American ice creams, but by no means did I feel like I was missing anything.  In fact, I felt more satisfied by this confection than I do with my normal ice creamy choices.
3	I can understand why everyone loves this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very unlucky and visited on a bad day, this Gelato Spot has gone steeply downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted like they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor good gelato!
5	The two locations I'm near happen to be right next to my two of my favorite restaurants - Pita Jungle and Delux - so I rarely make it to the Gelato Spot only becuase I'm always so stuffed. But the times I have gone have been pure heaven. I'm a girl, after all. I like my sweets.I'll just get a small cup and it's so packed with flavor and rich and creamy that's all you really need, and it's so satisfying. My favorite is the almond snickers, but I've tried many others as they offer free tastes of anything you like. They put effort into presentation too, so each tub has a chocolate bar, a piece of fruit, etc. to signify what the flavor is and it also looks pretty :)
5	I love gelato!  I can't believe it has less calories than regular ice cream because it tastes so good.  I like to try out new flavors all the time.  I love that they allow you to sample the flavors too.
3	Solid rendition of gelato to be had here.  Good range of selection and friendly people behind the counter willing to give you multiple taste before you decide on your selection.Standard flavors, so nothing for that extra "Wow, I've got to come back here" factor. Multiple convenient locations (they're up to 4 now with 1 more on the way) is a plus.
5	I go to the 32nd St. and Greenway location. It's next to Starbucks.Hands down, excellent. Love this place!!!!!!!!!!
4	I've only had Gelato once. That was last month.I had it here, at Gelato Spot - cozied up next to a fave sushi joint. I was selfish. I had like 6 samples before I could decide. There was alot of pressure to please myself this day, on the day I had my first-ever Gelato experience. A friend recommended the chocolate and peanut butter mixed in a shake. Instead, I went simple: one scoop of pistachio. It was remarkable - the perfect blend of sweet with nutty goodness. My friend savored the tiramisui, also an excellent choice if your Sweet Tolerance is higher than average. I'd definitely go back to this place, although I believe my selection of treats is smaller than the average person since I can't really stand a full-throttle sugar rush that many of the flavors proffer. But, hey, I'm good with the pistachio, thanks.
5	I think this place really exceeds at doing what they set out to do.  The gelato tastes great, the presentation is gorgeous, and the staff always seems very accommodating and friendly.I only give it 4 stars because the location doesn't really seem convenient enough for me to go as often as I'd like - the parking can be difficult, and it is not walking distance from very many night spots.  If this were in downtown Scottsdale, Tempe, or Phoenix it would be perfect.1/22/08 Update - I'm increasing my rating to 5 stars since they have since opened up new locations, one of them being Old Town Scottsdale.
3	Gelato Spot has pretty good gelato. I'd still go to TCBY for their White Chocolate Mousse Yogurt over Gelato Spot any day though. But I can't say G-Spot has bad gelato. The amaretto, snicker, vanilla were all tasty. I question people who proclaim that this is the best Gelato they have ever tasted. Well, there isn't much competition in Phoenix. There's a couple great ones I've been to in Miami, LA, NYC and San Francisco. For what it is, G-Spot has good gelato. But, there are times, I prefer getting a Dreyers Light from the grocery store and find myself more satisfied.
4	Love it! Seriously I am addicted to the Gelato here. It's creamy and light and delicious. The staff is so friendly and they don't even mind when I ask to try like 20 different flavors.  The best thing about this place is the green tea. They have the most amazing Macha green tea in the world. My only complaint is that it's about $4 for a very small amount of tea. I wish they served larger sizes. I could drink a keg at a time.
5	I.  LOVE.  GELATO.That said, Gelato Spot is right up my alley and if you love gelato (it doesn't even have to be as much as I love it - you can just like it or never have tried it) you should check it out.  I haven't had a bad flavor and you can ensure that by sampling as many as you'd like before making that ultimate decision.  They elimiate the "I might not like it once I try it" regret.They offer scooped gelato, gelato shakes, gelato desserts, gelato sundaes - almost enough variety to rival the endless shrimp list of Forrest Gump's Bubba, but not quite. =)If you haven't had a gelato experience, Gelato Spot is a great place for the maiden voyage.  The staff are very friendly and they will help you navigate the ways of the gelato.  I've also been to the Scottsdale location and it is equally tasty.  Enjoy!
3	+5 stars for the gelato and fabulous variety.-3 stars for the snobby clientele.+1 star for the awesome employees and putting up with the 23238782 samples I ask for.
4	I think the Gelato here is delicious and they've got a huge selection. My favorite combination is peanut butter and stracciatella. It gets a little traffic heavy around 8:00PM with teenagers finishing up dates, but get there just before or a little after and it should be easy to find a seat and visit comfortably with your friends.
5	I had never had gelato until my intern took me here about 8 months ago.  I remember it well, as I had just broken up with a loser and, like all girls, needed a treat!HOLY COW was I in heaven!  I tried a few samples (mostly because I love the little spoons!) and was HOOKED.  I love the Dulce de Leche.  Chocolate.  Coconut.  Ok, I have not had a bad flavor there yet!I always get two flavors to go.  This is where the extra star comes in:  They package it in styrofoam (who cares if it's bad for the environment, my gelato's in there!!!) and it made it home, still hard as a rock!I did research on gelato and it's actually better for you than ice cream!
5	This is a great gelato place.  They have  a pretty good selection of gelato, and the staff is very nice. The flavor and smoothness of the gelato was awesome. I've had gelato that has been more icy then creamy, this is SO not the case.  I will DEFINITELY be back to try other flavors. It is in the same area as Zen 32 and they share the parking problem. (I went on a weekend night, so that just might be a bad time) You can also check out their "Flavors of the Month Calender" @ gelatospot.com.  Also in case this matters to anyone, they have wifi.
5	OMFG, so gooooddddd.  I love it.  Better than any gelato in San Francisco, even in N Beach (Italian neighorhood)... Pistachio + Roasted Almond + Tiramisu + Stracciatella + Hazlenut; the list goes on and on!  Last time I was there they had oatmeal cookie flavor that I think was a special... it was surprisingly good!  This place has definitely been a contributing factor in the 5 pounds I have gained since I have been traveling to Phoenix .... oh well, worth it!
4	After a not so filling lunch, of not so good sushi, we definitely NEEDED some gelato. This place was really good, lots of flavors to chose from. My boyfriend had a peanut butter and almond shake and I had the coconut and baccio. Delicious. So good and very fresh.
4	Very yummy gelato....the Camelback location is especially great for people watching.  G'Spot is good and they offer a large selection, but I still prefer the quality at the gelato shop next to Le Grand Orange (not affiliated).
4	From breakfast time to a late night hollar "hit the G Spot."  I suggest taking some Gelato to go for your personal freezer.  People are drawn to Gelato, maybe its for the many flavors or the fact that its not that bad for you vs. ice cream.  To survive the heat one must know where they can find a cold refreshment from the summer heat. T Gelato Spot is clean, hip and spends a lot of money from its packaging to its overall look inside.  This gives it the trendy feel of our times,Scottsdale  Checklist 1. Flat Screen (a must)2. Bright Lights3. little spoons, (I bring my own spoon)Its easy to be attracted to lights, please don't over look the many old school Phoenician ice cream parlors that serve home made frozen wonders.
1	The Gelato Spot seems good UNTIL you try Arlecchino Gelateria.  If you're craving Gelato, do yourself the favor of cruising over to 40th Street and Campbell for the real deal.  But the Gelato Spot is open a bit later than Arlecchino, so I can see where you might have to settle for pre-fab gelato in a pinch. The Gelato Spot has perfected its offering for its upscale neighborhood.  The imported cases are as gorgeous as those displaying jewels in a fine department store.  The wood and chrome cases proudly show off a huge array of flavors gussied up with trinkets that correspond to each flavor.  The variety is a problem because they offer too many flavors for each one to be handcrafted daily.  What proof do I have of this?  I offer up Exhibit A:  http://www.gelatospot.com/downloads/calendar.pdf.  There you will find a monthly calendar that lists out the flavors available every day of the month and the "special" flavors that run for about two weeks at a time.  Dear discerning foodie reader, if the Gelato Spot was seeking out the freshest local ingredients and handcrafting their gelato each day, how could they possibly know what they would produce for an entire month at a time?  I also offer up Exhibit B:  Blood Orange Sorbetto in May.  The season for blood oranges ended months ago, so they are offering a flavor out of season.  That's not a huge deal if you're willing to settle for variety over quality.I've also noticed they tend not to adjust the freezers in the winter so that the gelato becomes overly frozen.  Of course, that's not a concern in the dead of a Phoenix summer.It's nice that they adjoin a coffee shop next door.  In terms of amenities, decor and branding, the Gelato Spot has got it all if you're looking for a corporate experience and flash.On one visit there was a soap dispenser in the rest room labeled "PLEASE DON'T STEAL ME."  It was gone by my follow up visit.  Apparently Arcadia is not untouched by petty crime.
4	Beautiful little shop.  It's all about presentation here-the decor, the cases, the garnishes on the gelato, and the bathroom...let's just say it's most likely cleaner and nicer than your own.A billion flavors to choose from.  Or at least it seems like a billion when you're under pressure to choose one before everyone else in line gets pissed off at your indecisiveness.  But as for the gelato, it's good but not the best I've had.  I actually prefer Gelato Old Town in Scottsdale which is far less pretentious.  Also, today there were air pockets in my cup.  Yes, air pockets.  When I'm paying $3.50 for a tiny little cup, I expect it to be packed in there.  We are the fattest country in the world-we didn't get that way with air pockets!
4	Gelato... Yum.  When I visited Italy in college I was taken aback by how many people I saw eating gelato on the streets.  It was not just children but business men, professionals, old people, young people, green people, blue people.... everyone was enjoying this delicious treat!  After my first taste I knew why right away!Gelato is like ice cream, but different.  I wont get into the recipe and what makes it different, all you need to know is it is GOOD!The Gelato spot is the closest I have gotten to that same great experience I first had in Rome... fantastic, refreshing, tasty... so much like ice cream but so much more.I don't even know why I am bothering to review it though, everyone and their mailman has already discovered how great this place is!
4	Sure fine, it's a Gelato store.  I've tried a few flavors and can't complain.  Typical pimple-faced staff, so if you stay inside to eat you might be bothered by the teen staff a bit.   My only gripe with every American gelato places is that the portions are still to big.  It was about 1 euro for a shot glass sized serving of gelato all over Europe and that's the way I came to know gelato.  Ice cream I'll eat a big bowl, but gelato I just want a few bites of that silky smoothness.
4	As their shirts say, "I hit the G Spot."And yup, we definitely hit the g spot! They had over what it seemed like 20 different flavors -- ranging from chocolate gelato to fruity gelato. It's nice that you can sample as many flavors as you want before deciding on one or two or three. The ones I tried were...BACIO (dark chocolate w/ hazelnut) - DeliciousPASSIONFRUIT - toooooo tangy/sourMANGO - Tasted like real mangoesSo after tasting just 3 of them since I was way stuffed from Delux, I settled w/ the mango. You can also get gelato to-go. They pack it in styrofoam cases for you so I thought that was awesome. I also noticed that you could also order gelato cakes! Yum.Cute place.Tasty gelato.What are you waiting for...??!
3	I went in for frozen yogurt but they didn't have any, plenty of yummy looking gelato and coffees.Staff was more interested in talking with each other then helping the patrons.
4	I used to work here. I won't get into the hairy details of being employed here (what the hell was I thinking) or let it sway my review, even if it was just for one month, but the gelato itself was great. This is my only gelato experience. There may be better out there, hell there probably is, but this was damn good for my only experience.One word: Baccio. It's all you need.Try combining some of the flavors, too. The staff know which combine well, and which combine to make awesome (or interesting) flavors. Strawberry and banana? Check. Coconut and chocolate? Check. Peanut butter and Berry (to make PB&J?) ... okay, sure. check.Four stars strictly based on the gelato. And the windows on the gelato display, because I sure as hell spent many backbreaking moments windexing the damn things every ten minutes for the public's viewing pleasure.
5	Went late, late last night after the Fez hangout.  I feel guilt-free when going there!  We arrived a bit after 11:30 and let me just say I am soooooooo thankful (or scared) to know that it's open till midnight!Had the peanut butter (yes, another cream in my "Make Me Yelp" boyshorts) and a chocolate caramel brownie orgasm in a bowl.Service was super-friendly and the place was really clean.
5	Yay for Gelato!  The Gelato Spot has lots of great flavors and options - all fresh and beautiful.  The staff is friendly and it is a nice atmosphere.  When we go out for dessert, this is the spot.
3	Meh...it was ok... The Gelato was good, but VERY stingy with the portions.  They don't even fill up the cup!
4	What can I say that hasn't been said . It's yummy , creamy, and so delicious. This is so tasty!!! And nicely located by Delux...wooohhoo! We have decided as a family  (My  family members that I  take on my adventures across the valley)    to nominate Peanut Butter as the best flavor ever!   Mom was the only hold out and feels that their sugar free flavors are divine.  Today they had Strawberry and Lemon.
4	i like gelato spot, if i'm in the area i'll stop in for something. i love how they have very unique flavors and let you sample them. i could stand there an sample every flavor they have just to avoid paying for some. but...i don't think every flavor would mix well. i'd probably get sick. that would not be a good thing. it would then be a vomit spot. :\ thats no good.
1	They don't even make their own "fior di latte", the extremely important gelato base that is at the heart of any serious, authentic gelato. Arlecchino down the street is like a gazillion times better! And, they are actually Italian!!!!!!!!!!!!!Even Italian tourists I've seen go into Arlecchino were like, practically in tears over the magnificent artistry of the super-quality, super delicious authentic concoctions they were tasting. So why do people go to less authentic places? Well, it's like this: if one has only ever tasted generic, inferior quality grocery store ice-cream from the supermarket, and has never tasted, say, Haagen Dazs, then one wouldn't know the difference. Well ragazzi, it's time to taste the real mccoy...just have to drive a few minutes down the street where their gelato really does hit the "g-spot" (hehe!!)  :)Non mangiate mai le schifezze, santa pace!!
4	Looking for a great place for a first date that is fun, a little different, trendy enough, and is a great place to talk? I would recommend the G-Spot. The G-Spot serves great, euro-style gelato in small, flavorful portions. I am fond of their fruity creations like the perfectly balanced Forest Berry blend, their Blood Orange, and the Kiwi. I have also enjoyed some of the non-fruity concoctions like the traditional stracciatella and even Snickers. I lean toward the fruit and berry flavors, though, because the sugary gelatos tend to be too rich.The shop has a small indoor seating area, and a large outdoor patio that stays comfortable most of the year. It is right on 32nd street so there is some street noise, but it is a great place for conversation (and free, fast wifi).The teeny-bopper service can be spotty at times, but it is a great place to go for something unique and special. By the way: I know that Arlecchino, just down the street, is more authentic, and possibly even better in terms of quality, but I get an anxiety attack just thinking about parking on the corner that it shares with LGO, Postino, etc. I am willing to settle for slightly less authentic gelato in exchange for a much better overall experience at the G-Spot.
4	great product and excellent service, consistently, not a big fan of coffee but when i go it smells so good i always end up grabbing some.  love the atmosphere, great concept
4	YUM YUM YUM!  I LOVE gelato.  I also love the cheeky little nickname of this place "the G spot."  As far as the layout and service of this place goes, they really only deserve a couple stars.  The layout makes it very unclear where you are supposed to order and when this place is crowded, it can be a nightmare.  The kids behind the counter are more often than not just as confused as the customers and they just kind of hover around and wait to be pounced on.  The gelato here is outstanding.  It's all very fresh, and you can taste that.  My favorite flavor here is either the cheesecake or the bacio.  Good stuff.  Their fruit flavors are all excellent too, very sweet and tart at the same time.  They make great palate cleansers too.  Definitely a good place to try sometime, but make sure you are agressive and push your way to the front and ask for help if it's crowded.  Don't be afraid to ask for samples either.
4	I love this location and ambiance.  It's bright, hip and open late.  I think I would have enjoyed it more if we didn't have a horrible dinner at Akai Hana Sushi.  When we drove up around 10pm on Sat night, there were so many people still out enjoying themselves.  They have good selections and the flavors are pretty good. *Ambiance = cool, hip, fun*Gelato = I still prefer flavors of Gelato 64 but it's definitely similar enough*Service = very good
3	The joy that was Gelato Spot has lost it's glimmer . Tonight's visit was a jumble of poor service  and icy flavors . Maybe I am just jaded by the newer places I have been to  but this didn't taste fresh ,I keep feeling like I was tasting icy flavor instead of pure flavors.  As for service get your act together people , you have five families in your store and you have no idea how to serve them , scoop for this person .scoop for  that person ,serve half a party then start a different group , my daughter was done with hers before the last person in our group got served, bad form!  who is the cashier? , who is handing out scoops?, who is helping? ...what a mess!!
4	"Gelato is good, Gelato is fine, I want to marry Gelato and make him all mine!"This is what I sing when I eat my Gelato. People kind of look at me funny, but I don't care, I loooooove my Gelato!(Yeah, I totally made that up.)The Gelato Spot was my first adventure to a freestanding Gelato shop. And, I must say it was memorable. Oh, the flavors! Screw Baskin Robbin's 31, when you've got decadent ones like Stracciatella, Bacio, Roche and Tiramisu. They are super rich and delicious -- just like I like my men (rim shot, anyone?!). It was so hard for me to decide which flavor to get, I let a handful of people order before me, so I could stare longingly at the tubs of goodness that awaited my salivating mouth. I ended up getting one scoop of the Bacio in a sugar cone, and I was not disappointed. The only word that will suffice is... YUMMY!I know I'll be back to the Gelato Spot before the heat dissipates, singing my little ditty and devouring every last Gelato lick.
4	Ohhh do I love gelato. Who doesn't? G-spot totally gets it.The service is okay, not rude but not A+. That's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars.The gelato is wonderful! Just like it should be, smooth, sweet, and decadent. I had the tiramisu, in a medium. It was a perfect serving for me [if you complain about the 'small portions', just remember it's a treat to be savored, not to fill your gut], and I love the little fact sheet hanging on the wall that tells you it's less fat than ice cream and so on.. it really pressures me to relax and not worry about blowing my diet [;The store itself is very very clean and issues of 944 are on the little tables inside. Plenty of outdoor seating for the warmer days as well. I really like that the G-Spot is connected to Hava Java, because after gelato I was really craving an italian soda [cliche, I know]. If you haven't yet, hit the G-spot.. it's not even hard to find [:
4	OOOHHH a G-Spot...I gotta say yeah ,yeah..yes.... loves it... This is my bit of indulgence....Im a basic girl.. give me a basic vanilla bean.. and a bit of sugar free raspberry.. a bit to the left ... a little to the right.. and its a swirl of ......what I like.. ;-)G would get a 5 but my vanilla was a snitch on the icy ... so its still high at a 4, the girl working behind the counter though, hmm seems she could use a bit of sweet G... i mean, it is a dessert shop... after all...oh well... maybe she should learn to let go to her indulgences... we all should, truly.. a little G goes a long way... this I know for sure:-)
4	One of the largest selections of gelato I've ever seen. This place is always happening and I love that its open late. I've seen many couples here, seems like a post-date place. Beware the crowds and try as much as you can. I hate that I was not often in this area considering their gelato is so damn mouth watering. My staple is always the pistachio.
4	I have been to the one on Camelback and Greenway.  YUMMY!!  This is the best Gelato in PHX...  Almost as good as the Gelato in Italy!
5	This place is heaven on earth...I have probably been here over 100 times and never get sick of it!  I've searched all over the US for better gelato and just can't find it...makes you feel like you're in Italy!  I'm hoping they'll open a Gelato Spot in City Center in downtown Phoenix...that would be really dangerous!
2	If you have $6 burning a hole in your pocket, and would like a thimble full of ice cream, this is your place. They have a terrific selection of flavors, and you can sample as many as you want before choosing, not to mention they are part of a coffee shop too. Unfortunately, they charge you a thousand dollars for a scoop of it. I'd rather go to Mary Coyle and get a Banana Split for that price, or just save my money because the idea of paying $6 for a scoop of ice cream is absolutely a fool parting with his money.Two stars because it actually was tasty.
5	I love Gelato Spot. Anytime I'm in old town, I always come here after dinner or the bar since they are open so late on the weekends. I'm one of those people who always craves salt and rarely eats sweets, unless it's gelato. I've tried every flavor and always end up with roasted almond. It is perfection. I know several people that have said Gelato Spot doesn't taste like real gelato. Maybe it's just me, but I've tried lots of other gelato in the valley and elsewhere and can't find anything that tastes as good as this place (except Italy of course).
5	Gelato is one of my favorite desserts and this is my favorite place to get it.  I HATE this place when it gets crowded though.  I was there last night with a group of 5 and somehow it was dead which was great.  I didn't feel rushed to make my order or feel bad when I wanted to taste everything first.  The staff is always very nice about it but the long line of people behind you may not be so friendly.Anyway, my gelato was excellent as always.  I've never really had bad gelato ever, but this place churns out some awesome stuff.  I hope to come back soon and often.
4	When the Gelato Spot first opened, I thought it was outrageous to pay so much money for a little scoop of sweet confection and thought I would never step foot in the place.  Well, won't you know it someone had to go and get a gift certificate there for my birthday so I ended up going and well, I just love the place.This place and all their other locations is like walking into AJ's- there's something about the ambiance and sense of quality that you just want to whip out your wallet and pay out the bucks and feel good that you just spent a zillion dollars for a tiny little scoop of sweet deliciousness.  And feel like it was totally worth it.What can I say?  Some places just puts me in a brain freeze and I love every moment of it.
4	Okay, so I'm an undercover fattie. I admit it. I'm ever so thankful to my parents for a kickass metabolism because dammit I love to eat and drink and drink some more....roll around in gelato occasionally; you know, the usual.I'm not much of a "sweets" eater but this place is in pretty regular rotation. My absolute favorite is the very simple combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.The location is great. I do my grocery shopping at Safeway and then hit the G-Spot on the way out. They offer a ton of other desert options as well including tiramisu , lemoncello, the list goes on.Even just writing this makes me feel like I need to go for a run. Stay down fattie...stay down.
4	So after a week in Phoenix, I had cupcaked myself out (yeah , I didn't know it could happen either).  In any case, I was still craving some dessert so I decided to give this place a try on a Saturday afternoon.  There were several people camped out on the patio, using the free wi-fi.  I grabbed a small cup of chocolate and was in heaven.  It was so rich and delicious.  I didn't think the portions to price ratio was all that bad, although I can't eat much ice cream in one sitting.  If I lived in Phoenix this place would become a staple in my life.
5	Hmmmmm.  So far this has been the closest to the taste I remember from all the trips to Italy.  With the heat in Phoenix and this cool snack really help you forget about the weather for a short time.  I wish they have this place closer to me but each time I'm in Phoenix I have to find an excuse to visit this excellent Gelato spot!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Frantically looking to get the taste of Zen 32 sushi out of my mouth, I stumbled across this place. Gelato Spot is a good place to have a refreshing snack. There is a great assortment of flavors to choose from, all with good presentation (I love the little wafer cookie they stick in your cup!)I ordered the rocce and the pistachio. The rocce had an alright chocolate flavor, and I liked the fine pieces of what I believed was hazelnut. The pistachio had an amazing texture, but it was a bit bland compared to other pistachio gelatos.Amongst my only gripes are that the gelato didn't have that OOMPH to it. The texture was great, but the flavor left a little bit to be desired. It's also a bit pricey for the baby scoops you get.Gelato in general is better than ice cream, but if you tried it here first, you wouldn't be convinced.
5	Ice cream and yogurt--step aside and exit please.  This place is tops in my book.  Their are tons of flavors to choose from, you can also take in some samples and they have a flavor of the month.  Seating indoors is a little limited but when the weather is decent plenty of spots outside to people watch and check out eye candy.  This is perfect way to skip the dessert at whatever restaurant you are at, and get one much more flavorful and worth the price.  My favorite flavors to date are the Roche and the Vanilla bean, perfect contrast.  Staff is friendly and the music is kind of loungy.  I've also Gelato from other spots and it is no match, this is the most creamiest, flavorful gelato I've had to date.
4	Let me start off by saying that I only gave 4 stars because I'm not a Gelato expert, I've only had gelato a few times in my life ...but this is the best I've ever had...not necessarily the best out there.They offer coffee as well as gelato here. Their coffee is always amazing and I WILL say that I am a coffee connoisseur. There must be at least 20 different flavors of gelato to choose from in addition to other ice cream treats such as cakes or banana splits.They have couches as well as tables located inside where it's air conditioned. Just tables and chairs outside if you want to people watch.  Definitely a good spot to go for dessert maybe after a first date? :)  or just a good hang out spot with friends.
4	Good, but a litte sweet.  It's a nice place to gather (especially after a meal at Delux).  The servings are the right size but a little pricey for my taste.  A lot of offerings, nice balance of creamy ones versus fruit ones.  They will give you a taste test of any of them.  The flavors are intense but sometimes can be a little gummy.  Again, delicious but I wished it was less sugary.
4	What I love about gelato is the smooth creaminess taste that ice cream does or frozen yogurt doesn't have.  Usually gelato has a lot more calories, but there was a lightness taste to the gelato.  They stated some nutritional facts comparing their gelato to other major ice cream brands, and the Gelato was not only tastier, but supposedly less caloric.  The staff was very friendly and let me try an abundant amount of flavors before I decided.  I went with the Dulce de Leche because I was feeling like something caramel like after a Mexican meal.
5	I "less than 3" the Gelato Spot. It really hits the spot, every time. In fact, I'm craving it right now... but it is 4am... :(
5	This was only my second Gelato encounter, but it was amazing! Much better than the first one- and the first one was good, too! The store front is bright and inviting, and the displays are gorgeous! Most ice cream-type places I go to where it's all out in a display case (Coldstone, etc) usually just have the ice cream in the container to view, which I never really thought twice about until I walked into the Gelato Spot. Every flavor they had on display had some sort of fancy garnish to go with it. The Pineapple flavored gelato had a pineapple thinly sliced into tons of pieces, and then rearranged on top. There was a chocolate-peanut butter-caramel flavor that had drizzles of caramel syrup over the top running through little pieces of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. I should have taken a picture, because those explanations certainly don't do the artistic-ness of it any justice at all. Simply put, however...beautiful.The flavors of the gelato were outstanding. Based on my limited experience and from what I've heard other people say, gelato tends to have a more intense flavor, which isn't always a good thing. The Gelato Spot has it down to perfection. Definitely creamier and richer than ice cream with out being too intense. The service was awesome, too. The guy behind the counter was super nice and helpful while my friend and I asked for different samples, and then at check out he gave us a bigger discount than I deserved! (TIP: I don't know if it runs every day, but I "Checked In" with the Yelp! app, and it saved me 10%!)  When I paid with my debit card I noticed a line for a tip amount, which I thought was strange for a place like that but I was more than happy to oblige if he really got the money. I asked if he really gets tips (but not as tacky as that sounds...), and he said "No, cash only tips" and then pointed to a tip jar that said "Support Our Troops". When I asked if he was serious (again...not as tacky as I sound :-/...) he said something along the lines of "Yeah, I don't need the money as much as they do".Maybe it's all a scam and he pockets the money in the jar at the end of the night, but he seemed pretty sincere. And besides, scammers don't make gelato as amazing as that guy. They just don't.
3	We stopped in here after eating at Keegan's.  I wanted a lil sweet treat and this was the closest option.  I ended up sharing a brownie a la mode kinda thing which, I thought was good but, my friend wasn't big on.  The brownie was really hard.  It still had good flavor though!  My friends ended up wishing we'd just gotten desserts at Keegan's.  I thought it was a-ok though.  Might see ya there!
3	I was greeted by the authentic Italian owner who immediately called me Bella as i walked in. Obviously its a custom of his, but it still gave me that girlish smile I flash when I'm flustered. The gelato here is definitely amazing. Its a little on the sweet side, but nevertheless, still tasty. Its a bit far for me, but I'll definitely be back one day soon
4	The flavors rotate which is good and bad.  Good because it gets me out of my comfort zone, and bad because sometimes they don't have the flavor I want.  (I think cinnamon should be year round like coconut or tiramisu).The service is wonderful and there is a flavor for everyone.  Hard to be disappointed at the Gelato Spot
5	Its like a crack addiction.  Try it once, and you get hooked.  I had some last night at the Scottsdale location and decided to come here after lunch today to get my fix. We got there right at 12pm and they werent open yet.  About 5 minutes later they opened the doors.  I went with a 3 scoop combo that consisted of pistachio, caramelo and chocolate.  The chocolate was my favorite again.  Its sooooooo good that words cant even describe it.  The pistachio was super tasty as well.  The caramelo was fine but I probably wouldnt get it again.  The chocolate is too good and I would replace the caramelo with an extra scoop of chocolate.  My wife got a waffle cone with chocolate fudge brownie and birthday cake funfetti.  She gave me a few bites and both those flavors were delicious too.If you see me on a corner hawking a VCR, just know that is to fund my habit for this amazing gelato.  Damn its good!
4	Love, Love , Love gelato.  This place has a good variety of flavors.  I recommend Passion fruit or coffee.  I do the occasional strawberry, vanilla and chocolate; classic. It's a bit overpriced but good idea if you purchase two scoops and ask for a second cup then split.  :)
5	You have to love this place! Who doesnt love Gelato...it is so funny because in the past 4 years gelato has become very popular...a few years ago you would ask someone what gelato was and people would say "what is that?"  I used to live in Italy and my sister and I loved and lived on gelato...so when my mom and my sister found this place we were so excited!  They have such a variety of flavors and they are all delicious...there is something for everyone!  They have all fruit ones and they have more decadent flavors too...This will always be my go to gelato spot in Phoenix!  ITS THE BEST!!!!
5	Was excited to find out it was open later than 10 so I could go with my friends after dinner. The two younger employees were surprisingly helpful and friendly even though it was almost closing time and they didn't make us feel rushed at all. It was great all around!
3	Never got to eat my gelato... Traumatizing right? Why?My date got locked in the bathroom.Yes. Trapped.I waited and waited... Thought my date either bailed on me, or that his dinner might be bothering his stomach... After a check to see his car was still in front of zen 32 I attempted to look "cool" and check my iPhone... That's went I saw his text "I'm trapped in the bathroom, the door won't unlock no matter what I do" Staff was friendly and called the "owner" and a locksmith... After about 30 minutes my date was free from the unisex bathroom and our gelato was melted to a beautiful colorful mix of goo. Staff did not offer fresh scoops or an option to return with a coupon, but then again I hope they don't always get customers trapped in the bathroom.
5	The place was extremely well lit and nicely decorated. Flavors were amazing and had tons of choices!!! I couldn't even decide!definitely do the text for $1 off. You will get the coupon within 20mins tops. Lots of parking and there's usually lots of people sitting around the area. I will definitely come here again!
5	I love Gelato Spot and I'm thrilled that they have a location near the movie theater as well! Their gelato is creamy, fresh, and hits the spot on a summer day. My favorite gelato includes the snickers and brownie. I'm a sucker for chocolate so you can see where my gelato love lies. I like this location because it's breezy and roomy. There's not much more to add but I always suggest the Gelato Spot if someone is looking for good gelato in the Valley.
2	The Gelato Spot is an image first, quality second, type of business.   They've got the wink-wink name, the stores have a glossy look, and have you seen their take-out bags?  Fancy!Unfortunately, the quality of the gelato is average.  For better quality gelato go to Angel Sweet or Dolce Vita.The prices at Gelato Spot are the most expensive in the valley.  10.99 for a pint to go is just absurd.Expensive, average quality...but at least you can buy it in the same Biltmore-area-don't-call-it -a-strip-mall as the overated Delux and Revo Burrito.
4	The gelato here is delicious, and the atmosphere is very upscale. It's a nice place to go for a special occasion. The displays that they make with the gelato and the garnishes are really nice, and sometimes, they will even give you a piece of the garnish in your gelato. My biggest complaint is the prices. Yes, I understand that they're near the Biltmore and their rent is probably astronomical, but as another reviewer said, "$10.99 for a pint to go is just absurd."
2	The gelato is just okay, but it's really expensive. The thing that got to me was we got attitude because we were using Groupons-- even though we spent an extra $40 over and above the value of the Groupons. Plus the guy added a bunch of restrictions to the Groupon that weren't included in the fine print. If the gelato had been exceptional, none of this would have mattered. It wasn't.
5	Shakes are crazy delicious .
4	I love gelato and I love this place!  Sign up for text messages on their website and get info on new flavors and codes for 20% off your purchase.  Gelato is my "sunday tradition" so I'm usually there every week.  The only reason I can't give The Gelato Spot five stars is their service.  Sometimes the teenagers working behind the counter seem uninterested in being there, but more often than not, they are kind and helpful.
4	Excellent, open late, generous with samples, pretty presentation.
5	How could anyone not give this place 5 stars.... enough said.
4	If you need to get your sweet spot sweet with just a little touch of this and a little of that the G Spot is always sweet on. I never like to get too sweet , BUT, when I feel the need I go where some have thought of. It's the perfect size.. Serving size, of course. Not too much , not too little. My personal fav is the Straticello, a vanilla--y gelato with shavings of dark chocolate throughout. Hits the spot and makes you say... 'ummmmm...more!' .... You can sample til your content of all the g's and it's good little date spot near dinner spots. But you can have too much of a good thing.. as many of us know. And when you need a hard dose of reality....and have had your fill of 'ummms, ahhs, and oh yes's'... well, theres always hard nosed espresso right next door.
5	Great service. Always take care of you. Keep the doors open late!
5	Finally discovered the shake! The gelato spot is one of my favorite places; and I have been to a few locations. Today, on this hot day (115), I finally discovered their shakes, thanks to Dave! I was pretty consistent, taste 4-6 flavored and choose two scoops for $5, but when he ordered a shake, I decided to give it a try and sure enough, I was in pure gelato heaven! I love ice cream and I make one of the best shakes to be had, after all, I worked at an old fashion ice cream parlor for 5 years, but the creamy, yet smooth and light texture and flavor of my peanut butter and banana shake hit the spot! The ability to choose two flavors and mix them is fantastic! No artificial flavoring required and you have the ability to come up with 100's of great shake flavors!  Ut-oh, this might be my new favorite thing to cure my blues from this heat!!
5	By far this one of my favorite places. My husband and I go there every chance we get. The gelato always tastes amazing. Everytime we go there, there are new delicious flavors. There is one negative, the gelato cakes. We have purchased two of them, and were disappointed both times. Unfortunately,the cakes are mostly cake with very little gelato. But overall, I can't say enough good things about this place!
4	I go here for my kid...not for me.  If I got what I really wanted, it would be non-dairy coconut milk chocolate peanut butter chunk ice cream...yep.  But this'll do.  They have vegan sorbet gelatos.  The dairy ones are good too.  I cheated and tried the salted caramel.  My hubby likes it on top of a brownie.  Plus, they have sprinkles and sprinkles must be magic because kids will do anything for them!  I have used that to my advantage several times now!
3	I like to stop in here now and again since its so close to home. Good service and a really fun selection of gelato. Shares the building with coffee shop Hava Java next door. Nice private outdoor, shaded, seating as well. Good overall, but three stars for an previous issue with some spoiled gelato.
4	I've had better Gelato... but this was from a vendor in the side of a building in Vienna.  I've yet to have anything that measures any higher than the gelato that the spot churns out in the Phoenix area.  They have a great selection of flavors, friendly staff, and come in at a good price.  What more could a sweet freak ask for?  I'd recommend the pumpkin pie and cheesecake.  I do wish their pistachio had more... pistachio in it, but that's just nitpicking.
5	This is one of the first places I ever tried when I first moved to the valley in 2005 and it is still one of my favorite places to get a sweet treat. I have taken numerous friends and family here to try their gelato and experience a little bit of heaven. The gelato is that good! My favorite is their Pokett Coffee as it tastes just as strong as real coffee but sweet and creamy. Mmm. It's great alone, as a shake, or in a cone.  I've also had it as a cake! The Gelato Spot makes great special occasion cakes. You can choose 1 or 2 flavors and they come out great. You'll definitely impress if you bring one of these!The location is great as well. After finishing up a great meal at Delux Burger, head over to Gelato Spot. (I've never had dessert at Delux Burger because The Gelato Spot is that tempting!) Definitely give The Gelato Spot a try or try any of their other locations. You won't be disappointed.
1	Save your money!! The food isn't bad but we spent way too much for the amount of food we got. We left hungry after ordering two entrees for the two of us. The pizza is paper thin crust and had a weird flavor. I haven't tried their gelato so maybe it's better. But go to little Cesar's over this place if you're hungry for pizza!!!!
5	They have a huge selection of flavors. The prices are pretty decent and they let you try different flavors. The staff was very polite and friendly. Good experience. I will definitely be willing to go back.
5	I love Gelato and more importantly I love the Gelato Spot. This particular location has a great patio and the staff are normally very friendly.
4	Who doesn't love Gelato Spot? This location is nice, they have a large selection of flavors. The best part of this place is that it is attached to Hava Java which is also wonderful. When we went last week, the BF and I shared chocolate brownie and salted caramel and it was incredibly delicious. The salted caramel was not shy on the salt, it was salty and proud! I don't go out for ice cream or gelato very often, but when I do, this place tops the list.
5	Each time I've hit the Gelato spot, the place has been BUSY!  There are many flavors too choose from. I generally go with the fruit flavors with Strawberry, Mango and Pineapple being my favorite. After my last trip, I indulged myself and went back for a third scoop, this time going the chocolate route. The chocolate was just as good as the fruit flavors.I could eat several scoops of Gelato Spot on a daily basis and never get tired of it!If you enjoy Gelato, you should get to Gelato Spot!There is a nice patio to enjoy your gelato as well.
3	The ice cream is okay here...
5	Even though I live on the other side of town, nothing beats Gelato Spot in terms of choices, quality, friendliness of the staff, and don't get me started on the presentation. The presentation alone makes me want to move into this place. The quality is top notch in my book, and they always have a lot to choose from. Being picky myself, they don't really bat an eye when I keep asking for samples. Once you've made your decision, they don't just shove your scoops in the cup. They actually do it in such a way that it looks like something from out of a magazine. Definitely one of the best places around town for a chill time.
5	I've been to a few locations over the years so this is really a review on all of them.  Obviously amazing gelato but have amazing pizza and sandwiches (haven't tried other food).  Also, I'm a huge craft beer fan and they have one of the best tap lists in town.  Check it out if you haven't yet....
5	Today we went to Gelato Spot as a reward after a visit to the doctor. My two boys were so excited. When we got to the door at 10:30 we read the hours. They open at noon. My little boys faces just sunk, until the gorgeous young man sprinted to the door to save the day. He said he wasn't open, but would be happy to serve us. I was so grateful. Also my little one is allergic to dairy, so it's not like we can just go somewhere else to get ice cream. The strawberry gelato he had was lovely and the salted caramel I had was to die for. Thank you knight in shining Gelato for saving the day. You really made a difference.
1	Well, we had to venture all the way to the biltmore area since the shea location is now closed.  We had a groupon and the cashier informed us we could not use them for the party packs even though we had used them previously this way.  She said the groupons were costing them money and rather than making money they were losing money with them,, really then why are they offering them so much.  I really hate when staff and owners lie to their customers.  I also asked for a complete list of their ingredients which she did not have one and was not familiar with the ingredients in the flavors as well as not knowing the sugar or fat contents... this usually means there are ingredients which they should not use or which are not real good for you.  The high prices, the lies, and the refusal to provide ingredients...I will not be returning....it was empty and we were the only customers..
5	Favorite dessert spot. We eat here weekly - and always an extra to go. Yum!Lemon is the best flavor!
3	We stopped in for a quick late night snack before going back to our hotel. There were a lot of people eating in but the service was quick and the girls working behind the counter didn't seem too bothered that us and another couple there were asking for samples before making a decision. They have some local selections, like the schnepf  farms peach but we went with the raspberry and a cookies and cream. The cookies and cream were in chocolate instead of vanilla which was super tasty.
4	This is a great place to get gelato - wonderful flavors (and the friendly staff will give you as many samples as you want) and a cozy atmosphere. It's also attached to Hava Java which is nice if you or someone in your group is seeking a caffeine kick. My only quibble is that it was a little noisy from the A/C or the display cases - but I have sensitive hearing.
5	wow!!!! I had Pistachio Gelato... one heaping scoop, which was more than enough for me! The young lady behind the counter was friendly & very helpful!
4	Hub and I would tell you: just get 1scoop for yourself, it's plenty!-lemon yum, very tart (too much so for the hubby, but I love me some tartness so I thought it was super.)-cake batter - yum, would def get again, just don't get with the lemon flavor above - weird combo. -PB - yum-choc brownie - pretty good, would prob get the above again before this one.Lots of people appear to be studying here, with hot beverages. I just came for the gelato... :)
4	First, why is there always some jerk in front of you who decides to try every flavor and savour each taste. Drives me nuts. Please don't be that person and be couteous to the people waiting behind you. Yes, you should try a few flavors but please don't be rude. Now having said that, I love the gelato spot! We go often and try new things every time. I've only had one bad flavor and that's the salted caramel. Just too salty for my tastes but i've heard it's pretty good if you mix it with a slightly sweeter combination. One scoop is normally good for me and my family. I definitely reccomend stopping in here and trying one of their flavor combinations.
4	We brought our friends, who never had Gelato. They were amazed at the variety and flavors. I think they are hooked.
4	Love the flavors and vibe great dessert treat. It is a bit spendy but this is no plain old ice cream it is a bit more than that in taste and quality!
4	A little pricey but worth every penny. The flavor selection is outstanding, and everyone behind the counter is knowledgeable. Indoor seating is sparse, which can be a problem during busy times.
5	Yummy, Yummy to my dear old tummy. This spot has been a favorite of mine for many years. Having a dairy allergy I don't get to many options when it comes to a nice cool sweet favorable treat but at Gelato Spot there are plenty of options for me to choose from. All the fruit flavors are dairy free. My last experience I had was a sugar free/dairy free Raspberry that surprisingly tasted just as well as the regular Raspberry flavor. Trust me if you sample both of them side by side you can't tell the difference. My sweet tooth did not even know the difference.However, I'm a big kid at heart when I dive in to this joint. I love the killer cones. Yes, freshly made waffle cones. No, I'm not talking about the little waffle wafer they dazzle your scoop in. I'm talking about the creative waffle cups that are mini beds to hold your scoops. Those wafers are sooooo good. Another added piece of yum yum...The small spot has cozy seating with free wifi. Patio seating for all those who like fresh air. Got a party coming up try one of there beautiful cakes. Creative styles that fit the flavorful tasting deserts.
4	Very tasty gelato!  Went last night for the first time and tried a few different flavors before choosing a waffle cone with strawberry and another that I can't even pronounce much less type.  It was a sweet cream gelato with chocolate bits in it.  So good. Friendly and quick service. Recommend for sure.
2	This St. Patty's Day,  we decided to try out the Gelato Spot. We have been in the same parking lot countless times, but never made it in. Upon arrival the Gelato Spot has a great looking case of eye tempting Gelato's. I was hoping they were going to taste as good as they looked. As I sampled a couple flavors, I must say I wasn't finding my craving. I decided to go with the cookies n cream. I asked the young lady what she recommended to go with it. She asked the other girl and she said the "salted Carmel" ....now I have had this flavor at many other places and enjoy it, so i didn't sample it. I should have. It was absolutely terrible!  It was so salty that you would think they emptied the whole bottle in it. Honestly you couldn't pay me to eat this garbage...because that is were it ended up when we got back home. Why on earth would you recommend this to a new customer.On another note, other might think twice about buying from this business. When we arrived, a group of young folks were talking with the employee. she was going on and on about how the pop is over a year past the expiration date and the only reason they got rid of the lemonade is that it turned brown....now that is disgusting! 1. Either this place has no quality control and is run by young folks that dont careor 2. The management has no control of the employeesIts a true shame ...we expected a lot more out of this place and we will not be back. I would rather go to any of the other competitors in the area.
4	The people here are ridiculously nice. I came in here at night after dinner once with a group of friends and among the 6 of us probably tried 20+ samples. (We all got many many scoops of gelato to make up for it though!) It isn't Italy but it is still delicious. You can never go wrong with the coffee flavor and I swear one of their flavors tasted exactly like Ferrero Rocher. Their fruity flavors were wonderful as well. I really dont think you can go wrong with anything unless you order anything coconut (blegh, but that's just me because I dont eat anything with coconut)
5	Best gelato ever!!!! My favorites are peanut butter, salted caramel, and straciatella. I usually get the medium cup and get the peanut butter and straciatella because they compliment each other so well.When picking flavors, you can ask for as many samples as you'd like! The people there are so nice, and they can handle big groups. This is a perfect place to come with family and/or friends.They have outdoor seating, non-dairy flavors and many options as to size. They have a medium, small and large. You also have the option to make a milkshake with two flavors :)
3	I stopped in because I was craving something sweet and love gelato. The lady working was super nice letting me try whatever flavor I wanted to, that's always a plus. After trying about 10 flavors I decided on peach, the Italian sweet cream with chocolate chips (forgot the name), and salted caramel. I was going to get pineapple but I forgot (probably the one I liked most, stupid me!) Here comes the bad. You can't get a small with two flavors like you can at most places. If you want more than one flavor you have to upgrade the size, and I don't like that. Now the salted caramel, I must have gotten a good sample bite but when I got it in the cup it was SALT nothing, no caramel hint or anything, pure salt. If you are really craving gelato and close, then go for it. It's not anything to drive for however.
5	Their gelato is always dressed up and is so pretty looking it's almost a shame to be the first one to get a scoop (almost). I love the flavors and variety here. The staff seems to always be willing to help (I guess as much as any teenager with a minimum wage, part time job). But really the employees are friendly and helpful and do a great job getting me my gelato fix fast. I love that they have self serve water on the counter, this is such a good idea for anywhere in Phoenix! Good job Gelato Spot I will continue to be a repeat customer.
4	This place is right by our new house and I really enjoyed the flavor options and the nice outside area for sitting- plus, we got a groupon- which makes everything sweeter!
5	I'm soo thankful to have the "G" be my first in tasting gelato yesterday! Besides the cute sexual innuendo, the place really is tight.You can sample all you want of their wonderful flavors, and order various sizes of the Italian dessert. I just can't believe I've waited 38 years to try this?! Erin! It's LESS fattening than ice cream, but better/creamier?? I'm a changed woman.I had the mint chocolate chip and was smitten w/my decision. And, they served it with a Pirouette?! Fab!
5	This Gelato Spot, located on the Northwest corner of E Camelback and N 32nd, makes for a very refreshing place to try to beat the Phoenix heat.  The flooring made of rocks, which gives the inside of this store a beautiful outdoor courtyard feel.   The dark stones add to the feeling of coolness inside, but I would hate to have to be the one to keep it clean.All of their gelato is made fresh daily and it looks as god as it tastes.  Not only are they all beautiful colors, but they are displayed nicely; even in the display cases, each flavor has little accents that are attractive and informative (slices of pineapple on the pineapple gelato or mango on the tropical flavor.  Their gelato is not very expensive, $3.89 for one flavor, $4.79 for two flavors, or $5.69 for three flavors.  A waffle cone is $.75 extra.  They also make custom cakes to order with 48 hours  notice.  The prices are not unreasonable at $30 for a small, $39 for a large, and $47 for sheet cakes, and you get to pick 2 flavors.One nice thing about the Gelato Spot is that they offer free tastes of any and all of their flavors.  Being a first time visitor from out of state, I was very unfamiliar with their flavors and had a hard time deciding which to choose.  The employee assisting me was very patient while explaining all about the different flavors and allowed to to taste as many as I needed to make my final decision.I finally settled on a combination of two flavors, Bacio (dark chocolate and hazelnut) and Tiramisu.  My brother chose two other flavors.  We sat and enjoyed a little people watching while we sampled the tasty treats.  There is a coffee place next door and there is an open wall NOT separating it from the gelato store so I am assuming that they share a common owner.  I'm not sure I can picture ordering a coffee and a gelato at the same time, but it did provide for more people watching opportunities.I would definitely come back.
3	The Gelato Spot offers a wide-range of gelato flavors and is open late.  Their gelato, however, is nothing to wow over.  Far from the irresisitably creamy richness of true Italian gelato, this dense gelato lacks the flavor concentration and airiness that makes a gelato excellent.  Their flavors are, quite simply, adequate.  That being said, it's probably one of the most accessible spots for gelato in the Valley, given its late hours.  I wouldn't take it over ice cream, but if you're in the mood for a scoop and in the neighborhood, you could do worse for yourself.  Side note:  don't miss what has become the now-annual chef flavors competition each summer, in which local chefs compete in the name of charity for the most popular guest gelato flavor. It's a good opportunity to try exotic flavor combinations available for a limited time, and it's for a good cause!
5	We were greeted right away and basically gave us a tour of the gelato. The place was very clean and has lots of space. The staff had me sample a lot of different flavors and they were all really good. There was also a contest going on between local restaurants and their gelato which were very unique. I ended up with the black cherry and toasted vanilla. It was delicious.
4	I don't think I've ever met a gelato I didn't like ...The Gelato Spot truly does an amazing job with their gelato, the texture and flavors are literally perfect. Upon walking into The Gelato Spot, it is like a gelato heaven- from decadent, warm flavors, Gelato War creations and fruity, fresh flavors they have it all here. I asked the workers on their popular flavors, but my eyes locked in on the Bacio (dark chocolate and hazelnut). Then my brain really started thinking- or maybe it was my gluttony, which thought ... why not get two flavors? So I went with Bacio and the good ol' classic pistachio.The Bacio is rich, chocolately but not overly so with hazelnut hints. My fave, if you like Nutella, any chocolate hazelnut spread or even Baci by Perugina chocolates this one is for you folks! The pistachio is probably the best rendition I've had, it isn't artificial tasting, diluted or bland. It's creamy, nutty and the flavor of pistachio nut comes in at the end with it's warmth and sweetness. The little chocolate Pirouline was a nice touch as well.Great spot to indulge a little a lot, in terms of fat content and in dolla bills. Two flavors in a medium cup cost around $5 give or take, if you factor in tip ... but it is soo worth it.
5	This location is one of my fave spots for the Biltmore area. It's perfect for a Sunday brunch outing or close to a date because it's located next to Delux and Central Bistro. Not to mention, if you get brain freeze, the Hava Java coffee house is next door. You won't leave this area. Guarantee. There is ample patio seating but it can be noisy being up against 32nd Street. The gelato selections are so incredibly delectable, creamy and light. And the fact they give you samples, it's like being in Costco but for dessert. I suggest the phuket coffee, chocolate and peanut butter. The coconut makes me feel like putting on a bikini and heading ocean side. I love when they have contests for my favorite local chefs to create their own. I am partial to Justin Beckett's concoction; he's just THAT cool. And if you are going to indulge, have the waffle cone because why not? Who wouldn't use gelato as a litmus test for any friendship or potential compatibility? It is a dealbreaker for me because this is part of the late night runs in the relationship, this or froyo runs. Gelato never disappoints. Thank you G-Spot for being my matchmaker :)
4	If you are lactose-intolerant, they still have something for you!  On the night I went, they had 5 dairy-free flavors (mango, pineapple, raspberry, lemon, and something else, which I forget...)  I tried the pineapple, which was good, but I only got the small scoop and I couldn't even finish because at the end it was hurting my tongue.  I guess it was too acidic or something.  I'm not sure how they make it creamy without dairy, but I enjoyed it.  I think next time I would try mango.The best thing about this place is it's clean, relatively quiet, and they have comfy seats so you can sit and eat and chat with friends.
