5	Locally made, ready to eat delicious food? Thanks, Beverly's!I've had the pleasure of snacking on a myriad of Beverly's Gourmet Foods - dips, hummus, pimento cheese and most recently, tomato spinach pie! Let me tell you, if you haven't had her tomato pie - it's magical. Also, while the veggie spread is reminiscent of veggie cream cheese there's an influx of freshness that kicks it up a notch. Spread it on bread, crackers or the back of your hand. Whatever works. You can find these tasty eats at a myriad of grocery and specialty shops around town (Reid's, FABO, Mecklenburg County Market, Atherton Mill Market). I have yet to eat an item from Beverly's Gourmet Foods that I didn't want to hug. Check out her website and get yourself some goodness.
4	If you're looking for healthy options check out Beverly's Gourmet Foods at this location and also sold in Whole foods and Home Economist.  Some of my favorite's are the athlete's lunch, barley soup, and veggie casserole.
5	Beverly's makes excellent food. I have had the pimento cheese, hummus, borsht, tomato bisque, broc casserole, tomato pie, quiches, many of the salads, but my all time favorite is the stuffed shells. The casseroles are great to freeze for later when you are looking for something super easy, wholesome, and tasty. You can always count on a fresh selection of things from Beverly. She is constantly adding and creating new dishes for us.By the way... her tarts are amazing too!!!
1	This review is just for the cooking class.  It is not interactive so you really need the recipes which were supposed to be sent by email.  I did not receive them and requested them several times with no response. I wish I had spent the money for the class on a cookbook.
1	I had the misfortune of buying a Groupon for a cooking class by Beverly's Gourmet.  I soon realized that given the large number of Groupons sold relative to the extremely small number of cooking class slots allotted to Groupon holders that it was going to be nearly impossible to book a class. While I was having a very difficult time getting a class booked, Groupon was again offering this "deal".  After numerous attempts I finally managed to get a class scheduled.  I left work early to get to the class on time, but upon arrival I was told that the class had been canceled.  I was not contacted in advance to inform me of this which I consider to be extremely rude and unprofessional.  Fortunately, I was able to get my money refunded.  This seems like a blatant rip off.  Don't waste your time or money.
1	My friend and I each paid $35 to take Beverly's "Soup is Love" cooking class in October and we were extremely disappointed. The participants were asked to get in teams of two and select one of the 6 soup/kale salad recipes. Each recipe I'm guessing would feed at least 20 people. The participants were given very little instruction on preparing the bulk quantities. Lots of chopping, searching through the kitchen to find ingredients, knives, pots and pans, etc. - very little/no instruction. It is a stretch to call this a "cooking class". We were her free labor to help make bulk quantities of food for her to feed the ladies at the YWCA or maybe to sell. She did give each participant a small container of two or three of the six prepared recipes to take home along with a quiche that oddly none of us prepared. Two students were so disqusted with the class and left after an hour... My friend and I only stayed until the end to get the recipes we took the class to get.. When the class ended, Beverly told us she didn't have time to convert the recipes from bulk to family size portions prior to our class, but she would convert them and email them to all of us in a week or two... A few weeks went by and my friend and I each emailed Beverly multiple times asking her to forward the recipes...Three months later and still no response from her and no recipes...We were scammed like so many others... Not sure why Groupon or Eventbrite allow her to continue scamming people.
