4	My name is Cher and I'm addicted to the Jalapeno Cheese burger!! Delish
4	This is my go-to Carl's when I'm hungry after driving back from LA. I just get off the I15 and, here we are. At that point, I'm not looking for anything super delicious or anything... I just want something in my belly to fill me up and last me a while, seeing as I have to get home to do laundry, getting stuff ready, buying groceries...On more than one occasion, I've come here and it's been empty. That's actually the default situation here, it seems: the dining area will be about 95% empty, and there'll be a few guys manning the kitchen. That doesn't really present a problem for me, because people or not, I need to eat. But since it's always empty, I can usually walk right up to the counter and have someone take my order in 30 seconds or less: teriyaki turkey burger, hold the cheese, criss-cut fries, ranch, Sprite. As far as I'm concerned, this is the best meal in the place. Sure, the $6 burgers are great, too, but they're also about 1000 calories. (I know the Sprite, ranch, and fries aren't the best idea, but that's why I get the turkey sans cheese!)  I usually get my food out to me fairly quickly, and it's consistently pretty good. My only major gripe with them is that their bread seems to always be the worst bread ever. I don't understand it. It's bad on the turkey burgers, and it's passable on the premium burgers. Maybe it's because these guys are so liberal with their sauce that the bread absorbs it? That's my current theory. Also, the prices here are on the higher side. I've always felt there's a scale for fast-food restaurant prices: starts at McDonald's on the low side and ends with Carl's on the higher side. The food here is better than McD's, so I guess it's ok. But just be aware of that.As far as this location goes, it is clearly not on the best side of town. I'm not complaining about it one bit, I'm just stating that this isn't the burger joint to take your girlfriend's parents (take them to Create). It's never been a problem for me, because I roll with the homies, too. The actual restaurant is in pretty good shape, which is a plus. All in all, I'll continue coming here when I get off the freeway. It's in the perfect spot for that, the service is quick, and the food is good. That's four stars right there.
3	Downgrading to 3 stars ... Here's why ...Since the fabulous jalapeno cheeseburger was removed from the regular menu, it is only available as a special request, and it is no longer fabulous
4	Okay, so Carl's Jr. is a large fast food chain and it is unusual for me to review such a place.  But the Carl's at 1522 W. Charleston (just off the I-15) is a good place.  The service is always friendly.  The food is always fresh.  It comes out pretty quickly even if the place is busy.  And it does get busy around lunch time.  There are a couple of hospitals and a dental school in close proximity.  Walk in there around 11:30-noon during the week and you will almost be guaranteed to observe a sea of scrubs.  It kind of makes you feel safe.  Like there are people who can take care of you in the event of a medical episode.  But I am getting off topic now.  To make a long story short, good service and good food is hard to beat. Oh, and they now have sweet potatoe fries.  They are amazing.  Perfectly crunchy yet tender inside.  A little overly salted for me.  Still good though.
2	I would suggest eating here if you plan on not eating for the rest of the day.Everything that tastes great here is packed with calories, fat, carbohydrates, and the price is like a nice sit-down restaurant.I got the Six Dollar Jalapeno Burger value meal with an extra patty and extra jalapenos. Holy sh*t, it is really good for a fast food burger. After you eat, you basically feel like a sumo wrestler walking out. WARNING, you may need to be rolled out pf thw restaurant after your meal.
1	No coffee ready at 5 am? Really. Nothing much else to say.
5	June 25, 2012 Monday - lunch 12:15 PM4 adult and a kidAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 starsBackground - Needed a quick lunch before heading back to Reno.Atmosphere - lots of tables and the place was very busy and cleanFood  Appetizer - none today.   Main Course - I had the chicken strips for the first time. Wow they were so tender and plumb.  Could have put these on a fancy plate and I would have never know it was fast food.  Dessert - Just a quick bite, no time todayService - The cashier was an older lady but super sweet, friendly helpful a true customer service experience, I wish I got her name.  The older man bringing out the food was completely friendly and making sure you got what you needed.Future - Sure, but I doubt it will be any time soon as I live in Reno.
5	The nicest staff. 3 different people asked me if I needed anything during a 15 minute lunch!
1	Still no coffee available if you go through the drive through, AFTER 5 am. Really.These lames will get none of my biz. No coffee ready ??  Lame.Theres a Rebel Gas Station, and a Del Taco a few blocks west on Charleston - theres always good coffee,  for those that care.
4	Best Carl's experience in a long time. Went around noon and the food was fast and fresh. French Fries were the best ever at CJ's The new Red Hot Buffalo Bleu Burger was tasty! Staff was courteous and friendly. Will return in the near future.
3	Not quite as good as the last visit. Did the drive thru this time and had some issues with the squak box. "Breaker, breaker one-nine, got a car full of hungry dudes. Do you copy? "  We pulled up to the window to finish the order, but the face to face didn't help, as the order was a little messed up. All in all, it was just ok, but not bad enough to scare me away forever. Management said they would make good on the order mess up when we called to inform them of the shortage. Chalk it up to a bad day. We all have 'em.
5	Yes, I know it's a Carl's Jr, but the guy who took our order (drive thru) was very polite and happily took our coupons without any hassles.Added bonus... they give free doggy treats to anyone who has their dog in the car with them. Totally cool!
1	Don't know how this chain stays in business. The food they put out is under par and when you bring it to their attention its hilarious to see the look on their face. It just comes from poor or no management.  2 people here and half the table are dirty.
1	Before evening get to review the food:One cashier , 10 people in line. You get the picture.
3	Average fast food at best.  But what can you expect from fast-food.  Prices and deals are great.  I favor the breakfast vs lunch or dinner.  Service is fast and correct which means a lot
