5	Medusa is a great local hairdressing chain - there are two salons in Edinburgh's city centre and a third in Musselburgh. In addition to hairdressing, the salons also do nails and have beauty services.The Teviot salon has a vibrant atmosphere and seems to buzz like a hive of activity; when I visited (on a Thursday evening) each one of the seven or so hairdressing stations had a client at it. This is obviously a popular place, however I managed to get an appointment at relatively short notice (big thumbs up for this). The stylist gave me a thorough consultation and I felt like she really listened to me and understood what I wanted in terms of cut and style, her friendly and chatty manner put me instantly at ease. Once I'd been shampooed and sat in front of the mirror, I was almost immediately offered a tea or coffee (again, big thumbs up), and the coffee was real (i.e. not Nescafe instant rubbish) and came with a biscuit. I left the salon feeling great; I'd been looked after really well and given a fantastic haircutI really can't fault this place: it is trendy and modern, while also managing to be friendly and professional.
5	Taking full advantage of their 40% off discount on Friday's for Snapfax owners, I can honestly say that both times and with different stylists I have finally found a hair salon in Edinburgh I like, and that has consistently given me a decent hair cut (ie I don't feel like hiding under a hat for a few weeks). It only took me 3.5 years but lo and behold I recommend Medusa to anyone who likes to feel good after going to a salon- the staff are friendly and as mentioned previously you do feel like a valued customer- even if you are going in with a student discount.
5	I love coming here to get my hair done.  The staff are all so friendly and chatty, but also very professional.I always get my hair done with Rachel, who I would recommend to anyone who wants to feel great about their hair.  She gives a great consultation because she really listens to what I want from my hair, but is also great at giving advice on what she thinks will look good.  She's also a great colourist - and I've had some crazy colours done over the years.  It always comes out looking vibrant, shiny and healthy.The extras they can provide are excellent - I often get the colour save treatment with head and neck massage, which feels wonderful.As someone else mentioned, there is sometimes a dog wandering around the salon, but that's Coco, the Medusa mascot, who is as cute as can be and no trouble at all.  And yeah, there can be a lot of hair around, but that's to be expected from a hairdressers, and they clean it up on a regular basis.The only downside I would say is the price, which can be a little steep, but as with most hairdressers these days, there are pricing levels depending on who you see.  And as a semi-regular treat I say it's worth it.
5	I went to Medusa on a whim when, on a long holiday, I decided I was sick to death of my hair and didn't want the Facebook pics of my trip to feature me with a dull 'do. I booked an appointment with Katy and DEAR GOD it PAINS me that I live an ocean away because otherwise I would be obsessed for life.I had no idea what I wanted beyond knowing that I didn't like what I had. Katy knew exactly what to do based on a few shoddily strung together adjectives - she gave me the most lovely colour job of my life, and the cut is perfect. Nearly six weeks later, it's still looking pretty great because she was so meticulous and seemed to know precisely what my hair needed and how it would fall. Worth the price all the way.Popped back in later that day for a shellac manicure which was also very well done, and I left absolutely pleased.Go let the ladies at Medusa work their magic on your hair. Seriously, go now!
4	I went to the one on nicholson/south clerk street.  Its trendy and nice inside, and the staff are very welcoming.  My stylist did a good job of root coloring touch ups and my hair turned out a little redder and darker brown than before and i like it even more than before!  Reasonably priced because it was only 31 pounds for root coloring, with the student discount.
5	I am one seriously picky bitch when it comes to my hair.Having said that, I adore Jenny, and Medusa. In that order. They've worked a miracle on my home-colour (never, ever, ever, again) destroyed hair. And by miracle I do mean, I walked in disheartened and came out feeling like a goddess. It was so magical, I felt I should've given up my firstborn son, ... but since nobody asked for it, I didn't. Instead, as a matter of fact, I paid a very decent student-discount price for a treatment that otherwise would've been well out of my reach and over my deliciously highlighted head.Yes, I highlight my hair, and yes, I am incredibly difficult to highlight, having different tones, several highlights and Kraken-like hair that will ensnare you and drag you to it's cave if you so much as look at it the wrong way, and that's when it's in a good mood. Yet, somehow, don't ask me how, Jenny made it shine, dear Gods (both old and new) I went in with a disaster and came out with beautiful blonde hair with violet gray highlights (I've been mooning over them since I left the salon an hour ago). Exactly what I wanted. With all due respect to my Dutch hairdresser, who is also fabulous, of 6 years: you're fired. No more flying back and forth to the Netherlands to see my family (and dear me get my hair did before aeroplanes start mistaken my roots for a damned landing strip). No more home-done disasters. No more forlorn nights, staring out of the window (ok, maybe just a little bit of those because I like the drama) but just Jenny and Medusa and my new hair that I want to cuddle and pet.Go forth, get coloured and cut or whatever it is that you need to have done but girl, let me tell you, your ass better drag itself over to Medusa, 'cause that's where it's at. There's a maegi that works here, her name is Jenny, and believe me, you need her. We all need a Jenny in our lives!
5	Jill is amazing. She always manages to know just what I want/my hair needs. Once she works her magic on my hair (even if it's just getting rid of the split ends & adding a few layers) I feel 100x better about my hair when I leave.
5	Very cute salon.  I was going from very long to very short, and they recommended Peter.  My god, that man is good.  I showed him a picture and he talked me through how he would do it, and then he gave me an amazing hair cut.  I've been to him twice now, happy with my edgy new cut. They also give you espresso, I have had lattes there and it is delicious.  It's my edi go to place.
5	I decided that chopping off 14in wasn't enough, so I decided to go platinum. Always been a dark haired girl, loved it, but having this short pixie has led me down some interesting paths and blonde was what I was confronting. So back to Peter, and several others came and advised so it was a whole salon effort. I was there for three hours, but wow!  I am a bit honey-platinum, and I have to go back for a second whitening, but that's the usual way when you switch allegiances: it takes some effort. For now, day two, I am still shocking myself in the mirror. Thanks guys!
1	I am so angry about my horrible experience at Medusa today. My previous visit was amazing--5/5.  However, my Go-To is out of town and I landed an appointment with Stephanie. I went in with a picture of roughly what I want and came out looking absolutely nothing like it. My hair is a horrible ashy blonde, not anywhere close to the platinum blonde I requested. She would not do any of the POP of colour I wanted. And even after specifically telling her I do NOT like blunt cuts, my hair has lots of straight edges. She did not listen to a single thing I wanted. And when I told her I was unhappy with the colour, she basically told me that I'm wrong and I have to do it this way. No, no I don't. If I can go from Little Mermaid red to golden blonde in one sitting that left my hair fine, I should be able to go from golden blonde to a shade of platinum blonde in one sitting.Thanks for ruining my New Year's with one of the worst hair jobs I've ever had.
5	Jenni , my hair-master, has  moved salons to Danielle Carr, check out my review over there if you need to know more about this absolutely fabulous hairdresser!
