4	Really cute furniture and accessories shop in downtown Mesa. It's a fun place to stroll around and discover a new scent of candle or a must-have home decor item. The have some nice local artwork, too.
5	The name says it all.   This lovely little store in Mesa probably has something that would fit anyone's taste.  It is divided into section by color, which is my favorite way to shop.  I was looking for green pillows for our couch and its so easy to just go over to the green section.  They even had a pink and green section that would have been wonderful two years ago when I was planning my wedding!  The selection is fantastic and is a nice departure from Pottery Barn and Crate and Barrel.  In addition to home decor Domestic Bliss also has a small section of women's clothing and jewelry.  Its moderately priced but it was all very nice and well chosen.  This was really my first stop in reconnaissance for decorating our new condo.  I have a feeling I will be back for a few items that caught my eye.
5	Fantastic shop!  I've been a faithful and frequent customer since they opened quite a few years ago down the street from their present location.  One of the top two home decor stores in the Phoenix area.  Wonderful owners and staff, unique items, and also some fun clothing and accessories.
5	I cant believe I forgot to mention Domestic Bliss as one of my favorite retail spaces I'd like to move into! DUH, they even have a bed for me.  This place is awesome. I was able to do 90% of my christmas shopping here. There truly is something for everyone.  The shop is located in this great old brick building and filled with amazing accessories for both home and self. I love their jewelry.  I was just there Saturday and they are having a major sale. I was able to get my nephew some super hip baby clothes at half price.  You need to go to Domestic Bliss. RIGHT NOW! Update 5/24/08 They now have the Blissful Living Studio open.  There is an assortment of craft projects, lifestyle improvement courses, and interior design classes. I've taken one of the interior designs classes and it was very helpful and fun. I love the store and now am able to learn how to bring some of it home! (see photo of my sofa table before & after!)
5	One of the most unique and charming spaces in the East Valley: furniture, clothing, unique home decor.  This gem in Mesa's historic district is locally owned and operated, offering amazing, personalized service.
5	Domestic Bliss also has in house designers that are AMAZING! Now I can bring the look of the store to my own home. They have custom everything and because the owners are always on the hunt for the most "blissful" items you know that what you get is unique and not something your neighbor or friend will have. I have been to many of their events. AWESOME!!! check out their blog, they are always up to something fun & fabulous!
