5	"Thinkin' of you's workin' up my appetiteLooking forward to a little afternoon delight"....yeah baby, The Sun Inn had me at hello. On a frosty December Sunday, we entertained the parentals as a pre-Christmas treat. I haven't been to too many gastropubs recently, but for me, this fitted the bill. Reasonable prices (2 courses for 15 quid), stonking portions (actually, too big even for greedy guts in the corner) and all rather tasty and locally sourced. Good solid food, why can't everyone make food like this? Parents happy with father, ill at the time, even managing to pack away three courses. Only note is that the SR felt the lamb shank he had was lacking in flavour, whereas I found the vegetarian dishes rather over salted. But, The Sun has me hankering to return. A little out of the way, but a perfect Sunday hangout.
5	I've not been here in ages, but whenever I do go its top notch. Good local food from an award winning gastro pub! It's the puddings from here that gets me excited! I've always enjoyed that dessert whatever it is! Service is attentive and good. Staff are super friendly too!
5	I always get excited when I know i'll be visiting The Sun Inn. Simply because I know it is going to be great. Such is the high level of excellence that they constantly provide.It's set in a homely, historical 'inn' that has been thoroughly modernised. With pretty landscaped gardens outside and a pleasing, fashionably decorated interior. The restaurant is very inviting and warm. The dining area perfectly balances atmosphere and conviviality with intimacy and privacy.However, it impresses on far more than just an aesthetic level. There is a huge array of wines to choose from, offering something for every personal taste without compromising at all on quality. Also with a wider selection available by the glass than most places.The food is even more impressive. It's very varied and inventive with a focus on using the best local, seasonal ingredients. The menu changes regularly but testament to the talented kitchen, is always creative and delicious. It's probably not worth going into detail about the food i've had here as the menu does change so often but suffice to say I have never been disappointed and defy anyone to leave unsatisfied.As with any establishment, service is key to the experience and The Sun Inn maintains it's excellent standards in this department as well. The staff are all very friendly and attentive without being at all intrusive. Usually visiting with an awkward vegan, she has always been accommodated impressively, without any problem. In fact, she even gets given her own customised menu with multiple options for each course tailored to her needs with as much thought put into it as the regular menu! This is exemplary service that we have not experienced often, even at Michelin starred restaurants!The Sun Inn has steadily been collecting awards since it opened and plenty more on the way, without doubt. It's a pleasure to have somewhere locally that offers such high quality dining and I will continue to look forward to each visit.
