4	I hate going to see mechanics. Almost as much as I hate going to the dentist.Most times they try to push their stupid car lingo on me and make me feel as if my relatively new car is a piece of junk on the brink of falling apart that can be saved only by "investing" several thousands of dollars on repairs.So imagine my surprise when I went into Pep Boys to get an oil change, and all I got was......an oil change. That's all. They didn't even tell me what other things needed to be "fixed" or "replaced." Minus one star for taking longer than they told me - one hour, 30 minutes for the mechanics to finish up on other cars, and another 30 for the actual oil change. I waited in the lounge for about an hour and a half, but it was OK, because I was pretty occupied spilling to my girlfriends about coming home from a bad blind date I had two nights before.
1	Don't waste your time. I'm standing in line being ignored , phones are getting answered before I'm even told some one would be with me. This continued for 15 min. I needed a simple coolant check and oil change. It was going to take them 2 days and they couldn't guarantee it would be ready by then. The mechanic was behind and they had the next day booked with appointments was the excuse. There is a jiffy lube three blocks further up subset. Go there instead
1	DO NOT GO HERE!! I cannot stress this enough...do not go here.I own a Toyota that I took into this shop awhile back to have the brakes looked at. I did not have an appointment so I arrived early at 8:30AM. It was made very clear that I needed the car back by 12:30pm at the VERY latest, and if this was not possible I would be happy to take bring it in later in the week. Alex assured me the car would be done by 12:30pm several times before I left my keys with him. At 12:30pm I called to make sure the car was ready before I arranged for a ride to go back to the shop, at this time I was told it was not ready and they would be an additional 30 minutes to finish. At this point I was upset, but was able to reschedule my meeting from 1:00pm to 1:30pm with my client. At 1:00pm I arrived to the shop only to find that my car was up in the air, tires off, with no one anywhere near it. When I asked Chandler why the car was not ready even though I was assured by Alex it would be done before 12:30pm he told me they just had to put it back together and that it would be done in a few minutes. Twenty minutes later (1:20) I approached the desk again and asked Chandler what the status was on the car. He again told me that it would be done in just a few minutes. I reminded him this is what he told me nearly half an hour ago and asked that he check the status with the mechanic before quoting me a time. He said he would go to the back and see what was going on. At this point, I called to reschedule the appointment with my client to 2:30pm. I waited for another fifteen minutes (1:45pm), and Chandler was nowhere to be found. I literally had to walk around the building to find him in the back, speaking with two other staff members smoking a cigarette. Again, I asked what the status of the car was. Chandler told me it was going to take at least another hour or so to be finished. When I asked Chandler why he was standing around in the back and didn't come back into the store to tell me it wasn't going to be just a few more minutes when he knew that I have needed this car since 12:30pm to meet my client, he had no response. I asked for a manager and was told that one wasn't available but that someone would call me. At this point my client had cancelled on me.At nearly 3pm the car was put back together and returned to me. Also at this time I was told that they were not able to fix the problem and that I owed $149 even though they didn't fix anything. The cashier stated that the problem was partially fixed and I will be charged for the full amount but they were not able to tell me what had been fixed. After approaching the first stop sign upon leaving the shop it was apparent the problem had not been fixed at all, not even partially.I have NEVER had such a terrible service experience.
4	My check engine light was on and I was nervous to take it in here due to all the bad yelp reviews. 1st I was upset that the diagnostic fee doesn't go to the repairs if there was any. They took around 2hours to get a diagnostic, not bad compared to other places like Midas. What I needed to replace was a lot but Ken the customer service manager was so nice and took off the diagnostic charge completely, gave me a discount and when I picked it up later he also replace my spark plug that I couldn't afford with everything I needed free of charge. I was taken a back and just truly grateful for him. I recommend pepboys. They do care, and they don't push you to buy anything extra like other places. I also felt comfortable here, which does not happen often at the mechanics.
5	This is my go-to shop for all car maintenance. They are fast, courteous, and HONEST. Those who complain about slow service probably just showed up and expected to be serviced right away.  I use the online appointment service (which is really convenient!) or I call, and I've never had to wait more than a half hour for simple work. I took my car in here for a brake inspection a few months ago. I was prepared to dish out for new break pads, and if they had told me I needed them, I wouldn't have batted an eyelash. Instead, they said my brake pads were still good for a while, and didn't charge me for the inspection. Recently, when I needed to fix a loose exhaust shield, they fixed it and not only did it FAST, but also didn't charge me for any of the labor... just the bolts they used to replace the ones that had got loose and been lost.  I've had tires replaced, air filter changed, multiple oil changes, and brake inspections, and all of them were done ON TIME and fast.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! The manager Alex is horrible & so is the mechanic who worked on our car. No customer service and they're very rude! This place actually receives no stars from me!!!! I waited 2 hours for them to check out what was going on with my headlight & while waiting I noticed that the mechanic would work on other cars. Finally after another half an hour we asked the cashier what was going on and he told us the mechanic was test driving a car, when we could clearly see the mechanic outside so he was lieing! Then we told them we are not paying anything and leaving and they told us we need to wait because they don't know what they disconnected!!!!! Then we asked to see a manager and she kept walking past us and ignoring us!!! When she finally came to us she had the worst attitude ever and just gave us the keys with no sorry or anything! Not to mention right before us there were 2 other couples complaining and getting into a fight with the manager and then another family was complaining while we were complaining. I don't understand how anyone would ever go here !!! They lost me as a customer for sure !!!
2	Yeah, no thanks.  Came here on a Thursday night to price out 4 tires and make an appointment to have them done.  They didn't have the tires in stock but had to order them and said they'd be here the next day, which was fine, so I set up an appointment for Sunday morning to have them done at 9am.  Sunday morning arrives and I'm there at 8:50am, waited for them to open and they took the walk-ins ahead of me (fine by me, I'm not that guy who stands at the door waiting for them to open staring at my watch the whole time, so I waited in my car- I had an appointment after all) when they finally get to me, they tell me it will be ready later that afternoon, I asked how long does it take to do tires and they looked through a pile of paperwork (including the walk-in's ahead of me) and preceded to tell me that they don't have the tires there and have to get them from the Tropicana store to which I told him that I already ordered them on Thursday and they should have had them in stock now, he just kinda said "I'll have to look around for them".  I'm suddenly feeling like Jerry Seinfeld in that episode where he had a reservation for a rental car but on the day to get it, they didn't have one for him and he goes into his skit about not knowing the concept of a reservation, so I basically told him forget it, I'm going somewhere else as these people obviously don't know the concept of an appointment.  The stars are for the girl who set up the appointment (I believe her name was Jessica, very nice and knowledgeable).  Could have been a good review but the other people working that day (and possibly whoever was supposed to order the tires- don't know if they actually had them or not, and apparently neither did the guy working)  ruined that for Pep Boys.  I won't be returning.
1	DONT GO HERE....I went here  with a  question on why my car was saying it was over heating, I was there for over five hours, told I need a sensor part and water switch ,costing me over $550.00 , although the staff was nice to me when spoke to me,my car had to stay in shop for six days with out my car,ugh that was horrible, so I pick it up on six day,the car still doing the same thing,no change,I take it back, then they say I need a water pump,cost is over $1400, I'm in tears, I don't have any more money, so I left for a second opinion, I went to a local shop tell them situation, guess what they find a hose was leaking that had got rubbed by a fan belt, replace it with new one, no more leak no more over heating, they said my water pump was ok total cost $221.00, do your research ask for second opinion please! Lesson learned for me!
1	Awful service, they did a bunch of unauthorized work on my car, and then freaked when I told them I was just going to pick up my car. They said they already fixed it. Even though they said they wouldn't work on anything until I came in and paid half the price. Now I place a web order and I've been here for 30 minutes while they fumble around for it. Terrible.
1	Had a 2pm appointment on Thursday for a car inspection.  But when I got there Victor at the service desk told me that it'll be a 2 to 3 hours wait. He goes on to explain that it's like if I had a doctor appointment I would still have to wait a while before the doctor could see me. Wow...at my doctor office the longest I ever had to wait was 30 mins. If you like to waste time waiting please come here other wise it's best if you find somewhere else.
1	There needs to be a minus button!  This review will get edited with more details!  We had an appointment!  Ya'll, don't bother to set an appointment, I wouldn't even go to this shady place!  Just to give you a quick idea, Pep Boys quoted us $1300.00  Said the rotors were bad!  Hubby took the car to Mr. Breaks and only the rear break pads needed to be replaced!  The price........$250.00!  Pep Boys you should be ashamed of yourself!  I thought you were a company that could be trusted!STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE UNLESS YOUR JUST GETTING A OIL CHANGE!
3	Sad to see all these terrible reviews! Pretty obvious that management needs a "reset". It's what happens when unqualified people are put into the wrong positions, totally screw up a business.  Anyway, I come in here from time to time, only for accessories, never had work done. I was sold incorrect tire chains by the GM, which wasted both my time and money, but I went in today and a gentleman named Mario helped me, was very nice, and apologetic. Could have been a real pain, but was fixed right away, and i appreciate that.
