1	Same as the other reviewers: literally the worst service I've ever experienced, anywhere. Note to owner who screamed at me for absolutely no reason: If you're going to mix racks of 'high quality' gowns with racks of overpriced, torn and dirty 'regular vintage', don't blame the customers for simply wanting to look at your merchandise. If you're worried about things falling off of hangers, either move all your special clothes to a separate area, install a sign saying do not touch, or, oh, i dunno, maybe just invest in some proper hangers? WORST STORE EVER. DON'T GO THERE.
1	The angriest, most abrasive shopkeeper I have ever encountered. At first he was very attentive (almost too much), and while I tried on a jacket he was fawning and full of complements. Then, when I told him I wanted to think about it and would come back later, he had a total hissy fit. He berated me for not being "Man" enough to purchase a suit jacket, and that the price was less than I was going to spend on dinner (it was $60, def not what I spend on dinner). He was literally frothing at the mouth, and spouting obscenities, chased me out of the store . I am not kidding.Needless to say, I hightailed it out of there and have no intention of ever going back. I recommend giving this store a wide berth. (unless you are in the Theatre, then perhaps he'll treat you different?)
3	Two points:*  A really great collection of vintage menswear--beautiful old overcoats and jackets--that is hard to find elsewhere.  And very good prices too.  Mixed in with that are some items of questionable value, but if you know what you want, you can make a great discovery here.  I'd give this place 4 or maybe 5 stars for the merchandise alone.*  I have to warn: my experience was in line with the other reviewers' reports.  The proprietor of this place was incredibly, unbelievably, theatrically--almost comically--rude and inhospitable.  From the moment I entered, he tried his hardest to insult me out of the store, and only the quality of his merchandise (and an incredulous curiosity) kept me from leaving right then.  Certainly, it was the worst 'service' I have ever experienced.  I would give it 0 stars if I could.  To quote him, I would certainly say of the proprietor, that he is a "theater piece" (as he said to us of his overcoats, with obvious disdain).  To paraphrase Murray from A Thousand Clowns: "he is not a man, he is an experience".  If you're looking for the thrill and humour of being randomly insulted by someone to whom you are trying to give your money, then it might be a good adventure to visit this place.So, I am giving 3 stars overall: if you know what you want, you might find something really great, but beware of the store-owner--if you don't think you can take his insults with at least a bewildered sense of humour, it would be best not to go, or at least take a friend with you for moral and emotional support.
