4	We discovered Solmar on our last trip to Montreal 3 years ago, so wanted to find it again.  Located downtown on the second floor, the decor is old world, but warm and romantic.The waiters are friendly, but service could be a little slow.  They start you off with a bread basket and some olives.  We started with the grilled chorizo which was very good.Since I ate the pork and clams there 3 years ago, I have been touting it as the best I've had, so I had to make sure that statement was still true and am so happy that I can still say it!We ordered the pork and clams for 2 and it did not disappoint.  This really is the best I've had. The sauce is so rich and deep and flavorful, you can't help but mop it up with some bread.  The dish is loaded with tender pork and lots of small clams and potatoes.  The potatoes are so creamy and tender and not at all mushy.  It is a fabulous dish.We also decided to share the almond cake for dessert, which was delicious!  Another great experience at Solmar and hopefully this time I won't have to wait 3 years to go back.
3	The food was good, service was extremely slow.  We were there on a busy Saturday night so that may be to blame.
5	I love Portuguese wines and this restaurant has an extensive choice.  The food was excellent, the service impeccable.  I felt it was a little pricey but what restaurant in Montreal isn't?
5	Amazing food, lovely atmosphere.When we walked in we were a bit nervous because there was hardly anyone there. Why wasn't there a 45 minute wait like every other place on the block? I'm not sure, but everyone waiting at The Keg (etc) is missing out.The dining room is very lovely and offers a nice view of the cobblestone Old Montreal. Not long into our Saturday evening meal, a band began to play nice music that lasted the entire time.The food was tremendous!!!!! My parents ordered the Kale Soup, grilled porgy and grilled octopus and really liked all of it. But we all agreed that my seafood rice dish was the most outstanding. It came with mussels, shrimp, scallops, lobster and clams in one of the best broths I've ever tasted. It's as much of a stew or soup as it is a rice dish. If you like seafood, order this! It also comes in a two person portion. For Montreal, prices are not bad and the wine list has some nice options. Definitely recommend.
