3	I'm not usually a fast food kind of gal.  But when traveling, it's a sure bet that you will get consistency, if nothing else, from the golden arches.Oh, and I got more than that at this McDonald's!  People watching is prime in this joint.  Sit there long enough and you will see it all.A crazy, old, scrawny homeless man cut me in line.  Normally, I would have raised issue with this gentleman, but decided to give him a little room.  I mean, whatever the life expectancy is for homeless people, this man had exceeded it and then some.  I figured, if he was that old and still surviving on the mean streets of Vegas, he might not be the guy to confront.  Either that, or he was actually 35 and just looked like 87.  Living outside and drinking your weight in gin every day will do that to you.Sugar daddies and their "girlfriends", Hollywood honeys, midwesterners and their girthy midsections, cowboys, families with a grip of kids, junkies, homeboys, grandmas with bejeweled fanny packs.....this place had it all.  And I was only there for about 20 minutes.  I was wondering what I could have been witness to had I stayed a little longer.As McDonald's restaurants go, this one is pretty nice.  Clean and no god-forsaken play area.  Don't people know that the pit with the plastic balls is just a giant vat of germs?
5	Oh, and I forgot about the couple with the mullet!  Yes, yes.  Both the guy and his lady had mullets.  What do you call a couple with their each own hideous hairstyle?  Business in the front, party in the back!  A couplet?  I am not sure what a couple with this 'do is called, but I should have taken a picture to put on http://www.mulletjunky.com/
1	Well, yet another disapointment located in the Stratosphere. I tried to order a clearly advertised shamrock shake and was told rudely that not only could i not a shamrock shake because those were not served anymore, but that i could not get any shakes because the machine was broken. So I ordered two cherry pies instead, much to my surprise i only got one cherry and apple, when i expressed my disapointment to the manager he pretty much told me to get lost. so on my way out after putting up with a week of this shit at this crap fucking hotel, i told all the people within earshot how shitty the stratosphere is. Also the place is supposed to opened at 6 am it didnt open until around 6:20 and we still couldnt use our debit cards.
