4	My sister and I went today for brow waxes. The establishment is spotless. Cleanliness is really important to me. My esthetician was Alexandra. She was very professional and explained everything she did before she did it. I've had many waxes and know the procedure, but it was a nice touch. When we arrived for our appointments we were told about their package prices. I'm a pay-as-you-go type person so I declined. It was not a hard sell and I really appreciated that. I made a follow up appointment in 2 weeks.
4	This was my first visit to EWC. I first noticed how clean this place was. The ladies at the front desk were polite and helpful. They were pushing the membership a little bit, but they weren't aggressive. Christal, my esthetician does a good eyebrow wax and she doesn't talk alot either....bonus! It was a pleasnt experience. The price is quite reasonable, $16 and she's fast, but not sloppy. I'll be back in two weeks.
2	I just moved to this area, and wanted to find a great waxing salon. When first went to this establishment it was spotless and they got me in right away for a Brazilian. When I showed up the place was impeccably clean, and I was extremely impressed. If only my experience was to end there. The front desk then informed me that they had a scheduling error and I would have to wait 45 minutes or reschedule. I decided to wait, as I was getting ready to vacation to San Diego and wanted to be hairless for my beach vacation. While I waited there the front desk was unprofessional, talking about what staff was horrible and every bit of gossip this staff had to offer each other. Once I went into the back room, the waxer was incredibly rude. She had no desire to turn my experience around. When I got home I had patches that were missed, and in the weeks that my hair was growing out I had horrible problems with ingrown hairs. I have been waxing for a year now, and never had a problem with ingrown hair. I am assuming this is way they try to sell you the serum against ingrown hairs because they know their "special" formula will cause you to have ingrown hairs. then to top it off the ladies at the front desk were extremely pushing on me pre-purchasing my next wax. I will never go back to this place ever again. Especially for the price that they charge to have a wax.
5	I was in desperate need of getting my eyebrows down (they had not been waxed in 2 months, so you can imagine what they looked like. EW!) but i had no idea where to get them done. i have been unsatisfied with every place so far. I decided to give this place a chance. So I called this place up at 4:20 and they told me they close at 5 and would be able to get me in at 4:30. luckily, i was just down the street so i took the appointment. When I got there, I noticed how clean the place was! That calmed my nerves. The girl at the front was very sweet! She told me since it was my first time, my wax would be complimentary! Awesome right!? Then my aesthetician, Sharon came out and took me to the room, which was super clean and explained the 4 step process. She engaged in convo, making me feel at ease. She was fantastic! And now for the results... I LOVE MY EYEBROWS!! They look the same and are perfectly shaped, not overly thick or thin! She did such an amazing job!! I am SO GLAD I came here! I have my next appointment in 3 weeks ;) P.S. they give you $5 vouchers left and right, so you're always getting a deal!
4	I come here once a month for the eyebrow waxing. The staff is professional and quick. It's actually not as painful as regular waxing in a nail salon, and I think the results last a lot longer. Plus, the employees understand exactly what I'm saying. The price is kind of high though, and they are pushy on the "packages" which kind of stinks. But all in all I will keep coming here for sure.
5	I LOVE EWC!!! Yes the packages are pricey but you really do pay for what you get. Iv only had one bad experience with a waxer, but lets be real NOT EVERY WAXER is going to be perfect to everyone's standards so I just don't see that specific waxer. I get my eyebrows, legs, and full bikini every two weeks and Im addicted! From their clean environment, music they play and friendly staff this place is the best!
1	I had the worst waxing experience of my life at this salon.  I used to go to Jessica here but over the summer she stopped working there. When I returned back in town I went to get underarms and upper lip waxed. It was the most painful waxing I have ever had. I tried to explain how to put pressure after the removal to help but the woman I had did not know what she was doing at all. My underarms were in pain for several hours after getting waxed there. This never happened in the past 10 years that I have been getting waxed. Additionally, my face broke out due to the upper lip waxing being done incorrectly. I will never return here again and I warn all others to only go here if you have your one steady person that you can count on that works there and knows how to wax properly.
5	FIVE STARS! This place is the best! The staff is so awesome all the time! They know just how to put a smile on my face every time I am there. And the waxers are amazing! I don't know why people say you can't always get a good wax because you can here! You just have to be able to communicate what you want to your waxer! I will NEVER EVER go ANYWHERE else!
4	I'd always told myself that eyebrow waxing was a waste, why pay someone else when you can just pluck?  But when I got in my car yesterday, looked in the mirror and saw all the hairs I'd missed, I decided I probably did need professional help.  This location is right by my gym so I stopped in to see what it was all about.  Come to find out, since I'd never been to a European Wax Center before my eyebrow wax was going to be free!  Definitely a good start to this process.My esthetician was Becca and I really liked her style.  She was friendly but also very informative, making sure I knew what she was doing at all of the steps and making sure we were both on the same page with what I wanted.  I'm very happy with my eyebrows, so much so I'm mad I waited this long to get it done!  I'm definitely going to be making this a routine visit going forward.
4	I've been coming here for about 6months & can't stop! I do wish I could come by & be able to get in without an appointment, but their hours are great & of all the girls I've seen I haven't had an issue yet. I've purchased the eye brow package (pay for 9 and get some free), I do not go with their recommendation on how often to come in, seems a little excessive. Their ingrown hair serum is amazing, consider purchasing-there is usually a deal, like $5 off every service if you buy.
5	Fantastic! I see Lauren every 2 weeks and she is great. I am always able to accommodate my crazy schedule to get into her so I feel pretty. It is not at all painful and I get compliments after almost every visit.
