5	Excellent, excellent service. Fast and good food by a staff that's on. I have been here twice and each time walk away happy.  This is a classic diner, with classic diner food as well as Quebecois favorites like smoked meat and poutine - nothing particularly fancy or amazing, just good solid food and fast.I walked in on a Friday night at 6:45. The place was packed, I was seated and had my food in about 7 minutes. They impress.
4	Pizza... This is the BEST thing they make and this is the BEST pizza in the neighborhood. Medical warning; Fameux pizza is not for people with high cholesterol, heart disease, or people on strict diets.
4	This place is a legend, the old guard, a little of the old fashioned. But the clientele has gotten younger and younger everytime I've gone in for a club sandwich, cheeseburger or pogo. Recently I was there Christmas Day, me and some friends found ourselves on our own for the night and wanted to get some grub. Nothing was open except....good old Le Fameux!! I had a version of a hot turkey sandwich with a scoop of mash and some veg. Goodtimes, always to be had at this friendly and rustic diner. Go with friends or go alone it won't dissappoint.
4	I've been going to Fameux for well over a decade and until recently had only indulged in their "gros poutine pour partager" avec un coke and normally only after 2:00am. This 24-hour classic "booths and old school waitresses" diner is one of those authentic Montreal haunts where Franco Anglo young old hipster blue collar academic congregate under one roof to hunker down with some hearty eats. Their menu is fairly comprehensive but focuses on pizza, poutine, clubs, platters, and smoked meat. They also do a decent breakfast.A friend, whilst pregnant, started craving their "Star Burger Supreme" and when I asked her partner what was in it they promptly whisked me away to sample it. We each ordered "the" burger, cherry coke and broiled poutine to share (which initially I thought sounded like sacrilege but turned out to be extremely satisfying eliminating the soggy fry factor). The star burger was INTENSE - consisting of a classic patty with bacon, cheese curds, onion rings AND a slice of cheese on a bun. It was impressive but overall I found it fairly bland (perhaps a little more  mustard would have helped?) and due to extreme grease-factor the bun got soggy before I could finish it. The cherry coke was a perfect, ultra sweet, way to cut through the grease though!I'll continue frequenting this spot as I'm definitely a fan of their classic and broiled poutine, the mushroom pizza and the atmosphere in general. And really, who can resist a place with booths? I can't!
4	Ok, ok. It's not fancy, it doesn't have a million toppings, the servers aren't hip young people. But I'm telling you, in my opinion Fameux has the best poutine in the city. Thick, crispy fries (no slim greasy things that turn to mush!), squeaky cheese and yummy gravy. The TRUE classic. I'd pick this place over any of those overrated poutine joints any day of the week.
5	I love this place to death. Got beer and a giant breakfast here with my boss and a co-worker our last day on my summer job. Delicious food and the waitress was 100% on-the-ball and hilarious to boot. Got us in and out within barely half an hour, and our orders were not exactly small.
2	Did I order the wrong thing? I was looking forward to my 2am plate of poutine after my night out! I was devastated when my fries came out all soggy and cold. Granted, gravy would eventually make my fritas soggy eventually but still, the ones not even touching the sauce were limp. Place was packed with NYE after party goers, how could the fries be soggy?The only reason it's not one star is because of the vintage feel of the diner and the crowd this place draws. Even though my fries weren't great, people watching was fantastic!
4	Came here last night to try some poutine with a good friend. Though I'm not a fan of poutine, the dish that we shared together just melted in my mouth. A pretty good way of making up for my general dislike for this piece of Canadian cuisine. The diner ambiance and being able to sit there for as long as you like without any hassle from staff is just awesome. Also, watching the attractive people walking by the big windows is a sure plus :)
5	Delicious and affordable breakfast, tried this place out this morning and will definitely be coming back. Seated instantly and food handed to me within 8 minutes of ordering. And the food was absolutely delicious. Coffee included.
3	I went there for breakfast, and the food was a mix of cold and reheated stuff. Prices are reasonable, but there's much better around. Their "feves au lard" were good, but in small portion. For anything other than a late night case of the munchies, I'd go somewhere else.
4	Okay poutine. My mom had a middle-eastern something that I forgot. Both of us enjoyed the meal, and the serving size was huge. Still, we couldn't get over the diner-atmosphere of the restaurant. I guess it'd be a better feeling when it's cold and dark. Service could be improved.
5	Ladies and gentlemen, Mesdames et Messieurs, we have a winner!In my decidedly unscientific poutine crawl in Montreal, my favorite experience was here at Fameux.  The place does a lively business but that doesn't stop the lady at the front from being so friendly and welcoming.  It was great just meeting here.  In addition to that, the food was amazing!I, of course, had poutine.  I got the smoked meat variety since they are known for that.  My buddy got a smoked meat sandwich, with fries and gravy.  He put his first fry in the gravy and after tasting it, said I'd love it and he was not wrong.  The smoked meat itself was perfect...moist without being greasy.  Tender and flavorful.  It was heaven.  But what sent it to the stratosphere for me was the gravy.  There was some flavor in there...a spice or something..I couldn't put my finger on it but it added a little "zing" to the proceedings.  I loved it.  Washing it down with a tap beer (I think they told me it was made by Molson, I could be wrong) was a delightful way to spend an afternoon.This gets the highly coveted award of "Bill's Favorite Poutine in Montreal".
1	What a disappointment. It's not the first time I order from here but it will be the last. I don't know if they changed the owner or chef but the pizza was such a let down. The first time I tried their pizza, their tomato was amazing. There was a certain spice that they used that left you craving another piece. This time was completely different. There was barely any sauce on the pizza and the dough seemed to have been raw. It was chewy and sat on your stomach. It's a huge disappointment especially when you were craving their pizza and finally cave and have one bite and throw it away. A waste of calories.
3	This place hasn't changed at all over the years.  Nonetheless, management has changed a while ago and so did their service. Got mixed feelings  for this restaurant as my friend burned himself with their onion soup. This happened because the waiter or the restaurant itself failed to notice the customer in any kind of ways that the side of the plate would be burning hot . Needless to say , this was a pretty serious mistake from the waiter . Neither him or the manager itself could apologize to my friend saying that was an accident and it wasn't their fault. Like I said things have changed in that restaurant..Recently , I have given the opportunity to redeem itself from the previous occasion . This time it was not a flop , the waitress was very attentive to our needs . My buddy and I enjoyed our smoke meat poutine , although I found it a bit too salty ... It was still a very good meal and I could rate it 7.5/10I have concluded that this restaurant is still an excellent choice for late night snacking if one is in the area. Note that they don't serve their 24hours breakfast between 2-5am ;)
4	Cool retro/vintage spot on Mont-Royal. Went for breakfast on a Friday morning. Ordered scramble eggs with smoked meat. Food was okay. Waitress was nice. Love this kind of place. Really old school. Somked meat in my plate was greasy and thick-cut style, which I am not a big fan of. I would come back here mostly for the vibe of the place more than for their food. *Wifi wasn't working.
3	Alright everyone ! Its Time for another one of my famous reviews. First and foremost let me say that the menu is out of this world !What kind of poutine do you want ? Poutine with bacon? How about a smoked meat poutine ? Hmmm but I really want the Italian!! Aaw forget about it ! I want them all !!! Cheers mates I love my fans!! Xox
5	I never had a meal there any other time than for breakfast. I really enjoyed their selection and prices.  Don't expect anything fancy, just old fashioned meals with your average grandmother's living room.  Great price and good taste!  Blanche,  a waitress there, is very welcoming and makes you feel at ease in no time!
