5	I have had access to Davis Mile for many years as a member of Pre Paid Legal and found their services to be effective. I recently had occasion to use the firm outside of the Pre paid venue and found that I was unaware of the full range of services this firm can provide.Specifically I needed an operating document for a new company a partner and I are forming. I worked with John Skablund at the firm and Charlie Davis, a partner.  The operating agreement had to be amended completely due to changes we made and John and Charlie were not only prompt and reasonably priced but very easy to work with. Both John and Charlie exhibited competency without an attitude of arrogance I had experienced at other large firms.I am now contacting them in regard to an  831b (captive insurance) issue I need clarification on. I encourage anybody seeking legal assistance to contact John and if he is not the attorney for that question he will know who you need to speak with.
5	Best law firm in Arizona.  An awesome looking building stocked full of the best lawyers that take the time to answer all your questions.
5	We recently had Davis Miles do our estate planning and some asset protection stuff.  That means they did our wills, trust, and organized some business entities for us to help protect our money and properties in case we are ever sued.  We worked with Trent Woods and John Skabelund and were really pleased with them.  They were both very professional, knowledgeable, and appeared to truly have our best interests in mind.  They even undersold us on the asset protection planning!  We asked about more expensive services and instead of recommending the services, which they could have done, they informed us that we really didn't need those extra services and would be better off to simply get a little bit more insurance coverage. How often does a business tell you not to use their services?!  I thought that was great that they were so honest.  Also, Trent Woods did our NFA gun trust so that we can legally own some firearm suppressors.  We did a lot of research when looking for an attorney to draft a gun trust and found that Trent is the best attorney in the state when it comes to gun law.  He seems to be the most experienced and really knows what he is talking about.  He answered all of our questions and really put us at ease.  I would highly recommend those two attorneys and their firm.  We had a great experience. I will happily refer my friends and family to them.
5	My husband and I hired Karl Scholes for custody of my husbands kids. Karl (and everyone else at the firm we met) was very professional. Karl was very upfront with us on what to expect and told us when we wasting our money & time. He was very well organized and prepared in the court room. After 3 long court hearings (200 miles away!!) Karl won our case for us! This firm is really great and we will use them again if needed & recommend them to everyone.
