5	These guys are very trustworthy, quick, and affordable. My Jetta has been in here on several occasions and Jake has done an outstanding job every time. Recently I had him install a 1/8" jack into the back of my car stereo so I could plug in my MP3 player... Great investment as those FM transmitters are worthless. (what's with manufacturers still including tape decks and not 1/8" inputs - how freaking out of touch are they?)He has also done several other less exciting but necessary repairs for me over the years.Simply put, I highly recommend Jake and Shuman's Auto Clinic in Tempe.
5	Jake is my auto guy and is over at Shuman's Auto Clinic. For years I have trusted Jake with my personal vehicle's and Business van. He is working for Mike over at Shuman's and I didn't think I can trust a car guy like I trusted Jake and then Jake introduced me to Mike and his crew over at Shuman's and they are great. They fix what needs to be fixed and they look over what other things look like they need attention and let you know the REAL Story, not a strong arm sales pitch, just real honest advice and GREAT work. Thanks Jake and Mike!!!!!
5	Finding a good trusting garage is hard to find. These guys are so great they are fast fare and trustworthy. When you go there ask for Jake.
5	Shuman's is the place to take your car. No one else touches my cars. I have been taking my cars to Jarke for a couple of years now. He does excellent work and is very knowledgable. The owner, Mike, is a pleasure to deal with. They always give you advice on making your car run better but aren't pushy about it. They even follow up when you are due for scheduled maintenance.
5	A pleasure to do business with. Came in at the end of the day, and they gladly took my car in, and did the oil change right then while I waited. Got to know Mike - stand up guy. No wonder they have such a reputation!  They seem to have been an asset to the community now for quite some time.
5	I've been to many auto clinics in the past, but none are so friendly and reasonable as Shuman's.  Since finding Shuman's through my BNI chapter, my wife and I have never taken our cars anywhere else.At first, I was skeptical whether they could work on my BMW, but Jake at Shuman's assured me he has the knowledge and experience necessary to work with German cars and SUVs.  Sure enough, his service and advice have been great.
5	I have a very reliable auto and typically go in for oil changes. They do check things over when it is in there an let me know when things like, oh, your alternator bolt is missing. Good catch, better to find out in the shop then on the road. The lesson i have learned is that the basic oil change becomes a nightmare event for too many people when, the plugs are not properly replaced, filter not properly replace, wrong filter (transmission) changed, fill cap not replaced... i have heard lots of bad stories from people who take their cars to the chain quicky lube.
5	Shumans has done a great job on my car and has always saved me money in the end.  They are very upfront and honest about your cars situation and I appreciated the diagnosis and honesty I received. I'm now a lifetime customer.
5	I have some different vehicles to be taken care of , 2 old Landcruisers - 76 and 84 and the guys were able to fix problems that other could not even diagnose.  These are real mechanics - not parts changers.  They also have of the computer wizzywhatzi (term of art) to take care of my new vehicle too.On a side note - they also have WiFi - cool.
1	Sooo rude it's ridiculous I called to ask a question and Mike wouldn't even let me finish a sentence!!! Worst customer service I've even encountered!
5	yet again MIke has saved my butt for a fraction of what a dealer was going to fix - that was not broken... the dealer was not bad, but the Mike knew the problem in minutes and fixed it as opposed tot he dealership that missed it and wanted nearly 900 to fix and $110 problem.  Thank You
5	I have been taking my vehicles to Schuman's for several years now. They always get to root of the problem the first time without any complications. When they say your car will be ready you can count on it. One time I was unable to pick up my vehicle until after they had closed, this was no problem to them as Brian had said he would wait until I got there before he left the shop. This made me a customer for life as that made it convenient for me. I have also recommended Shuman's to many of my family members and friends.
5	Mike and his staff are phenomenal!  After having another shop mess up our air conditioning and then wanting to charge us to fix it I left and came over to Schumans. They recharged the system and we were on our way heading into a hot week in phoenix.  Thank Mike!
5	Brian and Mike provide excellent service and simply put, I trust them.  They recently put a Jasper engine in my Yukon XL which I've wanted to give a second life.  Also, had work done on my 6.0L Power Stroke.  In both cases, the work was excellent and delivered on time.
5	I have been using Shuman's for years for my automotive needs.  Mike and Brian have been great at taking care of my cars even helping me out in a pinch at the end of the business day or when I drop by without an appointment.Always professional, very trustworthy, and they tell it like it is.
