4	I came here 2 years ago and it was good. I spoke to the owner in Cantonese and she was very delightful.We ordered the pork fried rice and the house soup. The soup was a clear chicken broth, included lots of veggies and bbq pork. It reminded me of my mom's soup.
5	Excellent food!  Delicious egg drop soup, chinese chicken curry, and egg foo yung. Da bomb!  Nice staff... The fried rice is fairly dark but tasty.
3	Very good service!! Great food...very tasty!!
4	This is a great little Chinese restaurant. We eat lunch here often and it's always wonderful.  They make everything fresh and will do special requests such as no nuts in the Kung Pao as I always ask for. The place is very clean and the help is always friendly, quick and helpful. We always bring visitors here and my hubby and I eat here at least once a week. We highly recommend this little place to anybody looking for good, fresh inexpensive chinese food.
5	Best egg rolls in vegas. Good prices and a lot of food and the service is nice.  They can be a little slow when it gets crowded because there only seems to be 1 or 2 people service and 1 cooking in the back.
4	With only a 30 min lunch window, I have to make use of the time I have.  Great Wall is fast and efficient.  First time, I had to come in.  I didn't have a menu or phone number.  I made a quick lunch order.  Great pricing and a big selection.  There really wasn't a wait.  Took me 10 minutes.  Service is quick and while waiting, I noticed other folks calling in orders.  Which I took to grab a menu to stash at work for next time.  Place was packed while I was there.  I ordered a sweet and sour pork, and chow mein lunch special.  My chow mein was huge, way too much for lunch.  Came with an eggroll and some fried rice.  My coworker ate his whole box up.  I asked him how was it, and he goes "that hit the spot."  He's down to grab another box again next time.  The chow mein was decently made.  Not too heavy on the flavor which is great.  I don't like how some places make it like Panda Express with tons of oil/grease.  They knew how to package the togo boxes.  Added utensils and sauces/spices.  Parking may be a pain during rush hour.  I browsed their menu and say mushu pork..  Not too many places make this item, so I'll def have to head back to grab me one.
4	Tried lunch here today and had hot and sour soup and Ma Po tofu...which were both very flavorful and spicy. I would recommend this place. Service was a little slow during the lunch rush.
2	I've been here a few times because it's close to my job.  The lady that works in the front is really nice but the food is just alright.  I've never had a major complaint but today my food was not good.  I ordered shrimp fried rice for lunch and it's different, maybe a new cook or they change the oil.  It smells really good but has no taste whatsover.  Even after adding soy sauce and pepper it's unedible.  I'm so surprised because I love fried rice and who can mess that up.  Now I have to find something else to eat for lunch.
5	Come for the great and cheap lunch menu they have,great tasting food ,Super friendly vibe and great amount of food for a cheap price.
4	Came here on two occasions so far with a friend during lunch time. We're both budget tight medical students so this seemed like a great place to eat.The first time we came, I had ordered the kung pao chicken lunch special and my friend ordered the cashew chicken lunch special. I honestly didn't really like the kung pao chicken because it wasn't spicy at all. However, the cashew chicken dish was great! The second time we came in, I ordered the chicken chow mein lunch special and my buddy ordered the same cashew chicken dish. This time, the chow mein was great and was really flavorful! So after the second time, I was able to respect this place a bit more.Service wasn't that bad. The waitress came by frequently to check on us despite the growing number of people starting to show up for lunch. I honestly think the food is great for the price and they don't try to rip you off with the portion size. I left stuffed both times! Also this place is close to many clinics, UMC and Valley Hospital, so it makes it really easy to grab a quick lunch. I will be back!!
5	Moved here from Chicago 12 years ago and have been craving good Chinese food ever since. I tried several dozen places and was terribly disappointed every time. Then one day I overheard a guy on the bus talking about this place and decide to try it that night for dinner. WOW! I was in heaven Chinese food like I remember, great taste and AWESOME service. The best part? NO VEGGIES IN THE FRIED RICE!!! It is out of my way as I live in the southwest part of town, But I will be eating here A LOT!
3	I've had better and I have had worse...probably won't be returning here but if you choose to go here, I had the Kung Pau chicken. It had too much sauce but maybe that is how you like your chicken?My boyfriend had the orange chicken which he was very disappointed in...he said Panda Express makes better orange chicken
4	The price is right, and the food is alright.It was my first time here and I ordered the ma pao tofu and had a great time.The place is your standard hole-in-the-great-wall, don't expect much if you're looking for ambiance. I was super excited when I found out both the server lady and the chef spoke fluent Cantonese and they were both super nice to not just me, but to everyone as well.I will definitely go back to try more items. Fast, good, and cheap.
3	The Great Wall is a pretty good restaurant!  They have awesome egg rolls!  Very flavorful and good texture.  Not those skinny spring rolls that they make at most places. I love sesame chicken, but not impressed with theirs.  There sweet and sour shrimp and Mongolian beef is great, though!  I haven't found an awesome Chinese restaurant since I left Chicago.
5	40yrs of chinese food in NY and this is the best tasting ive had in a long time. This place is awesome. Great food but if ur looking for ambiance then this wont work for you.
4	some of the best Chinese food I've tasted since I've moved here,  chow mien is flavorful and reminds me of lo mien from New York, i have to keep reminding myself to get something new when i go there but there chow mien is just amazing
4	I like their variety appetizers plate and the sweet and sour pork specially for the amount of food you get for the prize, but like any other Chinese place you can taste the grease that's been used over and over again. I loved their crab Ragoon which they didn't over fry as most places do. The service was OK and it wasn't crowded I did see that a lot of the orders are for pick up so maybe that's why you don't see a lot of people inside the restaurant.
1	I will not come back to this restaurant anymore. The egg rolls were tasteless, the house fried rice has egg shells in it, the Mongolian beef was a smaller portion, but the same price and no fortune cookies included, third time in a row.  How do you not have fortune cookies at a Chinese food restaurant!  Stupid !
