5	Fantastic sushi restaurant!The maki at Niko Niko is unparalleled in Kitchener.  The chef makes HUGE rolls with high-quality ingredients and picture-perfect presentation every time.  Service is quick and efficient.  Niko Niko is usually packed at lunchtime and busy at suppertime, but when it's slow the servers won't let your teacup get 1/2 empty before refilling it.  The tables, floor and bathrooms are always spotless.
5	sushi perfection! Niko Niko is amazing! Firstly, the staff is amazing, always quick. The owner's are so nice too. The Head chef makes amazing meals and use quality products.  The price is amazing, i am a fan of the Yam tempura, not on the menu but they make it for me.(ask for a yam am a substitue to the shrimp tempura if you want to try it!) Its a huge roll with avaccodo and cucumber. Its delicious, plus a miso soup, salad and tea for $9.00. The salad dressing is like nothing i've ever tasted. It is so good. The dumplings(goyza) here are also delicous. I was eating at niko niko atleast once a week, while living near it. Anytime i have the chance i eat there. It always hits the spot!
4	After hearing so much about "Niko Niko" from different people, I finally ventured to this restaurant with a friend.  First, they served us the salad - which I thought was going to be similar to any other salad. However, there was a little kick to the salad dressing -- I believe they might have added some wasabi.  The miso soup was similar to other miso soups.The sushi rolls came by quite quickly.  We ordered the Niko Niko roll (cream cheese, masago, and what I believe also included soft shell crab) and the Love Love roll (spicy tuna, salmon, masago).  It was absolutely delicious.  Both were quite filling, and the bill came out to be about $25 or so.  The plating of the sushi was impeccable - I was surprised about how they nice plated out the sushi and garnished it as well.Service was so-so, but I didn't expect much out of a small Japanese/Korean restaurant.  Great place to go to, and will definitely go again!
5	Nothing beats a bowl of udon & a half-roll of Niko Niko to tide one over for the day. Fantastic folks who run the place and amazing food. There's no competition locally and anytime I'm within a hundred miles of the place I have to visit :) Great service.
4	Fast service, clean and bright atmosphere, helpful staff, good Volcano roll, yam tempura, shrimp tempura, veggie gyoza. Pretty good for our first time having sushi in town since moving from Vancouver.  Will call ahead for takeout next time.
4	Excellent little place in the heart of downtown Kitchener! Although service can be a bit slow, the food is absolutely worth the wait.After ordering, miso soup and salad were served. The salad was very fresh and very different. It wasn't the usual Thousand Island sauce or vinaigrette sauce. It was very tangy, with a slight wasabi flavour to it. I found the miso soup to be lacking in flavour.My friend and I shared two rolls - Love Love and Grand Canyon. The chef definitely had his creative hat on when crafting these rolls. The Love Love roll (spicy tuna, salmon, masago) was very unique. The Grand Canyon roll (eel, cooked salmon, cream cheese, tempura bits) was absolutely epic. The roll was baked just before serving. The tempura bits were very crunchy and it had such a different texture!
5	Nothing beats a bowl of udon & a half-roll of Niko Niko to tide one over for the day. Fantastic folks who run the place and amazing food. There's no competition locally and anytime I'm within a hundred miles of the place I have to visit :) Great service.
4	Please keep in mind that this is a 4* relative to sushi available in Waterloo, Ontario. I really enjoyed the place and will return. The fish tasted fresh, especially the salmon.  I thought it was better than Watami. The rolls are huge so you definitely do not have to order as many as you would in other sushi places.
3	I've been to Niko Niko quite a few times through my years in Waterloo. It's one of the "better" sushi places in town. While the quality of food is decent, nothing really stands out. It's a Japanese restaurant run by Koreans. The appetizer salad has a touch of vinegar and spice, which I really enjoyed. When it comes to rolls and sushi I feel that the fish could be fresher. Nice, relaxing ambience, conveniently located in downtown Kitchener (pretty close to Charles street terminal if I remember it right). Decent price, mediocre service.That being said if I'm in town I wouldn't mind stopping by for a bite.
4	I come here for their real udon, it is delicious =). But their tempura and miso soup can use some help. Rolls are average, with a decent presentation. Service is prompt.
2	I've been to Niko Nikos for a few years now and the food is consistently awesome with good presentation. By far this is the better sushi in the KW area.However, the reason I am giving a lower rating is because their hours of operation doesn't match with reality. Been there a few times where the place was closed an hour early. My friend and I, and another couple we ran into, made a wasted trip one night. The couple said they called ahead too! The owners and their daughter aren't pleasant to you unless you are a regular.
5	We just stumbled upon this place but I'm very glad we did. The food was delicious, the portions were a good size, and the price was very reasonable. I will definitely be going back.
4	Not bad!! On a 4 day business trip to Waterloo/Kitchener I ate here twice. It's definitely decent sushi and since I'm from the Bay Area in California, I feel this statement has twice as much weight as someone who is from a landlocked part of the country.Niko Niko has a lot of selection, from sashimi and tempura to some pretty crazy rolls. Each day of the week a roll will be on sale so check the board behind the sushi counter to see what's discounted. Dishes will typically come with a salad (loved the dressing) and miso soup. The rolls are pretty hefty - I was full eating two of them and one plus an appetizer might be better. It's around 9-12 for each.Came here on a weekday and there was no line and service was quite prompt so it wasn't very crowded. I'd recommend stopping by if you're in the area and looking for a solid meal.
5	The sushi here is delicious. The quality of ingredients is very good, with some creative mixes of rolls. Definitely a good break from the "all you can eat" sushi restaurants which seem to dominate the market. Comparable to any of the good places in Toronto.Would recommend to anyone, and will definitely be back.
2	I just gave this place a second chance, I got sick the last time I ate here.I'm very disappointed with how they handle errors.I ordered to go and felt rushed while I was checking that there were no fish eggs. When I got home it was the wrong roll.When I called the store the owner refused to make me the right thing or refund me. This is the first time I have had a problem here, but I won't be returning due to the very negative experience. I paid $14 for vegetables in a roll.Edit: I was thinking about the time I got sick and found thishttp://checkit.regionofwaterloo.ca/portal/Inspection/Details/9fc23a9e-c4ae-4cef-a2d3-a157cd9d660a
