5	I just LOVE Eduardo's!! It is a very popular bring your own wine restaurant in Montreal. It has been around for about 20 years. Come early or later as you will have to wait in line. The menu is Italian. I love that you can chose your pasta sauce: Rose, Alfredo, or classic tomato. The bread is also delicious.Located up on the Plateau, on the corner of St. Denis. Bring your wine.
2	(Ben writing in Keewi's account)  It wasn't awful, but it wasn't much good.  The server was friendly, but very distracted chatting with her friends, so it was hard to catch her eye.  The bread was a bit burned, enough to be black in spots and taste like carbon.  The linguini alla vongole came in an alfredo sauce, of all things, not the white wine sauce it's supposed to have.  The clams were canned, and gritty with sand.  The pasta was overcooked, not al dente.  The soup was oversalted.  The fried calamari's breading was soft and chewy and oily, not crisp.  The mussels appetizer was the best part of the meal, and it was just OK, not divine.  The prices are low, so if that's all that matters to you, then there you are.  And there may be better things on the menu that we didn't try.  But we will not be going back to find out.
4	I've been to Edwardo's twice now, and its definitely a good meal for a good price. I'd say the worst thing on the menu is the fettuccine alfredo (kind of try and pasty), but everything else is really, really good. The second time I had the Surf and Turf: a filet mignon, shrimp and pasta for $24.00. That meal anywhere else would have been over $30.Great place to go with friends and a bottle of wine, in my opinion WAY better then going to the factory that is l'Academie across the street.
5	One of the most reasonably priced Italian restaurants I've been to in Montreal. Eduardo's serves unapologetic, hearty, and hefty Italian cuisine at extremely reasonable prices. I LOVE this place, not so much for the food, but for the great times I've had with my friends coming here over the past few years. The fact that you can bring your own wine, which they will cork for free for your table, makes this place a drunken, feel great, good eats kind of place with very friendly service - and there's this invitingly cozy charm here that can't be explained unless you've eaten here..seriously!My friends and I recently ate here and had one hell of great meal: cold antipasti salad to start (awesome-see pics) $8.95C, Lasagna $9.95C (huge portion and delicious), and Veal Picatta served with a side of Fettuccini Alfredo $12.95C (very good quality and value). We were pleasantly stuffed while we sat and watched the blizzard outside as we leisurely downed 2 bottles of wine...good times! Although, I didn't have it this visit, Eduardo's makes one of the best minestrone soups that I highly recommend - and at $4.95C you get huge bowl of it!Look, you're not going to find any award wining dishes here, but Eduardo's is not about that. Eduardo's, for me, is about the unreplicated experience it provides, that you must check out for yourself. For that, Eduardo's gets 5 stars!
5	Alright, so I should preface this review by saying that, because Eduardo's is a BYOB, we did a lot of Bing the OB and then I did more than my fair share of making sure all the wine bottles were empty at the end of the meal.That said, this place was awesome.  BYOB is like a godsend, and the pasta was cheapish and delicious, and they were able to seat 16 people (16!!!) within a few minutes.  We got there early and a friend had called ahead in an effort to make sure that we wouldn't be milling around, waiting for a table, and it worked out really well.  Everything we ordered apart from the bruschetta was delicious.  The bruschetta was a little bit like salsa, but still ok.  Of course, there's a slight chance that the reason I think everything else was fabulous is that the bruschetta was the appetizer and I was still relatively sober for that, but I don't think so.Long story short, I highly recommend Eduardo's.
2	meh is the perfect way to express how I feel about this restaurant. I've been here a whole bunch of times because I had a friend who LOVED it here. Everytime I've gone, I've never been very impressed with their food. Very average Italian food. not very original, nor particularly delicious. Not somewhere I would suggest, especially since there are far superior places in the same neighborhood.
4	We used to go here all the time as a gang of ravenous undergraduates because BYO and a huge inexpensive mound of pasta within walking distance of your tiny crowded apartment just makes sense at that age. I hadn't been back in a while but Matt and Cindy's recent UYE (unofficial yelp event) brought me back and made me realize that inexpensive mounds of good food at a BYO never stops being a good idea, and is especially wise on Mondays. I ordered the Surf and Turf because at $24 this has to be one of the cheapest quality deals for steak, shrimp and pasta in town. The pasta was fresh and the sauce pure cream and butter goodness. The shrimp were really good, not fishy at all, and the steak was kind of amazing, super tender, juicy and perfectly medium rare in a light wine gravy.All in all a very satisfying yummy meal made better by the vines and stained glass and the exceptionally adorable company.
4	Hadn't been here in a lonnnng time but walking in felt like a time warp: a good time warp for a change! Came here last night for a heap of cheap & tasty cheese tortellini that I chased down with my own bottle of NZ pinot noir: god bless BYO joints in our fair city. The awesomeness that is Eduardo's was only made better by my Yelp besties for a Monday night UYE dinner, new tradition? I definitely think so :)This place isn't anything fancy but it's cheap, cheerful and does the trick. Plus it appears that unless you are a ravenous Australian, you will definitely have enough for leftovers to take home for lunch the next day: nom nom.
4	My first time here was for the inaugural Montreal BYOW Monday (MBYOWM going forward), and it was a great choice, and a great way to start what has now become A Big Deal in Montreal Yelp-land.This place is a big player in the "cheap and cheerful" category. The mains are all reasonably priced, and come out in large servings. It's not all quantity either - this place has been around for a long time, and they know what they're doing. Don't be worried if you can't finish your meal, ask to take it home with you - it tastes even better then next day.The place is nice, but not too fancy. The plastic vines on the ceiling just scream "I'MMA ITALIAN RESTAURANTE!!!". I probably wouldn't bring someone here to impress them, but for a good solid meal (reasonably priced) with good friends, or fixing an Italian craving, there's nothing better.As mentioned this place is BYOW, so grab a bottle to make your meal even more cheap and more cheerful (there's a few deps around, but I didn't see a SAQ, so get a wine before you get there).
4	We stumbled upon Eduardo's late on a Sunday night when everything else on St. Denis was closed. They were closed, too, but Elisabeth the server took pity on us and seated us. This was a harbinger of our good fortune, as the food is superb. The vibe is cosy and sweet throughout. BYOW and there is a SAQ across the street on St. Denis. We will be back.
1	Ah, my first 1 star review. I cannot speak to the food at Eduardo's because I was turned away at the door.During our vacation to Montreal, my girlfriend and I bought a nice bottle of wine and headed over to this BYOB Italian spot. We took a cab accross town which was pricey, but which we did not mind because we thought this place would be worth it.The restaurant was scheduled to close at 11pm and I believe we arrived at 10pm on the dot. As we entered, a woman approached us and told us that they had decided to close for the night (even though there were visibly customers inside). I explained that we were on vacation and that we'd come all the way across town and she just said "sorry" in a way that meant she wasn't sorry at all.I wanted to salvage the night so I asked if she could recommend a BYOB place nearby, as we had brought our wine and already come to this neighborhood. She thought for a second and then said "it's tough" and showed us the door.I gave them a chance to feed us. I gave them a chance to be helpful or at least polite. They weren't interested. 1 star.
1	Terrible don't go this place ! We were seated than waited 30 minute while being completely ignored by the wait staff. Let me add that it was not a busy night. Don't wastes your hard earned money at this excuse for an eatery!@
3	Good food and good times. I'd give it 4 stars, but I just can't, due to my Italian heritage and knowing exactly what good Italian food should taste like.  But its good for restaurant Italian, cheap and plentiful, and bring your own wine to boot. The decor itself does remind me of my (Italian) grandparents: their basement was similarly decorated, complete with stucco and brick arches. It was pretty awesome, and Eduardo's is too. I wouldn't suggest bringing a first date here, unless you have a thing for cramped bring your own wine restos, but this is the perfect place to go for a girls night out.  I've been here several times with a good friend of mine, when we feel like eating well, sharing a bottle of wine, and chatting the night away.
4	The pasta at this place is right for its price. I forget the exact name of the dish I ordered, but it was a spicy red sauce penne pasta on their regular menu. It definitely had a kick and it could use more vegetables, but I was more concerned with carbo-loading at the time.For a bring your own wine restaurant and food available at their more-than-reasonable prices, I'd come back.
1	Not the Eduardo's on Laurier street...My better half and I used to go to the Eduardo's on Laurier. We were regulars there. Good food, good prices, very good service. And then, a couple of years ago, it closed...very sad.Now, we thought "hey, after all these years, let's go try the one on Duluth..." The food is pretty much the same. Same recipes. Not high end Italian food, but good food. Good prices.Now, as for the place...I felt like I was in a "overcrowded noisy old cafeteria".  The place is tight. Really tight. I got bumped a few times by the servers walking thru the isle. Uncomfortable chairs. Tiny tables.As for the service, it was below average. It felt like they were doing us a favor. As if we were bothering them a little.Now, for me, when I go to a restaurant, it's not only about the food. It's a complete experience. The place, the ambiance, customer service etc.. By all means, I don't need anybody to kiss my ***, and I don't need to feel like I'm eating in San Gimignano,  but the minimum is to feel like someone who is being taken care off. Because if I only rely on the food, as good as it was, I can do Italian better in my own home...trust me. So, why would I go back?
3	Food quality is average, I was expecting more from spaghetti bolognese I ordered. Staff is nice.
3	Located on St Dennis & Duluth, Eduardo's is famous for their pasta's without being too heavy on your wallet. Also its BYOW. Service is ok. They make you wait till all the people in your group arrive. It seems to be very popular as there's a lineup. I had their Calamari. Its pretty good for the price. Their pasta sauces are good too. Let me be honest, The food here is not really great (though not bad either) but you get what you pay for.All in all it's just another brick in the wallFood -  Good Service - Friendly  Ambiance - CasualWorth the money - Yes
2	The price was very reasonable for pasta and BYOB with no corkage is always great. However, I'm afraid they are cutting too many corners with the food. There is too much reliance on dried rather than fresh herbs. Obviously most restaurant ingredients are pre-prepared to a degree but the cannelloni seemed to be straight out of a packet. Pepper should always be ground (rather than shaken) in any self-respecting restaurant. And the parmesan is white dust rather than grated cheese. It would be better to have grated Canadian cheese rather than something masquerading as Italian cheese. Still, after a couple of glasses of wine it was cheap'n'cheerful!
4	Went here on the recommendation of the owner of the B&B - very good recommendation.  The food here is very good - outstanding if you consider how reasonably priced it is.  We went on a Tuesday evening when it wasn't too crowded.  Like many restaurants in Montreal - the restaurant was opened-up to the street which is great on a warm summer evening.  Also, it was great to be somewhere where not everyone was speaking English and not everyone was a tourist.  Finally, it is BYOB (W) with no corkage charge and the SAQ is just across the street. The bruschetta was very tasty - my camberelli creole had a nice kick to it.  The service was very good.  The waitress answered all of our questions and w
3	Been wanting to come here for ages, since trying Lombardi's across the street a while back and enjoying it. Last night, got two bottles of red wine from the SAQ across the street, and came here with wifey.It was nice. A wide selection of pastas, big portions, and reasonable prices. We had a cannelloni, pink sauced vegetarian pasta, mixed starter, and a salad. Everything was nice (although cannelloni didn't seem 100% fresh/heated properly). It costs $44 in total before tip. We had a nice 1.5hrs. But all in all I wasn't completely sold as a great experience. Just little things, here and there, hence the 3 stars, not 4.The following are some critiques based on the assumption that this place is a lovely BYOW Italian place in a great part of town:Our server started off really nice, but became much less so by the time the bill arrived/as the place got more packed, which created a natural feeling of decline. Also, the place is quite crammed, packed back to back, with the tables themselves (2 seaters) being very very small. Anytime I'd back up my chair I'd hit the person behind me, and there was no space on the tables for anything like elbows or additional salad plate or wtv (we put most things on the floor/table next to us like wine/pepper etc). Also, when we asked for olive oil, we were told there was none. And lastly, when we ordered a mixed starter and a salad, 3/4 of the mixed starter WAS a salad, it would've been nice to have been informed of that when ordered, particularly when there's no mention of salads in the starter section, leading one to believe the mixed starter is a mixture of starters only.These little things here and there just took away from the evening, particularly because they seem like easily fixable/obvious things. Also, people argue that this place is cheap, but for a BYOW place, it is average to above average. If it was in fact cheap, like the awesome $30 (after tip for two) BYOW hungarian or many others down the road, these things would be totally ignored, but the extra $14 + tip left a feeling of "hmmm.."We went to Lombardi's across the street before, and they had the same arrangement, but tiny tweaks that made it more customer friendly.But all in all a lovely place, and I probably would return, just the experience overall left something to be desired.
5	Another trip to Montreal, another visit to Eduardo's, another 5 stars. The atmosphere in this restaurant is unbeatable.Again, just love how they tailor their portion sizes based on how naturally filling the individual dishes are. Not enough restaurants do this.
4	One of my favourite BYOB's in MTL. Service is pleasant and while it can get somewhat cramped, that adds to the Italian homeliness of the place. The Bruschetta here is excellent (some diced black olives add a nice salty twist) and comes on a bed of salad which makes for a fresh starter. I've had the Carbonara, Tortellini Rose, and Penne Arrabiata. Each is delicious, and like the olives in the Bruschetta, each has a little twist that works really well. For example, the Arrabiata sauce is made with banana pepper to give it a nice, sweet heat. Highly recommended, and with an SAQ right around the corner you can grab a couple bottles of wine on your way. I've always been too full to have dessert though, so I can't speak to that.
