5	I love this place!  I found them through a friend and initially signed up for the free trial week, but now I'm hooked!  It's such a fun way to workout and actually see results!  Jabz is a women's only boxing gym...you workout for a total of 45 minutes doing multiple rounds of a 12 round boxing circuit.  The trainers know what they are doing, too, and really push you!  It's an awesome workout and reasonably priced.  Everyday is different, so you don't get bored.
5	Several months ago some friends invited me on a hike.  It wasn't an incredibly hard hike, but it exposed that I was horribly out of shape.  I had to stop every 100 yards to catch my breath.  It was embarrassing.  I vowed that 2012 would be the year I would get in shape.  And something great happened- a friend invited me to try Jabz Boxing.  I was really nervous my first day.  But trainer Len was very patient with me.  He had the perfect balance of knowing when to push me and when to let me take a break and catch my breath.  It is now 9 months later and I have continued going to Jabz and I'm in the best shape of my life.  I feel good about myself and I now I find that I'm the one dragging around my out of shape friends!  YES! There are two main trainers who are both awesome.  They make everyone feel comfortable, whether you are 60 years old and need to lose 100 pounds or if you are a 22 year old gym rat and just want to try one class.  There is never a huge sales pitch.  Even though the gym is in Scottsdale, the girls are not overly Scottsdale-ish (which I appreciate).  Tips:  wear workout clothes and real tennis shoes (not converse).  Bring a bottle of water.  They have gloves there for you to use so don't worry about buying boxing gloves.  You will need to take a shower afterward and there are not showers at the gym, so plan accordingly.  Make sure you sign up online and reserve a spot in a class (which you can do on your smart phone).  You do not punch other people, just bags.  Do not be afraid to come by yourself, that is normal.
5	Jabz is awesome! I have been coming since May and I am seriously addicted. I was little apprehensive at first since I belonged to another gym but after my free week, I was hooked. There is always something new and challenging. Len is an awesome trainer and wants the best for his clients. I leave there everyday feeling better then ever and proud of what I have accomplished. They play loud and up beat music that gets you pumped for you work out.  And not to mention, the women who work out are awesome too. I leave work everyday looking forward to an awesome work out  and  funny conversations with some of the coolest ladies. I like the fact that it is a women's gym. No one is judging you no matter how ridiculous you might look or how sweaty you get in the end! I can't say enough good things about this place! You just need to experience it for yourself and you'll be surprised to find out what your body is capable off :)
5	Jabz is AMAZING!  I started going to Jabz in July and was hooked instantly.  Several of my friends started going to Jabz when it opened and they loved it.  After having a baby, I was not in great shape and wasn't sure if I could do it.   After a few months of being envious about how great my friends look and constantly saying, "I really should try the FREE WEEK", I signed up.  I felt very comfortable as soon as I walked in even though I was nervous going to my first class.  The trainers, Len and Kim, are awesome and very motivating.  They push you when you need it and encourage you during those last moments when you feel like you can't possibly do it for another second longer.  Jabz has a comfortable, no pressure atmosphere and I love all of the women that workout there.  I have never exercised regularly or enjoyed going to the gym however, Jabz has changed that for me.  The workouts are quick, effective and have a lot of variety.  Every day is different which is great if you get bored easily.   It's great to see the pounds and inches come off however, an unexpected bonus is how great I feel both physically and mentally.  I look forward to getting up each morning to workout.  I have NEVER felt this way about exercising.  I LOVE going to Jabz and I know you will too!
5	LOVE this place! Women-only, circuit-training, kick-butt workout.  The trainers give us something new and challenging every day.  My favorite part is the bag work and punching... it's why I initially was drawn in!  But the cardio, abs, weights AND punching are why I keep coming back.  Highly supportive and fun environment.  You need to sign-up for a class to hold a spot because there are only 12 available for each session... this helps hold you accountable to yourself too!  Don't be intimidated by "boxing." I was not super in shape when I started and Len works with each person to modify a station if need be.  I'm definitely stronger and leaner after 6 months and having a BLAST.
5	Bought a 15 visit package w/Groupon and am SO glad I took the plunge! I, of course, consulted my trusty Yelpers' advice before purchasing and JABZ delivered!The studio is a good size (I didn't feel cramped) and LOVE the fact we use real "boxing equipment" and have a ring/dummy. I want my upper arms to look like Michelle Obama's by the time I'm done w/my 15 visits. NOTE: I"m doing these sessions AND going to my regular gym (Mountainside Fitness) too.Len (owner) seems very informed and is motivating! Only drawback would be lack of signage - took me 10 minutes of circling to find it. :)
5	Jabz is an amazing workout that challenges you and works out all parts of your body. No 2 classes are the same, so you won't get bored doing the same routines every time. It is all women at all different fitness levels. Wen you sign up you get a free week of unlimited classes. You'll need to bring your own gloves (boxing training gloves are sold at sport chalet- get the kind that do not cover your fingers). It's a judgment free, fun class. I attend 1 class almost every week and have seen differences in my toning and strength. You have nothing to lose!
5	Bought a Groupon 15 visit package and I'm so so so SO glad I did.  I have been dying to take real boxing classes at a gym and man oh man is this place great.  The studio is a really nice size and it's clean and by far the best smelling gym I have ever been in.  Len (the owner/trainer)  is great and so are the workouts.  It's hardcore and real boxing equipment and just a great workout and the best 45 minutes ever spent in a gym. Do it! Seriously, just do it.
5	Today was my 5th Jabz class and I am really starting to get hooked! I had taken a break from more intense classes recently and focused more on pilates/yoga. My sister suggested we check this place out together and I am so happy we did.Jabz offers a unique full body workout that is challenging for sure, but at the same time mindless and fun. The different exercises are explained thoroughly before each class and then you go through a circuit like routine that allows you to work many different areas of your body efficiently.As other yelpers have said, the classes are very non-judgmental and the teachers are very motivating and enthusiastic. You will walk out of each class feeling great, proud of yourself and looking forward to the next class!
5	I've been going to Jabz for almost a year now. I actually live about 25 minutes away, but I make the drive because it's worth it! There are so many reasons why this place the the BEST in terms of getting a great workout and having fun at the same time. The instructors are friendly and very helpful. If you mess up or aren't sure how to perform a circuit, they're always there to help without judgement. The classes are always different so every workout is new and challenging! I'm always sore a couple days later so I know it works! The fact that the classes are all women makes it even more desirable- you almost feel like you're part of a family when you come back and see familiar faces. I highly recommend Jabz for anyone (any shape or size) looking to get in better shape, have some fun, change up their workout routine or just meet new people!
5	Jabz makes me happy ! Seriously. I have never worked so hard in any fitness class/group as I have with Jabz. Afterwards, I feel incredible. I feel like I was pushed, encouraged and challenged. The trainers are friendly, knowledgeable and always helpful. It is a positive environment, the facility is neat and clean. I love that the workout is always different. Muscles are targeted with ever changing exercises. I probably sound like a promo-ad but I am just a satisfied customer. Oh, the class size is great; max (16). Signing up for a particular class time is easy-peasy. Everything can be done online. You can even wait-list yourself for a class that may presently be "full". If an opening becomes available you are emailed that you have been added to the class. I cannot say more; Jabz is my antidepressant !
5	First off, I have been using Yelp on a regular basis for the past 6 years to learn about prospective restaurants, music venues, hair salons, etc.  In all of those years, I've never had such a mind-blowing experience that I felt the need to actually create a profile and write a review.....until now.  Jabz Boxing is the establishment that pushed me over the brink.   It's too cool of a place to not share with others!Background:  I've been an avid runner and sports participant since I was a kid, but never really got into lifting weights or working with all of those medicine/kettle/exercise balls.  Now, I'd be lying if I said I didn't envy all of those "Try these 7 tricks for a strong core" articles that are staples to pretty much every Women's Health or Cosmo magazine.  However, I had no interest in (or room for) buying all of that random equipment.... or holding myself to doing timed intervals of each exercise, for that matter. Enter Jabz....A fun, challenging and effective workout....already set up in a clean, modern gym.  With great music!  Talk about a dream come true. The 3 trainers (Len, Kim and Katie) are the most down-to-earth, fun and motivating people you will ever meet.  They create an environment that you want to experience every day.  It's not a chore to go to this gym.... it's something you actually look forward to.   You know, like a non-alcoholic Happy Hour that makes you sweat.  ;)   The workout is different every day, but is always a fluid sequence of exercises designed to effectively work specific areas of the body. In conclusion, I would HIGHLY recommend this gym to any woman... of any age....and any fitness level.  Not only will you develop bad-ass muscles, but confidence and friendships as well.
5	I am hooked! After not having worked out for over 10 years, I decided it was time to get healthy and strong.  I have been coming for about 2 months now and I love this gym! The trainers are very helpful and encouraging and the workout is exciting and addicting.  Every day is different and it is always challenging.  You can set your own pace and will definitely see results.  I never thought I would like working out this much.  I love this gym.
5	I  purchased the groupon for this gym for the ultd workouts for the month for $40. I have never actually enjoyed or looked forward to working out so this was a shot in the dark. I am so happy I did!As other reviews mention every workout is completely different and very fast paced. I never go in feeling intimidated or unsure because everyone is very open and willing to help one another out. It doesn't smell like most gyms well, its not at all like any gym I've been to. This will be my third week coming up and I go 5 days a week.  I'm looking forward to keeping it up and really seeing the results.  I sweat WAY too much not to. ;) You WILL be sore because they push you to your limits. But you will walk out feeling so happy you challenged yourself and kicked some butt!This is now something I look forward to throughout the week rather than dreading. I suggest all ladies check it out, even if for the free week. (:
4	Bought a groupon 4 the monthly unlimited. It kicked my butt! But if you're looking for a strictly boxing gym, this ain't the place.  They do circuits, but I haven't taken the boxing class yet, so we"ll see.
4	Great place for an all over body workout.  Loved the place and the trainers were very down to earth (even for Scottsdale). I am a hiker (squaw peak), run with my dogs and occasionally lift weights at the gym with BF.  I am not a fan of sports that don't force me to sweet and grunt just a little.  I secretly like to be sore all the time (it's a nice reminder that I'm keeping up with my workouts).  I bought the groupon for 15 sessions and I'm glad I did.  I'll be starting my auto pay monthly package now.  One thing to point out though....The title of the gym is misleading.  It's more of a circuit training class that is surrounded by a boxing ring with bags that are incorporated into the circuits. There are about 12-16 circuits that you complete twice.  There is only one bag that you use your round house kick on so that's only twice for a total of two minutes for the entire class. There are two bags to punch on and again you only hit those stations for a total of 2 minutes each.  My point is merely to make sure you're aware this is not a 100% boxing / kickboxing class. Buts it's incredibly fun and you will end up grunting often :-) It's challenging and you will be sore for days after you first start..at least a week and a half.  Get over it and keep going.  Price is very reasonable too!
5	Great place for women to get in shape.   Lauren was our instructor and she beat our asses.   Love all the random cardio workouts.  Squats, uppercuts, jabz, kicks, and more squats.
5	I could write an essay about how great this place is.  As someone who has never really loved working out or ever been able to stick with anything, I finally found what I was looking for. First off, the owners Kim and Len are amazing. Not only are they great trainers, but they genuinely care about each of the girls that come in and they make it fun.  They always know when I am on off my game and push me when I need it.  They make me feel accountable which is something I really need.  They make a point to make sure everyone knows what they are doing and has the right form during workouts. They make you feel comfortable working out there.. whatever your level may be coming in.  I always know that when I go to jabz, I am going to leave happy and feeling accomplished (and sweaty :)).  Another draw to this place is that the woman that go here are all really nice and friendly.Bottom line: I highly recommend this place to woman of all fitness levels.
5	Jabz is the best thing that has ever happened to me. U work every part of ur body, the staff is great n u dont get bored cause u don't do the same thing every day. I love it. Been going for a year and a half n will go for more years to come
5	Love, love, love this place! Great workouts that are different everyday.  I have never sweated as much as I do here. I've been going since last August and I get so many compliments on how fit I look. Also all the trainers/staff are great! They are very encouraging. They push you and really help you get to your goal!
5	Love, love, love this place! I've been going to Jabz about a year and I have NEVER been in better shape! Having always been that girl who spends endless hours at the gym (with minimum results).. a few of us gym ladies bought a group-on (15 sessions) to try it out.. I was hooked! I now spend less time at the gym (45min workouts) and have had amazing results... 25lbs down with more lean muscle than I thought possible! Whenever someone I haven't seen in a while makes a comment on how great I look..  I always tell them to give Jabz a try... they wont regret it! Whether you are already in amazing shape or its your first time working out in years.... Len, Kim, Katie and Lauren will take great care of you and ensure you have the best possible workout! ... What do you have to lose??? ... except the weight and inches!!!!
5	LOVE this place. It is truly addictive, and you want to go and push your self everyday. I started with a groupon and loved it. I have been going for now for 8 months and have seen such a transformation in my body. The trainers are great and really know when you need that extra support and push to get you to the next level. I am so happy I found a workout I enjoy and can never get tried of as it is always changing and challenging. I suggest it to friends and strangers. :)
5	Great work out spot. You will deff work out every part of your body. Trainers are very helpful and they will motivate you every step thru. They offer a free week. And ill reassure you will end up becoming a member. Make sure you schedule your class on time because it gets booked fast. I will recommend this to anybody who wants to be healthy and get fit.
5	Where do I even start with this place?! I've been going for about a year now and I'm in love! I've done just about every type of work-out out there and this is definitely one of the best experiences I've had. It truly is a place that any woman, at any fitness level can go to get a great sweat in. You could be in the best shape of your life, and this place will still challenge you. Owners, Len and Kim, are always mixing it up so it's NEVER the same thing. I get so much more out of going to Jabz than wandering around a gym trying to make up a work out on my own. All I have to do is show up, and they have a whole work out already set up for us. They go through a quick demonstration of all the exercises before each class and we split off into our individual stations then rotate through all the stations. Everyday is focusing on a different muscle group, you go through about 16 stations two times - each station lasts about 45-60 seconds and you're getting in both cardio and strength training.I started out on a groupon and have been going ever since. If you're even considering checking this place out, just go for it! Even if you don't want to buy the groupon, you can still try it out for a week for free!
5	I love this place and the focus on hard work, good form and never saying 'I can't'. I've tried lots if classes and workout regimens but Jabz has kept my interest for well over a year. I started out at 2-3 times/week and as long as I'm not traveling, I get there 5 days a week. And best of all, my yoga practice is better because if my increased strength. Thanks Len, Kimberly and the rest of the Jabz staff!
5	I love my JABZ! You know you have found a great gym when you wake up every morning excited to work out!  I have been trying to find a gym that MOTIVATES me since I moved to Scottsdale 2 years ago. After multiple attempts at LA Fitness, random boot camps, or The Village, I finally came upon Jabz. I will admit I was nervous and intimidated at first.... I was extremely out of shape, 35 lbs heavier than I had ever been, and had never tried a boxing gym before. Making myself give Jabz a try was one of the best and most life changing decisions I've ever made!My first week at Jabz I felt overwhelmed with how welcoming and friendly the trainers and other Jabz members were. The work outs were exactly what I needed to help get me in shape FAST for my upcoming wedding. The trainers pushed me to stay motivated while still respecting and knowing my limits. Any woman that wants a fantastic workout needs to come here! I guarantee if you try Jabz you will be hooked!
4	Once again, I found Jabz through a living social deal. Jabz is an intense workout that makes you work up a sweat once you get the routine down. I like that you only have to listen over the speakers for the beep to change to the next station so everything moves smoothly. The first session there is a little intimidating because I have never boxed before, but the instructors help you out and get you going. Before you know it, you're one of the regulars. It's a great combination of cardio and muscle toning exercises that leave you feeling exhausted but great. I wish I could have continued working out there but it is out of my price range for a gym membership so once my living social deal ended I had to hang up my gloves.
5	A friend of mine told me about jabz and insisted that I come try it out.  This place is absolutely amazing. The workouts combine circuit training and boxing and a little bit of everything. I have never been a morning person but I am getting up crazy early to go to the 5 am workout!  This is how much I love this place.   Every workout pushes you harder than you would ever push yourself.   I am seeing my body change and I am loving it.
