5	Rarely do I go anywhere that has not been yelped before me!  But, since this place was so close to home we decided to take a risk.  I am certainly glad we did.  Atmosphere - quiet and peaceful, clean, nice and simple decor.Service - hard to judge since we went later in the evening and were the only customers but server was very polite, sweet and accommodating.Food - excellent! We had potstickers for an appetizer, yellow curry with chicken, and spicy noodles with shrimp.  Portions were very good, flavors were traditional and well balanced.  We were also given an appetizer to try for free, I love free food!We ordered medium spicy yet could have gone a tad bit higher, so if you like spicy and have been to other thai restaurants that set your palate on fire with a 5 or 6 rating, then order a little spicier than medium.I was a little sad that there were not that busy, we really would like a good Thai restaurant to stay open closer to home. So if you live in the area (or don't mind traveling for a good meal), this is a selfish plea for you to check out Krachai Thai.
5	Wow, this thai restaraunt is fantastic. I absolutely love the food. The appitizers are delicious.  Exspecially the shrimp blankets. I had the beef noodle soup and it was delicious. I also had the fried rice and sweet and sour chicken, which was also very good. I would highly reccomend this place.
5	This place is so wonderful I could cry. I have not found a great place for Thai on the west side that's close to home and this place is fantastic! Tell your friends and your family because this place is a gem!
4	Great food! Best Thai food I have found on the west side. My wife and I picked up food for us and friends that just had a baby. We got a bunch of appetizers and main courses to try, all were great. Can't wait to go back.
4	This is a wonderful little gem we found in north phoenix. My husband and I ordered the Pad Thai and Pineapple Fried Rice. Both dishes were delicious! I especially enjoyed the fried rice because of plentiful amount of cashews it came with. Their menu seems to pretty big as well. We'll definitely be adding this to our list of go-to places.
5	Eat here! This place has friendly service and is delicious. Came with my husband, ordered sampler appetizer and two entrees.
4	Great little restaurant.  Friendly service, clean and some great Thai food.  I'm happy this place is close to my house.
5	I have to give the attention that Krachai Thai deserves.  First things first, I feel that of all places that I or my family dine at will be sucessible to a fair review.  Im not overly critical, however...if there is room for improvement the ratings would obviously reflect that.  Eating Asian food is all that i've been accustomed to; especially that of South east Asian food such as Cambodian, Vietnamese and Thai food.  Every Friday, my wife and I alternate our picks for where to eat at the end of a long working weekday.  The rule of course....is that once its your pick, the other cannot moan and groan as they will have their revenge the following Friday.  If its a pick that you happen to like or love and the significant other picked it out....double whammy win.  Well....I like to explore different picks and not the same ol same ol....I came across Krachai Thai in hot new places on yelp.  I read the few reviews and they seemed very positive and I decided to investigate my potential pick for the week.  Looking at their professionally laid out menu on their webpage, the pictures looked inviting and I was salivating by the end.  Prices were great for Thai and very affordable.  But was the food going to be as great as described or on the pictures or compared to other Thai haunts that my family frequented?  Time for a visit.We didnt live that close as we are mostly South West valley, however, I felt the slight trek to Karchai was going to be worth it.  I was not dissapointed.From the moment we walked in...we were greeted with nice decour, friendly service and more than reasonable prices on the menu....we ordered what we normally order for Tom kai coconut broth and chicken soup with rice....absolutely delicious.  They did such a wonderfjl job with this.  Both my young daughters opted to share on a kids menu the orange chicken with rice that had some salad and an eggroll...they loved it.  we also ordered the mussaman curry with beef...wow! Bill was less than $30...wth?!?  service was absolutely perfect and they got a fat tip as a result.  Seriously...where did these guys come from....wonderful!
4	Mild pad Thai lunch special is great for $6 - just not that mild
5	Delicious! I ordered the red chicken curry lunch special (hot) and boy was it spicy! I rarely am even phased by a Thai restaurant's "hot" curry but this takes the cake! There was so much delicious chicken in the curry too! And loads of veggies! The lunch special is a great value since it comes with wontons, an egg roll AND soup! The food was waiting for me when I got in and the takeout hostess was super friendly. I can't wait to try their whole menu!
5	What an amazing Thai place! The staff was friendly both on the phone and in person. Service was quick! The cleanliness of the restaurant was supberb. My dad, husband, and I each had different curries and they were all perfectly savory. Portions are decently sized. We've tried several different Thai restaurants in the area. This is by far our favorite and the others can't even compete. We really hope Krachai is able to gain a good clientele.
4	This place is a sweet little find! We had great service, and it was a clean environment (something I always judge).We started with the fresh spring rolls and crab Rangoon, both were delicious. I always have to try Pad Thai on my initial visit to a new Thai restaurant, and this offering did not disappoint. I ordered it medium spicy (mild, medium and hot being the choices) and found the heat level to be just perfect for my tastes! Wish they would not garnish with cilantro though. My husband had a stir fry dish with a name that now escapes me, and he thoroughly enjoyed it as well.My only problem with this place had nothing at all to do with the staff or food. We were unfortunately seated near an obnoxious and very large couple who clearly and loudly argued their way out of a ONE DOLLAR price discrepancy they believed to have found on the menu. Seriously, the guy was a complete jerk. I hate when people like that show up and try to ruin my perfectly good dinner out. Remember folks, always be nice to the people who feed you!In any case, we will definitely be back to Krachai again.
5	This is an amazing place.  A friend and I were craving Thai food before we headed to the movies.  I logged on to Yelp and was impressed by the reviews.I had the green curry and he had the pad thai.  Both were phenomenal!  It wasn't very busy but I wonder if part of it is location and new-ness.  I hope this place really starts picking up LOTS of business as they certainly deserve itThe food was perfect on spiciness if you like spicy.  Very authentic.  Portions are quite large amazing find!
5	I have been curious to try this place because it is close to home. My husband and I ordered food to go. It was excellent. We will definitely go back. I had the barbecued duck with Chinese broccoli and my husband had something similar to pad thai. He was so happy with it and can't wait to go back.
5	My husband and I have had a hard time finding a Thai place that we LOVE on the West side. We stumbled upon Krachai Thai and are so glad that we did. The staff is very friendly, it is clean and comfortable feeling inside, nicely decorated. The food is fabulous! We have had the green curry, yellow curry, pineapple fried rice, pad thai, and the fresh spring rolls. Everything has been delicious and rivals some of our very favorite Thai places that we have ever been to. It is extremely well priced and they offer large portions that can easily feed 3 people per order. We will certainly be regulars at this place. Excellent..well worth the five stars!!
3	The food is really good! It's definitely better than a lot of the Thai restaurants I've been to lately. What they lost the 2 stars on is customer service and being cheap. By cheap, I don't mean prices. They gave us each a tiny bowl of rice...and charged us for more. I've never had any other places charge for more rice. Now onto service; we were the only ones in there and after we ran out of rice, we waited about a solid 20 minutes for anyone to ask if everything was ok and if  we needed anything else. Other than that, the food is delish!
2	Ordered the pad see ew, and it was unbelievably bland! No flavor or spice, and almost no sauce. They used regular broccoli instead of Chinese broccoli and giant carrot chips. Very small portion for the price as well. I can't believe something so flavorless can be called Thai.
3	It was my first time here, I had 2 diners with me for lunch so our time was short.  The place is clean and the waitress was friendly and helpful. I was starving so chicken satay was first up, the pieces were big but could have been more tender. They tasted great though and the traditional cucumber and peanut sauces were also excellent.  I had chicken yellow curry off the lunch menu.  The curry was served in a side bowl but was rich so more was not needed.  For $6.95 your lunch has soup, egg roll and wonton chips plus a big ball of rice and the side bowl of curry full to the brim. Chicken red curry was also ordered same specials same great quality.  The veggies in the red were crisp and delightful.As far as heat level goes , medium had some zing and hot made me sweat a little.  In other words exactly as it should be.  I will be going back for dinner some time so I can try some of the other curries of course !!
5	North Phoenix has long needed a really good Thai restaurant, and thank goodness this one came along to fill that niche. I love it when you have flavors which are bold but still allow you to identify the individual flavor notes, such as those of Thai basil and lemongrass, and this is exactly the complexity of the flavors of the dishes I've had here. The location is convenient (Greenway just east of 35th Av, near I-17), parking is never a problem, the restaurant is very clean and has a casual atmosphere, service is very friendly, and prices are about the same as you would find in most Thai restaurants.
3	I had been wanting to come here for a while, because I just haven't found "the" Thai restaurant to love up here in NoPho.  We finally went for dinner on a Wednesday night and here's what I have to say!First, because it's what you want to hear, the food was definitely 4 stars, and possibly 5 once we explore the menu on a return visit.  So please have no qualms with my 3-star rating, that's not for the food!  Husband enjoyed his beef noodle soup and I devoured my Pad Woon Sen.  I want this little place to succeed, since the food is excellent, but they are still working out kinks.  I think other Yelpers have said the same in other reviews.  The location is UGH, but at least the shop is up by the street and not as depressing as the dying strip mall behind it.  I'm just saying, not a place for a special date night in terms of the location.  This ain't Kierland.The inside decor is adorable, VERY clean, modern.   Kudos for that, it does make them stand out in my mind.   Pricing seemed a bit high to me?And finally, the service.  Very friendly, but it feels like the owners are making their family work there, as in the staff are not "professional waiters."  There was a dude sitting there when we came in, waiting for take-out.  We sat down, ordered, and were already halfway thru our meal before his order ever appeared.  Yikes.  The waitress told him to call in next time, but that seems weird because if we were able to get our food so timely, why couldn't he?  Also, and maybe this is just me, but she brought my noodle dish in the usual serving platter, but I had to ask her outright to actually bring me a dinner plate and a serving spoon for the noodles.  She acted like that was  a new concept to her...hence that sense that the family members are just helping out...Asian restaurants serve food family style, so everybody gets a plate and there should be spoons in the serving dishes.  Right?  I dunno, it just seemed clumsy.we will be back and I'm hoping that somebody there is reading all these reviews about the service.  I hope to give them 4 to 5 stars upon return!  [but I can't do anything about the creepy location.]
5	This is a hidden gem!  Their pineapple curry is one of the best I've had and when I've brought people in are afraid to try Thai - their orange chicken is fantastic but they always taste what I get and want to comeback.  Their service is always fast and friendly and the Decour is surprisingly nice.
5	Went in for lunch and had the Phad Prik Khing dish with chicken and it was excellent. I had never had Prik Khing curry before, but I will definitely be back for more! The portion size was good. The meal came with soup, vegetable  roll and fried wonton. The place was very clean. We were the first people in the place so service was good.
4	Ordered the Thai Tea, Pad thai, Fried rice, and papaya salad.  Everything is good. Most Thai restaurant fries rice are soggy. Doesn't look fried. This place has excellent service.
4	Visiting from out of town and found this place on Yelp.  It is very quaint, comfortable, clean and the service was excellent.  We had the the tom kha soup and red curry with chicken and both were awesome!!! The ultimate comfort food. Definitely worth stopping by.
4	We're always looking for a good Thai restaurant, especially in North Phoenix. I was torn between 3 stars and 4 so I went with the benefit of the doubt. We came in last Saturday for lunch and the place was dead, we were the only two in there the whole entire time. Since we were there during prime lunch hours, that doesn't speak positively for the future of the restaurant. I ordered grilled pot stickers with a side of vegetables and my boyfriend ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken. For what I paid, my food was good. James on the other hand, asked for his to be a level 3 on the spicy scale and it was only a 1. He's a HUGE fan of cucumbers in his Sweet and Sour Chicken, this only had 2 pieces and the rest of the dish wasn't fantastic. He said he would definitely order something else next time even though that's his go-to dish =\My biggest issue was the water. It tasted HORRIBLE! It had a funky smell as well. I decided to just go thirsty, James however, purchased a Pepsi. I do not understand why they have such great lunch specials during the week but they do not offer them on the weekends. I think we would definitely be willing to give it another chance (assuming their nasty water was a one time deal) but only if they had lunch specials on the weekends. They have no customers, what do they have to lose???
3	It was OK.  Not terrible.  Not great.  But that's just my opinion.  The group in the large table next to me were repeat customers and they loved it all.  The restaurant interior is very pleasant and tasteful and clean.  The servers were nice but I had to return my drink because it was diet not regular.  I also heard the older woman yelling at one of the girls for throwing something out...that bothered me...if the girl thought it was supposed to be thrown out, it probably should have been.  I had the shrimp Pad Tai and the shrimp was overcooked and the Pad Tai while OK didn't have vegetables as I was used to.  Again...it's all my preferences.  Try it for yourself because I always want local businesses to succeed.
4	Not bad for thai food in Phoenix.granted I only ate 2 items so far, the Papaya salad and Phad Thai.will try for more items there.
5	I am a huge Thai fan, and I tried their thom ka gai soup... Oh my god SOGOOD. I used to live in Bloomington and their was this Thai place that made the best soup and I have been searching everywhere for another place to chow at... I will be eating here again and come back for more SOUP
5	Fabulous food,  fabulous service!   Pretty restaurant and wonderful family-owned business.   We were staying at the nearby Embassy Suites and decided to give it a try.  Highly recommend green papaya salad,  mussamun chicken curry and spicy noodles.  My three teens loved it,  as did my husband and I.  Reasonably priced.
1	I was really excited to try this place because I love Thai food. I order the fresh shrimp spring rolls and I bit down on a piece of glass.  Ruined my appetite. I didnt even bother trying the pad thai I ordered. Wont be going back thats for sure
3	I only had soup, the Tom Kha Gha. The floor was good but felt it lacked a bit of the complexity I have had with other Thai places. I still very much enjoyed it and would return again to try other options on the menu. It was very clean and the staff was attentive and prompt.
4	found this place on yelp.went there on lunch time glad they did not close between3 to 5oclock like lots of thai restaurant does.service was good.small but place is clean,relax music.i ordered shrimp roll pad thai and desert coconut ice creamand sweet rice.it was good i could not eat it all so boxed up for dinner.shrimp roll was Little different from other thai restaurant it kind of small and fat they cut it in Middle.it just have very Little shrimp lots of vegs.but over all i am giving 4stars.i will come back agian if im in this side of town.
5	This is my favorite Thai food in town. In a world with Thai restaurants closing their doors all the time, this hidden gem shines bright. Everything is fantastic, down to the perfectly cooked broccoli. I highly suggest trying this west side spot. We need to do all we can to support this local business.
4	Friendly staff, good food.  My wife and I got their Pad-see-ew, Pa-Nang curry with beef, and finished with their Sweet rice with Thai Mango.  Everything was really good.  Excellent flavor combination.  The Pad-see-ew had the perfect amount of heat on them (spicy and temperature).  The needles had a nice thin char to them which was perfect - the dish was cooked perfectly.  The Pa-Nang curry was also very flavorful and my wife (generally does not like spicy food) thought that it was very good.Their sweet rice with Mango was perfect to end the course.  If you have never tried that dish.  I suggest that you try it at least once.  Granted - the mango has to be in season for it to be good (thus seasonal)  We will definitely be coming back.  This restaurant is probably our favorite Thai in the area.  We'll give the other restaurants a try before we come back just to be fair.  However, we have a feeling that we'll be back real soon.
5	I love this place. Spicy noodles are good, red curry, fried rice (basil and regular) S&S chicken, and lastly, pad Thai -- although a bit sweet the first time, it was very good the next. Lunch specials are a good value as well... As you can tell, I have been there enough times to be considered a fan. I hope you enjoy as much as I do!
4	Great service and good food.  Enjoyed my spicy fried rice.  That's my go to at any new restaurant like this one.  Very good.  Great spice and good flavor.  Coconut milk soup served as part of your lunch.  First time I have seen that.  I'm a big fan of that soup and usually have to choose either the soup or a meal.
5	Went for lunch and was so happy we stopped by. Great prices and delicious!!! Spicy That Rice, amazing. Pad Thai also delicious. So glad they're around the corner from my house. I will be going back!!
4	Our favorite little thai place close to home.  Clean restaurant, friendly staff, consistently great food!  Our go-to items are Spicy Noodle, Orange chicken, cashew chicken, spicy fried rice and potstickers.  We've tried several other items on the menu and they've all been good!
5	Just came for the first time & absolutely love it. My husband had Pepper Beef & I had Green Curry with chicken. Great experience all around. Please patronize them as they prepared food that certainly deserve buying. LOVED IT & We will be back.
5	Great thai! Haven't had a bad meal here yet. Best thai food in Phoenix.  Everything is so fresh and the flavors explode in your mouth. I would highly recommend this local restaurant.Pad thai,  phad kaprow, coconut curry are all top shelf. Plus great lunch specials
5	The first thing I noticed about this place was the simple but comfortable seating.  No stiff chairs or cramped spaces here.  The second thing I noticed was that my waitress was the tallest Thai woman I have ever seen - she must be considered a giant in Thailand.  The third thing I noticed was the FOOD IS GREAT.  Excellent freshness, herbs, and spices.  I got the pineapple-shrimp curry ($12)  and a Thai iced tea ($2.50).  I ate until it hurt.  I ordered mild, but I should have ordered cold because it was still a bit too spicy for my delicate taste buds.  The last thing I noticed was that the price is the same as other places that serve lower-quality food.  I wanted to try one of their awesome-sounding desserts, but I couldn't because my stomach was completely full.
4	Food: - Appetizer combination: 4 pieces of crab rangoons, 4 pieces of cheese wontons, 3 deep fried potstickers, 4 shrimp blanket, and 2 veggie eggrolls. Crab rangoons hardly had any crab (imitation crab), cheese wontons tasted almost exactly the same as the crab rangoons, fried potstickers filled with pork were yummy, shrimp blankets were good, and veggie eggrolls were okay. I'm not huge on veggie eggrolls (I prefer meaty eggrolls) but this one had clear noodles and good flavor. - Shrimp and Pineapple Curry: shrimp, pineapple, carrots, and red bell peppers. This has to be one of the best Thai curries I've ever had. This dish exploded with flavor! Yummy spicy, sweet, and coconut-ty red curry flavor! You have to order this! It's sooo good! - Pad Thai: noodles, shrimp, chicken, bean sprouts, green onions, carrots, and peanuts. Excellent flavor! Tastes authentic. Chicken and shrimp were both a little dry. They got my requests to put the bean sprouts and green onions on the side correctly (this is always a plus)! Service: The waitress was very friendly and polite. She was very attentive and refilled our waters. She stopped by twice to check up on us. We were the only ones there but it was still nice of her. lol. Final thoughts: Leftover pad thai was not as good as it was fresh, but the curry was just as good! I wish I had more of it left over. lol. Needless to say, I would definitely come back for more!
4	Thought the food was really good! Got a to go order and have not dined in. A little unfortunate that there is no alcohol served but will continue to go for dinner and take out!
5	We love Thai food and it's hard to find a place that is consistently great. We found that here. Their Green Curry is luscious and silky. We always ask for Vegetable  Green Curry with Chicken and we get tons of veggies--broccoli, eggplant, squash bamboo shoots--not just onions and peppers.   Also do the same with Tom Ka Gai which is outstanding  and a  perennial fav of mine. There grilled pot stickers are another knockout.  And  to me just as important as the food -this place is super CLEAN. It may not be the closest Thai restaurant to our house but we consider it our neighborhood restaurant. Can't beat it.
3	We ordered or dishes to go. We ordered shrimp egg rolls, spicy noodle with beef and spicy fried rice with beef. The service was prompt and courteous and prices comparable to what I see back in San Diego.  The flavor was on point. The reduction in stars is for the lack of meat in our dishes.
5	Best red curry I've had in a long time!! Seriously I am salivating just thinking of it. And if you ask for it extra spicy, oh boy will they make it hot! I love going in for their lunch special. For $7.50 you get soup, 2 wontons, an egg roll, and an entree with rice. Good prices, good service, and excellent red curry. Their orange chicken is also very good, but I can never bring myself to order anything besides the red curry because it is so freakin' good. My one complaint is they serve sweet and sour as the dipping sauce for the egg rolls when I prefer the sweet chili sauce many Thai places serve instead.
5	I LOVE Thai food, and have eaten at many Thai restaurants. This is by far one of the absolute best places I have ever been! The food is fresh, authentic, and fabulous! I would recommend this little place to anyone who loves Thai food!!! Hands down awesome!!!
5	This is by far and away my favorite Thai restaurant. I have been coming here with my friends for over a year.  It started as a place we went to every couple of weeks,  but now we frequent here once or twice a week. Everything I have tried is delicious. The family that runs the place always greets us with a smile and quick to get us our drinks. Do yourself a favor and visit here. You will be glad you did.
3	The pad thai was a disappointment.  But the pad see eww, I don't think that's the right spelling, was really good but medium spicy is only for the brave lol. It was so hot, but really good.  The spring rolls were not the greatest but the sweet sauce was amazing.
5	Yum!  All 4 of us ordered a different dish so we could try a variety... We were call very pleased!  The green curry was a definite score!
1	I am saddened by the demise of this restaurant.  We walked in and had to "yoo hoo" to get server/hostess attention. The restaurant was pitifully empty on a Saturday night at 7:30. We ordered our usual chicken satay appetizer which was not "as good as usual", meat was on the dry side and the peanut sauce was lumpy. As wew waited for our food, I saw a bug on the floor which i had to deal with under the weight of my flip flop. It was then that i noticed how utterly filthy the floor was.  My husband agreed, the place had undeniably succumbed to a fate several ethnic restaurants at this very location have suffered.  We pondered what else could be unwashed beside the floors and what else could possibly be creepy crawlin around the kitchen. I left with the heebie jeebies and we both agreed we would not venture back. So very sad :(
3	I went to this place with my best friend the other night and we got the combo appetizer plate ! it was alright but too many fried things for my liking! I ordered the seafood salad and there were more fried food on it that I was quickly tired of the meal. I think it would have been a lot tastier without that appetizer first! on top of that, the waitress didn't ask me whether or not I had wanted it spicy or not! I had forgotten and was sad because I had wanted that extra kick ! I will give this place another try and update on my next visit!
4	We had the chicken and shrimp pad thai and the spicy noodles. This is a small, looks like family owned restaurant. Will definitely be back to try new entrees. Had a hard time deciding what to order, the menu looked great! Prices are very reasonable. I think it was $9 for each entree. Portions are not huge, but pretty good! Order the pad thai medium heat or more for an extra kick.
5	Excellent Thai food. Service is super fast. I ordered the red curry from lunch specials menu and it was sooo good!! I would definitely recommend this place with a five star rating :)
5	I have dined here quite a few times. And I love this place, their food is great and consistent. I recommend this to all my friends.
5	4 Stars overall, 5 Stars for the areaGreat food at a good price. I've had stir fries (phad kaprow, phad prik sod), green curry, and pad thai. My husband likes the pineapple fried rice. All have been good and satisfying. This is my go-to place in the Glendale, AZ area.
