4	The neighborhood is very sketchy and the plaza where this restaurant is located is even sketchier. The owners, however, have done an admirable (if not cheesy) job of decorating the storefront of Sunshine Cafe.Once you walk inside your senses are immediately assaulted by the smell of a greasy spoon diner coupled with the noxious colors of the 1970s. The artwork on the walls is kitschy - it reminds me of what some might call "classy."The food is surprisingly good! I had the French Toast (they serve breakfast all day), while several others at my table had a BLT, and someone else had the fish and chips. Everyone really enjoyed their food. And for some reason, their bacon tastes REALLY good here. The staff is friendly and provide good service. Our party of six was in and out in under an hour.If you aren't looking for fancy, and in the neighborhood, I definitely would recommend you visit. It's a fun atmosphere that looks as if it has been forgotten by time. The prices are excellent and the food is better then what you'd get in a similar place like IHOP or Blueberry Hill.
4	After a late night out on Mischief Night, my friends & I finally headed out for "breakfast" around 2:30 p.m. Saturday afternoon.  My friend, a local from Vegas, said she knew a place she wanted to take us to that would be perfect for our hunger.Hungover & starved, I would have ate a doiley with some ketchup on it at this point, we walked into the Sunshine Cafe and I immediately felt at home.  The decor is warm & homely, if you like the warm colors of the 70s, which I do.  The waitress was super friendly and made us feel like one of her kids.The food was cooked to order.  Fantastic.  Coffee was to die for.  The prices were just right.  My bottomless cup of joe was keeping me awake until the food was ready.  When it was placed in front of me, I dove in.  An omelette with veggies, cheese on top, with a side of whole wheat toast & homefries.  Yea, I ate it all.  It was that good & I was that hungry.Whether you live in the Vegas area or are in town for a vacation, I highly recommend you take your hiney off the strip long enough to find Sunshine Cafe.  While it is not in the most desirable areas, the Sunshine Cafe brings some rays of goodness into your life, and your stomach.
4	Small family owned diner style breakfast. Every thing there is great. There is not to many places like this anymore. I'm a sucker for cornbeef hash. They always have a new special every time I go. ( not sure if it's daily or weekly). They even have a stuffed omelette that has home made chilli in it. I have never seen that before. But when all is said and done every thing on the menu is good it's all homestyle cooking an reminds me of early morning breakfast as a kid.
4	So I have passed by this place billions of times and finally went for breakfast with the family. As soon as you step inside you feel as if you've turned back the hands of time to the 70s! The staff is very friendly and efficient, it seems as if your at home with your mom serving you at the dinner table.      The kids were entertained with throwback toys as we waited for our food which did not take long at all for some home style cooking, I tried the eggs bennedict and Finally I find a place that uses good country ham and  just the right amount of hollandaise sauce.The hubby had country fried steak which he devoured, he said it was not gummy or chewy like he usually finds it. The kids had  breakfast foods from your typical bacon and eggs to the very scrumptious waffles! Which I'll be ordering the next time we visit. Overall if you want a very affordable way to enjoy good people and great food this is a must try! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of location and parking.
4	What a hidden gem this place is for the locals...!  =)~CHEAP cheap freakin' CHEAP!!!  My brother, G-ma (that's short for the Grandma), and myself ate a fantastic breakfast for $21!  It's unreal, I know!~Typical, simple breakfast selections that are right up my alley!   ~Not incredibly crowded..........  =)~GREAT, attentive customer service.........the coffee was always HOT & FULL! A few side notes.........~Don't let the neighborhood scare you away.  I'm serious........it's definitely worth it!~The decor is like a throw back from the 60's.  That means absolute shit to me......the food was on point and the service top notch!~This is Mayor Goodman's spot.  You might even  catch him here from time to time!
3	I've seen this place many times and I was finally compelled to try it out after reading such great reviews. I came here for breakfast. The place definitely does look very 60s with all the yellow and orange decor. You're allowed to sit wherever you want when you come in, which is always nice. There was about 7 groups of people already in the restaurant, which was kind of surprising because it doesn't look like a place that'd be that popular. I heard one of the waitresses say to another waitress, "wow, we have a lot of new comers today." So I'm guessing it's slowly getting more businessWe seated ourselves and ordered coffee and orange juice; it came out immediately. The coffee was pretty good, I had about 3 cups! The orange juice wasn't fresh squeezed, but still refreshing. After looking over the decently sized breakfast menu I decided to order the Waffle Breakfast. Normally I'd get the pancake breakfast, but I wanted to try something a little different. It was only $5.95 and came with one waffle, eggs, and your choice of bacon/ham/sausage. I chose sausage of course! My boyfriend ordered the Country Breakfast for $6.25 which included 2 sausage patties, 2 eggs, home fries, and a biscuit with gravy. While waiting for the food to come, we noticed they had Trivial Pursuit cards stacked on the table, so we got to play that to pass the time, it was very fun! Our food came and we dug in. My waffle was Very dry, even after filling all the little squares with butter, jam, AND syrup (I know, that sounds a little overdone). It was pretty disappointing. I was hoping to have a good waffle experience, but it wasn't. I also got a sausage PATTY, which I'm not normally fond of. I mean, it obviously tastes the same, but I prefer links. My boyfriend ate all his food, but said it was mediocre. I'm sure if we ordered other dishes, like the Hash and eggs or chicken fried steak, it would've been pretty good, but we just wanted to order something different and it wasn't satisfying. However, what was satisfying was the bill.  $16.97 for 2 cups of OJ, 3 cups of joe, and 2 breakfasts is more than enough reason to get me coming back!
4	This little gem is slightly hidden at the intersection of Decatur and Vegas.  While the address suggests Decatur, the restaurant parallels Vegas Street.  The location and ambiance are the only factors that keep this place from a 5-star rating.Myself, the wife, and the child arrived on a Sunday, in the early afternoon.  We seated ourselves, but within seconds, a very attentive waitress was on the scene with menus and asking what we would like to drink.  She attempted to engage the 7 year-old, and was very pleasant.I ordered the Eggs Benedict for about $7.95.  The Benedict came with choice of potatoes.  The portions were quite nice.  The cup of coffee was $1.25.  The wife ordered a cheese omelette for about $4.50.  The omelette came with toast and potatoes, and was also a nice sized portion.  The wife also did a full order of bisquits and gravy for about $3.50.  I helped with the bisquits and gravy, and they were really tasty.  One could order that meal and be quite full.  The daughter ate a grilled cheese with potato chips for $3.95, off the children's menu.  Her cup of hot chocolate was $1.25.  The food was served hot and fast.  The waitresses kept the coffee cups filled.  The food was quite tasty.  The portions were in excess of what you'd expect for the price (think of this place as the anti-France).  The menu had many items I will want to try in the future (for example, there is a New York steak breakfast for about $8.75).  They serve waffles, pancakes, a good variety of sandwiches and salads for lunch.  Overall, the Sunshine Cafe is a great value.  This restaurant is listed on Restaurant.com, and it's possible for a first time diner to purchase coupons, but the prices are so low, you may find it difficult to spend enough to use the coupon.
2	This small family-owned eatery is a bit difficult to locate as the given address is on N Decatur Blvd, but the entry is on Vegas Drive.  I ordered a short stack of pretty ordinary pancakes while Ann could not resist the day's special, apple cinnamon French toast accompanied by an excessively sweet, sticky syrup plus 2 eggs and bacon.
5	This is good homestyle food.  No frills, it'll taste just like someone made it for you at home.  The staff is friendly and knows the names of some of the locals!  You never see that anymore.  That said this is a locals eatery.  They try hard to please kids and helped us out when were were babysitting, by bringing a coloring book and other such distractions.   They also tried to get my GF's niece to finish her food by offering her a free desert if she ate all her food.  Great service!
4	great place, the beauty of the sunshine cafe is..........only the brave or those truly in the know would walk through the shady looking strip mall to get to the front of this place.i give this four stars and not five because i don't want any more people to come here, there is usually only two or three free booths for breakfast and lunch. so no wait.the staff is awesome, the breakfasts are huge, delicious and cheap.  if you want a burger, sammich, or lunch, it's also really good.
5	Good food, great prices, friendly people. A perfect place for visitors to las Vegas to get off the strip and see where the locals eat.
5	My family and I LOVE this place, its a hidden gem and I never want to go anywhere else. The staff is super friendly, the food is DELISH and the prices are fair.
3	I feel as though I just walked into a larger version of my Grandma's kitchen.  Straight out of the 70's; orange, yellow, and brown decor.  Very clean, and homey.  The staff was very pleasant and patient (I'm super picky when it comes to breakfast).  The food reminds me of Grandma's too, nothing special, just the basics, but it was good.  The prices were very reasonable as well.  This is definitely a little hidden hole in the wall, seems like everyone that came in was a regular since the waitress knew them all by name.
4	Good food at great prices , was having my car fixed down the street and was told to come here and Have Breakfast , Great local Place , extremely Friendly staff ,
4	This was my second time having breakfast at the Sunshine Cafe.  Most of our hiking group decided to have a gathering this morning and enjoy breakfast together.I really like this place.  People have described it as homey or retro--both good adjectives.  The service is just about the best you could have--pleasant, efficient, and friendly.  Our server today was Wendy and she was back several times to make sure our coffee cups were always filled.I got the Texas chili omelette.  You get a really nice amount of chili on the omelette.  I had a choice of the kind of cheese I wanted in the omelette and I went with cheddar.  The breakfast comes with home fries or hash browns and choice of toast.We had nine people at breakfast and our wait time from ordering was short.  The group was pleased with the food and the service.I'll be back.
5	Its the best diner in all terms. Funky and friendly. Been here before and will return again.
4	I didn't really like the French Toast... Everything else was great though:) The waitresses all worked together to make sure we had great service and it was a really friendly home away from home type of place. I like the atmosphere and I loved the services.
5	I went here after seeing all the yelp reviews and was really satisfied with the service as soon as I walked in I had 3 different servers asking me if I needed anything (that's great in my book im usually invisible) the food was good the price was reasonable and its a mile away from my house so they got a new customer.
4	Surprisingly this place is pretty damn good. Definitely a local crowd and it's hidden amongst a pretty trashy looking area.  The food and service are excellent. When I was there, it appeared there was a meeting of old school "union" types if you catch my meaning. I'd definitely come here again. I recommend breakfast menu.
5	This place does not look like much at all. Maybe that's a good thing! The decor is orange and yellow. Like I stepped back into the 70's. I have to say, it was surprisingly cheery. We were greeted by the nicest wait staff. They were very attentive, and came around often to top off our coffee. I had eggs benedict, and I always change out the Canadian bacon for bacon. I have to say, this was one of the best eggs benedicts that I have ever had. The bacon was crispy, and extremely flavorful. The hollandaise was wonderful. Hubby got the pork chops and eggs. Two cutlets were good. Good portions on both of our plates. I liked the choice of potatoes o'brien as the potato. Definitely going back, and soon!
4	Sunshine cafe is a great place to have a home cooked meal while out and about. Great food great prices great service.
3	I was trying to find a new bfast spot not too far from my house and came across this one on yelp.  It was pretty run down and the food wasn't as good as I thought it'd be.  I guess my first sign should have been when I told the waitress I was between two things (one of which was chicken fried steak n eggs) and she warned me against it because it's usually not that great (chewy/fatty).  I'm glad she warned against it...but maybe they should step their game up if they know it's not very good?
5	I've eaten here a couple of times now.  It is my new go to breakfast place! Excellent food, great prices, friendly staff and a nice atmosphere! Reminds me of the diners back in Rhode Island!
2	Came here last weekend for breakfast. It was my second time there. I wanted to like this place, really, as I generally like to patronize the mom and pop shops and the dives. However, I just can't get into this for breakfast.  It was vacant when we were there, unusually vacant per the waitresses.  The waitresses were friendly, almost to much so, I think the waitress we had would have gladly pulled up a seat and incesently talked the whole time we were there. Not that I don't appreciate friendliness but I also wanted to just enjoy the company of who I was with. Decor is a throw back to the 70's, with bright oranges and yellows. Definetely a locals older crowd. Like Cheers - everyone knew their names of the few of other people that were sitting at the lunch counter. I had the the Pioneer Breakfast, the big ticket item on the menu ($8.95), but I wanted eggs and pancakes and this fulfilled both of my requirements. I thought I was ordering too much food and wouldn't be able to finish but in reality the portion size was that I could finish it. Granted I gave my bacon away. Bacon was crispy, not microwaved like IHOP does. Pancakes were decent, but I didn't like that they only provided you with Log Cabin syrup - I guess I shouldn't expect maple syrup. They did accomodate me when I asked for scrambled eggs with cheese on them (my way of trying to incorporate a omelet into my breakfast as well). So it was okay, but I wouldn't go back. Previously I had the chicken fried steak, I was underwhelmed with the quality- chewy and tough. Although, to their credit, the waitress I had then (who was great, and I think I have read other Yelp reviews on her) tried to warn me of the inconsistency in the product depending on who was cooking, which was ironically the owner on that day, and I went against her sound advice as I was determined to have it.  That time my friend at the pork cutlet with gravy and she loved it, I tried a bight and it was very tender, I should have picked the pork. It is inexpensive, but I would rather pay a few extra dollars and try somewhere else next time.
5	My fav is the boneless pork chops breakfast or if ur a lunch person the burgers are bomb :)
4	The lady here was super nice. I really liked this spot as a breakfast joint. Everyone knew each other - the food was okay but the atmosphere made it up. It it is in a rinky dink area but I would still check it out again when I am in vegas.
4	This is a true blue old school breakfast jewel. From the Formica table tops to the old humorous posters and the delicious coffee this is a real nod to diners of the 70s. The staff is friendly, the service is excellent and the joint is chock full of regulars every day. Simple menu with simple stuff I recommend the Pioneer (8.95) for the hungry: 3 eggs, bacon ham or sausage, potatoes ( get the O'Brien's!) and short stack of pancakes. Sunshine is not in a trendy area. It is located near the inner city in a rougher part of town and the strip mall it's in is a bit dilapidated.   A fine place for a morning meeting if you choose a booth or more communal dining at a table it is a worthy spot!
5	We ate at Sunrise today and enjoyed everything about the place.  The food was great and the service was excellent.  One of the wait staff asked the owner to come over and talk to us because it was our first time at the restaurant and we are from Ohio.  The owner and staff make you feel like part of their family.  I highly recommend Sunrise.
3	Love the "my grandma's living room" vibe! Coffee was mighty tasty, bacon was crispy to my liking, hash browns were fab! Unfortunately, the lovely server brought one plate at a time to our table of five so the first person served had cold food by the time the final person received hot vittles. That and the pancake, served to my breakfast-mate, that looked like someone took a bite out of it reduced it to three star rating. I'll still go back because I really dug it!
2	I have previously been to the Sunshine Cafe and admire the small town feel and "everybody knows your name" vibe I get when walking in. Our Friday morning "Breakfast Club" chose Sunshine for this week's meeting of the minds in part so that I could continue my quest for the ultimate Chicken Fried Steak. I had reviewed the authorings of fellow Yelpers prior to dining and discovered one of them had a bad experience with the CFS after being warned by the waitress that the quality of the CFS varied depending on who was running the grill on that particular day. I didn't make any inquiries with the waitress regarding the CFS. I figured I would order it and give it it's due process good, bad or indifferent. Of all the places I've included in my quest for the ultimate Chicken Fried Steak, this was by far the worst of the bunch without question. This was not lightly breaded and smothered in gravy like EVERY other place included in the quest. This was an unbreaded piece of meat served on top of the gravy. Apperance aside, the first bite was not appetizing and almost brought the meal to a screeching halt. The potatoes (I got home fries) were undercooked, as was the anemic pancake I got in place of toast. Three of the five in our group got pancakes and there was no consistency between the three.Although the waitress was extremely friendly and the coffee was never empty, she brought the meals out one plate at a time for our party of five. I can't speak for the others in the group, but this was not a good experience for me. I am normally not a "one and done" kind of guy and will eventually give the Sunshine Cafe another shot based solely on previous visits, but will defintely scratch the CFS from my list of choices.
4	Great service.....the food was good. I like the hometown feel, especially listening to the old guys talking about cars & football. The waitress were very friendly. I tried the SOS, (see pic) it was okay....something new & different.  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu !!
4	Think bright yellow and orange booths, daisy light fixtures hanging overhead, and trival pursuit cards on each table to play while waiting on your food.  It's a throw back to 1970's, all that was missing was shag carpeting!Now what about the food? Simple, straight foward, right from your Momma's kitchen.  My choice today, country breakfast, scrambled, two sauage patties choice of potato and biscuit with milk gravy!Very good, simple, nothing fancy. Cooked well, gravy is thick, with bits of sauage and and seasoned, reminds me of the South!Overall, good service, simple food and price is right!
5	Loved taking a step back in time. Loved the personal atmosphere in this place! It appeared that everyone knew everyone which I love! We were greeted by about four different people and the waitresses were fighting to take care of us! Our coffee and water stayed full the entire time. The coffee was great. I ordered the SOS which is beef and gravy poured over toast and a side of hashbrowns...I wish I could eat this every single morning! We will make this a regular  breakfast place...we are new to Las Vegas and can't wait to be a regular here!
5	They have moved to a new location mulligans landing on rancho and Decatur and its the same crew.... they moved due to the whole parking situation
4	Awesome Food. Wish i could say the same for the restaurant because there is construction close by. Temporarily at  Muligans landing for breakfast 2851 N.Rancho.  Staff is super friendly and service is on point.  Will definitely come back for more!
