2	The spices on the burger was too heavy. Yikes!
3	Every time I go here the people are always nice. that new waffle breakfast sandwich was way better than i thot it wud be. beats mcdee's nasty equivalent. whatever its called. the cheesecake at JITB is too steal for! (i'm not dying for it lol). wish the rest of JITB's food was up to par.
1	Cockroaches crawling up the wall. Employee out front smoking a joint. EVERY surface is crazy sticky. My order is NEVER right. Am I coming back?Oh HELLLLLLLLLS no.
2	The employee working the counter was having a hard time processing my order in the register and finally stated they were in training before going to find help. I understand there is a learning curve and it takes time to learn new procedures, but having a trainee flying solo at the register during lunch hour was probably not one of Jack's best decisions. This definitely wasn't fast food. The tacos I ordered were not your typical, hot and greasy JITB tacos. They were cold and not very tasty. Iced Tea is not available with all of the other beverages when dining in. You must get it from behind the counter, which only adds to the delay and frustration. I frequent the drive thru at this location and have never really had an issue. This was my first dine-in experience and it may be awhile before I return.
2	I have had good experiences with the staff here however the area is terrible.  This is a  hot spot for the panhandlers in the area.  I can think of at least a couple of times when their begging made my guests feel uncomfortable.  I am not saying this is a bad venue just that you should be aware of this issue when choosing a spot for seeing friends or a date.
4	Last night I want to jack in the box. I guess they where a bit busy for the night around 8:54 pm and I was being patient while the girl took my order. Went to the Window to pay and the girl told me if I could wait a bit since she was busy. I didn't mind waiting got my bf's food l. It took a bit long but I didn't mind. Over all good customer service. The girl that attended me was nice. Wouldn't mind waiting a few minutes since I wasn't in a hurry. Just wish they had some veggie burgers...
1	This guy name rafael which is a cashier... won't let us do a seperate order.. he said we can only do 1 order per car. And I was like why? There is no car behind us. Do you want us to drive around and order again even tho is a same thing. And he said they been doing it since the jack in the box on lake mead first open. RUDE COSTUMER SERVICE.. AND the guy who worked there name rafael is stupid.
