4	Got the tickets through an online discount broker for half price.  The first comedians were average to slightly below average, but Joe Lowers is hilarious!  He interacts almost entirely with the audience, and you definitely don't won't to sit to close if you don't like to be part of act.   I would recommend this to everyone that is not easily offended and does not mind adult language and adult themes.  Really funny for about half the price!
1	worst show i have ever seen in my whole life! omg like i cant say even how bad this show was... i was falling asleep and i was right up front... the only thing keeping me from falling asleep was how bad my ass was hurting from sitting there for so long... sssooooo bad waste of time i will never get that part of my life back its depressing
4	We laughed so hard our bodies were sore.  This show is very interactive and personal.  This is a small venue so no one escapes the fun.  They serve complimentary popcorn and there is a candy jar at the entrance so it's easy to feel well cared for before you get humiliated.  There is a multi media component so there is always something new to catch attention.  Joe is great at picking up nuances from the audience and using them to his comic advantage.  Plus, it's great to go to a venue that we can enter without walking through a smoky casino.
1	WOW! This show was awful! The first couple comics were funny and told jokes, joe lowers the headliner was the worst comic I have ever seen. All he talked about was putting his dick in the free popcorn he gave me??? His jokes were not relevant at all (bobbit, O.J. Micheal Jackson playing with kids wieners:( and he made tasteless jokes about the Vegas Legend Danny Gans!  He pulled rubber insects out of his way to tight jean shorts and then shook my hand after the show and my hand smelled like balls! He has no jokes and just uses hack racial stereotypes and the night I was at the show he said the N word twice...and he is WHITE!!!  The guy just loves to hear himself talk and boy did he talk! He was on stage for 80 unfunny minutes. The show was almost 2 hours long. The whole experience just made me feel sad. I probably won't come back to vegas. This city just isn't what it used to be. Dick in the customers popcorn???? Just isn't funny or right! A sad sad day for comedy:(
4	Been here 8 times.  Once it was mediocre, once it was not very good, but the six other times it was great!!  Very funny, good sound, good stage, great seating staff.  Lots of fun!!
