1	Let me start off by saying that I have gone to this City Tavern 4 times or so. All I can say is wow.Lets start with the food - they have a pretty good Grilled Salmon Caesar salad (which is one of my favorite dishes at a place like this). The salad is good and pretty cheap (I think its like 12 bucks).The problem is the quality - sometimes the food is good, others its not cooked or just not what you ordered. Some examples: Once my wife ordered tuna which came out still frozen (as in it was still an ice cube). The entrees are SLOW to come out - Plan on having a few hours to eat. The staff is un-apologetic - They seem to think its ok to mix up everyone's orders and let us figure it out by going from table to table asking if some one else got your plate.I can't say I've ever left the City Tavern thinking wow - that was a pretty good meal. Usually I'm just in shock about how horrible the experience was and how it was so much worse than i remembered it was before. You know, this rating started out as a 2 then as i wrote i realized just how lame the place really is. Bottom line for me - If you have 3 hours and a whole lot of patience, then the food is decent and its not really that expensive. Otherwise take your hard earned $ and spend it someplace else.
5	Food is always fresh and well prepared. Have never had anything less than great at the Steele creek city tavern location. Service is always friendly and timely. I just have never shared the same negative experience as the other reviews here. Also, coupon options alway exists, which make this place even that much more affordable. Just recently had the buffet and everything was well maintained and fresh. The best buffet as my mother-in-law proclaimed (and she's a tough customer).
3	I had a pretty good experience here. the food was great for the prices. When I first walked in I was expecting $20 and over for a meal but it was more like $20 and under. I had a ceasar salad it was really good, better than some other places I fequent. I would order it again.Our waiter disappeared for a good 20 minutes, so we had empty drink glasses for a while. It also took awhile to get out check.they also seemed to have some good drink specials, especially compared to uptown.
5	I went to dinner at City Tavern last night and I loved it! The ambiance was lovely and the food was delicious. I ordered the seared chicken breast in a mushroom cream sauce with seasonal veggies.  I even split the dish and it was plenty for both of us.  You must order the cauliflower mash as a side, it was to die for!   The rolls they serve are also very tasty.  I come to City Tavern whenever I am in town, and have never been disappointed :o)
2	Very disappointed with City Tavern. The place looks very warn and the food was awful and the prices were outrageous.
4	I took a friend out for their birthday.  OMG the pasta with crab and shrimps...OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD. Love it.
5	We visited City Tavern again tonight with our pastor and his wife and we had wonderful service and delicious food!I ordered the Chicken Madeira...sauteed with mushrooms and Madeira wine served with Parmeasan mashed potatoes and veggies.  It was $14 and worth every penny! My husband ordered the meatloaf as he did last time and was pleased with his choice again.  We had the chocolate peanut pie for dessert and it was kinda blah, but the other couple ordered the blueberry cheesecake and said it was delish!Overall, I'd say City Tavern is a hair on the pricey side, but the waitstaff is always super friendly and the intimate interior minus the tv in the bar area (yuck!) is a nice option in the Rivergate area.
2	food was good - service horrible.1. appetizer was served with no plates, crumbs were all over the table. 2. finished sandwich and had very few fries left on the plate and the waitress actually comes back to offer ketchup....3. drinks were refilled but the empty ones did not get removed, cup rings all over.4. waitress drops the receipt & pen on the table lethargically - usually wouldn't care to notice but hard not to notice when it makes a thud - great last impression, with a messy, wet and crumb-y table.only going back for to-go.
1	We have been to City Tavern numerous times 5-6 as there are not very many options in the area. We always want to like it and have given plenty of chances but now we are officially throwing in the towel. The menu is large, well laid out, and planned. There are many app options and entree combinations which are a plus.  Our first visit I could not have been more excited about trying the mixed grill entree with steak, pork loin and rack of lamb. Nothing was cooked well, meat was over, pork was dry and the lamb had an off grayish color, entree was sent back and replaced.We have had similar experiences since, and it is something new every time. Broken sauces, poor service, slow servers, over/under cooked items etc. After a few months we gave it another try, and like usual it was just ok. We had great service, and ordered the 3 courses for $25 special. My egg roll, short ribs and desert were acceptable but pricy.  My wife started with the shrimp cocktail, big mistake. 3 small shrimp looked to be precooked, frozen, thawed and placed on a bed of mixed greens. Cocktail sauce was a solid gelatin disgusting mess. Turned over the ramekin and it didn't move. We have sent back 3 items at restaurants in 3 years living in the area, 2 were at city tavern, the other was our first and final visit to the grid-iron.City tavern has a great spot, nice decor, and a good menu. The kitchen and wait staff can clearly not execute. Sadly, we have no more chances to give and don't want to spend $30+ each to see if they can figure it out.
4	Wide range of menu items, great service from hostess and waiter. Nice layout of Resturant and Bar area. BBQ chicken chips as appetizer was amazing. Will def go back to try more items on the menu.
3	This is actually a 3-4 star restaurant... depending on what time you go. If you go unprepared (sans-coupons) at dinnertime, you WILL get screwed over by the outrageous prices that the regular menu features. I would go for the pasta, since the servings are more generous than pretty much anything else. Second choice would be the sandwiches.With that said, I went at lunchtime and got a delicious filet mignon steak sandwich, which only costs about 9 or 10 bucks and came with delicious fries, sauteed mushrooms & onions, and melted provolone cheese that soaked up the rich steak reduction beautifully. Well worth my money for lunch, especially since I had coupon that allowed for the second entree - for my best female friend Natasha - to be free so long as you order two drinks. Sweetwater IPA For. The. Win.
1	Worst service ever! Overcharged for the burger. Runny mac and cheese. Righteously indignant waitress. Asked to speak with manager....never came. Paid cash, and was asked 5 minutes later how much change was wanted back...instead of bringing all the change and letting us decide the tip. I guess the 1.00 each of us left for tip wasn't enough so the waitress angrily tried to return it at our car. YES OUTSIDE!!! We had to hear about how her son plays in the NFL and she's not going to be treated like that. NEITHER WILL WE, won't come back even if its free.RECOMMEDATION: find another crappy place with bad service where the mediocre food is overpriced...you will still be better off.
4	Stopped n here on a Thursday night with a coworker.  Ribeye was excellent.  The night before I had been at 131 Main on Rea Road and also had a ribeye.  City Tavern's Ribeye was MUCH better.  Bread and dipping sauce was delicious.  Waitress seemed pretty good.  I was not sure which beer to have so she brought me a sample of two related types.  When she came back and I had made my decision, I had a fair amount left of the one I preferred and she took the glass.  I thought it was kind of funny though.
4	We ended up at City Tavern for our Valentine's Day dinner because our plan A fell through. I wasnt disappointed in the meal, and dessert made the short comings in the meal balance out. We started with the rustic.bread and oil dipping sauce which was very good and the spinach and artichoke dip which was tasty as well, but could have been served warmer.  I had the Chicken Madeira, which I have had before. This time however, the chicken had hardly any flavor and the sauce was runny and just not appetizing. The mashed potatoes and veggies were decent.  My husband had a steak and was pleased with the size, flavor and cut and was able to substitute veggies for the asparagus side with no trouble. Our waiter was super attentive and I love the group effort of table service although they sometimes seem a little frantic! We had the red velvet cheesecake and it was very good, not too sweet, perfect layers of cake and cheesecake and the whipped cream off to the side (and out of my way...yuck). All on all a good visit.
1	City Tavern has really gone downhill. Our last few visits have gotten progressively worse - both with food and service. The icing on the cake is we even wrote to them to complain and they never even responded. Can we say mismanaged?!
3	I honestly don't really care for City Tavern. I've tried the wings and also the Chicken Panzanilla. They were both awful and I could barely take anymore bites (Was sampling my boyfriend and his sister's plates). So why the 3 stars? WELL.. I was introduced to something magical. Let me teach you about the MONDAY ANGUS BURGER SPECIALS! Angus Burgers with toppings are 50% off on Mondays. That means you can get a hearty-sized Angus burger with sauteed onions, mushrooms, pepper-jack cheese and a side of garlic fries, mashed potatoes or veggies on the side for around $6!! Trust me, stick with the Angus burgers and you'll love Mondays.
3	With a name like city tavern after a long day of painting, I was very excited to get some boneless buffalo wings and a adult beverage. New to the area, this looked like just the place! ...until I walked inside. My husband and I had casual clothes on and felt very out of place. I know when there is a place with lobster on it more then once on the menu, I ain't in Kansas anymore. We got the BBQ nachos which were and the chicken sandwich which were decent. The bisque left something to be desired. I felt like this place had an identity crisis, was it an upscale eatery or a bar and grill. Based on the name and expectations that come with it, I was a little let down here.
4	I'm going to start out by saying I have not eaten here yet. Perhaps I should wait until I do, but honestly I don't have any immediate plans to do so.I usually pop in with the boyfriend for a drink at the end of the day. The bar is rarely very crowded, which is a plus for me since I hate cro
2	I've been here twice and I have to agree with some of the other reviews, this place has a name that does not go with its interior. If you are going to name a restaurant "city tavern" then that's what it should be, not some wanna be fancy over priced burger joint. The food is okay, nothing to write home to. There are much better restaurants in the city with better food at a better price. We tried their fried green tomatoes, mine are much better and cost 1/3 the price to make. My boyfriend and I went to the Cheesecake Factory last night and we both got dessert and it was less to eat there then at City Tavern (which I also had a coupon for) I don't recommend this place when there are so many other great places to eat in Charlotte. I won't be going back.
4	Noticed the last few times we have visited that there are fewer people than it used to be. We ate here early the other day and scallops were good. Fried green tomatoes were delicious. My husband got shrimp and grits and he was happy with his food. Nor sure where all the people have gone. The food has always been pricey and it just seems it may be a little pricey for the economy for what they have.
5	My boyfriend and I come here often and we love it! The staff is very friendly and attentive. We've had several appetizers and entrees on the menu and we've loved all of them! They also have great specials throughout the week like half off bottles of wine on Mondays, half off martinis on Tuesdays and half price appetizers at the bar on Thursdays, and we just found out about the all you can eat crab legs on Sundays! If you haven't had a chance to come here, we suggest you do!
2	Every time I eat here I remind myself why I haven't been there recently. I had the NY strip and the meat was tough but flavor was good. It was overpriced. My husband felt his seafood was undercooked and only picked at it.
4	Groupon is what brought me into the restaurant. We Came at lunch time. There was a advertised special of half off regular burgers. My husband ordered a bison burger which made our meal roughly 10 total including the cost of the groupon which isn't bad. Without the group on it would have been roughly 25. The taste was pretty good. I was surprised that the bison burger didn't have a gamey taste. Service was good. Our drinks were filled as soon as they were emptied. I know several people have stated as far as the price it was expensive. I would have to disagree in my opinion. 10 dollars for a burger is what you would pay for this type of restaurant. As far as the other entrees the prices were also average. We stated even without a groupon when we wanted something different we would come back. We do have two small children and this would not be a place we dined at with them. It was definitely a setting for adults.
5	Today I used my Groupon for City Tavern.  Although there are several locations available for whatever reason it slowly made its way on my list.  I ordered the macroni (contained crab, crawfish and shrimp) and the turkey/salmon sandwich.  I was amazed at the food portions and the taste of my dishes.  Fernando C was my waiter and he provided excellent customer service, which nowadays is hard to receive.  The only flaw was someone forgot to mop the front entrance I could hear the stickiness.  Other than that I will return b
2	I have to be honest, this has been a favorite hangout of mine for years.  I know much of the staff and love them.  Maybe because I am a regular my comments are unnoticed?  The floor is FILTHY.  Has been for years.  The food has been consistently inconsistent and the wait staff are not professional cleaners, nor should they be expected to be; cleaning up after a shift is their job but never doing ANYTHING else to the space has created years of grime.  HIRE SOMEONE, to come in and DEEP CLEAN the bathrooms and dining room.  I personally know the kitchen is clean.  COMMERCIAL CARPET SQUARES HAVE A PURPOSE - to be replaced when they get crappy - they've been crappy for about 4 years.  Overall, the bar, dining room, etc. is just worn out and dirty.  The bathrooms have mop slosh stains on the tile walls that I have seen un-removed for more than a year.  I have never been to the SP or Ballantyne CT's because this one is close and has a group of great regulars - sort of a 'Cheers'.  But it has really been neglected of late and it shows.  Paint a wall, change out the ceiling tiles with stains from 2009 smokers, just a LITTLE bit would  make a difference.  This side of town is growing with many new spots coming in, to compete there has to be at least a minimum amount of revamping and money spent.  The concrete floor is stickier than a movie theater's... having a dishwasher slosh around dirty mop water in the a.m. isn't cutting it.  It needs to be SCRAPED, then cleaned, then re-stained.  Also, CT Rivergate has to be losing in the THOUSANDS on the keg system that has been messed up for YEARS - they have to pour out two or three glasses of foam for every beer they pull. Temperature? This is not staff's fault, but really, when is this going to be updated?  Love it, but would love to see it get the attention it needs and become a great place again. Thanks :).
5	It appears a little fancy when you walk in, but the food is reasonably priced and tastes awesome. The atmosphere was excellent, the waiter's know their menu and are extremely friendly. This is the type of place where the food is cooked by real chefs, not kitchen cooks. The Twin Tails meal was quite honestly the one of the best meals I've ever had. They quite frequently run a Groupon you have to jump on! If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting for?
1	What a poor experience my girlfriends and I had at City Tavern-Rivergate tonight!  The food was well below average and the customer service was very poor.  We will never return to this restaurant!
2	I decided to try to this place with a girlfriend after purchasing a Groupon. Like other reviews, I wanted to like this place. Drinks and food came out quickly, which was great; however, the server was too aggressive. He came to our table asking if everything was okay (yes, another great thing), BUT it felt like he was stopping by our table every 2 minutes. When I was wanting to catch up with my friend, his presence felt like an annoying pest that wouldn't go away. The 2 stars go towards the prompt service in terms of getting our meal delivered quickly and for the mimosas being strong and delicious. I ordered chicken alfredo, which lacked flavor but made up in a pool of oil. Yuck. I wish I could say I'd come back, but I won't.
5	I've been to all 3 locations and have always enjoyed the food. They even just started a new rewards program called BELLY and it's pretty cool.
5	Great Bison Burgers!!  Nice patio outside. Brunch at City Tavern until 3 pm.  Filet Mignon Benedict and Bison Burger!!
1	Arrived @ 6:15pm on Sat without a reservation, restaurant was fairly full.  We were seated immediately though.  No one even acknowledged our presence for 15 minutes.  We got up and left, once again, without being acknowledged.  Disappointed.
3	Been meaning to try after rave reviews from co-workers.  Prices are reasonable,service is good and great location. The food was pretty tasty. Be warned a few items are misnomers. Ex. Garlic fries were shoestring and not very garlicky? No need to describe plain items as fancy/premium sides. Would come back and try brunch which is offered on weekend.
3	While waiting for work to be done on our car at the nearby Best Buy, we wandered across to City Tavern to quench our thirst with a couple of beers. It was great that they had some locals on tap, including my favorite Captain Jack from OMB. We also shared an order of the lobster nachos, which were okay but not not as much quantity as I expected.Quiet on a mid-week afternoon centered between lunch and dinner but the service in the bar area (several TV's tuned to sports channels) was good.
1	My husband and I went for our anniversary.  It could not have been worse.  The waiter was untrained and got our drinks wrong then told us that there was no more bourbon that we like (Maker's Mark) or Sweet Vermouth, so we could only have one drink.Then he brought out 4 tiny pieces of undercooked dough that was supposed to be focaccia, and it was in a large wooden bowl that had a chunk out of it that left a sharp edge.  The bread had a piece of sandwich wrap over the top.When he brought our wine (which was $45), he asked if we had had it before.  We said yes, so he just poured it in to our glass without allowing us to taste it.The steak was good, but that is the only thing you can order and be sure that it won't be awful.The wait staff  changes constantly as does the chef it seems, so there is no consistency. Skip this palce.
