1	BUYER BEWARE!!!  After having this company out to my home to repair a garage door (which due to lack of communication within the company resulted unnecessarily in multiple visits from different technicians to my home...each technician providing us with different information than the prior as to the extent of repair necessary), we discovered that 3 tactical weapon knives were suddenly missing after the final technician's visit.  We immediately notified the business owner.  After multiple phone calls to the owner, he finally responded that "you have no proof or evidence that my guys took them."  I notified the owner that I am filing a formal (under perjury of law) police report about this incident and filing complaints with all relevant licensing/consumer agencies. BUYER BEWARE!!!
1	Absolutely awful. We had to use them through the home warranty (first American). They've been here 4 times and it is not fixed. The technician called the office and told them he doesn't think the part they ordered was the right one (125lb spring for a 130lb door) and they told him to install it anyway. Surprise, the door doesn't work and the tech thinks it's the board (all of a sudden). Can't get a resolution through first American and we have now taken off 4 days of work to get this done with no results. The company is a joke. Don't risk it.
4	I had a broken hinge on my garage door and called in my home warranty.  I was VERY worried when I saw all of the negative reviews on here, but if it was home warranty with these guys or me on my own, I'd give it a shot.I called that morning, and got a same day fix.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they asked if I would be home all morning, and then the guy didn't show up until about 1 (and didn't call first, so I'm glad I stuck around!)But he also greased all of my hinges and rollers for me with no charge, so I was pretty happy overall.  I'm sure the other negative reviews really did happen on here and that sucks, but I just wanted to write a review to let you know if you get these guys with your home warranty, it might actually turn out ok!
