4	Excellent service, good prices. Pink &  whites by Danny are perfect! Pedicure is ok. I like a little more massage but I think it depends on who you get. The lady that did mine didn't do much of a massage but the person next to me had a guy that did a really good one for her! Overall very happy and will return!
4	Staff is friendly and fast, great full set for only $30! Stayed in the South Point Hotel and Casino across the street - walking distance!! Good work, prices are good!
5	Everyone here is great ! Especially Danny and Lee they go out of their way to accommodate you . Because it is close to a few hotels and timeshares they do have alot of walk in traffic so make an appointment . Been coming here for over 7 years and it's no where near where I love but worth the drive !!
5	Had manicure and a pedicure for the first time. I don't know why more guys don't get these. They're very relaxing and my feet thank me for it. They were very pleasant and I would recommend them.
5	Wonderful job and fun staff! I got a full gel set and my sister got a gel manicure.  The staff were entertained by our shananagins.  We walked from the South Point hotel. Would recommend this place to anyone coming to Vegas.
5	Best Nail Salon in Vegas! Affordable and great quality! I go to Le and she's so sweet and does an amazing job! My gel manicure lasts for three weeks! And I just go change it because I get bored with the color! No chipping or peeling like other places! Best price in town!
5	She did a great job repairing my nail fast quick and easy and it was only five dollars thank you so much
5	I went here for the first time today and it was great! All the staff were very friendly and spoke to me in English.  Danny gave me a full set and he was so gentle!! He was very accommodating when I asked for a little sparkle on the tips. I noticed one nail had the polish on thicker than the rest, but I didn't want to bother him so I shrugged it off, but when he got to that one, about to put the overcoat on, he noticed it and said "I don't like that one."  He took the polish off and redid that one without me even saying anything! He paid attention to detail and always asked me how I liked it after each step. The environment was very relaxing and professional, and we watched/laughed at Ellen on the tv. I've found my new favorite place! I'd recommend it to all my friends!!
5	I am staying across the street at South Point and booked a pedicure at their spa until I saw it was $49 for 25min quick and sweet pedicure. I found this gem Nails Unique on yelp and quickly canceled my appt at SP.  It was a quick walk across the way and because it was the middle of the day on a Tuesday they weren't slammed so I was seen right away. My girl was so sweet and did a fantastic job. The best part the service wasn't rushed, she was thorough and my toes look great. Cost me $20! I even made an appt to come back Friday to get a manicure before my flight. I highly recommend!!!
1	Im new in town and figured i would try this place because it is close to home.  It seemed great at first cuz i was seated immediately. But it too quick, too fast. My feet soaked for 30 seconds and my fingers even less. My no clip was the fastest i have even seen. I had the nail technician do it over the no clip lamp and burned my forearm on the overhead lamp. He played it off like it was no big deal. As my last coat was drying he moved on the next client for a pedi. Return to me without washing his hands. Gross. Remember he forgot to lotion/massage my hands. Squirt lotion on both arms. While he rubbed lotion onto one arm, the lotion on the other arm began to run onto my dress.  It was soo unprofessional.  It's cheap because they cut corners. I wouldn't be surprised if you got an infection there.
5	Lee was so great!  She took her time and didn't rush.  She paid attention to details and my nails look FABULOUS!
5	Nice nail salon, I've been here a few times and always had a great job done. The salon is clean and doesn't smell like acetone (big plus in my book!!), David did a great job and made friendly conversation which I always appreciate when getting my nails done.Fantastic place! I'm about to call and make my next appointment. :)
1	Not even an one star. Came in after reading good reviews. Big regret :(What they call a manicure is not a manicure. Cutting cuticles after soaking in water for a minute and filing my nails is not a manicure.Gel polish I chose looked different on every finger - from half transparent to almost dark. Redid with the darker color on top, still looks awful. They gave me whole 5 dollar discount! Just stopped at CVS and got a regular polish to cover this mess.Ugh. This will teach me to get mani while on vacation.
3	I was staying across the street at South Point and their spa was outrageously expensive!! This place was within walking distance and much cheaper, which justifies the faults in other areas.Walk-in for a pedicure & mani, get seated right away. The water was cold :( the pedicure was beautiful & the massage was nice.Sit down for my gel nails with the same gal and it was VERY difficult to explain to her what I wanted. I eventually had to start communicating with one if the male nail techs to have him translate. I have long natural nails and wanted all white gel polish and one acrylic nail to fix a broken one. The gel nails turned out fine, but the acrylic nail is HUGE. It's like a talon in comparison. She did paint it & decide it was too big & shaved it down even more without me having to ask, which was nice, but it's still pretty huge.Also got a bikini wax & the gal was very sweet and very pregnant! Haha. It all wasn't the relaxing spa experience I was looking for, especially because the communication was rough & the place was a bit dirty: magazines and towels strewn behind the pedicure chairs, the UV gel light my gal used was cracked with dirt, in the waxing room she didn't close the curtain to hide the washing machine or cleaning supplies, and when a gentleman cut a boy's hair, he didn't clean up the hair for quite some time after the client left.It's worth 3 stars because it was so close for my vacation & I paid $48 for a normal pedi & gel nails (no mani) & another $30 for a full bikini wax, but I wouldn't be a regular if I was a local.
1	Horrible! My told the lady to trim my nails, not completely reshape it! She not only shape it oddly, it was uneven and the nail polish didn't cover the whole nail! Never going back!!
5	When I first moved to Las Vegas I went to this wonderful nail salon with some friends. I ended up moving about 40 minutes away and changed salons. Now that I'm back in the area, I went back and everything was better!  The service is exceptional, the prices are great, and when you make an appointment, there is no waiting time, as they are extremely efficient and their time management is exceptional!An appointment is not always necessary, however, I would call ahead to see if there is a wait. I definitely recommend this spa/salon, as they offer an array of services that are beyond my expectations, and that's why I'm a regular customer again. It's in a great location convenient to guests at South Point, and a quick taxi ride from the hotels on the strip. If you're looking for great and reasonable services, this is the place to go!  I'll be back...
5	Great service, they have a lot of gel colors to choose from, really nice people. I like that they don't rush you and their prices are the best in town. This is definitely my go to place.
5	I have been coming here since my first time - it has been 7 MONTHS!  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Danny and Lee take their time and offer quality product, at affordable prices.  I drive every two weeks from Aliante (approximately 30 miles) JUST FOR THIS SALON!
