4	Nice outdoor seating area, quick convenient drive thru and the best part? My nail salon is adjacent to this place! I like this Starbucks because they never seem to be understaffed and they are always more than friendly even during the busy times.
5	I love this Starbucks!! The fact that is has a drive-thru is a bonus. It is near several types of shopping and stores. I have been frequenting the Lowe's that is right in the parking lot.This location offers 'Puppuccinos" for your dogs! They come in tiny cups with lids that are filled with fresh whipped cream. It is just a nice treat for your fur baby and a nice touch on Starbucks part!
3	My wife and I visit this Starbucks every time we drop our son off for school. Its about 3 mins away from Challenger and there is never a line when we arrive.The staff here is extremely friendly and know how to get into a good conversation. They might always get my wife and I's drink wrong:me: Venti iced coffee, 3 Splenda, xtra non-fat & light icewife: random, only barista concocted, drinksbut they always remake our drinks with a smile. It makes us not care that the first time we get our drinks will not be the last time we get to see their faces that day. The inside of this Starbucks is beautiful and open. They have two sets of comfy seats and a nice amount of in-store merchandise. Its a perfect place to sit back, read the paper, and relax while waiting for your child to get out of school, and your remade coffee to come up in the window.
5	great service, they always fix my drinks just right.
5	This place is always pretty busy but they work fast and the employees are always very pleasant. Love that it has a drive thru and is easily accessible.
4	Good Location, near my house :) The employees were polite, my only negative was that there were 3 people working but not one walked around to clean the tables that were dirty.....
5	Where they remember my drink :)
3	This is my Starbucks mothership and the one I visit the most. The location is conveniently located in the Lowe's Shopping Center and has a drive thru. On my latest visit, I drove thru with nobody in front of me, but was greeted by a friendly voice telling me she would be with me in a moment. The order was simple, two iced teas and a frap. Pulled up to the window and Tyla greeted us with a smile. Not sure what took so long, but we waited and waited for our drinks. Maybe shift change? Usually I am in and out much quicker.
4	Getting my study on with the new vanilla macchiato. My new favorite. The service here is hit or miss in the afternoons. In the mornings it's busy especially the drive thru.
5	My husband and I joke around very often. We walked into Starbucks speaking in an Italian accent. The greatest part was Nick, the cashier, played along. Made the experience hilarious! On top of this, my husband went to use the bathroom. So, I saw a great opportunity for a good laugh. I asked Nick to put "hot stuff" on his cup and call him that when his drink is ready. The barista, Asia, so wonderfully played along. Their participation went way above good customer service! Gave us a good laugh. I've found a regular coffee shop to go to! Thanks guys. :)
2	I visit this location often, enough that an employee should mention their rewards program and when someone asks about it don't make assumptions and then distrust what someone says to you.  It makes this store look awful and ugly.
