5	I took my 3 yr old here last week. Dr. Ellis and his staff were great. It was his first time to the dentist and they made him feel very comfortable and at home. They knew he loves trains and made sure to have a train on the door of the exam room.Will definitely come back here. Very clean and modern design with a game room and separate movie area for the kids.
5	Took my 2 1/2 year old daughter for her first dental check-up. Dr. Ellis and his assistant, Jessica did a great job making the visit really fun and comfortable for her. I had called some other pediatric dentists and they couldn't get my daughter in for two months. Called Every Kid's Dentist, and they got me an appointment right away. Super friendly staff. You can tell they really enjoy seeing and interacting with the kids.
1	I made an appointment at 7am this morning and the lady told me over the phone that normally they do not do them at this time but she would, "make it work."  I got there are 640 and waited till 7:15 for them to open with my two kids in the back.  I decided to finally leave drop off my kids at baby sitter and go to work.  Because of this, I took time off work for nothing.  I called a little later and the lady told me I was scheduled for 8.  OK well that's not what the lady stated to me.  Well who did you speak to and of course, I don't remember.  I'm just very upset because what, did they expect me to wait an hour for them to arrive?  These people apparently do not have any respect for their customers.  The girl on the phone said she would leave my phone number for the mgr and yet it's noon and still haven't heard anything.If I could give them no stars, I would.This place is a joke
5	I am so impressed by Dr Ellis, dental assistant Story, and the wonderful staff at Every Kids Dentist. My son has Special needs and was previously scared to go to the dentist. They tailored the appointment to our needs. Everyone was so helpful and kind and they went at our preferred pace. I'm excited to bring my kiddo to the dentist now, they were FABULOUS! Keep up the amazing service!!
