5	There is no adobada al pastor but Tacos el Gordo. Not choosing to indulge may as well be a choice for death. Let the Gordo into your mouth. Let the Gordo gush flavor into your life. Gordo.
5	I love this place. The sesos, lengua, tripa are a few of my favorites. So glad they opened up this place near my work.
5	Thanks to the closing of the Strip location....the North Las Vegas Tacos El Gordo opening has finally come!  Nothing gets better than $2 tacos! All the food is the same quality as the old Strip and Charleston location.  There is limited seating, so be prepared to stalk the tables if you plan on eating here.  My favorites are still the adobada (spicy pork) tacos...make sure you ask for pineapple with it!  The adobada tacos have the avocado/sour cream sauce that helps balance out the spicy red sauce.  My second favorite are the carne asada (steak) tacos, which have a nice charred flavor and comes with cilantro/onions/and avocado.  I've also tried the suadero, but the meat is just a little dry for me. I would prefer the lengua (beef tongue) over the suadero (beef breast).  If you like a little side of grilled veggies, you can ask for the grilled onions/peppers as well. I haven't been adventurous enough to try the cabeza (brains), beef stomach, and tripe yet...but one day.  I love that the drinks here have free refills....that means I can drink horchata all day =P.
4	Tacos El Gordo is good.  And popular...possibly too popular for its own good.  Not unlike their other locations, showing up here means waiting in line since every one also wants to get their gordo on.  I came by before 12 noon on a weekday, and it was still 25 minutes before I had my food.  Can't blame them for being successful, but it is something to be aware of if you're in a hurry.Other than the long wait, the food here is consistent with their other locations.  I still enjoy their al pastor, lengua, and cabeza tacos a lot.  I'm sure that whatever your favorites are at their other locations, you'll be just as happy with them here.  This location is super clean, but also small.  From memory there may only be 12 tables, so you may have to eat outside or in your car.  Other than that, if you've been to Tacos El Gordo before, this location will not disappoint.
1	Worst service ever. The popularity just went over their heads. The cooks treat you like they are the owners. They're good but I don't think I want to wait 30 minutes + just to eat the tacos. You ask for adobada and by the time you get in line again to get asada or tripa, waste of time. Your first tacos are already cold by the time you seat down and eat. Thanks but no thanks.
5	FINALLY!! I've been waiting for this location to open f-o-r-e-v-e-r! With the location on the Strip closing, it couldn't have come at a better time. Walking in I saw the usual lines for adobada, asada, etc. You have to pay attention to the signs so you know what line to get in. I only ever get adobada, so I usually go straight to that line and hubby usually goes straight to the asada line. Sometimes I do feel like an asada taco, so hubby just gets mine when he gets his and that saves time and my food from getting cold. This last visit the line wasn't bad at all and the place had a good amount of heads in it. I only waited maybe 5 minutes in the adobada line and hubby waited less than that in his line. The wait time will no doubt change depending on the day at time, but the wait is worth it. I had an "Adobada Taco" ($2) and an "Adobada Mulas" ($4, I requested mine to me made on flour tortillas) and they were both so good! I asked for them both with pineapple and the dude hooked me up with a fair amount. The adobada has such great flavor and is very addicting! The taste just keeps you wanting more. They do have seating inside, but I noticed they are working on the other part of the building, so maybe they will add more seating there?? That will be good for those who like to eat inside, but a lot of people, myself included, just eat at our cars. They offer a variety of meats including asada, adobada, lengua, sesos, buche, tripa, suadero and chorizo. You can get any of these meats in a taco, mulas, tostadas, vampiro, sopes and even over fries. This place is absolutely legit when it comes to tacos and I'll be a regular for sure!
4	Good prices with great food!! Felt like I was in Mexico lol in a good way. Will definitely return!
4	At first, the tacos look a little plain and small for the price but once I tasted them I realized that they are SOOO worth it!
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas!Other than being in actual Mexico and eating tacos, this is the next best thing! The meats are flavorful and tender! Salsas are great.Carne Asada fries are bomb!My favorite is adobada, cabeza and lengua tacos! Ordering is easy. You line up by what kind of meat you want. Once in any line you can ask for any other meats you want as well and they will shoutout your order to the guy working that particular meat! Also, They have quesadillas too! And free grilled onion and or peppers ! Overall great place to have tacos !
5	Seriously some of the best tacos in town! I like the carne asada tacos and mulas. You get in the line for what meat you want and drool while waiting for your turn. The lines can be long since everyone else wants some of this goodness too. Seating inside right now is limited but it looks like they are making more room for seating so that's good. What I'm hoping is that they get more stations going to help with the lines. Tacos are $2 and come with onions, cilantro, and sauce unless you specify otherwise. I ask that mine be made on flour tortillas and they do it and don't even charge extra. You can get a side of free grilled veggies upon asking too. Really good food at good prices.
3	45 minutes in line just to order our food!!!  Are you kidding me???I remember having my first taco from Tacos El Gordo.  This was close to 20 years ago, TEG was just a small taco stand, and the location was in TJ (right next to Caliente Sports Book & Senor Frogs to be exact).  As a teen or in my early 20's, we use to hit up Caliente, place some bets, and finish the night off eating tacos that cost roughly $.50 each.  Around the early 2000's, TEG started to invade the 619. They didn't have a restaurant in the US at the time, but catered a lot of events and parties. Heck..I even had TEG cater one of my daughter's birthday parties back in the day.  Their food was phenomenal, the service was impeccable, and the price was by the hour.  There was a huge demand for TEG's street tacos in the 619.  The demand was so big that they eventually opened a few restaurants in Southside San Diego.  Tacos El Gordo the restaurant was born and the rest is history.The original TEG in SD (ie. Chula Vista) is very similar to this location.  The prices are about the same, the two separate lines (one for asada, one for al pastor) are the same, the taste/quality is the same, and the wait is the same. Actually, SD's location is a little faster, but just a little. The GP and I decided to give this TEG a try. We waited about 45 minutes to place our orders, which is way too long.  The gurlpren went directly to the al pastor line and I went straight for the asada line. One item that this location has that the SD location doesn't have is Carne Asada Fries. So, I opted for Carne Asada Fries with two sides of Asada Tacos.  I admit, their street tacos are as good as it gets. For $10, they really hook up their Carne Asada Fries.  And for $2 each, the Asada Tacos were also hooked up. Taste wise...TEG in the NLV is pretty close to the TEG in the 619.  TEG's Carne Asada Fries is pretty good, but the not the best that I have had.  I still killed it, though.  However, they still rock a pretty damn good street taco.  And if it wasn't for the long lines, I would have probably given them 4 or more stars. Overall, I am a fan of TEG's food.  I'm just not a fan of the lines.  Gracias very much!!!
2	Although the LV Blvd location is now closed, I've now been to all 3 TEG's in town...and in my opinion, they are still one of the most overrated and overhyped joints in town. For starters, this location has so much potential and I just can't understand what they are doing here. From just Yelp tips and seeing the place by driving by, I know they've been working on getting this location open for at least 10 months or longer. If you haven't been here yet, this new setup is in an old gas station...yes, the entire gas station is now a restaurant. Well, not quite yet actually. Even after almost a year of working on opening this location, they only have a very tiny portion of it open. There are a whopping 12 booths available to sit at. TWELVE! And if you've ever been to a TEG before, you know it's almost always busy and can be a big pain to grab a seat.That also brings me to my next issue with El Gordo. Because they can get so busy, it can take a ridiculous amount of time to grab food, especially if you want different meats or items, and if you have a couple people with you. When you finally get your food, you then have to move to what will probably be another long line at the cash register. Your food is likely getting cold by that time, and if not, it will almost certainly be cold as you're standing around waiting for a table. The whole thing is just one big mess and makes me dread going here. Other similar restaurants are able to make this process much less frustrating, I don't get why TEG can't do the same.When it comes to the food, it's always so hit and miss that I just can't see what the fuss is all about. Sure, the al pastor is decent, but there's much better in town. Plus, unless you get lucky with someone decent behind the knife, you're probably going to end up with a portion nightmare. Every time I've visited a TEG, one taco is loaded with meat, the other has barely any, then they're drenched in sauce but super skimpy on the fixins (onion, cilantro, pineapple, etc). And on this particular visit to the new location, my tortillas were way overcooked and tasted stale like they had been sitting out a while. The onions and cilantro also appeared to have been sitting out for a while, and they forgot my requested pineapples...dang it!While pricing isn't terrible, the tacos are pretty small and I can easily spend over $10 just by myself. But that's just about the set price for any taco joint, so no real complaints there. They also seem to do a decent job at keeping this location clean, which is a major plus in my eyes. But with what is just ok food and a frustrating ordering system, TEG barely hits the 2.5 star mark for me.
5	The place is so much bigger then the other shops. The tacos are amazing! The workers are super nice and sweet. They where are really helpful. The tacos are really good. The place is always super busy. However, I went on a Wednesday around 5 it wasn't that busy the place looked really clean better then the other shops they have.
