3	So the wait is long -- that's to be expected! It's the DMV.However, other than the wait, the service here is excellent. I don't know the names of any of the employees, but both times I've gone, the lady at the "intake" counter has been the same. She's extremely friendly, kind, and helpful! No matter who you are or where you're from, she has something friendly to say. She's great.The folks behind the counter who do the actual paperwork are great, too. They've been understanding when we had strange issues, helpful when we had questions, and prompt and professional with the normal stuff. So while going to the DMV isn't the most fun thing in the world (waiting, blegh), the folks here make it at least not terrible. It's definitely a better experience than I had in either West Virginia or Minnesota! Kudos to the folks at this location.
4	I hate going to the DMV, to the point that I would never do more than complain about the prospect. Like anyone else, I would think. This one was the antithesis of every other DMV experience I've ever had.  There were maybe ten people actually there for service, and at least ten people actually working, despite it being around 130pm when I'd except people to all be at lunch. I got my business done and back into my car in a total of 18 minutes. I think that's a veritable record. At least in my experiences. Totally going back to this one when I get stuck going to the DMV again.
4	What am I doing? Leaving some great feedback for a place no one wants to ever wind up. But if you move to Madison and if you need to register a vehicle mmmm 5 months after the fact (I had a lot to do when I arrived, cut me some slack) you're bound to cross the friendly faces at the DMV. And friendly they are. The gent helping me didn't scoff at the fact that I didn't have my title with me. (Can I confirm that you actually aren't supposed to carry it with you). Rather he let me go outside to my car and riffle through a bunch of things in the glove box that might help me prove I was indeed the owner. Like the temporary registration the dealer issued me, good for 30 days. (I was never good with deadlines.) The trip beginning to end took about 20 minutes and cost me less than it ever did in AZ... why is registration so expensive there! The trade up here is that you have to put on a front plate, but because my car wasn't equipped for that I need to get holes drilled. I'm shottin' for holes early 2014.
4	I was at the Madison West location today, but could not find it in yelp. My expectations were low, but I was remarkably impressed with the service, friendliness, and efficiency with which I was able to get WI plates. I only had to wait 15 minutes before seeing an agent (barely had the form filled out by then) and the DMV agent was extremely helpful and welcoming despite some mistakes I made on the form. The whole process took less than a half hour and I walked out with my new permanent plates. Illinois and Maryland both have a lot to learn from Wisconsin!
