5	I order delivery from this place almost every afternoon at work.  They recognize my voice.  The service over the phone is always very good, and they deliver promptly.  There is no minimum order required for delivery, but they do add a $2 deliver fee.  I don't mind this, because not having to get out in the heat on my 30 minute lunch break is worth it to me.  My favorite sandwiches are their french dip, chicken cordon blue, and turkey and swiss on a croissant.  Yum!
4	We've been ordering from them for years. They also recognize my voice when I call and are always polite. I must say that they have some of the best food in town. The main cook, George, is AWESOME!!!!!! They cater for us and even put together great lunches at short notice with delivery. The pot roast, chicken picatta and many other dishes are just devine!! We will continue to use this company as long as they're around.
5	Came to this cool little place tucked into a medical plaza right on 7 street and the I-10. A friend of mine recommended it do I had to stop by. They have a pretty large menu for breakfast and lunch and they deliver as well but I just stopped in and had a "steak and everything" which is a Philly sandwich and man was it great. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was flavorful. The menu was so large and there was so much I wanted to try, guess I'll be back soon.  Need to give breakfast a shot next time since I find myself in the area quite a bit.  Has indoor and outdoor seating and is a very casual lunch spot.
4	Wary of a place where I can order alfredo pasta, burgers, carne asada burritos, and cheesecake from the same place - was this to be a jack of all trades and master of none?Kudos on the burgers being cooked to order, where you can specify from rare to well-done. I'm a medium-rare and he's a medium, and they were accurately cooked.The burger meat was a little bland, and it seems like they use a frozen beef patty based on the shape. They offer a lot of ways to dress it up to make up for this. We got a fried egg on one, and sauteed mushrooms on the other.Veggies were crisp, bun was buttered and soft. Fries were salty and tasted best when completely coated in ketchup. Pickle was dill-icious, which is a joke I'm pretty sure has never been told before.My guy's fruit punch was completely watered down by the time it arrived. I would recommend getting all drinks no ice and adding ice when you're ready to enjoy the drinks.Also, ordered an iced coffee. Standard, passable coffee. Pretty cool that it's delivered.Bottom line: Menu is expansive. Burger and fries were average. Delivery is fairly priced and quick.
5	I just revisited Bitter Creek after many years away.  It was a favorite of my parents for as long as I can remember.  I remember them raving about the Philly cheese steak on numerous occasions and was fortunate to enjoy it often as a child.  I just went back and was happy to see all of my childhood memories still intact on the menu AND MORE!  I took several co workers with me and all of them raved about the food on the way back to the office.  Im excited to see that the great restaurant where I could once only order a great cheese steak has a huge variety of must try entrees.  The staff was great, the food was great, and Im just lucky to work nearby.
5	Super clean restaurant with great healthy options.
5	I wanted to try out Yelp Deals so I looked online and noticed that Bitter Creek Cafe had a sweet deal - $20 for $10 - perfect.  Their location on 7th street was only a short drive from the Union WorkSpace (The Construction Zone, ltd.) where I was working that day.  It is hidden in an office building, and I would recommend looking on google maps before the drive.After purchasing the deal, I ordered the Pastrami Panani, 2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet....
1	Was there 11/27 with a groupon. Ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. It was unremarkable. The meat was salty and tasteless. The cheese ended up adhered to the paper wrap. A good cook knowing his business would be aware of this issue. The bread was average. If it was not for the groupon they would have gotten the sandwhch back. I took most of it home and fed it to my dogs. In the world of food its real hard to screw things up when others do it right. For this reason I give it two thumbs down and a no to return dining.
4	Great service and friendly staff.  I had the tuna salad and the tuna was albacora fresh and the greens were the good kind and not just iceburg. I would recomend this place.
3	It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.
1	This place has gone downhill since the last owner, Mike, sold the business. Gone are the days of amazing food. The new owner is an a*shole, and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again.
5	Stopped in before a doctors visit and was very pleased. Victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job. I had a ham and green chile burrito that was delicious and was very affordable. Thanks for the wonderful food.
