4	"No Knife Needed"If you're a fan of true southern cuisine make sure you check out Mamma's Boy Cafe.  I just enjoyed smothered pork chops, mac & cheese and greens. The chops were true to their name, not fried and dipped in gravy like some other "soul food" establishments.  These chops were truly smothered in a killer gravy, seasoned to perfection and were so tender I only needed my fork to cut into them; reminded me of my grandmother's cooking.  Needles to say, I will be a regular and I'm looking forward to exploring their menu.  Kudos to the owner and his team!
4	Went to Mamma's Boy Cafe after a friend mentioned he'd been there for lunch.  OMG!  Fried Chicken was amazing!  Hot, well seasoned and delicious!  I had the greens and sweet potatoes for my sides.  The greens were just right with a little ham hock in there - the sweet potatoes were good too.  It's just really good.  The staff is amazing and welcoming.  The owner, Ty, swung by to make sure we were happy with our food!  Who does that?  Ty does.  I knew the desserts were good - we wanted banana pudding, but they were out - had the giant German chocolate cake instead - again, so good!!  Had enough for some the next day!  Go there - you won't be disappointed!
4	MADE THIS MOMMA'S BOY THINK HE WAS BACK IN THE 70s EATING MA-DEAR'S COOKING::My GF and I stopped by for a late lunch/early dinner. The Fried Chicken dinner with Cabbage, Black Eyed Peas & Corn Muffin (no sugar) was delish - us. The chicken had that authentic "homemade" taste to it (just like MaDear's). I tasted my GF's Catfish & Candied Yams which was also off the chain good. The slice of German Chocolate Cake my GF ordered to take home was super jumbo large! More than enough for us both to munch on for a day or two. The portions were good not huge (outside of the cake) and prices were very fair for a Soul Food Restaurant. Maybe i'm picky about paying high prices for something I can cook (in some cases) better than the restaurant. But Momma's Boy had the right balance of  quality, quantity and pricing. Will be visiting them again the next time we're too tired/lazy to cook at home. The only tip I have for them is to add some potato salad to their menu.BTW: I saw a Road Runner Food Delivery guy while we were there so you can order in also.
1	My boyfriend was extremely excited about going to this restaurant. He went last night. No bueno for him. I wish I could give no stars for this review. He had the catfish and macaroni meal. Told me it was oily and odd flavor but was open to finishing it. He was sick for over 3 hours. He got food poisoning. Throwing up in my car 4 times on the way to get my dinner two blocks away and back near home at the Walgreens on the corner-he threw up twice as I was getting him Ginger Ale and crackers and Advil for his fever and chills after each heavy heave. He had the shakes all night. Nothing but that horrible fish and mac n cheese came out of him. I felt so bad for him. He saved his appetite that morning just to have room for the meal. Don't eat the fish! Better yet find another "soul food" spot without  the vomit. Glad I passed on this meal instead of "passed-out" like he did.
5	Was eating here was an excellent experience? Chile it is the best soul food in Vegas. I'm from the dirty south trust this is a must buy eat & yelp.However the food is a tid bit over priced. It's great home cooking that you can title soul food. But the over all price just does not sit that well with me. From the pictures I posted you can see I got the catfish. The sweet potatoes were not sweet enough they had tons of strings. Not everyone can fix candy yams or sweet potatoes yet overall... It was so good I had it two days in a row. Minus the sweet potatoes...On the menu they have ribs catfish black eyed peas cornbread & a host of other southern items such as caramel cake. If u ask me this is the only place that has soul food in Vegas. Other places fall short & disappoint but this place is on point.
5	Words can't express how good/delicious the food is at Mamma's Boy! Ty, the owner has mastered perfection with his soul food dishes at this establishment.  This restaurant has THE BEST tasting soulfood in the state of Nevada...it is out of this world!!!  The servings they give are very generous.  I love love love the catfish, oxtail and gravy, chitterlings, pork chops and gravy, the yams, collard greens..and the list goes on. I can't get enough of this place..I eat here at least once a week.  If u like/love soulfood you must try Mamma's Boy!
2	I gave this place a whirl Saturday afternoon while E tried Weeziana across the way.  First of all, there was NO ONE there except one person eating.  Very quiet.  It took me about 5 minutes to get someones attention to wait on me.  I ordered the pork chops meal, not smothered.  The young lady just looked at me like I was crazy.  Then finally said is that all?  I said does it come with anything?  Ummm yea two sides.  Ok great, can I have the mac and cheese and the greens.  She said 8 minutes and that was fine by me.  I took the food home and couldnt wait to dig in.  The pork chops were seasoned perfectly.  I wish I could say the same for the greens and mac & cheese.  The mac and cheese tasted like Velvetta Shells and Cheese and they just threw it in the oven.  ICK.  The greens were flavorless.  No salt, no pepper, no nothing.  I was disappointed to say the least.  Nothing I would try again and surely not for $13.00.Sorry forgot to take pictures :(
4	A food court counter serving up smothered pork chops that can compete with Southern-style stars M&M Soul Food? Yes! The chops are fall-off-the-bone tender with a savory gravy that takes you back to Mississippi in a single bite.Menu has smothered and fried options, with sides including cabbage, collard greens, mac and cheese, and beans, with several dessert options including german chocolate and sweet potato. You don't go here to stick to a diet, you come to get a comforting meal that feels like a hug from the inside.Smothered chops plate ($12.50) is a huge portion with two sides, the collard greens are tender and tasty, while the mac is legitimately the cheesiest, cheddary-est ever. Like it was cheese overload, and I love cheese. Cornbread was straight-up Jiffy mix, which made me think of home but I'd prefer a better version.Service is quick, prices are affordable, portions are huge, and quality is good enough for a stand alone restaurant. Looking forward to their inevitable relocation and expansion!
3	I remember bookmarking Mamma's Boy Cafe a while ago, but I had no idea they'd been open for over a year. This was actually the first time I'd even been in the food court where they're located too. If you're like me and have never been here, this food court is a standalone building located on W. Charleston, just east of Rainbow. Everything inside, including Mamma's Boy is window ordering, and the seating is well, like a food court. For the location, the menu is much more extensive then I thought it would be. They offer a bunch of classic southern fried or smothered dishes, day specific specials, and even BBQ. The only thing I didn't see, but was hoping for, was some good ole fashioned chicken and waffles. So, if anyone at Mamma Boy's is reading... ;)Now, against my better judgement, I decided on a special that was advertised that day of a Seafood Goulash. The flavor was actually pretty good. It had a good broth that wasn't overall salty, and had a little bit of heat. But there was barely any substance. It was listed on the board as having hot links, chicken, shrimp, and crab legs. While not listed on the ingredients, there was also a bit of rice in there, but so little that it was kind of pointless. Besides a hefty amount of hot links, there was barely any meat in here. Much like the rice, there was so little chicken, it didn't do anything for the dish overall. And if you're going to call it a Seafood Goulash, give me more then 2 pieces of shrimp and 2 tiny crab legs. All of which were tough, and overcooked too. At $16 for a styrofoam bowl with no sides included, I was a bit disappointed.Luckily, Lore ordered the fried chicken that I was able to steal a bit from. Definitely not the best I've had, but it was done very well. The skin was nice and crispy, and the meat was super moist and flavorful. They've also got a decent hot sauce that I couldn't stop dipping the chicken in. It was also priced much better at just over $13 with all white meat, 2 sides, and cornbread. She had mac & cheese and potato salad, both of which were ok, but the cornbread was terribly dry. We also shared an order of banana pudding that was really good. Homemade, with big chunks of banana, and wafers that weren't too soggy. The portion was good too, for only $3.75. I'd definitely like to try some of their other desserts like the caramel cake and peach cobbler too.If you're in the area, this is definitely a spot worth checking out. But because they are in a food court, one where I've now got 3 other bookmarks, I don't know if it's somewhere I'd go on a regular basis. Even with that, the chicken was good enough for another visit and there's other items on the menu like catfish and smothered pork chops I'm curious enough about to return. Now, if they'd just add  chicken and waffles...
