3	Ryman Stationary only recently opened this branch in a very strategic place. Being so close to the University as well as elementary schools, there is a constant demand for stationary at affordable prices.Ryman delivers just that. It's a rather large store so you get your choice of binders, shredders and pens as well. It becomes a bit of a zoo at the beginning of term mind you.The flashy banners in the windows advertise the latest deal.(that is if you are interested in stationary and office furniture deals) It doesn't have much character, but you aren't going to spend that much time in it anyway.
4	I love stationary. Nothing makes me happier than starting a new term of Uni armed with a brand new pencil case full with highlighters, gel pens, scented gel pens, pencils, rulers, protractors, compasses and other stuff that I don't really need. At least I'm prepared.Ryman stationary stocks all your stationary needs for reasonable prices and on my last visit I stocked up on a few Pukka pads.
3	Ok this is only going to be a short review because I don't have much to say about this place. They sell all kinds of stationary. All the stationary you could want. Pens, pencils, highlighters, paper, card, laminating materials, files. I could go on, but you know what a stationary shop sells.Now as Anna says, it's strategically placed. It's really close to university, so it's a sure spot for students to get there stuff. And they seem to realise this so they've hiked their prices right up. It's way too expensive, and it seems a little exploitative. The staff were a bit hapless too if the truth be told. So if you're really desperate for some stationary go by all means. But if you've got time, shop around a bit, you'll get it way cheaper elsewhere. And this review ended up being quite long.
3	Hmm can you tell I've been buying a lot of stationary recently, given my recent reviews?!Ryman's is the old-reliable, no frills of stationary stores and will suit your office-stationary requirements. There's notebooks, pens, corkboards...in fact why am I listing this? Basically, anything you need for University, school or the office Ryman's will have it.It's not got many pretty things or fun stationary, and it's all a bit circa 2000s. There are other stationary stores that will do much prettier, fun statoinary for personal journals or crafty projects (like Paperchase or Paper Tiger). Although Ryman's does have a small stock of Cath Kidston notebooks and the like.This store is fairly large, and quite conveniently located in the midst of Nicholson Street for students. Nay bad.
4	Never that busy...The staff is quite helpful...Yay! Student discounts
