2	We came here tonight with a groupon deal, with my parent's in law... The food was good but the waiter was not friendly at all. Nobody except us were in the restaurant and the waiter didn't take time for us or make any smile. It seems that we were disturbing his peaceful evening. We suggest him to take another waiter/ess more friendly than him. The restaurant smell the toilet cleaning product too...eurkHowever the food was good so... we would like the ambiance to be as good...
4	*** I felt lucky to stumble upon that one. ***The place was much nicer than the exterior would lead us to believe. The waiter seemed to be a bit uneasy, but was very nice. And I liked the Bollywood songs that were playing ^_^.The food itself was awesome. Everything was tasty. The sauces with that dry bread, the chicken I had, the rice, the naan, the desert... Oh and the mango juice mixed with yogurt ? Yup, tasty again. Nothing seemed  It wasn't perfect, but I can definitely say that this experience was way above average for me. Everybody should go there once, see if they like it.
4	My hubby and I stumbled across Allo Inde our first night in Montreal on our honeymoon several weeks ago. We were the only ones there at around 6:30pm and they were one of the only open restaurants that we found to that point on Bishop Street (apparently Sunday is not a huge day to open or stay open past 3pm). The gentleman who waited on us was very friendly and congratulatory when he heard we were on our honeymoon. He wanted to give us some alcoholic drinks to celebrate, but we do not drink. His kindness was appreciated though! The food was really delicious. My husband is half Indian and we've had plenty of Indian/Pakistani dishes. The food here is wonderfully flavorful and they rely on the spices to bring out the delicious flavors instead of putting a ton of fat (oil/ghee/butter) in the dishes to make them taste better. We tried the lamb saagwala, chicken dhaksan and garlic naan. The raita tasted a little sour but we thought that might have been the way they make it or the type of yogurt used. I would definitely return here for that chicken dish - it was so amazing as was the lamb saagwala. Not as creamy as some in the US restaurants, but much better flavor. Definitely a fan!
