2	This is a super close to work so I decided to pop in for lunch. I have never been to a Port of Subs before.I got a small (5 inch) sandwich that was their limited time/special sandwich-bacon, turkey,provolone and avocado. They have the usual toppings that you can elect to have: lettuce, tomato, red onion. olives, etc. They also have the oil&vinegar, mayo, mustard, salt and pepper and they have dried oregano too. I got it as a meal with drink and chips and it was $8 and some change. The sandwich had fresh sliced meats, but it's not like it made a significant difference from any other deli sliced sandwich shops. The veggie toppings weren't as fresh. There was no lid on the mayo or mustard and salads (mac, potato and tuna salad) which makes it build a "crust" where it oxidized. Overall sandwich was just okay.For the price, and especially since Subway is across the street- I don't know how they make business. I was the only one there during prime lunch time with one to-go order. At least at subway I can get a $5 footlong of a sliced turkey sandwich and have half left for later. Same taste but more sauce ,bread, and topping selections there for a better price. Guess where I'm going for my next work lunch sandwich?
3	I love the Port of Subs. I fell in love after tasting their smoky cheddar. The cheese is so creamy, a bit sharp and full of flavor. I didn't eat here much before I was a vegetarian, but have been rocking the veggie subs here since that time. This location is one of the 2 locations nearest my home. This location is typically clean, but occasionally there are some sketch characters hanging around this location. Maybe its because there is a Wal-Mart next store...and I've seen my fair share of  the People of Wal-Mart website to know they usually have sketch characters shopping there :-P. Back to the unfortunately acronym-ed POS...I really enjoy the woman who seems to always be working here (maybe she is the owner??). She is super friendly and does not skip on the veggies. When I order a veggie sandwich, I would assume sandwich shops wouldn't skimp on the veggies, well some do, but not this one. My favorite part of any POS sandwich is the cheese. They have really good cheese. My fave is the smoky cheddar (as previously mentioned, but it  really does deserve another shout out), a close second is the provolone. The cheese here is no exception. Each and every delicious slice is laid out upon the fresh bread to make a little piece of heaven that will soon be enjoyed by my taste buds. Ok, now I am hungry. I only have 2 concerns with this Port of Subs. 1) They close super early (7pm or 8pm depending on if they've had a dinner rush)2) They do not accept the Port of Subs loyalty card. Ugh! That is no fun at all.
3	I have never ate at Port of Subs before, so I decided to stop by one day to buy lunch.I like how they slice their meats and cheese fresh, but damn, they are really stingy with everything inside your sandwich! I went with the medium (8") No. 5, which contained Smoked Ham, Turkey, and Smokey Cheddar Cheese. The cheese especially was sliced VERY thin, I could barely even taste it! I wish the lady who was working could have put more layers of meat in my sandwich as well, to make up for those thin slices. Maybe I just happened to come in on a bad day, but there is nothing special about this place. The sandwich tasted okay and got me full, but I can't think of any reason why I would want to come back. I am actually a fan of Jersey Mike's Subs. Same concept - they slice their meats and cheeses fresh. I have not visited a Jersey Mike's here in Vegas yet, but the locations I used to frequent when I lived in California were awesome! They would really load up your sandwich with all the ingredients, it always tasted good, and the employees were friendly! I should have spent my $6 across the street at Panda Express or even Krispy Kreme! Ah well, at least I can say that I finally tried Port of Subs.
