5	Clean, fast and friendly service. 'Nuff said
3	Three stars mainly because I love QT! But this one in particular was a disappointment the entire fountain drink selection was out of order half of the freezeoni selections were out of order and the parking lot didn't look like it had been washed in a week with spilt sugary drinks all over the ground. Not what I would expect from QTOtherwise keep up the good work!
1	This is the only Quik Trip in the entire Phoenix metropolitan area that is - like this one is.  Remember, 1st off, that this is a truck stop - it has truck parking and numerous diesel lanes in the rear for semi's to fill up.  First, the constant beggars.  Can I have a few dollars for gas?  Looking at the people, you adjudge they are more likely needing their next fix.  Customer service.  Several of the associates working at this particular location are extremely rude, including one David S, an "assistant manager", or so his name tag declares.  This place does NOT exude the classic, awesome "customer first" attitude that all other QT's I have been to - which are quite a large number of them all over the valley - has come to be associated with.  A lessor issue, but one that I am bringing up anyway because it affects me: no paper towels available on the truck fueling lanes.  They have paper towels for those filling up with gasoline on the other side of the building, but for unknown reasons, they removed the towel dispensers on the trucking lanes.  ??? I spent an average of $500 every time I go in there, I am pretty sure that there aren't any cars or even pickup trucks that come anywhere even close to that number.  I use paper towels, like most other people, to clean my windows.  There are no other truck stops in the area that do not have ample paper towels available on every single truck lane - Petro; Flying J; Loves even Liberty, that dive stop off of 59th avenue has towels!  The sign:  You must show your receipt on your way out.  You see, if you pull into a trucking lane, you have to go inside the store and give them payment first.  It's in the rear of the building.  If you want to buy drinks and chips, you have to go to the front of the building.  I don't mind going to the front of the building, that's not the issue.  The issue is the sign saying you must show proof that you paid for whatever items you are carrying out by having to show your receipt to the attendant/s in the back on your way out.  As if most truck drivers must be thieves is the only thing I take out of it.  I had a manager demand my receipt today on my way out, the crassness of the way he demanded me show it to him was offensive.  Showers.  Most truck stops have showers for the drivers, this "truck stop" has none.  Points card.  Take Love's for instance, They give you a card - if you want one - that accrues points every time you fill up your truck.  After yo get enough points, you can redeem them for all kinds of merchandise.  QT has no such thing.  I have a company fueling card, I can go to whatever truck stop I want to go to.  QT has no significant savings over other truck stops in fuel prices and if you want the perks that many truck stops give, you aren't going to find them here.  This is not a truck stop, in closing this.  If you are an OTR driver, don't bother with this place.  If you like good customer service regardless fo what you are driving, again: don't bother with this place.  If you want classic QT customer service, well, I just suggest go to any other QT and you won't have a problem.
3	What can you write for a Quick Trip store? Clean, right off the I-10, easy to find... I mean really we come here for gas and a soda. So yeah, it's serving it's purpose. I stop here a lot when heading in and out of the East Valley from the West Valley. I guess I like it if I stop here often. :)
5	I love QT!  I'm sad because there are none in my local market.This is by far and away the best gas station chain, period...
3	The employees are courteous, the location is super clean, but the food selection sucks and there are only three pumps for cars and light trucks who need diesel.
2	This part of Phoenix in a dump. This QT reflects the area it is in. It's QT so it better than other gas stations around but it's still one of the worst QTs I've seen.
3	Here is another Mini-Mart, Like I have said before they are all basically the same, some might have more inventory, some might be more cleaner, and some might be in a better location? We just stopped off to get some cash, what made things so much more convenient was that they had a chase ATM. Noticed there were a lot of traffic going in and out.
5	Stopped here on way home from Phoenix...it was sooo fantastic I was overwhelmed...I had that kid in a candy store feeling. So many choices..coffee, iced coffee, shakes, iced tea, slushies, soda..and the hot dogs and food choices..go on forever. Very clean and organized. Staff friendly and helpful. Give this place a shot..you won't be disappointed.
5	This QuickTrip gets 5 stars from me for great customer service! My sons and I filled up on gas, then went in to use the restrooms and pick out some snacks. The restrooms were large and well maintained. Service was quick and friendly. The best part of our visit was that when picking out a pastry and telling the staff that there was a fly landing on the products, they decided to remove ALL pastries from the display due to health concerns from fly germs. I'm not really worried about fly germs in particular, but it's nice to know that this QuickTrip cares about their customers enough to pull the product when needed.
