5	I have stumbled upon greatness in this boutique that belongs on Melrose or on the Moon instead of Town Square. I am hooked!  The clothes are stylish and reasonably priced considering they are so fashion forward and so well made. Phenom has something to make everyone look good. Hats from LA., T-shirts with funny slogans and beautiful women on them jeans button down tops going out clothes jewelry belts bags scarfscolorful watches And a million other things I can't remember. Oh, my favorite is a little change purse made out of a freakin cassette tape! How cool is that? I want everything in this damn store! When my friend and I lose thirty pounds I promised both of us fatties a shopping spree here.Vegas Yelpers, this store is where it's at so if you want to dress to impress or just want to look good get your arse down to Phenom before I buy the whole place!
5	The simple sign and tucked away location has kept this place a secret from me. While strolling around Town Square, without any place in mind, I came across this shop. I thought my love of frills was excessive, but this shop puts my wildest imaginations to shame. Some shirts looked like they grabbed a hot glue gun and went crazy with rhinestones. Avoiding the sparkles for men, they had plenty more simple, yet special designs.The prices are steep, but they are no more than full price Banana Republic or Express. Also you are guaranteed that you will not see everyone running around in the same or similar looking items. They also carry an even amount of sizes that spans the spectrum. Sometimes, boutiques lean more towards the model demographic, but there were a good supply of S to XXL.
5	This is a fabulous store! I so completely love this store!  The people are great, in fact, it doesn't get any better then "Phenom"!
5	Holy cow!  Why has it taken us a year to discover this place?  If it hadn't been for the rain today, my husband and I may never had set foot into this shop--- it would have been our loss!Men's and women's clothing that you won't find in the chain stores, some fabulous accessory lines, and the cutest onesies I've ever seen!If you are looking for something to wear that won't be on every other person in tour office, this is THE PLACE to go.  Price point vary, which is another thing we loved.  She has several lines of the most adorable dresses I've seen in a long time.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I love this store! They have really great clothes and wonderful customer service. Their summer dresses are exactly what I've been looking for and their men's clothes are fun too. Can't wait to go back!
1	Not at this location anymore. Website and phone down...out of business?
1	I went to go visit today - the shop is gone and I can't find any information as to when or why :( Their website is gone too. What happened?! :( :( :(
