3	Former La Collina Cucina Italiana is now Carmine's on the Hill.I don't know how it was before, because this was the1st time visiting, but my dining experience was not up to par.   I don't want to bash too much since I would really like to give them a second chance and really like the place. ...So please look for an update soon. ^^
4	Been here many times when it was La Collina and have been here since it has changed names over to Carmine's.  As long as they have my Rigatoni LaCollina (rigatoni pasta in a tomato cream sauce with ham, peas, mushrooms, diced onions), I don't care.  I have turned so many of my friends on to this pasta dish I should be getting royalties.  My twist is that I have it with linguine instead of rigatoni but hey, to each their own.  The place is a good size place with a nice view, prices are reasonable, and parking is easy.
5	This place was amazing.  First of all, it's a wonderful location.  I arrived after most of my party, and they seated me immediately, and quickly offered a drink and a menu.  The staff smiled and was very attentive and friendly.  Despite ordering late, my food arrived just a minute or so after the rest of the party's food did, and it was wonderful.  I ordered a creamy shrimp and scallop dish that I do not recall the name of exactly, but I'd recommend it.  Ask for a little oregano and some olive oil on the side, and add it to your taste.  Amazing.  (I'm a little particular in the tastes I look for, obviously... )Also, the location is great.  It's on a hill overlooking the Las Vegas area, and the windows were so wide as to make the best use of this view.  It was spectacular.  You could gaze into the clear skies for hours.  They also have a bar area and a gaming area with their own players club, but neither of those things interested me, so I don't have a review for those.  But the food and the service was very good.  The decor was nice, as well, with wooden tables and wine racks, and stone elsewhere, but I didn't notice it as much as the view..
3	it was pretty good last time we went - but they're now CLOSED....
1	RIP. This place is now closed down. It is turning into another Lindo Michoacan.
