5	Amazing food! Great friendly staff. Romantic place for two or a quick up scale dinner.
4	This place is part of the Radisson Hotel Phoenix Airport. The service was decent and the food was good. I had a healthy breakfast wrap that featured quinoa, egg whites, feta cheese, and spinach. It came with a side of fruit. Yum! I would eat at this place again.
5	Seriously fantastic!!!  I wasn't expecting much given they are in the lobby of the hotel, Radisson by Phoenix Airport.  The hotel had given me a coupon good for free appetizer, drink or dessert with purchase of an entree.  At most, I was expecting mediocre hotel food.The decor is nice, and the place had been busy  in the evenings on my previous two nights of stay here.  On my third night, I decided to go downstairs and give it a try because I was too tired to drive out.  I opted for the Chicken Wings as an appetizer (for my coupon), and then did the Cheeseburger (comes on a Pretzel bun) with salad instead of fries.The chicken wings came out and they were huge, maybe 10 or so, totally excellent.  Not too spicy, but spicy enough.  They were crispy but not burnt crispy and the sauce was excellent.  I was going to ask for a to go box when I first saw them since I thought I wouldn't be able to eat them all plus my entree, but I devoured them all!The burger and salad came out next.  The salad was nicely presented in a bowl and looked like it had radishes and some cheese and tomatoes, but I knew I couldn't finish the burger let alone the salad, so I asked for it to be boxed up which Erica the server quickly did.   The burger was absolutely fantastic, cooked perfectly at medium well and tasty.  The pretzel bun was amazing, not like some pretzel buns you get when they are way to hard and chewy.  Tomatoes and lettuce were fresh and tasty too.The service was great.  It was a slow night in the restaurant, but I was there at 6 pm and the hotel seemed to be pretty empty.  If I lived here, I would totally make the trip over just to eat here.   It was fantastic, especialy since you pay $11 for crap burgers at places like Red Robin and this was only $12 for the burger.  The free appetizer promotion was great, but I totally would have paid full price for the wings cause the were great.And btw... I have never came home and went right to the computer and raved about something, but I am a big fan of the underdog and I think for those as myself who snub their nose at hotel food should definitely check this place out.
