4	Can be expensive but is clean and people are friendly. I save alot of money by signing up for the rewards program.
1	Will never shop there again. Worst customer service ever. Went and bought muscle tech protein and had to return it do to swallowing large chunks of something rubbery in the protein. Drove back the next day and exchanged it for lean body protein. What do you know, large chunks of this nasty rubbery substance in them as well. Went back to return it and she told us that all the protein is from the summer and had been out in the Arizona heat during shipment and that's probably what did it. I almost threw up in my mouth but she didn't seem to care one bit. Before I left, I grabbed some Atkins m&m's and I could hear them rolling around in the box and the box was also pretty damaged. I brought them to the front desk and she said," hmm, that's weird," and put them back on the shelf. Reallly??!!! All of the male employees are ZERO help and are constantly on their phones texting and Facebooking away. When you ask a question, they look at you as though you have disturbed their precious time. And to top it all off, after two batches of nasty defective protein they would only give us store credit no refund. We have been shopping with vitamin shop forever and just recently moved so had to switch locations. It's been so bad I refuse to shop at any vitamin shoppe ever again. Heed my warning and stay away.
5	I love this place it's become a routine to stop in before every workout to get my preworkout drink . The staff is great they greet me by name and always ask what I'm about to train. They always inform me of the newest sale/clearance items and give me samples without asking. The prices are actually pretty low for a corporate store. Always ask them to check their online price so they can match it, you'll save a lot. Their healthy awards card is a great free service that earns you store credit the more you shop. It is also one of the better looking supplement stores I've seen, the layout is nice it's not to hard to find what you need. They are pretty good with returns if you ask me. I bought a new flavor of my usual go-to protein which tasted awful. They let me exchange it for a flavor I know I like even without my receipt. Overall great store A++
5	The Vitamin Shoppe is one of the best health stores I have visited in a long time, Tim greeted me as I entered in the store, I asked him about some pro-biotic for my Diverticulitis, and he was very knowledgeable about the different varieties. I can not wait to visit again.
