3	I recently stayed at the Pittsburgh Marriott City Center Hotel for a wedding. Expecting the usual staid hotel bar, imagine my surprise when I stumbled in there for "after the other bar" drinks on the way up to my room and found a bustling bar at 1am. It helps that it's one of the closest bars in proximity to the Penguin's arena, but still, it's a hotel bar that people actually go to. Due to the fact that brasserie and wine bar are now tacked on to the name, they think they can charge $9+ for glasses of wine. I'm not so into that b/c it's Pittsburgh. The Stoli and sodas were a more reasonable $6 and some change (compared to the neighborhood place down the street where I could get a Stoli and a beer for $6). Anyway, the crowning glory of the Steelhead was their chicken strips and fries plate that is served late night. The manfriend declared them possibly the best chicken strips he had ever had (see we don't always just eat crudo and cassoulet). More than one plate may have been consumed during the course of the weekend, but what can I say? I do hazily recall laughing with some people at the Jackass video on the tv, which was fine with me. It's a very unique mix of P-town locals, hotel guests, and after the game people hanging out. 3.5 stars for a good time.
3	We stumbled back to this place to close out the evening a couple times while staying in Pittsburgh, and it was worth stumbling to. The patrons were friendly, there was no shortage of sports on TV, and the beefcake waitress didn't let a single Yuengling get under a quarter-tank before I had a fresh cold one on the way. All that, and the prices weren't too absurd. A fine hotel bar.
3	I've eaten here only before a Penguins game (which has been more than a dozen times) when they have a limited game-day menu and appetizer bar to help get you in and out to your seat by the time Jeff Jimerson is warming up.The appetizer bar is hit and miss, some things are good, but others are just ok.  There's always a salad option, and they've added a cheese tray which is welcome.  They have pasta available and you can put your choice of sauce on top.  If you want to can just order the app bar, and there is enough there to make a meal, but I'm not sure if it's worth the price.For a place named after salmon, I'd say theirs is only a little better than average.  I've had black cod here a few times (a more recent menu addition) and it's very good.  As far as wine goes, their selection is really weak considering they are branded as a wine bar.  Also, the prices are not good.  You can do much better elsewhere.For a nice dinner before a Hockey Night in Pittsburgh, I prefer The Carlton because you get your parking taken care of and the wine selection is much more expansive and better priced.
2	Bleeeeh.  Desperate to escape from the dinner at my hotel bar yet again, I opted for...dinner at a different hotel bar!  I was lured by "brasserie" and "wine bar".   If you're following along, you know that I should really know better.  I learned an interested factedote today--PA liquor laws force restaurants to buy wine at the same price that it retails.   That might explain the wackadoo pricing all over town, and especially at this place.   I'm getting incredibly sick of places that call themselves "wine bars" that serve Mark West Pinot Noir, Sterling Merlot and Chateau St. Michelle Chardonnay.  Not all of these suck, but not exactly what one looks for in a wine bar.  The food.  Why call yourself a "brasserie" if you're serving average american hotel food?  My "pan roasted chicken served over fresh pasta" was a big old bowl of fettucine alfredo with chicken hunks and some artichoke hearts and mushrooms thrown in for flavor.  The blowhard next to me, talking at me, made me flee with the check as soon as I could.
3	Who the hell stops at a Brasserie and Wine Bar before going to an Arena Football game?  Five hungry females who need a meetin' & eatin' place before the game, that's who!  Despite its pretensions to the contrary, this is a glorfied casual hotel bar & grill.  Meaning of course they jack the prices up a little.  The food here isn't bad, just a little pricey for what you get.  Entrees start at $24.00, sandwiches at $9.00.  They have a special game day menu to get you in-n-out quickly if you're going to an event at the Consol Energy Center.  But the GFs and I were here early enough to order from the regular menu.  I ordered the Marriott Burger which came in at $10.00 with fries.  Thing is, if you want to substitute a small salad like I did, that'll set you back another $3.50.  Places like this really nickel-n-dime you, that's for sure.  I don't drink, so I can't comment on the wine bar here.  As I said, food's not bad here, just a little pricey.
3	Went here for dinner tonight because I didn't feel like walking far and beats the horrible Doubletree Bigelow Grill.  They have a limited menu and even more limited when the Penguins are at home. I had a filet mignon steak with mushrooms and fries for $30.  Glad I ordered it medium-rare because it was closer to medium.  Would have expected a baked potato or mashed potatoes.   Had a side order of Broccolini (new to me - it is long stemmed broccoli) for $6 and a bowl of clam chowder for $8 (decent).  They didn't provide any bread which was surprising.  I ended it with white chocolate mousse with orange whipped cream, gingerbread and pistachios. If you have a Pittsburgh entertainment book you get 20% off and they also are on the b1G1F card.  Other items on the menu:  Burger, turkey burger, Chicken sandwich, Salmon, Short ribs, pasta and a few salads/appetizers. They mentioned a buffet before the Penguin games.
4	Was visiting PA for a business trip and stayed at the Marriott downtown. Checked in the hotel around 9:20pm and was recommended to try the restaurant by the concierge. Was greeted very warmly by our server. Ordered their chips and onion dip to start with as appetizers and was pleasantly surprised that the onion dip was one one the best ever. Then ordered the Braised Beed ribs and they were made to perfection. The reduction sauce, mashed potatoes and veggies were simply awesome and hearty. I would highly recommend this place.
4	Great job and great service.  I have been coming to the Steelhead for almost a year now and I have yet to be disappointed.  The staff is amazing and the changing menu is always a treat.  You must try the Braised Short Ribs (thankfully, even with the menu changes this dish always persists - I wonder why)!
4	I am a regular guest at the Marriott City Centre and so have got to know the staff here.  They are a great bunch of folks and are particularly good at getting Pens fans adequately ready to go to a home game.  Ethan, even though he knows I am a Ranger fan, has been great to us and I could not think of a better place to go anytime - warm and welcoming atmosphere.  Thanks, Ethan!  Go, Rangers!
3	Slightly dated interior design - good friendly service and decent, predictable hotel food.
3	Looking for a nearby establishment to enjoy a beer and watch the MLB playoffs, I stumble across the Steelhead, an upscale bar with friendly wait staff. I enjoyed my time there but see nothing special with it. Know that I am willing to pay for experience - and offer the following. Be prepared to pay $5 for domestic draft beers that excludes gratuity. My experience was no more special than another bar that serves adult beverages in front of tvs. I did not eat at the bar, and wouldnt because I saw the typical deep fried cheese and chicken strips that are sold at any tavern, ugh...and would probably be charged a premium. I did enjoy being around people who were overall nicely dressed and well behaved, and my bartender was very nice, professional, and well educated.
4	My co-worker and I had a great lunch at the Steelhead today.  I got the Light & Simple 1/2 Turkey BLT and 1/2 Garden Vegetable Salad meal.  The Turkey BLT was excellent.  The turkey was fresh and plentiful.  The bacon was perfect and the lettuce and tomato were fresh.  My 1/2 garden vegetable salad was very good.  The Champagne Vinaigrette dressing was perfect.  I highly recommend trying this place if you are in Downtown Pittsburgh.  The only thing is that they are a little pricey.
3	We stopped here before a 1:00 Saturday Pens game.  Almost every table was filled with Pens fans. Friendly service, draft beer specials and an above average kitchen for a hotel bar.  Why pay out the wazoo for run of the mill stadium food and beer in the Console Center when you can have a good sit down lunch and drinks for a lot less right across the street?
1	So my dad and I are in pittsburgh for the penguins playoff game tomorrow. We got in and decided to stay at the Marriott this restaurant is in. After we were done unpacking, we went downstairs and decided to eat at this restaurant. I was greeted very politely by the manager who sat us down. He told us that our server would be right with us and that if there was anything wrong with out experience to associate with him. So our server came and greeted us. My father ordered a red zin wine and this is were everything came to a disaster. I don't want to bad talk the server because he was really nice and it wasn't his fault but the bars. First he gave my dad a white wine. Ha that's funny because zins are red. So my dad told the waiter that he ordered a red not a white wine and the server gave us his Sincerest apologizes and took it back. Another waiter asked if he ordered a merlot, to which my father said no and told them what he ordered. So the other waiter apologized and left. Finally my dad got his wine and we ordered an appetizer. We ordered the chips and onion dip which our server said was homemade. He brings us the chips and they look like they have been pulled out of a factory made bag. I could tell it was not homemade. Not only that but we got like 5 chips! When someone says something is homemade I expect it to be homemade. So we order dinner, we ordered the same thing. The bacon cheeseburger. I expect a lot from any burger I eat because I know good for bad in that department. I could tell the meat was most likely steamed as it looked white-ish. My dad enjoyed it but I thought it was terrible. I asked the waiter for a side of aioli for my fries and he went to go fetch it. But you know what he came back with? Bacon jam. Seriously? How do you mess that up? So we eat then we decided to try dessert. I got the ice cream sandwhich which was expresso ice cream with some sort of salty sweet chocolate thing to put on top and bottom of it. It was way to salty to be considered a dessert. My dad ordered a cobbler. He said the ice cream was good but the cobbler was absolutely terrible. I do not recommend this place and will not ever come back here.
2	The waitress was super slow so much so we abandoned our table and walked up to the bar. The food was medi-ocre and overpriced. The bartender on the other hand was pretty good. I give him 3 1/2 stars.
3	Just ate there before a Pens game. It was just ok all around. The food was ok. The price was ok. The service was meh. However, I did notice our server merely sweep off a table to reset it for the next guests...so gross. Wipe it down, bro.
