5	I have been to dozens of nail spots around the valley, never feeling fully satisfied with the end result. That was until a friend recommended I come to Glad. The manager and nail techs create an inviting atmosphere . They really know how to make your hands and feet look beautiful. They take pride in their work, which means you won't regret your decision to go there. I won't go anywhere else! I
5	I had a pedicure and gel manicure here and loved it. The pedicure was the basic for $22 and it was great. I was in the chair for over 30 mins and never felt likeI was being rushed off for not upgrading. Everyone was really nice and the salon was super clean. Will definitely go back.
3	The owner is very nice, but they need new polish and gel nail dryers.  The salon is getting a little tired.  The tools the use are looking old.  The polish is thick and needs to be replaced.  I just got a french manicure with a gel coat and it already chipped in 6 hours.   I think that means.... their product is old or..... their equipment is shabby ...or the nail tech did a poor job.
1	I've been going here for gel manicures for about 2 months. They do a good job and are priced well. With that said, I will NOT step foot in Glad Nails again. I made a 10am appointment for a Saturday morning, when I arrived they were slammed but did put me at a table where someone prepped my nails to soak off the old gel. That was the last time ANYONE sat with me. I was ignored by those finishing up other clients and after 20 minutes of soaking, I walked out. They do NOT ensure your appointment is saved. Frustrated, nails look like garbage and now I have to find a new nail place... Lovely...
5	I've been going here for years! They keep the place clean and up to date! They usually always squeeze me in if needed. Only recommend that you find a favorite tech and stick with them. Everyone has a different style and way of doing things. I used to be a nail manicurist so I am more critical than the norm! :)
5	I love this salon! They are always super friendly and accommodating, even if they are busy. Their staff is very friendly and they do a wonderful job on my nails. They are very clean and even use the plastic tub liners for the pedicure tubs. They don't have to do this, however they have decided to step up the precautions to ensure the sanitation.  The designs they do are always super cute though.
5	I also love this salon. The owner and his wife run a tight ship.  The use liners in the pedicure sinks. Very clean and lovely people
2	I've been here a couple of times. They are very friendly staff. I would recommend getting a pedicure or gel polish done here. But don't even think about coming for an acrylic set. They don't listen to anything you say let alone acknowledge you. My manicurist kept getting up and walking around the shop or paused to get a candy from the front. Ridiculous.
1	This place was unclean.The woman that did my nails stabbed my toe and it is now infected. She was really rough pulling my hands while doing a manicure and had my leg bent because she was so lazy. Worst pedicure ever.
5	Always friendly & accommodating. Very clean & excellent work. Would recommend for mani & pedicures! This is my go to nail salon.
5	I drive well out of my way to Glad Nails every three weeks to get my nails and pedi. Would not even think of going to any other nail salon. Anton is the best. I am very picky about my nails and he always does them perfectly. Thank you Anton.
5	I LOVE this nail salon!!! Had one of my absolute best pedicures yesterday!  Not one scraggly piece of skin left on toes or cuticles, calluses gone, exceptional attention to detail. And, a friendly and happy environment.  The owners are wonderful people and run a tight ship. Pedicures and manicures last for weeks. I send my clients here because I am confident they will get a fantastic job done. You will not be disappointed!  Helen F.
1	I have been going to glad nails for over 5 years now and usually had a ok- great pedi depending on the nail tec. Last month I received horrible service and pedi. It was done by one of the male tecs. He performed the wrong pedi and told me that I could not change to the sea salt one because he already put lotion on my leg. Then he put the wrong color on. No tip and never will be back. Just found a new nail salon on Happy Valley Rd.  They are awesome and use hot rocks in their pedi service.
