5	This place is truly unbelievable. For $6-7.50 you get a massive sandwich and a side salad or a side of fries. They also serve breakfast.Now, normally, a chicken bacon ranch wrap is nothing to write home about. The bathroom reeks of cigarettes, the decor is decidedly 80's. But here I am, starving in Brookline, and the pizza guy gave me a dirty look when I asked if they sold pizza by the slice. I gotta eat somewhere!Between all the traveling I did in college and high school for sports, I became quite the sandwich and wrap connoisseur. I can say unequivocally that Tisha's wrap is truly the best I've had in my life. The spicy flour the chicken was dredged in was light with just enough zing without being overpowering. The oil was clearly fresh and delicious; the chicken wasn't fried and then "fried again" when I ordered it, which results in a greasy disgusting mess. You've never hear the words "fried" and "light" in the same sentence - until now.The chicken, along with tomatoes, bacon, ranch and lettuce, were stuffed into a truly massive tortilla. The bacon was crispy without being overdone. The lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp - a tall order considering it's snowing outside. I wasn't expecting much, but the tortilla was crisped and flaky - did they make their own tortillas? Apparently according to a PG review they make their own bread, so they either make their own tortillas or get them from Las Palmas close by. But dear sweet Jesus was this a tortilla for the ages.She set it down in front of me and said "sorry, I tend to overstuff them". What kind of saint apologizes for too much food? I wanted to kiss her on the mouth. I'm used to Pittsburgh Portions, but this was epic. I could only eat half.Now, onto the salad. Normally a side salad is a puny piling of greens. Not this one! Its served in a medium (not small) sized bowl consisting of iceberg and a ton of tomatoes and chopped bell peppers, and perhaps carrots too (I can't recall). She plopped down extra napkins without me having to ask.This place is unreal. I'd go back here in a hearbeat. Will Brookline become the next foodie heaven? Food done to perfection with a huge  portion size is a very rare thing indeed.
5	I have been living in Brookline for 5 years and JUST discovered this gem. If you like classic (but sophisticated) home-cooked meals for an unbelievable price, than Tisha's is your place! The environment is totally relaxed and nothing is better than arriving there with a starving appetite in sweat pants on a Saturday morning. I am a huge fan, especially for the value.
4	I stopped at TIsha's to kill time before the library down the street opened (CLP-Brookline).  I had a coffee and pretended to read a book...while actually eavesdropping on the locals.1.) The coffee was excellent enough to drink black.  No milk, no sugar, no frou-frou flavored syrup.  Strong but not too bitter--just the way I like it.2.) The regulars all stopped talking to look at me when I walked in, which was amusing.  But their conversations quickly resumed and were really interesting--the who's cheatin'/Pittsburgh sports gossip you can only get a true down & dirty diner.Put it this way: I was so thrilled with the experience that I tipped more than double my (small) bill.
4	Simple and delicious. Like eating at home
4	I ended up going to this wonderful little place, when I was distressed that the Dor-Stop was ridic. Using my Yelp app I hit the nearby button and it popped up. I'm really glad it did!  While this is small place, it's comfortable and the staff is friendly.  Upon walking in we were told we could sit wherever.  The waitress came over promptly and in no time we have hot cups of coffee.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with home fries, and my bf got a breakfast combo that consisted of eggs, home fries, and french toast.  Everything was hot, fresh, and yummy. My burrito was so big I could finish. The eggs in it were fluffy and delectable! Staff was friendly and efficient.  My coffee cup and water were never empty. We did have to wait a bit to pay our bill, but a few tables sat at once, and the server was pretty busy. Not a big deal. I will definitely be coming back!
4	great fish, great coffee, don't order the fish if you aren't hungry!  good friendly service.
2	Mr. Tara again...Uh, I'll try to be nice here, but this was the most disturbing place I've ever eaten breakfast at. I think they mean well enough but I would never come back.Comparing this to the Dor-Stop is insanity, unless you're saying how much you wish you would have gone back to to Dor-Stop instead of experimenting with trying another place for b-fast. And not sure what other posters are saying but the coffee really did suck. Typical watery crap. The pancakes weren't too bad tho...
4	Huge portions, great service! Decor is really outdated, but overall a good place to get a big breakfast on a Sunday morning!
