1	This place has no concept of good customer service. Brought a machine in for maintenance and repair, returned to me with same problem PLUS a new one.  There is no way they could have missed the new problem if they were paying attention. When I brought it back not only did I not get an apology for it not being fixed or having a new problem, my machine was put back at the end of the line of other repairs.   When I asked if it was done yet, I was told they are busy with other repairs. If you are supposed to fix something and don't, you put it at the front of the line and make sure you fix it before you work on any other machines. That's only common sense and good customer service. I'd be out if business if I treated my clients like that. Had my machine for way too long. Would have been longer if I didn't keep calling and bugging them. After weeks of this crap they finally said it needed a part (which they should have known when I first brought it).  Part never came in but they never checked on why they never received it until I called and asked them to call and find out. Ended up having to resend the part. My machine never did work right - still had same problem but there is no way I was going to bring it back.  I had another company fix it.  it took them 2 days and it works perfectly!Will NEVER do business with again. Felt like an invaluable customer the first time I went in a year ago so I should have know better.Now that I tell people I hear other stories about the bad service that was received there.  Wish I would have heard that first!
5	I have had excellent service here.  I took my machine in an hour before closing because it refused to sew properly.  The owner stayed an hour after closing to make sure she fixed my machine.  Somehow I had gotten lots of thread tangled in the machine, and she had to take off the housing and other items I can't name, but I took it home the same day and went right back to sewing. I would not take my machine anywhere else.
1	There are businesses that give you a sense  of courtesy and kind service, even over the phone. This is not one of them.I was given an obvious condescending attitude for just asking questions over the phone. I know I'm new to the sewing world but I was talked down to and rudely, most likely because I did not buy from them previously. Maybe I'm not worth their time then I guess. Therefore I do not need to spend any money with this business.
1	Well. I purchased a machine a few years ago and it's been fine  however my husband went in and purchased some sewing needles that had to be  ordered. Well we ordered them on June 27 and month later we are still waiting. I have contacted the owner at least 3 times a week for the last 3 weeks, She has excuse after excuse. I am pretty positive that I will not be doing business with her again. Moral of the story, if you are spending $1000 on a sewing machine, she is on the spot but if you are purchasing $40 worth of needles,  she has not time for you.
