4	If you're looking for a comprehensive collection of fine art/ drafting supplies and a great framing department, and are willing to spend a little extra to support a local business, then look no further; Cheap Joe's is for you. Quality paint and canvas, good collection of printmaking supplies, pen and pencil collections to tempt you, they even sell silkscreen by the yard! Staff is smart and friendly. This is by far my favorite art supply store in the area. And like the reviewer before me said; don't come here looking for candy-making materials and silk flowers, you'll be disappointed.
4	I know just enough about art to be considered dangerous, I think.  i took all the classes in high school and college.So while on a budget and looking to get back in touch with my creative side, an art gallery owning friend and artist recommended Cheap Joe's.The staff was extremely helpful as I muddled my way through what I needed to get started and made great and inexpensive recommendations for me to begin my career as an artist.I even got a few tips on color mixing and shadowing a subject that have been helpful.
5	Love the selection of materials, though something tells me the would order something if you really need it.  I mostly go here for the pre-streched canvases, but Cheap Joe's definitely is a big help with my paintings that I do.  I used to deal with having to drive around Charlotte looking for the best deals on canvases and paint, but this is the only place I go now for supplies.Location is convenient, but watch out for rush hour traffic on Monroe Rd.  Plenty of parking.  And remember this place is closed on Sundays!
4	I really enjoyed a recent visit to Cheap Joe's.  This place isn't a craft store - as others have said it caters more to the fine arts.  I liked that I could go in an easily find what I needed.  The store is medium sized and well organized.  I spent most of my time in the acrylics aisle and I was impressed by the displays for the compounds that allowed you to see the resulting texture and what not - very helpful!They have a private label line for major products.  I opted for some private label Cheap Joe's canvas and they are working out well for me so far.Caution: you can easily drop a lot of cash here!
5	Since I am a nail tech, I get my shader brushes here.  They have a great selection of quality brushes for a reasonable price.If you have kids in school that need their canvases this  is a great place to get them, due to the fact you can buy them by the case for less than $20.
4	Awesome little art store. Don't let the name fool you, the prices are low, but the quality of products aren't "cheap". They have everything you would expect at, say a Urecht, well not everything, they had no L shaped ruler... Anyways, the purpose of my visit was originally to get an easel since my old one was broken. The had a rather nice selection of easels and drafting tables, however the selection was a little too nice. The cheapest one I could find was $90, which isn't bad, but I didn't want to spend that much.After deciding to look else where for a more simple easel, I walked around a bit to examine their goods. Some time had gone by when I had came across a sign, for a sale on canvas. Not just a sale, some of the best deals I had EVER seen on canvases. I picked up a 5 pack  of 16x20 stretched canvas for around $25! They even had huge 46x72 (approximately) for under $100.All be it I didn't get what I came in for. I have found a great place to buy canvas! This should be a first stop when shopping for art/craft supplies.
2	I've been purchasing from Cheap Joes for over two years now as I am an artist always looking for supplies at a good price.  I live in Minneapolis so I order from their store online.  Prices are competitive and shipping is average.  I've had a bad experience recently where I ordered a $500 artograph projector,  I unfortunately received one with a faulty fan and called them immediately.  They informed me that they would be sending a new one and that I would be getting a packing slip to send the old one back.  I thought their customer service was pretty good and helpful at this point and although I was disappointed in not being able to use the projector that day I was fine with it.  They said they would be sending it off Friday and I should be getting it by the next week.  I never got a tracking number or anything so I went on their website the following week on a  Wed wondering what was going on.  I used their live chat assistance on their website and was told my projector was not sent because whoever assisted me had not written down that I approved the plan to have the new projector sent out to me.  I was told it would now be sent out today and I would be receiving a tracking slip and that I would be receiving it the next week.  I never got any apologies from the staff and now have had to delay my time in my studio for three weeks.  I find that I will still be purchasing from Cheap Joes,  but only things I don't need immediately as their prices are very good although they seem unorganized and unapologetic for their inconveniencing.
4	Quality Pallet Knives, Brushes and Paints!!!  Here is why I am a fan... ADVICE!!!  The staff is very friendly and helpful, many are Artists so you can ask them and they can speak from experience!  Over the years I have gotten so much help from the different folks here I could not put a price on the value of information!
3	As an artist, I love this store. But I only draw cartoon style. They have so many things that it's hard to look through everything! But that makes it great.I would definitely go back if I had a reason to. Their selection is so wide and you literally find anything you want to make whatever your heart desires. I also love the stores where they have a big shelf of colored sharpies, and all the customers write whatever they want on that shelf. Big fan.
