4	Great for a quick meal at the airport. Of course you should set your expectations straight - this is the "fast food" of the cheese-steak world and the food will not amaze you.
5	I don't know if it was because it had been three days in Vegas or what but the cheesesteak sandwich I grabbed to take on my flight with me was absolutely delicious.  I felt a little awkward eating something so messy with people sitting next to me but I didn't care.  It definitely hit the spot.  And if the greese seeping through the bottom of the bag doesn't state how delicious it is, I don't know what would :-)
2	Don't get the fries they're AWFUL. I'm not the only one that's way overdue for an oil change. The cheesesteaks aren't awful, they're just bad, pretty standard airport fast food.The space was filthy with trash on the floors and all the surfaces were dirty and sticky. They were one of the only places open in the B terminal at 7:45 on a Saturday night, so it's where we went.
4	A better place to eat at Las Vegas airport. 4 stars compared to what else is available. It can be a bit of a wait. However, the steak sandwiches are made to order. $8 for this was reasonable, for an airport. Add $4 for fries and a drink.
3	Totally and completely average. At least it was hot and prepared quickly.
2	Don't let the name fool you, the cheese steaks here are NOT the same quality at the other Great Steak & Potato franchises in your local mall's food court.  In fact, I would eat at McDonalds or Burger King over the steak sandwiches at this location anytime.  My cheese steak consisted of a stingy sprinkle of cheese on a soggy bun with very well done chewy steak.  They obviously don't make each sandwich to order and cook the meat well ahead of time.  I hope corporate does something to improve the quality at this location, the food sold here is a poor representation of what the Great Steak chain has to offer.
2	After a horrible burrito experience, the husband and I came here hoping to split a steak sandwich that was better.  Clearly this is a chain and we knew what to expect.  Compared to other Great Steak & Potato locations, this place is somewhat of a disappointment.First, the prices are ridiculous.  I know I'm in an airport, but there needs to some reasonableness in the prices.  Second, the food was absolutely greasy.  I know great steak usually is a bit greasy, but by the time we got our sandwich from the line to our table it had soaked through the paper.  They did not ask if we wanted lettuce and tomato and just put it on anyway.  The fries themselves were mediocre, but the cheese  for them was old and a bit stale tasting.  The place was dirty and not well maintained.  It was awful compared to other locations of the same chain.
3	Ok, so I would not usually seek out the GS&P, however when you are flying home from a drunken weekend in Vegas, it is surprisingly good.  The bread seemed freshly baked, and I opted for the mushrooms and peppers.  Considering your other choices on this end of the airport, you might want to stop in and grab a steak sandwich and some pretty good fries.  Grab some napkins, cause it is going to get messy.
5	Was here on Sunday after a wild Labor Day weekend in Vegas waiting for my flight back to the bay area.  The steak sandwich was SOOOOOOOO good.   Of course the meat was over cooked, but the sandwiched just hit the spot.   My only suggestion would be to put the mayo on the bread, since those little peel off packs just don't cut it, lol...   Also, the fries were pretty good too, helped absorb the vodka from the night before.
1	Never again.  The cheese steak was bad.  The meat was dry and tastless and the cheese was also tasteless.  The bun got really soggy and gross.
3	Whether you're flying out of Sin City as a millionaire or flat a** broke save at least $6 for breakfast at Great Steak and Potato.  The potatoes cost $2 and a sandwich is around $4.  Everything was cooked fresh with minimal grease!  The serving size was huge enough for two people to share.  Great Steak and Potato is located in terminal B (B17).
1	Greasy and slow service. It was too icky for me to finish it. Usually I like the food from this chain but, I don't think they had cleaned their hotplate at all so the grease was dirty from all the prior cooking. You have been warned.
3	For the choices that are available at this terminal... this is probably the best choice, but the fries were below average.  The meat was tasty but didn't provide much.
1	I am enraged with the stupidity of this business and it's employees. Terrible service. All unhealthy choices. If you want a salad: $8 for lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber (+$3 to $4 for meat add-ons) I wanted a salad with grilled veggies as an add-on and the lady said the ONLY way to give me grilled veggies as an add-on to a salad was if I bought the Grilled Veggie sandwich ($8.50) and had them take off the bread and the cheese (so just a side of grilled veggies that I could then put on my $8 salad). Seriously? You can get a side of ANY meat for under $5 but a side of grilled vegetables is $8.50?!?! I normally eat meat and I like it, I just didn't feel like it this morning! I ended up kindly thanking the uneducated employee without any rudeness or condescension and decided to take my aggression out much more passively through writing this review. Purely out of the principle that I don't support businesses trying to take advantage of my wallet, I will never eat at Great Steaks EVER!!
1	By the time you get to your Southwest Airline terminal and are hungry and desperate for food, you realize that Great Steak is your only option. How unfortunate! There is no where to sit (standing counters only), the food is too messy to eat at your gate chair. The food has been put through a de-flavorizer and all you can think if is, 'why didn't we eat before we left the hotel. Big mistake.
4	My husband and I ate here and for airport food, it was not bad. I had a steak potato and it was better than expected. My husband said his sandwich was better than expected also. People this is an airport. The people working were very friendly and there are a few tables with chairs but we were able to eat in floor sits just fine.
1	I was on my way home to Philly and I wanted something to eat.  My gut told me no since I'm from Philly (and we rock the cheesesteaks) but I couldn't find another place to eat at in the terminal.  I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak.  Meh, it didn't really taste like a cheesesteak.  What, they put lettuce and tomato on it?  Blasphemy!The fries were okay, greased through the bag.  Maybe the regular cheesesteak would have been better, but I'll probably never have the chance to come back.  I was totally unsatisfied on the plane and threw half out.
1	Poor stuff. The prices are just an incredible rip-off even for an airport, and the food isn't very good either. This is compared to other Great Steak and Potato shops at malls, by the way, not compared to filet mignon.I'm not a fan of paying $9 for a sandwich or $6.99 for a potato, much less so if they're below-average. Add a wait that's usually long enough that you're worried about missing your flight, and you've got a losing combination. Out of the two times the line was actually short enough to go in and wait it out, one time they were out of something important so I didn't get anything, and the other time I got a sub-par sandwich. Whee!
3	Ok food, airport prices, pretty quick service.
2	Food was ok, but way too expensive. It cost  $28 for two people. What bothered me the most was how dirty the place was. Light airport traffic, so no excuse.  I had the Philly cheesesteak.  It wasn't the best or worse I've had.
1	The slowest and likely the worst fast food restaurant in the world. When you are stuck at the McCarran airport, do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
2	My guy is probably going to be upset that I'm dissing the Great Steak, but it was not my pick. I'm okay with compromising when he's that excited about it though. He really wanted a Great Steak, which is technically a cheesesteak with lettuce and tomato. We just ordered one to split. I wasn't as excited about it as he was, but that's life.
1	Stopped in while waiting for a flight. Should have bypassed it altogether. That is time wasted that I will never get back. I walked out after standing at the counter without any acknowledgment from multiple employees. I apologize to any visitors to Vegas who have had to endure this establishment. This is not a good representation of our city. I will never visit them again.
1	I would give it -2 stars. I was waiting for my  flight which was delayed so I decided to get a cheesesteak here. The lady cooking my steak was chowing gum like a horse. That was horrible. When I got my cheesesteak sandwich which I paid $10 for it and took a bite, I found big and hard fat nerve in every bite. It was so gross. I only ate a quarter of the sandwich and threw out. Don't waste your money on this place so called Great Steak. It should be called the Worst Steak.
3	So so food, slow service and pricey for what you get. Food was served hot, and condiments were readily available. Their french fries was very good, however it took a good 10 minutes for it to get ready. I had the Philly cheese steak, and my wife had the deluxe big potato. It is what it is. Airport food. Simple as that.
4	had a classic potato i believe it was called "king" and it was good and priced decent considering it was inslde the airport . i would definitely go another round
4	Had a delicious steak sandwich with provolone. Om nom nom!
2	Fearing salmonella from the chicken in a place like this, Monkey opted for the "lost all respect for the word steak" grilled with half an onion on a naked, please no diarrhea-baked potato. Long day down and on the standby bubble, I was hungry. Flavorless cheese sauce on the side, I felt safe. Time will tell. Why this isn't rolled in pancake batter and deep fried, is beyond me. Dunking it in a bowl of nacho cheese sauce and sprinkle with crushed cool ranch Doritos and whalah!  Obesity. PepsiCo may invest in this idea and sell it at Taco Bell soon. Probably will not return, though hunger has subsided. $7 for naked baked potato with some meat & onions. Safe, right?
1	Dumbest cashier. Slowest service. Highest prices. Mediocre-est food. Just hoping I don't get food poisoning at this point.
2	Came here because I love cheesesteak sandwiches plus I was really hungry and tired without wanting to venture too far. Not wanting bread I ordered a cheesesteak potato and perhaps it made things worse. Well, I hate to say it but other than being conveniently located next to the SouthWest Airline gates, the cheesesteak potato I had was not at all appetizing and the potato was overbaked.The steak was dry and did not have much flavor. The "cheese sauce' smothered on top of the dry meat did not help to enhance it either. Basically I was a bit disappointed.
4	By way of airport food, you can do way worse. Fastish because a lot of orders, but really surprised how good my Steak and Provolone came out, I think it is the fresh bread that makes the difference. Fries are good too. I'd give five stars (curving for airport and grab and go type speed), but changing airport premium requires the beer must be cold.
2	It's airport food; what do you expect? It was my first time in Terminal B at McCarran, and since my flight was not for a while, I decided to venture and try something new. With a name like Great Steak & Potato, I thought of it as some unknown chain, and it probably is, but I decided to give it a shot. I mean, nothing too bad could happen on a one hour flight, right?And nothing too bad happened.I opted for the classic cheesesteak, and since I didn't exactly know what Philly cheese was, I was unfortunately greeted with a sandwich with cheese sauce. While I like nacho cheese, I'm not too big of a fan of cheese sauce if not done right. It wasn't done right. Personally, I thought I should have gotten the one with provolone, but I am bad with my cheeses, in general.For the price and the size, about $9 for a 7" cheesesteak, it was overall really underwhelming. It was a small shop as well, so seating was quite limited. Customers were literally fighting over that. Not that much fun when I had a flight within minutes.If I had to go again, I would definitely try the one with provolone. However, to be honest, Jersey Mike's in Terminal B is way better.TIP: N/A
2	Went here cause it sounded good at the time.  Got the great steak with fries.  Basically your typical cheesesteak.  Not many topping options.  Would have been nice with pepperoncini's but they didn't have it.  Sandwich itself was pretty bland.  Fries were okay.  Overall, I think I'd rather save the calories for some other overpriced airport food.
1	I spent $16 on a bag of chips and sandwich and asked for a cup of water with a lid on it cause my hands were full.  The lady working the grill yelled at the cashier that they don't allow that anymore.  And then she said something rude under her breath.  Get real!!
2	It's 1030p and we're at the airport. We're taking the red eye flight back to Chicago. Because we have to connect out of Minnesota, it will take longer than the 3+ hours to get home. Once we get to the airport, we decide to buy something to eat. Unfortunately, we were limited to two restaurants, one bar and one gift shop. We should've brought something with us.My boyfriend's Steak sandwich, my Philly Steak sandwich and our French fries were all incredibly salty. What we ate was only edible because we had purchased drinks to wash the terrible taste down. In this case, having a soda was a bad idea. The sugar and salt just made us thirstier.
