4	Tverskaya is, hands down, the pinkest restaurant in Las Vegas. Holy shit, it is pink.  Pink curtains, hot pink walls. Pink.I also suspect they have a Russian grandmother chained up in the kitchen, forced to endlessly chop cabbage, stew various meats and make borscht.  As a former Eastern European resident, I am very familiar with borscht, i.e. beet soup, and Tverskaya's wonderful version is packed with cabbage, potatoes, and chunks of beets. Great for a cold, Las Vegas day (hypothetical).  They also serve some tasty Vareniki, similar to pierogi. My boyfriend ordered some with cottage cheese (which is more like a sweet, smooth farmer's cheese) and he scarfed them all down.My Hungarian Goulash entree included all the Slavic classics: mashed potatoes (amazingly not dry), tangy red cabbage salad, and slow-cooked chunks of pork topped in a brown gravy.  It was all tender, delicious, and very homestyle.  I washed it all down with Kvas, a yeasty drink that tastes like really, really yeasty beer mixed with apple juice.  The menu advertised it as non-alcoholic but I've always known Kvas as low-alcohol.  So, any recovering alcoholics or seven-year-olds may want to steer clear.Which leads me to my biggest criticism of Tverskaya: they don't serve alcohol.  Now, I'm not a lush or anything, but I thought that was really strange.  Russian food without beer or vodka?  Unfathomable.  They do, however, let you bring in your own alcohol, so, grab a six pack, a Restaurant.com coupon (it's expensive) and check out Tverskaya!
5	My spouse and I tried this place on our last trip to Las Vegas since we had never had Russian food before. While I have no idea if this place is authentic or not, boy is it delicious!We ordered the blinchiki and the golubtsy as appetizers, and split the shashlik entree. Everything was extremely yummy! I was particularly impressed by the golubtsy (cabbage rolls stuffed with meat...I have never had cabbage that tasted this good!) and the sauce that comes with the shashlik. Also, there is a delicious herb butter that comes with the bread. My spouse ordered the kvass to drink, which he describes as a bread cola. Although it was interesting, it really wasn't my thing, but he liked it and would order it again.We topped off the meal with the crepes, which were amazing! They were filled with all different kinds of fruit and topped with ice cream! The dish was huge and could easily have been split between four people.Finally, the servers were very friendly and talkative. One of them even gave us show recommendations.Overall, I was extremely impressed! I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant the next time I visit Las Vegas!
5	This is the BEST Russian food in VEGAS!!!My husband and I stumbled upon this resaurant one night, as it is a little tucked away in the plaza off the street, but well worth it.Vasily our waitor, was so very friendly, had a plethera of info about Russia and the dishes on the menu, made wonderfull suggestions, and even offered us a sample of a signiture drink. We ate so many wonderful things, left so satisfied, prices were reasonable, and we even returned once again before leaving Vegas.Highly reccomended is the Golubtsy - cabbage rolls, so creamy and full of flavor, absolutely delicious! Also the Beef Stroganoff was amazing. The bread (buckwheat I think?) they served at the table was unique and delicious. To blance the heavier dishes was lovely cabbage salad and very pretty garnish, it was a class act all the way, and a delight for all of the senses.If you have never had Russian food before, you cannot get any better than this. Go hungry and try something new, everything was absolutely devine.Cannot wait to go back again when we are in Vegas.
4	We tried this restaurant when we were in Las Vegas.  We had a group of eight.   The service here is great, very attentive and friendly.I had the chicken kiev which was crisp on the outside and juicy on the outside.  I had a cranberry cabbage salad that came with it which to me wasn't very flavorful, I would have preferred the red cabbage that others had.  Other members of our group ordered the pork, which was kind of dry.  The steak was good.  I had the mashed potatoes with my dinner instead of fries but I wish I would have ordered the fries.  They were home made, flavorful and delicious.We had the cabbage rolls, herring and vegetable plate.   Others in the group loved the cabbage rolls, me, not so much.  The herring was outstanding,  fresh and not too oily.  I was going to order the salmon but our server suggested the herring and I'm glad I took her advice.  The vegetable plate was displayed  beautifully   and everything on it was fresh.   The desserts were great as wellOverall, the food was good , the service was excellent and the price was very reasonable.The only downside to our visit is that when we exited we were accosted by a man who asked one of our party members "to borrow 50 cents" .  It was a very unpleasant experience and I rwon't go into furhter details, but there is a liquor store in the same plaza and there were quite a few people loitering outside.
5	Pleased to have finally found a good Russian restaurant in Las Vegas!  Came here after discovering that they were on restaurant.com, and had no problem getting a place during a dinner break at the World Series of Poker.My date and I split the pelmeni and cheese vareniki appetizers and the viennese schnitzel main dish.  All were delicious, and we were stuffed upon leaving, having only paid $20 after tax and tip and the restaurant.com GC.Our server was a very friendly guy, too, who may have been the owner?  Either way, definitely recommend this joint!
5	This place is very hard to find. It's in the corner of one of those ugly Vegas strip malls (isn't every restaurant off the strip in one of those malls?), but I kind of got a kick out of that. It's like a secret restaurant. I felt like I belonged to the Russian mafia.But once you find it, you'll be glad you did. The food is staggeringly good.The waiter told us that the goulash, the beef stroganoff and the chicken kiev we ordered wouldn't be like any we'd ever had, because this restaurant was authentic. He was very right. They were all different than what I expected, but they were all delicious and memorable. The goulash was particulary stunning.Prices are very fair. They have no liquor license (strange for Russians, who are not exactly tea-totalers) but they allow you to bring in liquid refreshment for a very small fee.This isn't "PF Krushchev's"...this is the real deal.
5	My husband and I tried this restaurant last night and I must admit I was not disappointed.  The waiter was friendly and helpful and the food was amazing.  My husband had the goulash which was just delicious and I had the chicken kiev which was the best I had ever had.  The little potato dumplings that came with the kiev simply melted in the mouth.  The plates were stunning and colorful with different slaws and fresh vegetables.  Service was a little slower than what we are used to but patience is rewarded with an amazing dinner.  We will definately be going back.
4	I went to Tverskaya for the first time last Sunday.  We had a party of six and we tried several appetizers, salads and entrees.  I was impressed with all of the food.  We started with the Herring, Herring garnished with dill and served with butter and boiled potatoes, the Boyarsky Platter, Roast beef, tongue and buzhenina (roast ham) served with horseradish, the Stolichniy/Olivier, Chopped chicken and cooked vegetables mixed with mayonnaise and spices, the Borsch, Red beets, cabbage, potatoes, meat and a dollop of sour cream garnished with dill, the cucumber salad, Sliced cucumbers tossed in house dressing and chopped dill and the tomato salad, Sliced tomatoes tossed in house dressing, parsley and garnished with crumbled feta cheese.  All of which were well cooked with good quality ingredients and very tasty.  For entrees we had, Chicken Kiev, Beef Stroganoff, Shasklik, Viennese Schnitzel, Hungarian Goulash, & the Langyet Steak.  All of which were fresh and flavorful.  The Stroganoff was a particular favorite of mine.  We'll definitely be back!
5	This was my first taste of Russian food and with nightmare visions of hamburger helper beef stroganoff influencing me, I was nervous about about what I might taste. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by Tverskaya. I was thrilled. 24 hours later, I am still thrilled. In fact, I'm in love and can't wait to go back. For appetizers, we had Beef Blinchiki, which are perfect crepes filled with flavorful beef and drizzled with sour cream. We also had the Vereniki, magic dumplings filled with magic potatoes and magic onions that made the world seem like a much nicer place.My husband had the Chicken Kiev, and it was delicious and buttery with a hint of dill. The "home style" potatoes and onions were crispy, salty, sweet, and tangy all at the same time. I had the Mushroom Blinchiki as an entree, and the chef gave me a side of buckwheat. The mushrooms were amazing and the buckwheat surprised me because it was so fragrant and almost floral. It tasted almost like a slightly hoppy beer. I also sampled the beef stroganoff, which was at least one million times better than any American style stroganoff I've ever had. Dessert was decadent. We had Praga cake, which was a dense and moist chocolate layer cake with a rich ganache. The Napoleon, a flaky and nutty pastry, was also very good and a bit like a non-sticky baklava. The dessert crepes were highly addictive and each one had a different mix of fillings - apples, berries, raspberries, pears, peaches, nutella. Oh, and on the side of the crepes, a dollop of pretty pink homemade cherry ice cream. Our service was great. The waiter was attentive and funny. We were also able to bring our own beer without any corkage fee. The level of food we had did not match the low cost. The chef paid attention to every detail and each dish felt like a present. The food has seemingly simple ingredients, but the flavors are complex, and layered, and all-around awesome. It was so much fun to eat here. I will definitely be back, probably before the month is out.
1	I'm mad now.We've been to Tverskaya three times now, and the food has been excellent each time. The prices are reasonable. On our most recent visit, my fiance and i treated our friends to dinner (see Crystal V.'s review). However, we used a restaurant.com gift certificate, and apparently this was a mistake.Near the end of our meal, our waiter informed us that the mandatory 18% gratuity specified on the gift certificate went directly to restaurant.com instead of the waiter's pocket. In fact, he further explained that this was how restaurant.com was able to offer such steep discounts on their certificates. I conferred with my fiancee, and we both understood this statement to mean that the waiter would be receiving no gratuity unless we left extra. Naturally, we left extra - another $25 on top of the 18%. We received good service and had a lovely meal, so why not?Everything was fine until we got home and my fiancee sent off an email to restaurant.com, who promptly informed us that the waiter receives every penny of the 18% mandatory gratuity. In other words, we just left our waiter a 38% tip because he lied to us.Frankly, I feel a little violated. We have never been shy about tipping, and we were already intending to leave a few extra bucks to make up the difference (we normally calculate 20% and then round up). It is a shame, because I truly enjoy their food and I had a wonderful evening dining with friends. But I can't shake the feeling of being lied to, of being scammed. If you do go to Tverskaya, don't bring a restaurant.com certificate. If you do bring a certificate, be aware that the 18% is going to the waiter, not the website.After this, I'm not sure I'll be going back. There are plenty of other restaurants in town that value my business enough not to try and scam me.
4	Very delicious food!I've been here twice already and both times I've had a great experience. Russian food, surprisingly, tastes very familiar (though I am of Filipino and Japanese background). Our Restaurant.com certificate was a great help when it came to paying the bill. But I wouldn't mind paying in full because I am THAT impressed by their food. I am obsessed with those pickled salad they serve with the entree. The desserts, according to my bf, aren't their forte but their appetizers and main dishes are definitely rave-worthy. This place needs more attention. I would be SO devastated if they closed down because of slow business :(
5	What a pleasant, pleasant experience this was!  I have never had authentic Russian food before, so I may not have a good baseline for comparison... but damn is this place good!  Let's begin, shall we?We started with the steamed beef tongue.  It was cold, so be brave... it's worth it.  The meat was so soft and delicate, and thinly sliced.  It came with a horseradish that was just amazing.  We also tried the Golubtsy, which is a cabbage roll with pork and beef.  The cabbage was perfectly prepared, and even as someone who doesn't really like cabbage, it was delicious!  To drink I tried a Kvas.  as a craft beer drinker, I quite enjoyed this malty, bready fermented (non-alcoholic) beverage.  I ordered the Shashlik, which was a skewered beef dish.  It came with a marinara-like sauce that was very unique.  It was more tart than an Italian marinara.  I shared my friend's dishes as well, and all were just delicious.  If you haven't tried real, authentic Russian food, you have to give this place a try.  I don't think you will be disappointed.  The service is very professional, and our waiter was quite enthusiastic about sharing authentic Russian food with us.  The cook is trained in Moscow, and is definitely a gourmet chef.  I gotta give it up for this spot.  I can't wait to go back!
5	This was our first time trying Russian food and it did not disappoint.  We started with golubtsy and for the entree I had stroganoff and my husband had the Hungarian goulash with homestyle potatoes. We shared the praga cake for desert which was a chocolate lovers dream. The food was presented beautifully, can't wait to go back and try more!
5	I just had my birthday dinner here and it was great.  I ordered the vareniki (dumplings stuffed with mashed potatoes and covered in caramelized onions, garlic butter and sour cream) and the chicken tabaka (marinated cornish gamehen - spatchcocked grilled, juicy and delicious).  Everything was very authentic. The service was great too.  My friends had never tried Russian food before and the waiter explained the entrees and made some recommendations.  At the end of the meal, everyone's plates were clean so obviously they liked it too.This place is a hard to find, hole in the wall but worth the search.  It's easier to see the sign for the Jerusalem Grill next door.
1	The address lead us to Festival Russian Restaurant. We looked at the sign "seat yourself," walked in and there was no one working. Waited for good 5 minutes, not a soul walked out from the back to greet us. We left. Based on others' reviews sounds like the food is great, but did I have to go back there myself and make it?
5	Great service and excellent food. Pelminis are so good, everything was perfectly spiced and the texture was spot on. Great cooks here. We had the goulash and chicken Tabaka. Chicken had perfect crust , moisture and seasoning. The goulash was a perfect mix of aromatic seasonings that complimented each other perfectly. We also loved the cabbage salads, mine had this awesome citrus note to it that was something unique. The mors (wild berry drink) was extremely refreshing and not too sweet with lots of berry flavor. The waiter/owner was super nice and made us feel really welcome. If you have the chance, come here!
2	Hubby and I were in the neighborhood, so it was time to finally try Russian cuisine... errr... food.  This place is hard to find, since the writing on the door doesn't stand out from the picture behind it.  Just go to the corner of the shopping center, where the overhang is, and look on the right wall for their door.The interior decor is.. well... tacky.  Cutouts adorn the walls, the tv was on AMC but muted, and there was modern Russian music playing from a radio somewhere.  The booths have huge backs but they're otherwise quite open, and the color scheme is a mix of red and hot pink. Our waitress was fine.. our sodas arrived and she got them wrong, but we didn't make an issue of it - $2.50 for a can of pop.  If I paid $30 for a 12-pack, I'd be furious.. but apparently they have a bad restaurant buyer ;)We started with Golubtsy, cabbage rolls stuffed with meat and spices, and those were good.  You get 3, which is difficult to share between two people, but once again.. we made it work for us.  We ordered the cucumber and tomato salads, which are actually large quantities of cold side dishes rather than actual salads.  The cucumber salad was covered in dill and an oil that was rather off-tasting.  It definitely helped when we added salt to it.  The tomato salad was rather bland, more flavor came from the feta cheese than from the actual tomatoes, but I won't hold that one against them.Hubby ordered Borsch, because he's always wanted to try it, and I sampled it also.  He liked it a bit more than I did, same as with the Golubtsy, which is good because you get a huge bowl of the soup.Our entrees arrived.. he had the pork Shashlik and I got the Chicken Kiev.. they forgot the sauce for his entree and we had to wait a while to get that, but the meat was tasty on its own.  The Chicken Kiev, however, was... boring.  Overbreaded, it was slicing into a rock (and they don't give you a serrated knife, which would be helpful - instead they warn you about possible burns from spurting hot butter).  It was bland, with virtually no flavor whatsoever.  The best part of the meal was the "fries" that came with it - julienne strips of potato with dill and an addictive oily sauce.  Hubby tasted his mashed potatoes that came with his Shashlik and that was the only bite he ate of them.. but he kept stealing potatoes from my plate.With tip, we paid about $85 for a meal for two that wasn't worth half that.Overall description.. tacky, boring, bland.
4	First, let me preface by saying that I grew up in Ukraine and know what Russian cuisine should be like. This place delivered to my expectations. The food is better than most Russian restaurants I have been to in West Hollywood. I came here with a friend on a Saturday night and found the place empty as others have mentioned. However, we were quickly attended to and service was excellent. Between the two uf us, we had: kvas (fermented bread drink) - Homemade, legit, 5 starsmors (fruit/berry non-alc coctail) - Very refreshing, not too sweet, 5 starsolivier (potato+chicken salad extraordinaire) - Done the right way with chicken, 5 stars pelmeni (beef dumplings) - Solid specimen, 4 starsborcht (beat based soup) - Excellent specimen, 5 starschicken tabaka (Cornish game hen) - Great seasoning, 4.5 stars Slice of napoleon cake to go - Ate the next day, 4 starsThe bill was $59 pre-tip. This is pretty good for a Russian restaurant. The food was all homemade, so were the drinks and napoleon. Overall this is a solid Russian place with, yes, a tacky decor and not enough patrons (which is unfortunate). I suggest sharing a few appetizers and main dish (family style) to make the most of a "true" russian culinary experience.If you have never tried Russian cuisine, I highly recommend that you do. But, understand that it is not supposed to have tons of spices, it is more ingredient based. It may be percieved as bland if comparing it to Indian, Asian, etc...The food is hearty and homemade.
5	Tverskaya is a great restaurant with some authentic Russian food.  The owner came out and welcomed us, and was very friendly.  The waitress was very nice and provided excellent service.  We will definitely be back!
3	OK, I've never had Russian food before, even though I grew up in a multi-ethnic (slum) in the New York City area.  I didn't know what to expect, but according to the other reviews, this was good in Vegas.  We had early reservations on a Friday night, but until halfway through our meal, we were the only customers.  One waitress on, very pleasant and helpful.  I agree it was both hard to find and tacky inside.  Our group eats out together quite often, so we had the opportunity to try many of the dishes on the menu.  In the appetizer section we had the tongue (tender but bland), the Pickled Platter (Ok, but nothing to write home about), and the Blinchiki (filled with ground beef-OK, but a bit bland).  Entrees included Chicken Kiev (tough and dry chicken, but the potatoes were good), Hungarian Goulash (tender pork, but light on the spices), Viennese Schnitzel(never had it with pork, but pretty darn good), and the Chicken Tabaka (Hands down the best dish we shared-chicken tender and well seasoned, not at all overdone).I may have been too kind with the three stars, but since I know little about Russian food, and some here who know Russian food have reviewed this place highly, I decided to go with it. For me, I doubt I'll return, but for those of you who want to samplae a culture you are unfamiliar with, it's a good, easy way to ease in.
5	Dinner last night, we ordered goulash, golubtsy, pelmeni, borsch, and a pickle platter (cucumber, tomato, mushroom, and cabbage and even a little pickled onion). Home-made kvas and wild berry juice to drink and the chocolate cake for dessert! Everything was delicious, just the right amount of food, and wonderfully presented with care! The waitress said they often have large parties of Russians and that it's a real party atmosphere, plus they get occasional visiting musicians (no set schedule, you should call when you are in town to see if there are any prerformances coming up during your stay.) She also said they are working to get their liquor license; I am so looking forward to that!
4	Great customer service.  The food is definitely interesting and tasty (all of it is very heavy though, so come hungry).  I personally enjoyed the Golubtsy and Neopolitan Cake out of everything we tried.  My entree was the beef stroganoff which was delicious with the small pieces of bread that come as an appetizer.  Drinks are sold by the can.  Definitely worth trying out!
5	Had dinner here again for Valentines Day. I was a little surprised (but happy) to see it as busy as it was considering they don't have a liquor license. The fact that they don't offer alcohol was not a big deal to us since we seldom ever order acohol in a restaurant. I feel guilty paying sometimes 4 times the cost of a bottle of wine and often nix the idea with the thought that I will just open a bottle when we get home.  I do believe though that if you do want wine with your dinner and you bring in your own bottle that is ok.We ordered the Julien to start, I had the Stroganoff and my husband had the Langyet Steak. The service was friendly, but very slow. I don't mind waiting longer for an excellent dinner though and that is exactly what we recieved. The bread and garlic butter kept up satisfied while we waited and was so delicious I had to restrain myself when the waitress offered to get us some more. Both of our dinners were flavorful and delicious. The portion size is good. Not overwhelming but I still had some to take home.They did have live entertainment (violinist) that night  for Valentine's Day. The owner was very excited about this and offered us another drink to stay and listen. We did stay for a couple of songs and were touched because he seemed to definately be going out of his way to make sure everyone enjoyed their evening as much as possible.
4	Finally got a chance to get some tasty Russian food and I was not disappointed. I had the veraniki, which is like a ravioli but filled with potato and covered with sauteed onions and sour cream, the Olivier salad, essentially a chicken salad but with chunks of chicken, the tverskaya shrimp, absolutely delish and the Beef Stroganoff which was also absolutely delicious.
4	Saturday night, 8:30 p.m.  One couple is seated at one of the banquettes.  That's it.  But that's what I read in the Yelp reviews, and it's a damned shame.  I just don't understand why there aren't more people eating at this restaurant, and how they've managed to stay open so long with so few diners and no liquor license.This was our first visit, and it was good.  Oh, sure, there's a disco ball in the middle of the ceiling, and a stage covered up with black, gauzy fabric, with Christmas tinsel and icicle lights dangling.  The piped-in music was a bit tinny, and the TV was on, albeit with the sound off, but just above our heads, so I could see for certain that Cynthia McFadden is indeed the daughter of Kathryn Hepburn and Spencer Tracy.  And the big cardboard cutouts of maybe tango dancers? decorating the walls, along with unintelligible Russian signs - well, intelligible to Russians, but this is a Ukrainian restaurant.The room is ringed with comfortable banquettes upholstered in a slightly Southwest pattern (Southwest Ukraine?), and the floor is beautiful - large tiles in an inlaid wood pattern that almost had me fooled.  There's a bit too much light for it to be romantic - the room could benefit from less of it, with sine candles on the tables for ambience sake.  But all this is secondary to the main reason for being here:  the food.  It's delicious.  We took the advice of one reviewer and shared two hot entrees, the Pelmeni and the potato Vareniki, and both were tasty.  The sauteed, caramelized onions were spectacular with the potato filling of the Vareniki.  Then we shared the Beef Stroganoff, which was garnished with a cabbage and carrot slaw (no mayo), sliced tomatoes and cucumbers, and seasoned fried potatoes (they were a bit too salty, and I'd ask for them to leave the extra salt off next time, but that's just me).The waitress was a young woman who's been here since the age of 12, so her English was flawless, and the service was excellent.  She brought us each a taste of the  unusual Kvas, the Russian drink made from fermented bread.  It's non-alcoholic and is sort of beer-like, but doesn't taste like beer.  It was okay, but this is the rare Vegas restaurant that has no liquor license, and we were forewarned from the other reviews, so we'd brought a bottle of wine with us. The wine was more enticing than the Kvas, so we didn't feel the need to order it.All three dishes exceeded our yearly quota of sour cream, so we were too full and too over-cholesteroled to think of ordering dessert, so we quit after the Stroganoff.I cut my teeth on Russian cuisine in the many Russian Night Clubs in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, where the tables groan under the weight of the appetizers alone, and a bottle of vodka graces each table.  Tverskaya couldn't be further from that scene.  But a great meal at a great price is waiting to be discovered by Las Vegas, and I hope they do.
2	I went there on a Thursday night around 7:30PM and my boyfriend and I were the only patrons there for a while and I should have taken that as a hint since the place next door had a line stretching outside.Overall Tverskaya was alright... Not impressed but not deterred either.
3	The other reviews are right. I walked in on a Saturday night, and only one table was occupied. I can't help but think that this business is a front. It looks like a restaurant that can easily transform to a night club.The food is decent, a bit bland, but passable. I think this place could use some liveliness, but again, something tells me this place wants to go unnoticed.FYI: The waitress moves like a ninja. She could be behind you right now!
5	Russian food rules ;)I love the Kvas .... well I am Russian and they don't serve hard liquor but I can live with this. I usually visit the Russian restaurants in West Hollywood and they have ok food. I love this place as they have great above medium taste food. Service is pretty good and I am sure they pay attention to what people say in their reviews here, so it is just improving every time I've been there. It seems not too busy when I've been there but I guess for Vegas this is typical situation. Most people there are visiting from somewhere and it is a bit pricey for Vegas standards. Hope they continue improving as it will be a shame to have such a good food stay unnoticed. Another problem is that Russian food is not that much flavorful as French or other cosines and it might be bland to some people but I can assure you it is not the case as simply some people are not used to traditional Russian food ;)
5	Everything was awesome. Cabbage rolls, creamy mushrooms, goulash, stroganoff, chicken kiev and crazy Russian non-alcoholic fermented beverage. I plan on going back whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Everything I had here kicked ass and i'd absolutely come back here again.The Food:Vareniki - dumplings stuffed with potatoes - very tastyCrepes with mushrooms - if you're not a fan of crepes then this may be an odd combination but its actually quite good.Borscht - i dont ever remember it being this good in russia so i don't know if they took some artistic liberties here or if its really just been that long for me. This soup rocks. Comes out in a perfect sized bowl. The vegetarian gf loved it too till she bit into a chunk of meat. ^_^Beef Shashlik (tried the pork too but beef is better) - cooked perfectly and not overseasoned. The pork shashlik was a bit chewy and more fatty so I liked the beef better. The plate doesn't come with potatoes or starch so if you just want to get your serving of protein, the beef shashlik may be the best choice.We got a piece of the napoleon cake which apparently they make on the premises which is putting way more effort into it than I thought they needed to. Its a nice touch regardless. It was good. Not really my cup of tea but the dessert lovers would probably enjoy it.Thats it for the actual food. Their menu is only 2 pages long but its actually full of russian dishes. There are maybe 10 different entrees and tons of appetizers. They don't serve alcohol but will let you bring your own so keep that in mind in case you're driving around with a six pack in the trunk and need some booze with your meal.Also, somethign unusual for russian restaurants - they actually plate their food well and it comes out looking nice. Not just slopped on the plate into a big mountain of stuff. Definitely above average in that department. The service was friendly and to the point. Typical for a russian restaurat..maybe moe friendly than average but we don't really come in to chat up the staff so thats just fine with us.Otherwise it was all good. Oh and the place was empty other than our table which is very very odd because the food is much better than you would think judging by the number of customers. Hopefully their business picks up.
5	Took us a while to get around to trying this place, but I am glad we finally did.  I am not Russian, but I love almost anything that is Russian.  I just completed an MA degree in International Relations--my coursework focused  mostly on Russia and Ukraine--so what better way to celebrate this honor than to go to a Russian restaurant? I was not disappointed and I don't think you will be either if like Russian/Eastern European food.The service was extraordinary, first of all.  Yes, I read some of the comments about the decor, and I can see why some posted some comments on it.  However, to me, it was very Russian and appropriate, so it wasn't that odd for me.  You come to a restaurant to eat, don't you?And, they will feed you. The portion sizes are generous.  We had the following for appetizers: the summer platter (lots of fresh veggies, feta cheese and olives) and borscht (beet soup). The borscht was awesome!My husband had the Hungarian goulash and I had the beef stroganoff.  The stroganoff was nice, tender and creamy.  Yum.  My husband reported the goulash was good as well.  We finished the meal with a shared made-in-the restaurant-daily Neapolitan dessert and Turkish coffee.  For two iced teas, two appetizers, two entrees, a dessert and 2 Turkish coffees, we did not break more than $65.  And, we were stuffed too!We will be back!
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place ...As others have said the decor is ... lacking.The food is also ... lacking.We had a party of about 10.  We were the only people there and yet they set our table up in an L shape which made absolutely no sense.  People ending up sitting with their backs to each other and half of us couldn't even tell who else was at the table.  The service was lacking for the most part too.  The staff was very nice just not particularly attentive ... and as I said ... we were the only people there ...I got chicken kiev which I hoped would be good but turned out to look (and taste) exactly like the frozen ones I buy at Smiths, so that was really disappointing.  I think everyone in our group said the food was average.  I don't think anyone had a bad meal but it just wasn't what we were expecting.
5	I'm vegan and they had an amazing cucumber salad, bourch, buckwheat - cooked to perfection, and these dumplings with mashed patato inside and caramelized onions on top. They can make everything with oil instead of butter. This food was the best in vegas!
4	Oh, where to begin on this? How about I break it down by the good and the bad.The Good:The food I had was mostly delicious. The Stroganoff was so full of flavor. Very heavy on the garlic with tender beef and mashed potatoes. No noodles here. There was even a side of tomato slices and cucumber slices. I was brought a basket of crusty bread and butter. Very good also. Also on the side of good was the service. Excellent is actually a better word to describe the service. The hostess/waitress was very friendly and attentive. She was asking me about my experience (or lack of) with Russian food. She took the time to explain and describe the food to me. She asked me how I liked the Stroganoff compared to traditional American style. Dessert was insane. I ordered a Napolean. It was so rich and sweet, and made in house. It was refreshing how I was treated here. The Bad:I ordered iced tea and received something different. I'm not really sure what it was. It was sweet and taste a little bit like old beer. I was told it was a classic Russian drink.  The mistake was corrected when realized it was made. The borscht was unremarkable. It was not bad but it taste much like a soup I made at home not long ago. I expected something a little more stand out.The Other:So neither good or bad, the decor. It is a small and simple place that feels much like a cafe. It is dimmly lit with a disco ball in the middle and a small stage up front. It looks like they have an open mic night or some kind of Russian entertainment. In fact, there was Russian pop music playing from an unseen speaker.Overall, I am impressed and pleasently surprised. If it wasn't for the higher price tag I would like to go back. Luckily for this night I had a great deal from Groupon ;)
5	This place is great. The food is good and a true Russian atmosphere. Lots of traditional Russian food choices. This isn't a fast food place, so the food takes some time to make but they make it all from scratch. It is not warmed up from a can! If your looking for great food, definitely come here. The service is great, and the waitress was very polite and made sure we were satisfied.
5	I heard they went out of biz and we were VERY disappointed....I took our Russian relatives who really know that cuisine and they could not get over how wonderful it is and the service was just as great....I hope seeing these recent reviews means it is still open for biz.
5	We arrived here having taken a cab from the strip and I can safely say that it was one of the best meals we've had in Vegas. Food was great and such a refreshing change from the overpriced food on the strip. Our waitress was awesome and suggested 'Jewel of Russia' infusion to us and we nearly drank half the bottle it was so good. We will definitely be going there again.
4	Visiting from SF, CA.  Had a great dinner there and they in fact do serve alcohol.  I tried the Matroska vodka.  Came in a Matroska shaped bottle!  Cute.  I only had a shot, but it was very tasty.  They apparently have live entertainment there as well.I rated the restaurant based on its food and it's service.  As others have said, the atmosphere is a little off.  You can seat yourself if you do not immediately see the waitress ;)   She'll eventually pop out of the kitchen.
3	I was part of a party of six on a Saturday night at 7pm.  First of all the place is hard to find because there is really bad signage in the shopping center as a whole.  it is tucked away in the corner of the strip mall.Once inside the service was friendly and attentive for the most part.  The place was not crowded, we were only 1 of four tables that were occupied the entire evening.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and each had a good flavor and were unique.  The breads they served were I assume traditionally russian and offered us something new but not memorable.I enjoyed the entree's the most with the goulash and cornish game hen being done well.What distracted us the most was at 8pm the entertainment began, a lovely woman singing to recorded music.  She has a nice voice but in a small place with few patrons the signing was too loud and obtrusive.  We were there to visit with our table and when the singing started we could not hear each other.  We asked our waitress if the sound could be softened and we saw her go the singer but if she made any change it was not apparent.  The relief came when she took her break.Overall it was a fair experience and I guess if you now authentic russian cuisine maybe you would have appreciated it more.The decor is really outdated.
5	Have been here 3 times and the food is amazing and the beer and vodka do the trick to say the least. The live music is fantastic too.
4	This place is amazing. I haven't had Russian food this good since I was in that part of the world--and I've tried several places. It's the kind of place you KNOW each dish is prepared with the utmost detail in mind--every vegetable fresh as can be, everything cooked with utmost care, and then carefully arranged like a beautiful display on the plate. If this place was on the strip, they could outshine half the restaurants. And their prices would be TOTALLY reasonable. As it is, being tucked away in a shopping center, their prices are a little high. If you go in knowing you're going to spend $20 per person for a meal totally WORTH $20 per person, then you'll be charmed and delighted, as I have been the last three times I've come this month!
5	I have been here a few times and have always liked both the food and service.  The food is so good that it is difficult to avoid ordering more than I know I can eat in one sitting; I always have to try different dishes.
4	Tasty and unique food with nice service and live entertainment!
5	Great Russian food in Las Vegas! Hard to find real Russian cuisine, not the typical flashy Las Vegas strip limited menu over expensive under flavored tourist restaurant. This place has great home cooking food and a great variety on the menu. And a cozy romantic atmosphere too.
1	Waiter served me a cold meal left over from a party being held there.  Absolutely horrible experience.
