3	Quick, easy place to refill gas if you're driving to and from SD and AZ. Wide variety of snacks, food, and even shotglasses. It's just off the freeway, so getting gas doesn't turn out to be a huge detour.Bathrooms could use a little cleaning, but I guess I can't really expect much from a rest stop type place. I'm just glad there were flushing toilets, since the rest stop I was at prior did not!Will stop by again on my next trip out to AZ.
4	Welcome to beautiful Gila Bend, Arizona! If you are here, I am sorry for you.But if you are in Gila Bend you may as well stop at Holt's Shell.I stopped to go to the bathroom and ended up spending a lot more time here than I anticipated. The bathrooms are clean enough for middle of nowhere convenience store bathrooms. The convenience store itself is also clean with friendly staff and a decent selection. Basically everything you could ask for when you have stop in the middle of nowhere.What really sets this place apart though is outside they have tons of ceramics and wood pieces that cost a fraction of what they would cost if you were in a big city. I ended up spending quite a while looking as stuff and getting sticker shock, but in a good way. "That is only 10 bucks?!?!"Unfortunately I have a small car that was already full, or I would have bought a bunch of stuff. Next trip I am planning ahead and making room in the car to bring stuff back.Again, it kinda sucks to be in Gila Bend, but Holt's rocks!
5	We stayed here in our Travel trailer for one night and it couldn't have been easier. They have level sites with all the standard fixins. You can al so show up at any time of day because the gas station is 24 hours. Friendly people too!
3	If you are going to have to stop and fill up during a road trip to Rocky Point or Cali then this is a cool place to come and look around at all the stuff they have for sale. As others have mentioned, the prices were reasonable. Unfortunately the best stuff is all outside in the hot sun. As are the bathrooms. Their facilities were amply stocked. Not very clean, but far from the worst I have seen at a Shell.
5	I am not kidding!  You have to stop here and take a look at the restrooms - they opened this amazing restroom complex in November 2013 and it is unlike anything I have ever seen - basically the Ritz Carlton of potties in the middle of NOWHERE!  There is rock and ceramic on the walls, high ceilings, music - even air conditioning.  I was thinking of reasons to stall in there and stunned that an independent business owner would spend so much to make their guests comfortable.  In a greedy world where everyone wants to spend as little as possible to make as much as they can - these facilities speak volumes about the integrity of whoever owns this place.  And the shopping was magnificent - like another reviewer said, there are amazing finds for very reasonable prices.  I pretty much want to put Gila Bend on my next road trip just to hang out at Holt's.
4	We always stop here on road trips. Clean restrooms and cool art for sale. Love the dinosaurs out front!
5	I kid you not this is by far the best middle of nowhere rest stop. We've been traveling for days now and have stopped a countless rest stops with nasty bathroom. This place is totally different. The bathrooms are new and CLEAN. Not at all what you'd expect to find at a has station.
