4	Not bad, not bad at all.This is not a fancy spa. But it's clean, it does the trick, and the foot massages feel great. Just enough pain to be therapeutic and enough relaxation to put me into a zenned out state. As with many places like this, the therapists chat with each other during the massages, which is mildly annoying, but it's ok. I'd want to chat with people too if I was rubbing feet all day.The price is just lower than what seems to be the standard, $18 for 1/2 hour and $35 for an hour. And it's open late, till 10 pm. So far I have not had to wait more than 5 minutes as a walk in.If you're in the strip mall, definitely worth a visit.
4	This I would say is a nice treat for yourself and should go do it once and awhile,, the price is right and well worth every minute. They not only work on your feet, they also do a little from head to toe massage,while you sit in a lounge chair and relax.. Granted it is not one of those foo foo spa,just simple and clean..Only thing is the workers speak  and understand  very little English, but do a good job....
5	I was taken here for my birthday. I am pregnant and I can't tell you how perfect it was for me. You get practically a full body massage for $35 for an hour. They start with your feet soaking then massage your head and pressure points, then hand/arm, then get to your feet calf and finish with your back! I couldn't believe how great it was for the price. It is a little iffy when you walk in because it is dark but everyone is so nice and it is very clean and the chairs are comfy. Everyone is in their own little cubicle. Best gift for someone who is preggo or on their feet all day.
5	Love Love Love this place!!!! How can you beat a 30 min foot massage for $19? It's my new obsession........I go sometimes 2 times a week now! The best time ever is after Yoga make you so relaxed.......just perfect thing to get your mind off of Everything!!! :)
5	AWESOME!!!  Very friendly staff.  Quiet and dark!  Recline in very comfortable chairs.  $19 for a half hour or $35 for a full hour.  Session includes a hot tea foot soak.  I WILL BE BACK VERY SOON!!!!  : )
5	Okay so if you read my other reviews on asian feet message/ reflexology, they are located in spring mountain. This is honestly as good as it can get, same low prices $19- half hour, $30- 45 mins, $35- 1 hour. Its dark when you walk in and the masseurs are waiting for you. I went in this morning around 11:30am without an appt and I didnt even have to wait! I was greeted very kindly and a lady took me to a chair. Each chair is closed off by the asian room dividers. Dont worry though, its low and the ceiling is high, this isnt your 'sterotypical' asian massage parlor. This place is legit. I got the 1 hour massage and even though it says 'foot massage' none of the asian places actually concentrate on your feet for the whole time. My massage was typical, it starts with reflexology on your head, massage on your neck, behind your ears, shoulders, arms. While this was happening, my feet were soaking in tea water. After the upper extremity, they worked on my legs, feet, then made me sit on the ottoman to do my back and stretch my arms. So... this is the type of massage you should expect. The reason why I give this place 5 stars is because although they people dont speak english very well, they are still super nice. The massage was one of the best i've had- even comparing to places like hotels, massage envy, and massage heights. This stop was really random because I was 'supposed' to be running errands. Im sooo glad I forced myself to stop in because months worth of stressed has just been all relieved!
5	Husband and I walked in and were given an appointment within 5 minutes. 10 minutes or less in to the massage, husband was clearly slumbering...and remained in and out of deep sleep for the duration of the massage. We both found it very relaxing and wish we had a similar place in our hometown. When we go back to Vegas, I'm sure we will schedule time for this again! My masseuse was Carol; I particularly liked her head and neck massage!
5	Ok my old foot massage is out the window and this place is in!!! So much closer to my house so decided to give it a try....almost fell asleep it was so relaxing. Ask for Lisa shes awesome!!!
5	Read all of the reviews and thought, "TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE!" But HOLY CRAP! They were AWESOME! I fell asleep while my feet and legs were getting massaged. Definitely recommend this place and I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in town! :-)
4	Walked right in on a Saturday afternoon and was taken care of promptly. Average price for Las Vegas $35 per hour. I'm spoiled by California prices at $20-$25. The massage was good. Would have preferred to flip over in the chair for my back instead of sitting up on the stool. A lady also talked on her cell phone for an entire 30 minutes - this was really rude!!! I wish they would have kicked her out.
4	you cant beat southern cal foot massage prices (1hr for 15 bucks) but this is probably as cheap as it gets in vegas 1 hr foot massage for 35 bucks. it was a comfortable relaxing environment.
4	My friend and I were taken in right away on a Sunday morning around 11am for a 30min session for $19!  What a great deal right?!The lady who greeted us brought us to a cubical with 2 chairs as a couples room which were divided by Asian dividers throughout the salon.  It was very dim and quiet as the music played in the background.  At first we thought we were the only ones there but we did hear some slapping going on in another cubicle :) We hung our bags and scarves on a wall hook and got settled into our reclining chair as our therapists came back with bamboo buckets lined with plastic and filled with hot tea.  We then soaked our feet in for about 5 minutes.Reflexology started as they placed a hand towel over your top body for warmth and reclined you down.  My therapist massaged my feet, ankles, and up my calves.  It was amazing!  She hit some pressure points very firmly on the soles of my feet but I LOVED IT, it reminds me of how you feel after a days workout where it hurts but it feels so good at the same time.  I was quite relaxed until my session was about to end, the last 5 minutes or so, she started to pound the outside of my legs and I couldn't help but start laughing but I did my best to hold it in. I was also thinking about my friend next to me who said she didn't want to get beat up she only wanted to relax.  WELL, she got beat up too LOLHonestly, it felt AMAZING! :D I believe that's a way to wake you up and tell you they're done hahahThe only reason why I took away 1 star, was that the business phone started to ring and my therapist got up and answered,  she was like "he-lo? he lo? he lo? he lo?!"  then she rushed back and finished. I recommend to try this place out, and if its your first time, please be courteous to others in session when you come in even while waiting to be taken in, the rooms are not enclosed, they are divided up by Asian dividers, everyone can hear you.After your session they also give you a bottled water, which we totattly forgot because of the ending part of the session was still fresh in our minds :D.  It was fun!
5	I have missed the California Foot Spas that are usually $20 for an hour. After readying the reviews on Yelp, I decided to give Henderson China Foot Massage & Reflexology a try. I was not disappointed at all. I walked in with no appointment on a Saturday night.. I was pleasantly greeted and taken in a privacy screened area. Lisa was great and this experience turned out to be the best massage at a foot spa I have had yet here in Las Vegas.
5	Love this place, it's the only one I like to go to.They give you water when you're done, competitive prices, very cozy.
2	Went in for "reflexology" and received a foot massage. I do not believe that anyone at this place even knows the meaning of reflexology. I read other people's reviews and I have to assume that they are reviewing a foot massage and not reflexology. That being said, it is a quiet and relaxing place and the massage is inexpensive and feels nice. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because we specifically requested reflexology and not a foot massage.
5	How can you go wrong for $35 1 hour of foot massage! It is way awwesome! This place is legit it's not one of those trashy sleezy asian massage parlors.. They start the massage by soaking your feet and they massage your head and arms while your feet is soaked.. Then after they do pressure points on your feet.. Hence it is FOOT REFLEXOLOGY.. My guy K he does it really hard and hits all the points.. After the feet is done they turn you over and massage your back.. This place is worth it! The only thing i didnt like about it was the rooms were divided by chinese wall fans you can hear everyone coming in and out.. I was annoyed one time when a woman came in talking very loud! But other than that this place is awesome and well worth it! Sometimes i feel like im cheating them cause its so damn cheap so I usually tip 15-20$ They are open 10am-10pm
5	Ida's your gal. This is your place. The sparkly Christmas garland overhead is a charming touch that you'll hardly notice once the massage begins. Expect more than just a foot massage. Depending on the length of time you buy, you can go here for a full body massage that begins with your feet being soaked in small wooden tub of hot water while the therapist massages your head, face, neck, and shoulders. That's followed by intense pressure to all areas of on the sole of your feet--reflexology. The difference between this and the other foot spas is that it has a pleasant environment with privacy screens between chair sets, and plenty of couple chairs.Buy 1 hour, at least. Be quiet when you walk in. Show up anytime before 10PM and they will take you.
5	Quick, easy, and thoroughly relaxing massage. I felt like I was in the hands of a professional. Great price at $35 for an hour.
2	Well, so sad, but I must write an update....The last two times I've been in, it was lame.  I hope they aren't getting lackadaisicalsince they are busy the majority of the time. The girl that I had, kept burping and was leaning against the wall and then was falling asleep. OYE!! Are you freaking kidding me????I might reconsider going back :/
4	Came into Vegas from LA.  I decided to visit based on Yelp Reviews.  It was a little more expensive than Cali but well worth it.  Nice and private and clean!
2	I go to this place every six weeks or so on average. Most of the time, the whole experience is very good. I noticed they seem to have had a change in management the past few months and I have seen a decline in the quality of therapist. My last massage was done a by a young guy who kept on leaving every 15-20 minutes. He had a very light touch and I like it firmer, which is usually how they have all been in the past. My guy seemed disinterested and distracted during my hour. I'll try them again, but there are other foot places that are better around this area.
4	If your feet are tired and sore or you just want the most relaxing 30 minutes or 1 hour reflexology...this is a definite do. When in Vegas however long, I HAVE TO get to Henderson China Foot Massage and Reflexology.  We're going tomorrow!!!
4	Found this treasure because it's on my way to and from work and what caught my eye was the price.  $30 for an hour long massage!  I was a bit hesitant at first because of the name: Foot Massage and Reflexology.  I wasn't sure if they'd be spending an hour on my foot and if that was the case, I wasn't too interested. Anyway, after calling them and confirming (several times) that it was a whole body, I decided to give it a chance.  I'm glad I did.  They first soaked my feet in hot water and then the whole body massage began.  They were attentive to the areas on my body that were more stuff than others. I didn't have to wait long.  The only fly in the ointment was while there are private rooms, its more like private cubicles.  You can hear whenever noise is made.  I've gone twice and I'd go again. ($30 for an hour long massage in Las Vegas?  Heck yeah!  Coming from California, I haven't seen prices that cheap...ever!)
2	We called ahead and asked if they did full body massage for 1 hour as our neck and back were hurting.   We went to this place and were both put in a small area that was blocked off by cubicle type blocks. We sat in chairs and were instantly both wondering why were  not taking our clothes off. We are used to getting massages with just a towel. They started with our face then arms. Then they walked out for a 5 minute break which really messed up the relaxation. They did our feet next in which I had to ask for more pressure. The guy did a pretty good job on my feet for a while. Then they took another break. Then they asked us to flip over in which they gave a back massage through my shirt for about 5 minutes. We were VERY disappointed. The price was good, $35 for what we got and I ended up tipping like $10 a piece. Also, don't be rude if you go in and talk up a storm all loud because people are trying to relax. Some people were very noisy. Overall, I would never go back here. It is a good place if you just want your feet rubbed. But not for me or my husband.
1	Expensive.  Lady smirked at me for leaving a $2 tip.  I would have given more but $20 for 30 minutes is ridiculous.   I would go back just so I don't leave a tip.
5	Just went here for a birthday massage. The place was quiet and relaxing. Had my own room. There was about a 3 minute wait. The lady only asked me how much time, then went to work on my feet. It was incredible. She hit so many pressure points with perfect amounts of pressure. She finished with a shoulder & back massage that was also wonderful. A little pain, but the good kind.  No chatting, no noise. Just a very calm environment. I gave a generous tip & I plan to go regularly.
5	Went at the last minute with an out-of-town friend.  They were able to get us in immediately.  The atmosphere was quiet and relaxing and the place was super clean.  Chairs were very comfortable and they use disposable liners for their foot baths... A big plus!  Steven was my therapist and he was amazing!  We did the 90-minute massage and I fell asleep after the first 1/2 hour.  Will definitely make this a twice a month go-to place for stress reduction and relaxation.  Thinking of taking my spouse for his birthday next week...
5	Great experience! I walked right in with no appointment (big plus). I did the hot stone massage for 1 hour for $35. It was incredible. I will definitely do this at least once a month. The price is great and the massage was incredible. I highly recommend it!!!
4	I like this place much better then the one across the street. I had a 45 minute massage and about 38 of it was on my feet which is what I wanted. At the end she did a good neck shoulder back massage to finish. Great prices and easy to get in at least during the day.
5	I have been coming to this Massage for about 9 months now about once a week.    I love it!  The atmosphere is relaxing and very clean.  I go for an hour and love every minute of it.  I have a job that is hard on my body and my stress level.   They start on my head and go to my arms, legs, feet and back.  I usually fall asleep. They don't speak English but they understand kindness and courtesy.  This is a great massage and clean relaxing environment for that, I tip well.  You deserve it.  You will love it too!  When you go, please remember everyone can hear you when you speak.  If you must speak?...whisper.   I usually call first before coming but they accept walk-ins.
4	I had never been to a reflexology spa, but the other day I went to lunch in the complex with a co-worker who mentioned he had been to the location before with his wife and it was very relaxing.  So my boyfriend and I decided to check it out today.... this was a great and a relaxing way to spend the afternoon. The price is very affordable! The staff was friendly and kind! The place was very clean and well kept. We will definitely be back....
1	I went to this place looking forward to getting a good foot massage. It's located in a pretty decent area, so I decided to check it out. As soon as I took my shoes off, I saw two big ass roaches crawling on the floor. BE AWARE!!!!!!!!!! Never again...
5	This is my new addiction... I have been to places like this in China town but this by far is way better.  1 hour treatment is only $35.  You walk in, they take you to a private room and you soak your feet in hot tea and relax.  They massage your scalp, forhead, neck, hands, arms, and fingers.  They then do the reflexology treatment on your feet.  They then massage your legs and have you turn over stomach so they can work on your  back.  If you are a guy they will have you take your shift off.  Ladies, they will un-do your bra to expose your back... dont be alarmed.  They do a hot stone treatment to your back and work out the knots.  Depending on the technition, they may do some thai massage (walking on your back).  It is heaven.  Being so affordable, you can justify going once every week or two.  Its fun to bring a friend or date since they have couples rooms.  I highly recommend this.  Just like massage, I would recommend you ask for your technicians name if you like them so you can ask for them every time.  I always ask for Linda.  They had a girl names Jessie who was there before who I loved but she isn't there anymore.  My Mom likes a guy there who goes by "To".  Enjoy!!!
2	Idea of this place is great, but services are not.  I went with my mom and her massage therapist was amazing.  As for mine, not so great, I had a young guy who seemed to be under the weather and kept leaving to go blow his nose.  His cellphone kept going off and he rushed the services.  I ended up leaving the place in pain rather than relaxed.  Also they don't Thank You for giving them a tip.  2 stars for my mom enjoying her services...0 stars for my own experience.
5	By far the best foot massage place I have ever been to and I have been to probably 10 different ones (Including LA, SF and AZ)...  Loved the hot stone touch at the end!!!  (Still only $35 an hour). Loved the individual walled off rooms!  Byron was great for deep tissue...  Tipped him $20, usually never tip more than $10!  It is a must when I visit Vegas from now on. Wish you had a sister store in Phoenix!
5	I wrote a review for the wrong place before.. Cheap and awesome relaxation time.  Pleasant atmosphere     Cant beat the price. I was sketchy about the whole foot thing.. But its overall pretty relaxing!     Avoid the lady named "Lucy" unless you want a soft gentle massage that wont get kinks out! Both of us got to experience Lucy and we both decided ANYONE but her would do just fine!  All the therapists seem to have a different routine. No big deal  its nice getting new stuff done each time.   If you want an actual legit get the kinks out rough massage... Request anyone but "Lucy"    Sorry Lucy we gave you a 2nd chance and it was still pointless :(
