4	I'm glad to finally have a place to go to.. even if I have to drive across town. I never have to wait long and my nails are always nice and last long. Sometimes, I come in last minute... and I still come out the place fast enough to go run my extra errands. Lol. They are really nice and it's good to see a business reach out to their customers with emails and deals. The nail designs are best by far, too.August 17th update: Hope I was her biggest tip for the day because I am NOT coming back. I left the salon with glue on practically every finger. It seemed like she was frustrated because I told her to cut my nails shorter.. She started questioning the length I waited to get my nails done and was rushing my nails to take in her regular client & my nails are not straight at the top. :(
5	I love this place...after 1 visit...Im hooked, they are so friendly, attentive, do a great job on my nails and awesome pedi's!  I go to Cindy...but they all do a great job!  Thanks Jan...you have an awesome place!!
5	I went there through a referral from my hair stylist Atomic April. And even though she told me to go see Jan ( who must be amazing cuz she is always booked solid)  I trusted my gut and saw a different tech named Helen who was amazing! She really knew her stuff, took her time and was meticulous with both my gel mani/pedi  I absolutely recommend this place and they have the largest gel color selection I've seen in Vegas yet! :)
5	I have been going here for years-- great place and friendly people! They do a great job on acrylics and gel polish! Always take their time to get it right and it lasts!!!
5	It's been YEARS since I've left a nail salon completely happy! I had an amazing experience! My nails are exactly what I wanted and joe was so nice and funny! Prices not bad at all. He didnt take an hour and half he SPENT the time perfecting what he does. Will be returning for sure!
1	I came in for a pedicure.  I asked for clear with pink glitter tips,  the guy said i should get gel cause it lasts,  I said I'd rather do regular enamel.  Then he said he can't do clear with pink glitter tips,  so he did hot pink with glitter on top.  Not what I asked for.  Not worth arguing since he was set on doing gel. I'm not coming back.
5	I make the drive from Moutians Edge because this nail place is just that good. Great customer service and attitudes. Great artists, clean environment!
3	I'm VERY picky when it comes to doing my nails any little thing you do to screw them up I will hate you forever.still working on having a favorite nail tech but so far every time I've gone I've always been happy with my set.this place can get pretty packed so if you don't like to wait I'd suggest you make an appt. every time I come in I get a full set and a polish for my daughter.on one occasion they made me upset because one of the girls told another that it was just a polish for my a daughter and she was just sitting on the chair with her iPad I was halfway done with my set &my daughter was still waiting to start on hers ended up letting someone else take care of my daughter like seriously it would have only tooken her 5mins to do them .rude much?i think so.best pink& whites I've gotten so far.maybe if they continue to make me happy I'll bump them up a star
5	Ask for B if you want your nails done. He is the best.. I checked the reviews on here and that's what made me come. I got a full set & pedi BEST experience EVER ! *New Customer
