4	Clean building and friendly staff. Food is Taco Bell quality. Not bad, not good. I would go back there if I got the munchies for a Taco Bell chicken burrito again :)
4	perfect drunk/hangover food.... I mean it's taco bell people!! I love their mexican pizzas and cinnamon twists.... The staff is great and never mess up our order :D (not that we go all the time) lol
5	The staff here is always friendly.  There's a sign on the wall saying it's a certified training facility, and they do a wonderful job.  Sadly I've never seen customer service like this at another TB around the valley.  Order is ALWAYS correct and I order some complicated, add this take this off, they always get it right.While here on this trip I noticed that the 'large' cups that come with the meal have shrunk!  Fountain Mt Dew is one of my guilty pleasures and when I go for TB it's a double treat, I was a bit saddened but realize I sure don't need the bit of dew I was missing!
4	Your average run of the mill taco bell here folks....food quality is what you would expect from a fast food mexican food restaurant and the inside of the place is nice and clean and a decent environment as well
2	TBell like every other about 50% of the time service can be real slow though.
1	No Senior Discount.  Small drink  .25 . Supposed to be free.
4	Every day looms dark and bitter. Every night threatens to crush me with restless need-with unabated desire. Yet, satiety stays out of sight and out of reach and in danger of stealing away with my sanity. I love only you, Beefy Crunch, but an unseen force has torn you from my embrace. The lingering memory on my tongue once enticed me back to your beefy, crunchy caresses, but now it mocks me like an itch on an amputated limb.Return to me, angel burrito. Awaken my stilled, my atrophied heart. Turn my hunger pangs to the softened bowel movements found outside the bun.
1	Worst service of any fast food EVER... More like SLOW COLD FOOD or NO Food. & it's what's worse- employees tonight were rude, manager on duty spoke no English. Ridiculous. Thought I'd give this location one last try, even though I had another bad experience there this past Sunday when they CLOSED DOORS & drive thru after I had been sitting in drive thru for literally 15 minutes.
3	Your standard Taco Bell location. They are open late and the closest location. They never fail to deliver exactly what you expect off the menu. You can count on them to satisfy your craving. Its gets very annoying when you get sub-par, fail-quality fast food when you already know youre ordering crap.Gotta love their Dorito Tacos and Chalupas. Delicious.
