5	When I was younger, my aunt who lived in Arizona at the time would take me here. I love going to this wonderful museum, mostly of Southwestern groups but of course that makes sense since that's the region. It was one of my favorite things to do when visiting Arizona. My Arizona trip would just not be complete without visiting the Heard Museum.There is so much beautiful and famous artwork. Such a beautiful collection of Katsina/Kachina dolls. I loved making cornhusk dolls as a girl. I still have them to this day. It's a great place for kids and adults. I have such great childhood memories here. I haven't gone in years but checking out the website, it still looks great and I will always think of my aunt.  8.) I do plan to go back one day.
5	Been here 4 times in the past 6 months.  I love bringing out-of-towners here.  Excellent art and history exhibits specifically related to Native Americans from the southwestern United States.  Reasonably priced entrance fee.  Go on the tour - they will tell you really interesting things about each of the exhibits you otherwise wouldn't know - makes the visit much more enjoyable.  A must see for visitors to Phoenix!
5	The Heard Museum is truly awesome. It's not huge, but they make the most of their space, including short films, longer presentations, and a huge display of kachinas in telling the cultural stories of Southwestern Native Americans. Importantly realizing that Native American cultures are not dead, the museum contains modern artwork and filmed interviews with members of today's Native American tribes. The amount of information given is detailed but not overwhelming, and I would say that the museum represents an excellent introduction to Southwestern Indian culture.One could complain that the Heard Museum doesn't document any of the internal Indian wars or strife, but on the other hand ,considering the racism these groups still come up against, perhaps its for the best that the rest of us just learn about how complex and beautiful these cultures often were and are. A final note should be given to the beautiful museum itself, which may be the only time I'll ever use the world "beautiful" to describe any building in Phoenix. It resembles images I've seen of Roman villas and its courtyard is very mellow, with a nice cafe and pools of running water. I would even recommend coming just to chill out with an ice tea in a stunning courtyard. I mean, where else can you find that in this town?
5	As a student and aficionada of Native American culture, I have to say this is by far and away the best Native American themed museum I've ever seen.  While it isn't that large, it packs a punch with razor sharp exhibitions and a physical plant that is both cutting edge and serene.  Well worth a stop for road-trippers driving between austin and los angeles, or anyone who is doing time in phoenix for whatever reason.  highly, highly recommended.
5	I wasn't completely sure what to expect when I went to the Heard Museum, but I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed myself.  We were there for almost 2.5 hours and the time flew by.  The permanent exhibit was laid out nicely and I truly learned quite a bit that I did not know previously about Native Americans.  In fact, I had no clue how many different tribes call Arizona and New Mexico home and reading the history and how they are now was quite fascinating, but I am a history nerd. The Remix contemporary exhibt was well-done and was my favorite portion of the whole museum, but I'm a sucker for contemporary art and installations.  We even wondered about the "children's area" and that was also well done with a variety of hands on crafts and activities for little peanuts (heck, my husband and I even did some of them! hehe).   The boarding school exhibit on the second floor was very nicely done and well laid out...the testimonials that played while you walked around were quite touching and at times I felt myself tearing up.Adult admission is $10 and students are only $5. My husband forgot his ASU student ID and when he mentioned it to the cashier, the guy was like, "oh that's OK" and gave us the student admission anyway. Very nice.  There were quite a few people at Heard while we were there, but I never felt rushed or that I was in someone's way, which I think speaks highly of the layout.  I definitely recommend the museum if you have an afternoon you are looking to fill and/or just want to learn more about Native Americans.
4	**This place looses a star because I got hasseled for writing this review!!* The Heard is many things to many people. For Non-natives it is a place to learn about the various cultures of ancient, recent historical and modern Native Culture. For Natives of the southwest - it is a place where we are understood and celebrated.There are so many things I love about this place and I am pleased to share with you my favorite spots in the museum.- The Navajo Sand painting that is displayed the Navajo Hogan in the Homelands Exhibit. It depicts the Navajo Creation Story and is intricate and beautiful.- The Hopi Wedding Dress inside the Homelands Exhibit- The Photograph of the Grave yard outside the Indian School in the Boarding School Experience. - The Statue of Native women outside the museum. - The Yazzie Mural inside the We Are exhibit. It depicts the story of the Navajo and Yaqui Tribe's modern history. -The beaded chucks in the Shoes exhibit! I want a pair!!When it comes to the Heard's Gift shop: now this place is amazing!! Many of their pieces are authentic and hand crafted. BUT THERE ARE FAKES AMONG THEM!!! Feel free to ask a lot of questions. Even try to negotiate prices. You never know, some of those pieces have been there for YEARS! Demand certificates of authenticity. Ask to know the meaning of symbols and designs. Know what materials they're made out of! There could be two bracelets that almost identical and one could be silver plated and one could be solid silver. And they could both be priced the same. ASK QUESTIONS!! Ask to try to stuff on. They are usually pretty nice about this, except when it comes to earrings. Many hard to find books can be found here. Whenever someone is doing a research project, the Heard is one of the first places I recommend. I recommend the photography books.Their exhibits are always changing. So check the website and see what's new. Have fun, bring a friend, and open your mind and see the many wonderful facets of Native American Culture.****UPDATE****One of our fellow yelpers Deb K. http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=sGzHUN7UpjXUGKckrv-bTw has sent me private messages asking me to edit my review and I am! She believes and knows that all the pieces are authentic at the Heard's Gift Shop. She has said and I quote: "Hi Cher, Deb K. here--actually, I do work at the Heard and I can tell you that everything that we sell is authentic."  and she even goes on to say, "Maybe you're thinking about those dreamcatchers and whatnots in the back? Even those have to come from a Native-owned and operated establishment. [although I do agree they're kind of tacky, but you know the bilagaanas (White People)...they do like their kitschy stuff]" And what really got me was: "I really feel you should go back and change the part about the shop offering 'fake' items". As a Native American, sometimes it's a love/hate relationship with the Heard. The Heard is the premier launching pad for non-natives in this city to experience Indian Country but sometimes it comes at a price. We are often objectified and practically forced to share that which is sacred to us. But it's allowed and it's a choice that each Native artist that has dealt with has the Heard made for themselves. There is an unequal representation of Tribes on display at the Heard, the Navajo exhibit is HUGE at the Heard and yet the O'odham exhibit is medium sized. Even though O'odhams have contributed over $1,000,000.00 to the museum. We don't complain, atleast our ways are being shared right? And it's nice to take children to the museum and see their little eyes light up when they see things that reminds them of home. And the Boarding School Exhibit opens MANY eyes to the history that existed just a few blocks north. This slices through me and I'm so grateful this piece of history is no longer being ignored.Like I said - it's a love/hate relationship. I love the Heard because they give opportunities to Native Artists and share our culture as sensitively as possible. But it's an uphill battle to be deemed good enough to be one of those artists and people who shares our culture. I know of many great people who I personally feel should be "let in" be denied and my heart goes out to them. I love that Natives still get in for free but I hate that the Heard treats AZ tribes like we're obligated to help them to keep their lights on. I love that all the tribes in Arizona have been given the oppurtunity to share a piece of their culture yet I hate that the museum focuses on two tribes.To my yelpers: Please realize that each tribe has it's own ways and unique culture. Open your heart and mind and take in the colorful culture I grew up in!
5	You want to know about the history of Arizona?  You want to go to the Heard.THE premiere anthropological museum on THIS Planet.And, the gift shop:  Authentic stuff at hon estly reasonable prices -- that does not necessarily mean cheap:  It means *reasonable* for the authentic quality.
2	Oh for the love of God this place is boring. Pottery and pictures of pottery. I came here for some tour a few years ago. I was so bored I went outside and took a nap next to giant flower pot. Then I came back here last month for a charity event and also took a nap, this time in the bathroom.Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
5	When I have a friend or relative visit from non southwest places they all want to come here and they all love it. It is set very nicely with good displays and explains a lot of what one might not know.The gift shop too is a nice stop before we continue on our day.
5	Firstly, hat's off to Jenn H. who had the cojones to give this place a lousy review without also coming off as insensitive.The story of the various Native American tribes is an incredibly solemn one that is all too often glazed over in your average grade school American History course.  I was blissfully unaware of it until my wife decided to dedicate the rest of her life to studying indigenous cultures and schooled me on the following - For 200 years, Native Americans were seen as uncivilized beasts in need of strict re-education to meet the white man's version of civility.  Not until the 1960's (and as recently as 1990 with the passage of several federal laws including the Native American Languages Act) has the United States finally reversed course and decided to protect the various Native American cultures.  Sad, but true, and something your average American probably doesn't know and likely doesn't want to know or care to know.Thankfully there are places like the Heard Museum which does a brilliant job of telling the story of many of the tribes that were located in the Southwest.  I feel it is unduly categorized as an "Art Museum" by many instead of an "American History" museum.  Yes, you get the art - in the form of pottery and jewelry and Kachina - but you also get the traditional clothing, the traditional cooking, the language component, and most importantly the history lesson.  If you leave here thinking, "that was just a bunch of pottery and dolls" then you've totally missed the point.The first floor of the museum has a great flow to it with each section dedicated to a different tribe.  Obviously there are many similarities, but the most interesting things are the subtle differences between the tribes.  It also has changing exhibits on the second floor - when I was there it featured a wonderful exhibit on modern Native American art (sculpture and paintings and jewelry).  There is also a heart-wrenching exhibit on the horrific boarding schools the children were forced to attend, often far from their homes and at extremely young ages, to strip them of their cultural heritage.  My favorite part has to be the hands-on exhibit, likely meant for children but I couldn't keep away from it.  So what if I'm pushing over a 5 year old to get a pipe cleaner and tissue paper to make a flower?  There is even a section of the museum dedicated to other non-American indigenous art and garb.What an excellent excellent museum.  You leave much more informed and with a necessary touch of white guilt.
5	If you are looking for local culture, this is it. As a recent transplant to Phoenix, I really enjoyed my visit to the museum and learned a lot about the local Native American cultures. This is also a must visit when people visit you in Phoenix. What I especially love about this museum is that it presents the Native American cultures as living, breathing peoples and not in a museum/"under glass" sort of manner. There is a lot of information here, and it is presented clearly and coherently.
5	Update: I was contacted by the museum regarding my visit and they cleared up the problem with the security guard. I was very impressed at the amount of care that they took in addressing my situation. I rarely attend museums, but decided to go because the girlfriend wanted to. I'm an acrylic painter and all the art on display was beautiful and varied. The building itself was gorgeous. The only problem I had was the security guards. We were constantly followed by a heavyset black man and stared at regardless of where we went. I believe in no way did we look suspicious, had the guest stickers visible. We were just two people looking at some great art. Yet, he was hovering around enough to spoil the experience for us.
5	Before you read my review, read David B's. It's much better and more informative. After you finish his, then read mine. Ok? It's because I'm going by memory from 4 years ago and David B. lives in Phoenix and has just been there.I was born in Scottsdale, went to school in Phoenix and go to Giant's/A's/Angel's/Padre's/Brewer's/Mariner's and now the Dodger's for Spring Training. The desert is in my blood with all of the red sandstone rocks, cactus, roadrunners, and bluebelly lizards. As a child, I would go out and collect boys things... like snakes, crawdads, eggs, aquamarines, agates, spiders, then bring them home to an unhappy Mother. But I also went to school with actual Native-American kids who would wear their cool native clothes and so I got hooked on everything-Indian. Plus, we would go on amazing school field-trips to the local museums. Yea, for getting out of school...The Heard is known as the other major Phoenix destination besides the Phoenix Arts Museum but I personally feel it is much better. It is world-class in its exhibits of Native American artifacts, such as pottery, katsina dolls, sand paintings, rugs, baskets, textiles, jewelry, blankets, it's all here. If you love American history, especially Indian, you have to come here and soak it all in. The founders, Dwight and Maie Bartlett, loved their Southwest and therefore collected as much as they could afford, then fulfilled their ultimate dream to share it all with the public in 1929.Most people don't realize it because not much is taught about them, but our native Indians were so creative and amazing people who had such an artist's heart and desire to express themselves and the Heard really shows their work off to the highest degree. There are 39,000 items of cultural and fine art, including drawings, painting and sculpture. Of all of the possibilities to see when you visit, the core of the collection includes 500 simply incredible Hopi katsini dolls that were on loan from the exclusive Goldwater and Harvey Companies. Ritualistic, religious, complex and often hidden meanings are withheld in each individual katsini and I love them for their mystery. Another exhibit that I love because I am just a big kid is the full-sized Navajo Hogan, the Hopi piki room, the Yaqui ramada and the Pueblo oven. Maybe someday I can sneak in and stay over night.So, in summary, if you ever visit Phoenix, you have to go to both the Heard and the PAM plus the Taliesin West (I always spell that wrong) building by Frank Lloyd Wright. It isn't all pools, spas, baseball and golf after all.
4	I stumbled across this museum while on the way to PAM. With a few hours to kill before our flights, my friend and I decided to stop here instead.It was a great find and I learned so much. Unfortunately I hadn't learned very much about Native American culture or art in school, but I felt like my visit to the Heard made up for that a little. We had an excellent tour guide who was part Navajo and part Hopi. In addition to giving us a broad overview of Native American history, he also gave us many insights into growing up on a reservation and cultural traditions. As we toured through the galleries filled with basketry, ceramics, and Navajo blankets, he explained that a lot of the names "given" to the tribes by white settlers were simply the result of the two groups not understanding one another. For instance, the Pima tribe is so called because in response to the question, "What are you called?" the people answered, "Pima," which means "I don't know"--as in, I don't know what you crazy people are asking me!My friend and I had a wonderful time, and I would definitely recommend visiting if you're ever in Phoenix.
4	What a great place! I truly enjoyed just hanging out and looking at all the stuff. Cadie had a blast playing in the canoe and I geeked out taking pictures. A great place to spend the afternoon. Might I suggest hitting the light rail and checking out more stuff along the path. It's a great way to get out and about for not a lot of cash. If you don't already, follow @heardmuseum on twitter, they actually read your tweets! :)
4	The Heard Museum is much much bigger than you expect.  Well, okay, it was bigger than I expected.  Especially after watching a tour go around the native artifacts sections.  I kind of followed the tour today and after it was done (~45 minutes) I thought, "Is that all there is here?  How sad :("Yes, I actually thought the frowny face.Well, then I turned around and saw the gallery that went to Everything Else.  Beyond the native artifacts (which are very cool), there is a wonderful gallery of mixed media art, photography, and activities for kids.  Even the grounds themselves are wonderful to walk around.That last part I found out because I was there 45 minutes early.  It opens at 11am on Sundays.  Ah well, it was all still worth it.
4	as a museum dedicated entirely to native american art, this place really made their experiences, culture, and struggle palpable. it does a great job blending authentic indian artifacts, like hand woven baskets and jewelry, with contemporary indian art clearly influenced by modern american styles, traversing the complicated, often contradictory relationships between assimilation and tradition.particular pieces that directly depicted or confronted the deep tragedies caused by forced american assimilation were the ones that struck me the most. there were positive pieces as well that don't speak toward such loss, refusing to allow a sense of victimization. but behind everything you could taste blood, especially the current boarding school exhibit that vividly recreates, through firsthand accounts, the experience of indian children being kidnapped from their homes and sent away for years to destitute boarding schools to become "civilized." you walk through different boarding school themed rooms; a dormitory, a classroom, a barber's chair where their long hair was shaved, replete with chopped braids all over the floor, etc. it's eerie as hell, and the whole while black and white photos of the children, most dead, stare at you in desperation. it feels like a haunted house only you know the unsettling emotion is not sourced in superstition. alas, it's depressing as hell but beneath it all is that undying optimism and story of survival. in the end, it's about how much we lost, as a nation, in our bloodthirsty conquest that could've learned so much from these people. you leave with a sense of empathy, tolerance, outrage, and remorse.
3	They have some Native American, American, Chinese and European art, but unfortunately they devote far too much space to the modern crap.  I'm sorry, did I say crap, I meant modern "art"? A bunch of colors randomly thrown on a canvas is not art.  A bunch of cans or piece of metal welded together to symbolize anger or oppression, is not art.  the arts and crafts I did in kindergarten should not be up on the walls of museums.  Give me a call when you get some real art
4	I visited this museum in the early fall of 2004 and enjoyed it, but I wouldn't say I was overwhelmed.  The exhibits were fairly interesting & informative and the building was very attractive, with some nice sculptures in front and in the courtyard area.  I also liked the gift shop, as I'm a big fan of Native American Indian jewelry and crafts.  Some of the items were very pricey, but that's to be expected.
4	I have been to this Museum twice so far. And both times I enjoyed myself. But this place is huge. There is so much to see if you are into Native American art or just art and lifestyles, history of Native Americans. I love it. I was recently there to see the Indian Market and seen the Boarding School exhibit and Kachina exhibit. I love seeing all the Kachina dolls. When ever I am in town I know I will always go there to check out the new exhibits.
4	I really enjoy this museum.  I have been several times since moving to the valley and always have a good time.  There are usually special exhibits as well as the permanent collection.
1	what a wasted oppotunity.  Native American culture is so rich and the traditions so deep but they focus about 5 percent on this and 95 percent on being displaced and anger at reservation life and .. hold on.  dont bash.  i understand that they were wronged.  i am Japanese American and I KNOW what it is like to get land taken away and hearing stories about being a tax paying citizen and get taken to jail.  but ... i just wish the focus was on the beauty of the traditions and cultures.  i really wanted to take away more from it.  maybe i went in with expectations to high?  i live in hawaii so i see alot of ancient cultures and traditions and thought this place would be similiar.  and for 12 bucks a person to go there... at least parking was free! and there seems to be interactive things for kids too!
4	Loved the temporary exhibit - POP! Very cute clothing, paintings, and art pieces. The regular exhibitions were also very informative - learned a lot about Indian people and their culture while here. Truly amazing and also very heartbreaking (the boarding school exhibit).
4	Craving a little culture in your life? Well cancel your flight to NYC for the Smithsonian because believe it or not, we have some cultural options right here in the desert's playground. I went to the Heard Museum many a day when I was a little girl visiting Phoenix (a much less populated city at the time). From the crafts to the history, the Heard Museum entertained even an 8 year old who really just wanted to play in the pool all day long. Fast forward a "couple" of years and I decided it was time to give this historical haven the grownup test. My friends, I was more than impressed. You know how sometimes you visit someplace as a kid and then you go back as an adult and everything seems smaller and just cheaper looking? Don't worry about this being the case with the Heard Museum. They have done a fabulous job of keeping the museum up-to-date, clean and full of great ways for all ages to learn about the Native American culture in Arizona. Some highlights include:1. Interactive. The Heard created great displays with information and an interactive game for children...or children at heart. 2. Visual dessert for the eyes. They don't cheat you on historical artifact exhibits which shows that they have a nice group of donors who are eager to keep the museum alive and visually stimulating. 3. Family-fun for everyone. I saw a brochure marketing family-fun days every Saturday in July. Activities include, interactive games, crafts, live performances, etc. 4. AZ Resident Friendly. The admission price was $12 and I cringed a little, but then as if I was meant to get a little cultured that day, they told me that AZ residents receive free admission every second Sunday of the month. Not a bad way to take care of the residents melting in the heat! 5. Cafe food you actually want to eat. To make the most of the day, I ate at the cafe and took advantage of the 85 degree weather while it still lasted. The food...was good. I had a warm turkey and brie sandwich on homemade cranberry bread with the corn pasta salad. Just writing that down made me hungry and want to go back for more. So now that I've spread the good word on the Heard, it's time to check it out for yourself.
5	We attended this month's third Friday N+U event (free) at the Heard and it was a blast! This month, it was Capoeira and African drumming/dancing with an open bar and margaritas/street tacos in the cafe. The event was entertaining, full of energy and my 3 year old and I danced for almost an hour. My margaritas certainly didn't hurt! I had a great time and I am really looking forward to September's event, jewelry and drinks!
3	Was at the Heard for Robert Black Fashion Show, this month's N+U Third Friday event, an eclectic vintage show of sorts featuring local designers.  Great use of the large auditorium space and strong community turn-out.Browsed the first floor collections, and stumbled upon a lovely glass/ceramic exhibit.  The Heard has renovated and grown impressively since the `90s and is presently much larger than I recall from childhood. Noticed a few family-friendly, interactive exhibits and still serves as a great authority on Southwestern culture.The Museum has excellent outdoor space that could be well used for evening events.
5	Love this place, in fact got married there in 1999.  It is one of the most extensive collections of Native American artifacts and history that I know of.  Goregeous galleries.  My one suggestion would be to offer maps of the museum, can get kind of confusing.  If you have very young ones I wouldn't take them, this is more in line of an art museum.
4	My favorite....the room where you can learn more on the different indigenous groups in AZ. Really cool, to hear some words, some traditions and to have a chance to play (yes I do the kids activities when available and attractive!).But if you are not much of a fan about old old art and culture...you may not enjoy it.
4	If you are interested in Native American history and culture you need to visit.     I have been to the National Museum of Native Americans in Washington DC.      The Heard runs a close second in their exhibits.    You should put the Heard on your places to see when in Phoenix.
4	Exhibits spanned from the really old to contemporary works.  I really thought the exhibit upstairs relating to the boarding schools where children were taken from their families to "civilize" them was very moving.  The children enjoy the interactive exhibits where they can make and take craft projects.We were lucky enough to see an Apache dance group and participated in the dance.  That was fun!
4	A colleague of mine who used to work in Phoenix recommended a visit to the Heard Museum and, wanting to indulge in a little bit of culture that wasn't an art museum per se, I knew I had to stop by.I've never been to a museum solely dedicated to Native American history; I've only seen small collections in art museums.  The Heard's collection is amazing:  everything from a thousand year old pottery to Navajo rugs to an exhibit introducing the visitor to each of Arizona's many tribes.  Many are interactive and include activities for kids.  I can see this being a great place to take children to.Beautiful building and wonderful collection.  I hope the Heard continues to do well and educate the public on Native American history.Quick side note:  Excellent little cafe, stop in for a bit to eat after exploring the museum.  Don't forget to pop your head into the gift shops, either.  Beautiful pieces, but really expensive!
4	Recently I visited this phenomenal Native American Indian museum for the second time in my life on a cold and rainy afternoon.  I think many others had the same idea because the place was crawling with visitors on a Monday.  There is so much to see and learn about that an afternoon permits only a taste of things.  I think I could easily spend a few days in a row here.
4	I have always been interested in native American art, history and culture. The museum is a nice size and can be walked in an afternoon. I bought a membership so that I can go a few more times. I was amazed by the diversity of artists and tribes represented at the museum. In one gallery, there was an exhibit by an Inuit artist. In another gallery, there was an exhibition by a Navajo metal smith and jewelry maker. There is a great blending of the ancient native world with the modern native culture. I was going to bypass the interactive displays for the children, but found as I walked them that they were meaningful for adults too. Don't miss the Kachina display or the very sad and moving installation about the native American schools where young people were taken to be "civilized".
5	Great collection.  Beautiful grounds.  Helpful docents (try and get on a walking tour it certainly adds to the experience).  I couldn't be happier with the Heard and the way they approach the subject of native SW cultures.  I am also happy how connected they are to the current cultures and issues facing native peoples of the SW.  It is not a large museum, and you can easily pound it out in 2-3 hours depending on your level of interest.  I also enjoy hanging out in their courtyard sipping a cool drink from the cafe.  Highly recommended if you are in the PHX area.
5	The BF and I went last weekend for the first time after hearing great things about it (and after buying a 2 for 1 Groupon a while back).  We were not disappointed.  My only regret is that we couldn't stay longer because there is so much to see.  I really enjoyed "The Boarding School Experience".  Very interesting...but very sad.  Can't wait to go back!
5	The Heard Museum is amazing.  I've only been here once, during one of their free attendance days.    Although there are some kid-oriented exhibits, teens and adults will get the most out of this museum.The Kachina exhibit is wonderful.  All of the art is breath-taking.  The Indian school exhibit is heart-breaking.I highly recommend going to this museum at least once, especially if you live in AZ.
1	Why is the the Heard museum putting up that tacky 8ft black aluminum fence around the museum? They are going to ruin the great historic charm of the museum. It is going to look like a prison in the middle of our nice historic neighborhoods. Please call Letitia Chambers President and CEO of the Heard Museum at 602-251-0227 to voice your opposition to the fence.
4	Excellent museum to explore native American culture. Very tastefully done and not so large that it can't be explored in an afternoon.   A bit pricey at $15 per adult
5	Such a jewel here in Phoenix.    The Heard Museum has one of  the best Native American presentations.     It is well thought out and exhibits continue to change to wet your appetite for another visit.    It is a must visit whenever you are in Phoenix.   I highly recommend that you visit the Heard Museum.
5	Highly recommended if you are in the Phoenix area!I am going to visit again, the next time I am in town.
4	This was by far the best collection of Native American art that I have ever seen.  Some of the exhibits had really unique items while others had stuff that I had seen before.  I really liked the fusion of art and history.  I learned a lot about the local Indian tribes, past and present.  Sometimes the galleries felt a little disjointed... I think that comes from the fact that most of the pieces were from a private collection that was donated rather than being cultivated and collected selectively as in most museums.Overall, it's not my favorite museum in the city.  But everyone who lives here should visit at least once.  I think it would be a great place to take out of town guests as well.
5	Just an amazing collection of Native American art and artifacts anywhere. The Heard Museum is a must visit if in the Phoenix area.You can easily walk around here and explore all the exhibits and after a few hours still not have seen it all. So many different tribes are represented here. Baskets, bowls, artwork, clothing, dolls, ceremonial outfits, kachinas, and more from many tribes are on display.What is impressive is that most of the pieces on display are donated by private collectors. Senator Barry Goldwater's collection of about 400 kachinas were donated and on display among many others who gave to the museum. There are also free hourly tours by knowledgeable museum staff. There is even a children's area with hands on crafts, exhibits, and learning tools. The layout of the museum is very open and thought provoking, the exhibits are displayed well, and the staff helpful. On site terrific cafe, gift/book store, and coffee shop too. Definitely a must to see if interested in Native American cultures, art, and history.
4	For an in depth knowledge of the cultures, the arts and anything related to Native American history, this place provides all that and more.It's $15 for admission and $7.50 for students. And there is free parking on their parking lot. They also have a cafe, a book store, and and a museum store too.They have 2 full floors of artifacts, rugs, clothing and a section devoted to learning every different type of tribe in the south-western region of the continental United States.You can definitely spend a couple of hours here and be immersed on anything and everything related to Native American art and culture. There are a lot of "hands on" exhibits as well so you can learn stuff by touch it.Dozens of paintings, head masks, a whole room devoted to doll collection and much much more can be found here. They also show the transition of how the Native Americans became "civilized" by forcing them into schools and acting properly in the general population.Other favorites include the rugs room where all the rugs were pretty much made by hand and they all looked pretty neat.They have museum store as well where a lot of the stuff made by Native Americans can be sold here. Although most items are pretty expensive.
5	Thanksgiving meal.  My family ventured out and enjoyed a magnificent Thanksgiving meal. The museum created a wonderful menu that covered foods from the different territories of the Untied States Native American traditions.    Extremely rich and flavorful food, excellent service, reasonable price/person. There was Native American Music live to entertain the guests.  The museum and gift shop remained open and was a great way to walk off the delicious meal.   I plan on making this a tradition.
4	I had expected this place to be a rather small museum, but it is actually quite large and is packed with artifacts and pieces from Native American tribes.  During our visit, we took a tour given by a Navajo student.  He was very knowledgeable and definitely kept everyone's attention with the information that he provided.  With the amount of exhibits on display in this museum, you can easily spend two or three hours just taking in everything that is offered.  There is a wide range of items on display from dolls to paintings to glass work to clothing and jewelry.  Another cool thing is that this museum allows you to photograph anything that you want.
5	Really extensive Native American Indian museum in Phoenix.  The cover all aspects of history, culture, and just about anything else.  Went here with my Australian friend because he was interested in it.  A lot of the material will be familiar for anyone who's grown up with it as part of history class, but even so, the exhibits are very well done and you'll learn a lot.  Definitely recommend the museum if you're in the area.  The student discount was also pretty sweet.
4	This was a good experience for me.  I'm not a big museum guy but it was enjoyable.  I will say that it gets to be overload after a while.  I mean how many cradleboards can one look at and still feel the need to see more.  Beautiful blanket exhibits and the kachinas were interesting.  My only gripe was the poor coffee shop they had for a refreshment break. Seriously the worst coffee I've had in quite some time.  That aside, this was a great experience.
5	Authentic Hopi piki bread sold here in the city of Phoenix... A must try for the adventurous foodie. As for Native Arts & Culture it is the next best place to be for art during the Heard Indian Art Market
5	Really informative Native American museum.There's plenty of free parking here which was useful as we had a rental, but I did notice that there's a metro stop right outside which should make this a very accessible location.It was average price-wise for museums these days so I don't knock it for that. When you fully explore every part of the museum I felt it was worthwhile.I don't profess to be an expert on Native American history (save Geronimo) so if your knowledge is a bit lacking in this area then this is the place to help fill in the gaps. It was definitely a lot of learning for one day but enjoyable and eye-opening at the same time.The mock school area of how native americans were forced to integrate was probably the most fascinating part for me. As much as the fact that it was only a few decades ago that the school closed. You usually think of this in the Wild West over a hundred years ago.It's a good half day to explore the museum at a fair clip and probably a full one if you stopped to inspect and read every exhibit.Very enjoyable.
5	Definitely loved coming here and learning about all the different Native American cultures. I would recommend taking the guided tour as I learned so much more than if I had wandered around by myself.They have a nice shaded courtyard with a cafe and two shops
5	Great museum! A lot of info on native culture. If your visiting, this is a great place to visit and learn about the different tribes.
4	A great collection of native american artifacts that kept my attention for a couple of hours.  The museum looks very small from the outside, but it sure manages to open up and cram a lot into the space on both of its floors.  I highly recommend checking out the current Geronimo exhibit.  Thanks to Hollywood (which I should know better than to trust for an accurate portrayals of american indians), I always thought he was an apache hero.  Turns out most apache don't like him.Outside of a history text book, native american culture can be difficult to study.  It also doesn't help that most presentations of american indian history just make me feel guilty about what our government did to their ancestors decades and centuries before my family even immigrated to the country.  While the Herd Museum doesn't completely avoid this feeling, it does try its best not to shove it in your face.The $15 dollar admission isn't too bad.  Free parking was an unexpected treat.  There are also discounts for seniors, children and students.  Native americans can get in for free, but I think I only remember seeing one native american (an employee) the entire time I was there.
5	A fantastic art museum occupying a network of beautiful, Spanish-style buildings, the Heard Museum enjoys a wide selection of Native American art, both traditional and contemporary. They feature an extensive Pueblo pottery collection, some very beautiful Navajo rugs, and a vast collection of Hopi kachinas. One of the contemporary exhibits is a glass sculpture that is created to mimic a traditional Southwestern fence made of ocotillo branches. The museum grounds are beautiful and rather extensive. In the courtyard, you can enjoy an excellent lunch at the museum's cafe while listening to the soothing sounds of the museum's main water feature. I do think that the Native American crafts on sale in the gift shop are a little overpriced, as I have seen similar items of the same high quality sold elsewhere for less. However, I would have no problem making a worthwhile purchase here, seeing that it would go to support a truly excellent art museum. The Heard Museum is a must-see.
5	I can't believe I have driven past this museum a million and one times and never gone in. Just FYI its free on Sunday's in July. You want to get out of the heat? You want to do something inexpensive with your family? You want your children to learn something about the culture of Native Americans? This is the place for you!I brought my son here Sunday before last and he had the best time! There is a ton of puzzles and hands on crafts. Stories and artwork to satisfy the most curious minds. The grounds and architecture are beautiful. I will definitely be back here with my son this summer! Good, clean, family fun!Xo,Reesie
4	Beautiful collection of Native American artifacts. New exhibit on Indian schools is heartbreaking. Gorgeous collection of Hopi pottery and katsina dolls. Very up to date on new tribal names, correct spellings/pronunciations, and current art/jewelry. Enter from the rear of the building - parking lot side. Needs better signage in courtyard and exterior areas.
4	If you have a military ID you should come here because it is free for you +1 guest. This museum was a lot bigger than I expected. I actually didn't finish looking at all the exhibits before they close so next time I need to go earlier. There was lots of information about native america here from what they used to their jewelry. There was also a free tour which I took advantage of and you might as well because it gives great insight into their life and culture. I believe the girl who gave the tour was a cherokee indian who was attending college nearby. There were also interactive exhibits for little kids so if you had little kids this would work well for them.
4	The Heard Museum has a unique menagerie of ancestral and contemporary Native American and Southwestern items in an approachable and interactive atmosphere. Most of my visits have been one of the seemingly innumerable museum sponsored events hosted for local artists or Southwestern festivals. I definitely recommend checking out the market festivals as they always draw interesting and unique local artists and products. As with any museum, the showcase exhibit changes every few months, it's currently themed Native Warriors, in homage to the Navajo Code Talkers. I've been fortunate enough to meet and talk at length to one of the surviving Code Talkers several years ago while helping build a veteran's center in Tuba City, so I'm very much looking forward to the exhibit.
3	Beautiful place and beautiful grounds.
5	The Heard Museum is probably one of the best we have ever been in!The history of the indigenous First Nation people in North America is both sad and very compelling.  And, the collection the Heard family has assembled and the museum has added to is incredible.  Yet, it's the little exhibits that move me the most.  I am still brought to tears whenever at the end of touring, I come to the hand crafted dolls of the US Marine WWII Navajo code talkers raising the American flag (See photos).On our most recent trip here, we enjoyed the Barry Goldwater Bolo Tie exhibit, and  listening to the tour guide of First Nation peoples in Arizona.BTW, the best deal is becoming a Member of the Heard by showing your AAA card.  It's a small discount but you get their magazine and newsletter.Enjoy!
4	typically i'm not a huge fan of artifact and cultural exhibits.  However, the Heard experience was beyond expectations.   The 7.50 student price was reasonable and we were instantly put on a walking tour around the museum. The guides were excellent and the museum is quite historic.   The contemporary art pieces are not quite art museum worthy.  However the katina doll collection was awesome.  They have Barry Goldwater's personal collection of Katina dolls on display !    I highly suggest using the guided tours,  because some of the exhibits are difficult to process.
5	i am a huge museum, history, local culture places.but i've never been able to justify the cost of going to the heard.as i get older i realize that some costs simply have to occur.so we bought family membership there and spent a very pleasant 3 hours seeing 1/2 of it.1. do all the tours if you can stand ok.2. look for other activities, we watched hoop dancing.3. plan on about 8 hours to see it all.4. i have bad knees, bring my own stool, but there was plenty of sitting places.i would have liked to learned more about the religious aspects of the katsinas.scheduling another weekend in phoenix, watching the heard activities to catch something special, then see the scottsdale branch.some costs are unavoidable, just do it.
4	I'm a history buff, and since I live in Albuquerque in the middle of pueblo country, I know a lot about Indian history and culture, but I'm always open to learning more.  So yesterday I braved the Metro from Mesa and went to the Heard Museum, and I'm glad I did.  It is a beautiful facility and the exhibits are well-done with lots of explanations and information.Two or three gripes:  first, the docents (female) who were giving tours on Monday, 2/25/13, couldn't speak loud enough for the group to hear.  They need to provide some sort of microphone system for the docents to speak to their tours; they are available.  The first docent who, I discovered later, is new and still in training, had a problem with her speed.  She would start explaining about a particular room or exhibit before the entire group was within hearing distance--and about the time the last people came near enough to hear her, she was off to the next exhibit.  Photography is allowed in the museum; however, some of the exhibits and explanatory walls are covered with a reflective glass or plex which reflects the light from behind, making photography difficult.The prices in the sit-down restaurant are very very very expensive - They are quite appropriate for a dinner, but for a lunch at a venue which is pricey to enter in the first place, an overpriced sandwich isn't appropriate.  Even the hot dog combo in the cantina was $7!  Why does every facility of this type add to the cost of the enjoyment of the place by offering overpriced food?The building and grounds are gorgeous, and quite an oasis in the middle of a busy city.  Getting there is a breeze on the Metro, with the stop just across the street.  I enjoyed my day at Heard, but I probably won't be back.  An attraction like this is usually a one-time thing for me.
2	The Heard Museum in Phoenix seems behind the times in the presentation of its exhibits plus the exhibits provide minimal information. I was there during the native american Fair and that was quite good, except for the food vendors.The exhibit on chocolate and chili was confusing and I could not follow what the exhibit was trying to show.  The other special exhibits also provided little information; the one showing all the native american tribes in Arizona was not informative because by including all the tribes too little space was given to each one. The best exhibit was of the Indian Boarding School Project.In the crush and lack of signage, we completely missed the new native American War Memorial.Later, when we got a chance to read the Fair booklet given museum visitors, in that we found more information on the exhibits and artists, but it was too late. The regular museum booklet wasn't helpful.
4	It was kind of a serendipitous thing I managed to get around to seeing this museum.First of all, I have a class in regards to this topic and I have always believed that doing interactive stuff like this is WAY better than getting edumacated from a book.Secondly, a wonderful member of the CS community spotted us for the entrance fee. Thanks Danny! I am so glad that I went. I love museums, and admittedly have always been interested in Native American history and art.I think that my favorite part was that 30 foot glass and clay art fence right near the entrance. It was stunning and I think I stared at it like I was in a stoned out trance for a while lol.I think the story behind it is very cool as well. It starts out brown, to symbolize the fact that we are dead and below the earth. Later on it moves into more earthy orangey colors to symbolize that we are on the earth. Then it moves into mostly blue glass which symbolizes the spirit world.I also thought the ginormous collection of Katsina dolls were pretty amazing.My buddies and I also spent a lot of time in the room with the giant mural. There is a description of each section of the mural that you can read.The tour was really informative and I enjoyed that as well. I came away from it with a new respect for the culture that white people systematically tried to wipe out. What I took away from all this was uhhh white people suck? I kid I kid, I think the most interesting thing that I learned was the ceremonial things the Apaches did when a girl starts menstruating.I was blown away by the idea of men having so much respect for women, even seeing them as sacred! I was standing there thinking huh just about every other man could learn a thing or two from this. The tour guide told us to support the museum, we should buy something from the gift shop. He didn't have to twist my arm. We don't have anything quite like this where I am from but Detroit has a museum or two of it's own that hold a bit of clout if I say so myself. :)
4	Loved the exhibits and the tour. The Katsina exhibits were awesome. But, the museum shop is just not affordable - was disappointed to see I couldn't get any souvenir.
4	A wonderful place to visit when you are in Phoenix!! Going once will not do justice! I'm from NY and it was my first time in Phoenix, so I definitely made sure I went to hear what the buzz in town was all about.The museum is free on Wednesdays! I ended up going on a Tuesday, so I just paid the full price admission of $16. I figured, hey...why not! I'm not going to be here again for awhile.I learned so much about the lifestyle of all the different Native American reservations in Arizona and across the US. From the Navajo to the Hopi tribes, the pottery they make to the garments they wore, the Heard Museum was a mind-blasting educational experience! There was definitely too much information for me to absorb in one day, which is why I would go back again if I were ever in Phoenix.The gift shop is pricey! I wanted to buy a souvenir, perhaps a piece of unique jewelry, but all the ones that caught my eye were in the $200+ range. Regardless, the knowledge I gained walking out of the museum was priceless!The most disturbing moment for me was learning about how these Native Americans were pushed out of their lands and forced to live as "civilized" beings. This particular exhibit is located on their 2nd floor and did a great job in making me feel uncomfortable. They endured torture and were forced to lose their long hair, their traditional clothing, their identity...denied the right to be who they are. Sound familiar? Sound like the racism slaves endured in the South? Well, nothing I read or hear will ever allow me to fully understand what these individuals dealt with, and probably still deal with, but knowing and understanding that this exists only makes me love the strength of the Native Americans.All I can learn are what the pages of textbooks taught us in history class, but now that I am out of school, a museum has a way of retelling stories of the past on a whole other level. The best part was connecting the dots about Arizona. I went to the Grand Canyon prior to my excursion in Phoenix, and I realized that a lot of the different locations in the Grand Canyon are named after these Native American tribes. I love me some education! ;)
4	This is a very interesting, very informative museum. The architecture of the building is beautiful and simply adds to the extensive, well displayed exhibits. I was a little disappointed that a good amount of the art on display is modern (made in the last 4 decades or so), and that there were only a few exhibits with art from several hundred years ago (the rest of the exhibits are from the 19th century), but this is minor.I definitely recommend stopping by at least once to visit. I can see myself coming back again.
5	A museum about the indigenous people of North America, or Native Americans. This place is very well put together, there are people that are able to answer your questions. Their knowledge is vast about Native Americans. I would definitely revisit this place over and over again.
4	Interesting art museum with some good stuff by native Americans and others. Although the focus is on art and culture of the southwest, there are small displays from other  parts of the world. We have been there before but what drew us back is a Georgia O'Keeffe exhibit related to her landscape and katsina doll work. Unfortunately that is not her best work though it was still interesting. There is always something new. We will never be regular visitors but it is worth going at least once a year. The cafe adds to the experience. The gift shop and the book shop are pretty good too.
5	Enjoyed a little local culture yesterday with a friend of mine.  Sometimes I forget that we actually have some great history here in the Southwest.  It was awesome just soaking it all in! Tons of amazing dolls and hand-crafted jewelry caught my eye first.  Lots of beautifully executed baskets and clothing on display, among clay pots with intricate carvings and/or painting.  Presently, there is a Georgia O'Keefe exhibit featuring some of her lesser known works with a more Southwestern flare.  It was refreshing to see something other than the flowers she's so popularly known for.  They have a 12 minute video about her, too which gave some insight into her almost 100 year life. I highly recommend going to the Heard Museum to get your culture fix.
3	I'm a young woman that has to carry a small, paper thin bag that I have to carry on my back. There are numerous other women with purses significantly larger than my bag all around me. Nonetheless, one of the museum employees comes up to me and tells me backpacks aren't allowed in the museum and calls me "sir." I understand the need to do so, but tell the people with these large purses to lock them up, too! The "sir" didn't really help, either. After my required visit for class, I won't be back. This is not a good first impression to make.
4	This is a very interesting museum, as they've currently got an exhibit on American Indian Boarding Schools.  Not sure if I'm a huge fan of the whole Indian Art thing, but the schools thing was extremely educational, definitely recommend seeing that!
5	Fantastic museum. The Indian exhibits are expansive and usually heart wrenching. It is worth going on one of the free guided tours (they run frequently). My guide was very knowledgeable and provided much insight to all exhibits, including the temporary Georgia O'Keefe. The main entrance area is a nice place to lounge outside and have a picnic or something. The staff is very nice and friendly. Parking was easy.
5	I'm not sure how many times I've been here, but it's a lot.I've always had an interest and an appreciation for history. Being a Phoenix native I've been curious about the area's history.  I have two boys (12 and 9) who also like going here there's plenty to keep a child interested especially if you take the time to explain the exhibits in their terms.Heard never fails to satisfy my history itch.  There are a number of permanent exhibits and they change things up a bit every so often to give you a good reason to return. Visit their website to see what's going on.  I don't know how many artifacts and pieces of Native American and Southwest art they have in their collection, but it's certainly in the thousands.  As you stroll through the museum to see the displays and read a bit about the history you can't help but put yourself in the time period and imagine what life must have been like.If you're visiting the Phoenix area from a location that doesn't have something like the Heard and you want to go home with some knowledge of Native American and Southwest art I highly recommend a visit to Heard.
5	Love this place went for the second time yesterday for the Indian Fair & Market. Everything is way out of my price range but its still enjoyable to admire the art.
4	If you're new to the area, visiting from out of town, or even a native, you need to check this place out.  I have gone twice and have left extremely impressed both times.  The atmosphere is so amazing.  Right away, just walking through the courtyard to the main entrance, there's so much beauty to take in.  You'll walk past the courtyard cafe, cantina, bookstore, and gift shop on the way to the main entrance.  Both times I've gone, I did the museum first and then the shops and cafe afterwards.  The entire museum is somewhat of a maze and, if you're not on a guided tour, can be pretty confusing to navigate.  We didn't have a tour guide either time -- they're free and on a regular schedule, but we preferred to wander at our own pace.  The first floor is very large and divided up into sections.  There's a lot of baskets, pottery, and katsina dolls to check out, and some really interesting native american history to take in.  I learned a lot about the local and native history.  The first floor (to me) gets boring kind of quickly.  A lot of the collections are not as old or historic as I had expected.  It seems like the younger visitors enjoyed the first level more than I did.The most impressive part of the museum for me was the 2nd level.  I was in complete awe of the Indian Boarding School exhibit.  I learned SO much about the Indian Schools that I had never even heard of before.  I really wish they would have taught us about this experience when I was in school.  It was AMAZING.  Overall, the museum experience was very good.  We learned a lot and really enjoyed the history, art, and culture.  The only thing I don't like about the museum is navigating through it.  They do give you maps and offer guided tours, but it's fairly difficult to navigate if you don't know where you're going.  I don't like to look at maps, I prefer to wander.  Different areas are not very clearly marked.  You'll see a door in a hallway and wonder what it leads to, then walk through and realize you're entering a completely different part of the museum.  It's kind of hard to explain, but I wish the areas were more clearly marked.  It's not really big enough to get lost in, but we definitely had several occurrences where we weren't really sure where we were or where we were headed.The 2nd time I visited, we decided to have lunch at the cafe and we were really impressed.  The service was great and the prices were MUCH more reasonable than we had expected.  We figured it would be pricey, but it was not.  I had the smoked salmon quesadilla and it was outstanding.  The museum shop is pretty typical from what I've experienced at other museums -- a few knick-knacks that are in my price range, surrounded by ridiculously high priced pieces of art/pottery/dolls/rugs.  It's REALLY neat to look at but I couldn't imagine buying anything other than a magnet or a coffee mug.  Some of the pieces are thousands of dollars, but it's awesome to just look and admire.Overall, always a great experience, easy to find (there's a light rail stop right out front), and it's also very close to other touristy places if you're visiting and want to experience Phoenix.  I highly recommend this place.
5	I had a great time at this museum. I normally go through museums pretty quickly, and this place took me about two hours. They have a huge collection of local Native American tribal artifacts and some interesting diorama type things (a life sized model of an oven for baking bread, a couple examples of traditional housing etc). Also a few rotating collections. I saw an exhibit about foods/products indigenous to the Americas (chocolate, cochineal, etc) and an exhibit about the boarding schools/ assimilation. There is also a small collection of other tribal artifacts from elsewhere in the world. These don't make sense- they should loan to other museums and expand their interactive exhibits.
3	If you want to learn about Native American art and history, this is a good place to do it at.
3	There is a ton of stuff here for kids to interact and play with. Sadly, the LEGO exhibit isn't open yet. Also, I don't have any kids! Still, tons of great art and history here if you're into this subject matter. I would probably choose some other attraction if I had the choice.
4	First Native American museum I have been to. It was interesting to learn more about the Native Americans' history as I have only seen sections dedicated to their culture at NYC museums.
3	Pro:  Absolutely beautiful collection.  A great mix of ancient through modern items.  I especially enjoyed the kachina dolls.  Con:  it cost my family $84 admission (my husband paid before I noticed the price and could say "NO!!!").  $15 for a ten year old?  Exorbitant!
3	I think any opportunity to learn more about the Native American story is a great opportunity that should be taken advantage of.  In terms of content, you will definitely be able to walk away with a better understanding of Native American history, culture, different ethnic groups/tribes, migration, and education.  I appreciated the level of detail, references, and artifacts throughout the museum.  The museum has a wealth of info...both historical and contemporary.  However, all tribes arent represented equally throughout the museum, which is cool but it will be helpful to understand why.There are also several interactive games throughout the museum to engage in.  In terms of layout, I thought the museum did not have a good flow or at least it was a little difficult to understand the flow.  While touring the museum, I often wondered "where do I go next" or "what's the premise of this section".But that shouldn't stop you from visiting this great facility.They have free admission on Sundays in July which will get you into every part of the museum except for the Lego exhibit.Check it out!
2	Good for only one visit.  Very overpriced
3	We went to the Heard Museum for the Lego exhibit.  The exhibit itself was small, but kept the kids entertained.  The museum is pretty large and has a lot to look at.  It's a beautiful museum.  I just felt it was a bit overpriced.
4	I was expecting The Heard Museum  collection to be exciting, challenging and more diverse. Disappointing museum for a big city like AZ. The items in the museum shop were overpriced and poorly presented. Wake up The Heard Museum , you can do better!
4	Had a lot of fun at the LEGO exhibit. I will definitely return.
5	My favorite museum in the city. The biggest collection of Kachinas I have ever seen! Don't forget to hit the bookstore as well! Great reads!
4	For anyone who hasn't been there yet, I would highly recommend a trip to the Heard Museum. It's exhibitions, location and even its restaurants are all first class. Additionally, the design of The Heard Museum- and its architecture is amazing, plus on a clear day you have a wonderful view of west Phoenix, Highly recommended.
5	Even if you're not an art lover, don't miss the The Heard Museum . Everywhere you wander in this sprawling ode to human ingenuity, you'll feel great. Beautiful and educational views, stunning, sensual gardens, and a sense of serenity await you.
4	Gorgeous and sublime. One day isn't enough, really to truly absorb the feast here. And one must return because the is always more. Plan to stay till sunset so you can enjoy the view as well.
4	I always love this place.  So much to see.  I learn something new every visit.  I like to bring my visiting friends here to expose them.  Today we went late enough that they didn't charge us for entry.  I don't know if that's a regular practice but pretty cool.  The listening stations & activities were fun.  I went to this museum for the first time maybe 12 years ago & it's amazing to see how it has grown.I'm curious who goes there to buy $40,000 jewelry though.  Wow!
