2	After going by it on multiple occasions, a colleague and I decided to give it a try today, since their menu looked good as well as the place.  We were actually attracted by the fact that there was nobody (unlike the food court a level below). Our waitress, Julia, was nice but a bit too shy and inexperienced (she would ask one what to drink and not the other type of mistake) for that type of work. We both had soup (some type of cream) which were good (a good start to the meal).  My colleague ordered the gnocchi plate (which he liked) and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which came with fries.  The first fry I took I noticed their frying oil wasn't fresh and needed to be changed, so I tried another with some mayo, and there was an aftertaste to their mayo as well (like it been exposed to something and took the taste of it) so I didn't eat my fries, which did look good.  I did eat my sandwich, because I was hungry, but honestly it didn't taste all that good - it too, had an aftertaste I couldn't identify.  The pork as such was good, even if a bit too greasy.  Despite it's lovely decor, neither of us will go back because their food wasn't really that impressive.
5	The Atrium is located inside Les Cours Mont-Royal (shopping mall) on the first floor. It has two parts - a small dining area and a lounge with comfy seats. The lighting gives the lounge a nice ambience and with wifi, makes a great place to hang out and work.I found the lunches to be extremely fresh. I recommend the Thai wrap. Even the coleslaw (which I'm never a big fan of) was fresh and tasty. I've never had dinner here, but now I'm curious.What's nice about the Atrium is that you can get coffee, tea, and meals all day, and they even have a bar, if you're in the mood for a glass of wine. The staff are also very friendly.The place always seems empty, so it's quiet and private. I would even consider it a good casual date spot, for young people on a budget.It's a quiet oasis in the middle of the city.
5	I have to repeat what Michael said previously. He took the words out of my mouth.The Atrium is located inside Les Cours Mont-Royal (shopping mall) on the first floor. It has two parts - a small dining area and a lounge with comfy seats. The lighting gives the lounge a nice ambience and with wifi, makes a great place to hang out and work.I found the lunches to be extremely fresh. I recommend the Thai wrap. Even the coleslaw (which I'm never a big fan of) was fresh and tasty. I've never had dinner here, but now I'm curious.What's nice about the Atrium is that you can get coffee, tea, and meals all day, and they even have a bar, if you're in the mood for a glass of wine. The staff are also very friendly.The place always seems empty, so it's quiet and private. I would even consider it a good casual date spot, for young people on a budget.It's a quiet oasis in the middle of the city.
