5	I was visiting from California when I noticed an oil leak. I took my car to this location and the guys there were awesome. Very honest and helpful. Checked my car, fixed my leak, and I was on my way.
4	OK, I just went there today to have  my pickup serviced, and it occurred to me that these guys always treat me pretty well.  They never seem to be super busy and I'm not sure why, but I was in and out in about 15 minutes.
2	Quick service. Everything else is very poor. Customer service poor. Adding on unnecessary charges not approved by me. Explanation of what I actual need and what they say I should get was fuzzy and couldn't get a straight answer really. No... I'll try and find another place I won't feel taken advantage of
4	My first oil change since arriving in Phoenix. Thank you for fast, friendly & efficient service. I liked having options & recommendations. Even though some of the recommended replacement product are pricey the value added service makes up for it.
4	Not a bad joint. They took care of my jeep just right.   Best of all they gave an honest attempt to clean my window of bug guts. Only reason for 4 stars is they seemed understaffed and it took a bit longer than expected.
1	We came here to get an oil change, but we couldn't even get in the door because the managar, Robert, was so extremely rude. He kept interrupting and talking over us. We kept telling him that all we wanted was an oil change, and he kept asking us over and over again to get extras that cost more. He walked away while we were talking to him, and when we told him we wanted to drop the car off he got angry with us, even though there was an hour and a half wait time. Then, when we were filling out the drop off paperwork, he kept (again) trying to get us to add more expensive options. I told him that I didn't want anything that would cost extra, and he replied "Are we going to have a problem?" I told him "no, I just don't want anything that costs extra, that's what I keep telling you," and he said "you don't have to give me any attitude." Then he gave me my keys back and told us to leave. I tried to get my information back, including my address, phone number, name, and email (since I wasn't going to be a customer) and he refused to give me the paperwork. We had to actually rip the paperwork off the clipboard because he refused to return my information.I will NEVER go back to this location, because I don't trust the people there to give me the service I request, and I don't trust them with my personal information.
