2	I have a bone to pick with this dog park (pun intended).No Children under 12 allowed.What???
4	The park has two parts to it: a nice open grassy area and an agility course. It's very nice and clean with a shaded patio area. My dog and I love it here! I usually go at around 5pm on the weekdays and it is quite crowded.I never noticed that children under 12 were not allowed, but I've seen children in the area and no one seem to really care. There are plastic doggie bags, water bowls, and scoops available. The only thing to be careful about is that it does not separate small and big dogs....they play in one big area.
5	One day out of the blue, my wife says that I should take our dog, Jada, to the dog park.  With vague directions on where to go, my daughter and I found the Chandler playground equipped with a swimming pool and the Bark Park.  The Park Bark offers a large fenced in enclosure with a two gate system to enter.  I let Jada off her leash after traversing the second gate.  She was the smallest dog in the park, but all of the other larger dogs were friendly and there was no actual barking.  The larger dogs were playing fetch with balls and Frisbees.  I suspect that most of the owners who take their dogs to the Bark Park have well behaved dogs.  Turns out that Jada is more of a people person, and hung out with me most of the time rather than interacting with the other dogs.  She didn't explore much, so my daughter and I took her over to the training area for some doggy alone time.  The training area is a slightly smaller, yet large fenced in area with ramps and dog-sized horse jumps.  The Bark Park is a great place if you are looking to give your dog some off leash time in the city.  I would recommend a few poop bags and some toys.
5	While our usual dog park is closed for the summer undergoing turf maitanence this is a nice alternative. Its a small park compared to RJ dog park doesn't have a real seperation between large and small dogs but there is an agility course and plenty of dogs here on a Tuesday night around 830. The dog park can be described as a narrow patch of well maintIned grass grass be sure to bring some bags as its not supplied by the city but runs on donations.There is water with buckets spread and hand sanitizer under the main concrete area. Since its next to a pool you'll get a bit outdoor music.Owners are pretty cool and care about their dogs.
5	The fences keep little dogs in and there is water, toys, and obstacles for the pups. All of the owners are very responsible for their dogs. Pebbles had a blast!
5	It's a great park. Fenced in, plenty of room for the dogs. Water hose and buckets on site. Always busy around sunset.
