5	First time at FastMed yesterday and it was a great experience. Very quick to be seen, clean facilities, and all the staff was great. Total time in the urgent care was under an hour which is awesome.
5	Great experience. Fast, friendly and caring.
1	Good stuff:If you check in online you can get in very quicklyBad stuff:WARNINGI took my 3 year old daughter here for a strange, raspy cough, she had for a week.  I have 5 children, and usually can tell when something needs to be treated. The diagnosis was allergies and I was told to use a humidifier. No strep test, the attending nurse was not able to answer questions, and could not understand observations. 2 days later my daughter was diagnosed with strep.Facility has high employee turnover (every 3 months all new people, this is the second time this year).Do not bring your children here.Fast but deadly.
1	My doctor had just retired and I had little choice but to visit a "doc in a box" for an infected toe and this was close to work.  There wasn't even a doctor on the premises in the middle of the afternoon on a week day.  I was seen by a physician's assistance who barely even looked at my toe, gave me an antibiotic prescription, and sent me on my way.  My toe got much worse and I ended up seeing a specialist for fungus that was now invading my tissue.  Terrible medical service and I will NEVER go to another FastMed.  I wish me and my insurance company had our $295 back - yes, almost $300 for the non-doc's glancing look.  Good luck if you visit here - you're going to need it.
5	Very nice, new and clean facility. Multiple flat screen tvs and WiFi access help while waiting. Came in late on a Tuesday and received prompt service. Definitely recommend
1	Got hit on my bike a few days ago and as usual the pain started to get worse the longer I waited so thought I'd check them out to see if they can help me... Mistake accuse me of using drugs to excess because I donated my kidney so becauseI saved some ones life I don't deserve pain relief. Screw this place never will go here or let anyone I know go here
2	Scheduled a 8am appt on a Sunday so I could get in early and get on with my day. Except for the receptionist, the staff slowly showed up between 8:10 and 8:15. I expect a medical staff to be a little more professional.
1	Currently at fastmed. It's been close to two hours and still no doctor or PA or whoever to see me. Only 3 people when I got here in waiting room. definitely would not recommend this place. Too SSSSSLLLLLOOOOWWWW!
5	I called ahead to find out the wait time before visiting on a Saturday night around 7:00. Thankfully, there was only one other person waiting, so I got an appointment time online and headed over. Check in was easy and the waiting room is spacious, clean, and stocked with TVs, wifi, and magazines. I waited fewer than 10 minutes before being called back and then fewer than 5 minutes before seeing the PA, who examined me, listened to my symptoms (stubborn migraine), and prescribed a steroid (that's what I asked for since painkillers don't always work for me). All in all, a very satisfying experience. If the wait time is good next time I call, I'll definitely go back.
1	I have visited this establishment twice, and both times have been extremely unsatisfied. The first time, I got here a few minutes before opening, but the door was unlocked. I walked in, thinking they were just open early, and when the employees came out and saw me in the lobby, they asked me what I was doing there (fairly obvious, I think), and then made me leave the building and wait until they were actually open before they would help me at all. Mind you, it was about 10 minutes before open at this point. They were extremely rude, and I felt as though my health didn't matter, especially if they were willing to make me leave and go back outside, regardless of my sickness. The second time, I drove friends here as it was conveniently located. The lady behind the desk gave out forms and then walked away, not to be seen again for fifteen to twenty minutes, even though no one else was here, and we were done with the forms and just waiting idly by. The customer/patient service here is atrocious, and I do not recommend going to this clinic, no matter how convenient it may be.
