4	We have been to La Cocina for lunch several times. Always good for a quick lunch close to the office. My friend raves about their beans, and they are pretty good, if I may say so myself. Do not let the location fool you, they are a sit down restaurant and bring chips & salsa to your table upon seating. They also accommodate to-go orders. I have always ordered the combination plate which I choose 1 beef [hard] taco and 1 chicken enchilada [with red sauce]; my friend raves about their green sauce chicken enchiladas and their green sauce is good, but I am a red sauce kind of guy. They are reasonably priced and the table service, while not the best out there, is adequate for the type of restaurant.
2	I had gone to this restaurant several times and this will be the final trip.  It was pretty good when it first open.  I usually get the torta w/beef fajitas.  It's more costly than it should be but the quality was decent.  I stopped ordering it because the last time I got it, the meat was not grilled how I remember it to be.  This visit, I decided to try the chicken taquito plate.  They were stale taquitos stuffed with flavorless shredded chicken.  I barely ate anything on my plate because quite frankly, the quality had dropped big time.Service was good and yes, you do get chips and salsa.  Not good enough for me to return, however.
5	Yum!  Delicious menudo
4	If you're in Vegas and looking for some good quality Mexican food hit this place up.. The menudo was almost as good as my Grandma's! The tortillas were fresh, the rice and beans tasted homemade and the price was decent.. The salsa was not the greatest, but if you ask them they will bring out the good stuff..
4	Very very clean restaurant. Service is quick. My husband and I came here looking for something yummy and inexpensive. Dinners run about 7-10 dollars, fair price for the portions. We left very happy.
2	I tried their combo plate with fish taco, chile relleno, refried beans, and rice ($7.99) + an extra $2.00 for the chile relleno & fish taco.  I highly recommend against these two menu items cause it was disgusting, to say the least.  I didn't eat any of it!  I've had a lot of different types of chile relleno, most being stuffed with goodness, but this one was flat wrapped in some egg type bread batter nastiness, and topped with cheese.  I don't know what it was, but it had a type of omelette texture and was kind of rubbery/chewy.  Can't explain, it was  gross!  Fish taco was very bland, lacking any flavor.  It was a few pieces of fried soggy fish, with lettuce, cheese and a spoon full of mayo.Pass, pass, pass!!BF had a burrito, and it was huge!!  This will fill you up if you're super hungrrry, but didn't really care for it either.  Everything was mashed up inside.  When I have a burrito, there are usually visible layers of the meat, beans, rice, cheese, etc.  This burrito was just stuffed with a blob of mashed up meat, sauce, and whatever else was in there. Passss!Also had the carne asada tacos; it was the only thing I liked.  The meat was flavorful, tender, and was the only thing worth paying for ($2.99, but still kinda pricey for a taco).  This alone gets 3 stars.  Service?  I walked in, wasn't greeted, so I walked up to the counter, grabbed menus and sat down.  I wasn't sure if I was supposed to order and sit down, or if it was table service?  I noticed other people sitting with the menu, so I just took a seat.  She took forever to take our order.  We got up to ask for the check, ask for to-go containers, and we also walked back up to pay?? Not a big deal, but the woman running the front of the house wasn't very hospitable.
4	I like this place. It's down the street from work, it's fast, it's cheap, and it's darn good mexican.If you order a burrito add lettuce and tomato, some of the stuff comes out rather plain for me.It's def not going to be the *best* Mexican food you have ever had but it sure won't be the worst!
