5	When you enter White Dove Thrift Shoppe, it's easy to forget you are in a thrift store!  From the friendly greeting by a Hospice of the Valley volunteer as you enter, to the tastefully displayed merchandise, you are hooked!  The store's items are top-notch quality, no stains & smells here folks.  The store is clean, and smells clean too.  The mostly volunteer staff, as well as the managers are very friendly and outgoing.  I always leave feeling happy I went.But this is where the fun begins:  THE PRICES ARE GREAT!  There are always several sales going on with certain color tag clothing going for anywhere from $0.25 to $1.00.  If you like to read, like I do, their book prices can't be beat.  I think the highest is $.1.50 for hardback books.  Even if the items you want aren't on sale, you will be amazed at the prices for such beautiful things. I am in this store at least 3 days a week.  And their merchandise sells so fast that the turnaround is amazing.  Every time I go in there are new treasures!  Take a look!  If you love thrift store shopping, it doesn't get any better than this!!!
5	I've prolly been to every thrift store in town dozens of times, I go almost every day. This is one of my favorites. Whoever is sorting donations here has a "picker's" eye. Great prices and proceeds go to a great cause. Daily special and small store pricing makes this better than the corporate, overpriced, big guys (Savers & Goodwill I'm looking at you)But it's the selection that sets it apart. If you are looking for hand selected vintage items at sub antique store prices, and enjoy the hunt,  this is your place.
5	Definitely the cleanest neatly organized thrift shop I've ever been too. Everything is organized nicely, a very easy shop. Found some awesome home items at a great deal!! I will be back.
4	This place is so cute! And so huge!! I came in looking for tea cups, and boy did I find the mother load...the only thing was that the majority of cups came in dish sets, so I only walked out with two cups that were not apart of anything. But, either way, their dish/tea set selection was incredible. This place reminded me more of an antique store than a thrift shop. The prices were a little more than thrift shop prices normally are, but definitely less than an antique shop. They had quite a big selection of furniture, and good quality too. They had tons of clothes, but I honestly didn't look through those. There are so many things to see, it's impossible to see it all in one visit!A nice surprise happened when I went to check out with my two teacups. They were both marked $3 for the cup and saucer, which is at the top of my budget (I've been paying an average of $1.50 for teacups with saucers at Good Will) but, I decided to get them since they were nice and in very good condition. When the lady rang me up she said, 'well, these are on sale today so you get both tea cups and saucers for $3" SCORE! That made my day....it only made me wonder what else was 'on sale' because then I might have bought more! Another nice thing about this place is that all proceeds benefit Hospice of the Valley. They said they get two truck loads of stuff every week (I'm not sure from where) besides what people donate. Anyways, it's nice to shop knowing you are benefiting a good cause!
5	What a wonderful store! Organized, clean, and amazing finds. (I'm looking at you, croaking Christmas frogs and homemade Santa hat.) The staff is fantastic and so helpful. They let me know that the store would be closing soon for the day but I could take my time while still looking around. Then after my purchase, they even helped me out to my car! I can't remember the last time, if ever, I have been helped to my car. Mondays are senior days and, I believe, Saturdays are military and student days. The best part is that all the amazing finds you purchase go to a great cause, Hospice of the Valley. That makes me feel wonderful knowing that the proceeds go to a group that gives so much.
