5	Skin Oasis is a great spa! The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I went in to get laser hair removal on underarms. Christine explained the process to me and let me know how it would feel during the treatment. The laser treatment was less than ten minutes and the outcome is great. I will definitely be returning for further laser removal and to try the other treatments they offer.
5	Great new spa. I got the teeth whitening, which was painless and easy, and it improved them by 8 shades. They had a lot of other good services available, including many which were on sale. I'll definitely come back and get the whitening done in the future.
5	I received a Botox treatment here and few weeks ago and it was a great experience. The treatment was affordable the results have been great. My skin is wonderful and they used just the right amount to keep my look natural. They also have some great deals on laser treatments, which I plan to check out in the near future. Christine and Brian are the best.
5	Love this new med spa!!! The staff is very friendly and really make you feel comfortable. They explained all procedures and answered all my questions. I recommend this med spa.
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome people work here.  I would recommend anyone looking check this place out.  Christine and her husband are amazing people and truly care about what they do!
4	This overhauled house makes for a fabulous ambience. Friendly and comfortable.  The providers are great.  Christine reAlly knows her stuff, let me tell you.  I am a huge skeptic of these kind of treatments so it is with great humility that I admit, my brown spots are disappearing and my skin is looking amazing.  Love this place.
5	I had a wonderful first visit to Skin Oasis over the Christmas Holiday! The staff was super friendly and answered all my questions I had regarding my treatments. Teeth whitening was painless and my teeth look so much better. I had my first laser hair treatments as well, which I highly recommend! They also do b-12 shots for a quick energy boost and flu shots. Both were painless.  I am looking forward to my next visit!! :)
5	Christine and Brian are amazing! Both have a background in nursing and it really shows by the true compassion they have for their clients. They take the time to explain what to expect and address any concerns or questions you may have about the services. I had the photo facial done and had great results. Christine sent me a follow-up email to check in on how I was doing and to remind me about post follow-up care. How thoughtful is that! A few weeks ago I had the teeth whitening done and couldn't be happier with the results. Only took 15 minutes and my teeth whitened 6 shades. I highly recommend their services and their caring environment.
