3	Upon walking in, I was immediately a fan of this place -- I like the vibe, it's very young and fun. It was a great, high-energy workout. I've only gone to one instructor, Robbie, twice. He is a good instructor, but I felt offended by him both times I went. Both times he said "the music is going to fuck you, fuck it back, no one wants to fuck a dead fish." He also said things like "put your ass in the air" and about how cycling would make my sex life so much better. The music was so loud I could barely hear him, thank god, so I'm sure I missed many more gems like this. I'd rather not feel antagonized, belittled, offended, and treated like a piece of meat during my workout. I have heard good things about other instructors, so I will just have to check out some other instructors who are less abrasive, but he did deliver a great workout and had a good playlist. But I'd rather not return to him as an instructor because I'd feel like I was affirming the way he spoke to the class which was frankly not okay.ETA: I emailed the company with my concerns and received a very kind, sincere, and apologetic email ensuring that this would never happen again. They also credited three classes to my account. Very cool. I'll definitely give it another shot with some different instructors.ETA (again): A few weeks after I got a response from the company regarding Robbie's way of speaking, I got a text from a friend about another male instructor, Danny, whose apparent opinion on why college-aegd women work out is so that they can look good while "fucking your boyfriend" or to burn off calories so they can "binge drink later." The fact that both these men talk this way makes me think that maybe this company was founded on a misogynistic misconception of the reasons why women our age work out, which in my opinion is to feel good, be healthy, and relieve stress. Some of us may do it for other, more personal reasons, but it is unfair and offensive to assume that we are all vapid and shallow creatures whose only purpose in life is to look good for men/burn enough calories to carry on binge drinking.
4	Rarely do I find a workout that I actually enjoy. But the combination of music and cycling makes me look forward to attending classes at CYC Fitness. If you are into fast paced, intense workouts, then CYC is for you. They claim that you burn upwards of 1,000 calories per class. Once you see how much they make you sweat, you will definitely believe that statement. All the instructors that I've had have been fun. They are good at motivating you to stay strong through the whole class and push yourself until the end. Some of the instructors aren't as intense as others, so it's a good idea to go to different classes so you can get a feel for who you like best. There is nothing wrong with picking a favorite here, because no matter who your instructor is, you are going to sweat and be sore the next day. The only downfall of CYC is the price. As a college student, it's hard for me to justify dropping $150 for only 10 classes. I'm hoping that as the company expands they will be able to lower prices for students.I have trouble staying motivated during workouts, but the group and music aspects of CYC help me get through a 45-minute class. The playlists are awesome and the workout is fun. Your first class is free, so I would definitely give CYC Fitness a try.
5	I was the chubby girl growing up...like, C-H-U-B-B-Y. So, an exercise better bring a lot to the table when trying to get the attention of a girl who loses all focus once cake enters a room. I fell in love with CYC after attending Yelp's In It To Thin It event (http://www.yelp.com/biz/yelps-in-it-to-thin-it-cyc-fitness-madison#hrid:1qfbFKHfrY26SfAHv2_GlQ/src:self) and I've gone back for more through their current Summer 6-Pack promotion.I've been back twice, once at 6:30pm and again at 12:30pm. Hit up a 12:30pm slot if you're looking for a class that's a little less packed (at least through the summer while students are gone) but still high on energy. The pricing is a wee bit high but it seems like they dish out various specials and package deals fairly frequently, which makes it more reasonable. The staff is fab and the "cycologists" show no mercy as evident in the sweat-drenched clothes I usually walk out of the studio with. After 45 minutes I leave and am all, "Cake? Cake who?" It's a good thing.
4	I think CYC Fitness is part cult. But in a good way. Once you go, you can't stop. Something lulls you back in, even when your legs and glutes don't want you to. The first time I came here was with a Yelp Elite event. I left there covered in sweat and barely able to put one foot in front of the other on my walk back to my car. But then I realized how good I felt. So I went back. I bought a bunch of rides and now I go once a week. I have done classes at all times of the day,but I have to say that my favorite classes are the weekly theme rides on Wednesday or Thursday evenings. Each session has a similar set of rides (hills, jumps, runs, etc), but yet each class and each instructor are different. I have yet to have the same instructor twice and I have gone 4 more times. While it isn't easy to go to a 615 am class and then work all day, at the end of the day I know it was worth the ___ kicking i was given that morning. Why didn't I give it 5 stars? A wee-bit expensive. And I'm not a college kid on campus; I have a big-girl job that pays well and I still think its a smidge out of a reasonable price range. I'll keep going because hey, I need a good motivator every week or so.
4	I don't want to like CYC as much as I do, but I got hooked by the first-class-free promotion and kept coming back at least once a week (and thought about it constantly while I was out of town for the summer). It's definitely targeted towards undergraduates (more on that in a minute), but the music is great, the instructors are inspiring, and you leave class with an endorphin rush like none other. It's definitely no ordinary spin class - I don't think I've ever sweat as much as I have during CYC. Also, the fact that a class is a 45 minute full body workout is great for busy days when I don't feel like spending upwards of an hour slogging through the SERF cardio and weight rooms.My one gripe - and it's a pretty big gripe, really - is how expensive it is. They recently changed their policy so that student discounts are offered only for students 23 and younger, which pretty much ignores the THOUSANDS of grad students at UW, many of whom are current or potential customers (and don't live parent-subsidized lifestyles anymore, and thus probably have a lot less cash lying around than most undergrads). It's just a further declaration that their whole business model is geared towards the 18-22 year old set, and that they don't really want any olds (25, ha ha) taking their classes. This price hike will probably affect the frequency with which I return to CYC in the future, but, like I said, I am kind of addicted.
3	This is a three and a half star review.   I sweat and I look damn good while doing so. At least at cyc with the lights dim. In my mind. With my eyes closed. Ok I may not look pretty but neither will anyone else. You will be drenched after any cyc workout. Keoni, Daniel, Molly, and Steph worked me harder than I would on my own. That's the point of group exercise classes. Peer pressure at its finest.   I tried out cyc during a short stay in Madison. These 45 minute workouts pack a strong punch. Your legs will be screaming midway through the workout and you will be tempted to cheat with the resistance.    They offer a classes in the morning and evenings, including the weekends. One reserves a bike online. Be careful with the cancellation policy though.   There are a couple very nice, sleek bathrooms with showers. I never took advantage of them but one was always opened when I needed a quick clean-up or potty break.  Now, I feel old at cyc. It brings back memories of rushing for sororities and why I quickly realized that was not for me. But it is what it is. Im there to workout, not to socialize so I can't count that against them.   Here's the Debbie Downers-The music. I like loud music. I blast it while driving. However, it is too loud here. I am no doctor (not yet) but I know my ringing ears after class is not a good thing. If I were to attend cyc classes for an extended period of time I would have to wear ear plugs. The fact they provide free ear plugs tells you something. You'll need them and I would recommend them! Also with the music so loud, I found it near impossible to comprehend most of what the instructors were screeching. Turn down the music a tad.   I am a fan of encouragement during my workouts. Not threats of "Im going to start the song over if you drop your arms." More motivation. Less threats.    The cost- It's expensive. Having a student discount is nice. Limiting it to undergraduates annoys me. While I am not an undergrad, I am a full time student with no income.   Because the entire workout is on a bicycle, I feel a good, tough ab workout is lacking. Abs are important. Also, the arm exercises with the hand held weights are a bit repetitive,  Cyc is a great cardio workout for all ages and sizes and abilities. You'll burn calories, your quads, and a hole in your wallet all at the same time.
5	I'm a CYCO. I can't stop and I won't stop, this place kicks my ass and I smile through the entire workout. I could go bang my head against a wall during a spin class at a gym like The Princeton Club or mindlessly stare at a wall running on a treadmill at Planet Fitness, but I'd rather endure the energy of CYC for any price. The instructors are as good as it gets- classes with Jenny, Steph, Rachel, or Daniel are highly recommended and if you are fortunate to book a class with Keoni, the mind behind the method, don't miss it. I don't personally know the instructors beyond the class or their Twitter and Instagram accounts but they feel like my family at times. They are incredibly encouraging and very passionate about their jobs making new comers feel extremely welcome to their "tribe". Before each ride, I am always anticipating the playlists the cycologist's put together as they often reflect each instructor. I love that they give you clip in shoes for in the past I've had to wear my own tennis shoes in straps on a junk bike and they have clean facilities and lockers; they've really covered all bases. I hope to see them expand beyond WI, TX, and NY someday. If you're on the fence about trying it out, GO. You're going to be sore the next day but you're going to have a blast and sweat like a pig but then be addicted to the infectious spirit of the workout. RESERVE YOUR BIKE NOW AND CATCH THAT BEAT!
5	Honestly the best workout class I've EVER been to.  Super Motivating during your first class, everyone is really nice they show you around.  The amenities are excellent...and You literally get your butt kicked..which is the whole point of working out right?  The instructors work their butts off right along with you and give you some great encouraging words to live by at the end.  I'm new to cycling/spinning, but this is something I'm DEFINTELY going to stick with...They have good specials and referring bonuses too. I'm a CYC fanatic now!!
5	I could be that I'm the oldest person to ever go to CYC Fitness in Madison based on the reviews...and possibly the only male.  Look at my other posts, I'm a serious fitness enthusiast.  I love indoor cycling in all it's forms.   I was in Madison for a meeting and followed the advice of a friend to attend a CYC class.  The studio sign in area, lobby, and locker area is large and comfortable.  The studio was loud, but I've been to louder.  The work out was tough, no doubt.  I was soaked after 45 minutes, which for me, is the measure of a great workout.  The instructor introduced himself, sought me out as new to the studio, assured I was set up correctly, and checked on me at the end of class.  I was super pleased with the experience.  I frequent some of the best studios in Chicago.  The amenities at CYC are second to none and I was pleased with the post work out shower facilities.  Downside, the bikes are just a little close.  I felt that it would have been better to have had a few more fans in the room.  It was hot, and not just because I was getting my butt kicked.  It is definitely focused on co-eds.  Of course that's a major focus of the studio since if is located on University Ave in the middle of Madison.  But, there is a larger market in that area and they should try to expand their reach.I really enjoyed the experience and I'll definitely go back!
4	If I could describe my life in a series of actions, I would say that I love to eat, sleep, and spin. If any studio, gym, or venue advertises a spin class, you can trust that I will try it at least twice. As a Chicago native, I've been spinning at Flywheel for almost three years, and have recently made the move to Madison. I can't say that either replaces the other, but Cyc is definitely becoming a new favorite of mine.The actual class itself is well organized, but also different from any spin class I've ever attended. Cyc advertises "spinning with the beat of the music," so there's no rpm, no torque, no "score." When you spin with the music, you also spin in sync with the instructor and your neighbors, and it creates a sense of camaraderie that pushes you to keep up. The class is dark , but the lights change with the type of song the instructor plays (if you want to stick out, wear yellow. I always do). Something that sets Cyc aside, however, is how the class is set up; each class is set up into 3-4 "sectors," with each sector consisting or 2-4 songs. Unlike Flywheel (which allows for a 4-5 minute song of just arms), one sector at Cyc is dedicated to a full upper body workout that imitates a sport or an action. My personal favorites have been basketball and rowing (even though rowing kills me). I have spun with four different instructors so far, and each instructor is very different. I do not have a favorite so far. Though the overall setup stays the same, each instructor brings a new attitude and a new lineup of workouts. Just know that each of them will kick your butt.Cyc is located in downtown Madison, but parking is not too difficult to find (the studio also validates 60 minutes for parking downstairs, but you will find yourself still paying $2-3 if you arrive early or leave late). The studio is small, but the venue is clean and open. The staff is understanding, welcoming, and remembers loyal spinners. They answered all questions I had and were very accommodating to any situations that arose that compromised my ability to attend a class (which is not something I am willing to take advantage of, but grateful for nonetheless).Overall, I came to Madison for a new job, and I think I'm staying for the food and the spinning. I can't wait to attend more classes, try new instructors, and meet more people so I can update this review to 5 stars.
5	I knew I'd love this place the minute I walked in; over fifteen rides later, I love it even more. The staff is really kind, and they are so accommodating and answer all your questions if and when they can. I enjoy the rides just as much the first time; the rides don't get easier, you just get stronger. The first time you ride with Cyc, you'll be breathing heavy and dreaming about eating a burrito. Now, each ride flies, and I feel like I got an intense workout in minutes. With the instructor's energy, enthusiasm from your fellow cyclists, and the intense lights and music, I actually feel like I'm having a party. All I need is a strobe light.I have grown to love Steph's Power Hours, and I haven't missed one in weeks. Those classes are almost always full, so I always make sure to reserve my bike right away. I enjoy riding with all the instructors, and I have noticed that each instructor is so different (especially their music and the energy they bring). My only advice for which instructor to sign up with is just to try a class with each of them. Favorite part of each workout is of course upper body (especially boxing). I have a love-hate relationship with traveling gears; I love it because it works your abs, ass, and legs. Hate sometimes because I'm a hot mess after every time. But mostly love.The studio's shower amenities are wonderful, and I love how amazingly clean and well stocked the bathrooms are. Take full advantage because I have never seen a studio like it. They DO carry large shower towels, but bring your own just in case.My only complaints would be that the locker "rooms" are a little too tight, and I find myself being pushed and rubbed up against (when I'm sweaty? Nooooooo thank you). Also, water bottles are not free, but refilling your water is. So bring your own bottles.There's a reason why I've been spinning here 3-4 times a week. Bring your friends, because you'll be hooked. PS: Wear bright colors!
5	CYC Fitness is an incredible high octane place to work out. The staff is always welcoming and eager to get to know you. What really impressed me with the CYC Model of working out is the fact that, you always are pedaling/riding to the beat of a song. Not only do you spin, but an upper body workout is built into several sectors each ride with weights ranging from 1-4lbs. The playlists are always unique and killer. The pricing is justified by the product you receive. 45 minutes by yourself in a gym always takes forever but a ride with any Cycologist and you'll be wondering where the time went. You have to go at least twice to really understand the method and how it all works. Riding to music and the various sectors can be daunting at first but by ride two you'll be a pro. Give it a try you won't regret it for some many reasons least of all the killer workout!
