3	I think this is the Native New Yorker that hits its demographic and executes its concept the best in the Valley.  After all, It is JUST a simple sports bar, with plenty of HD screens in good angles, beer specials and very good wings.  They maintain the feeling of a gamewatch spot better than the Mesa location, which appears to be more of a family dining spot, and reduce the frat-bar vibe of the Tempe location. I would consider NNY's wings the best in the valley for anyplace NOT names Hazlewood's.  They have a great flavor, but they tend to mix in a few small afterbirth rejects into your basket and count them as one of your dozen.  No fair.There is no reason to rush out and get to this NNY location if there is one by you, but if you are in Sprawltukee, its a more-than-suitable place to stop by for a serious game watch.*Side note:  everytime I've watched a game of personal importance here, my rooting interest has lost.  If you are this type of superstitious sports fan like I am, you might want to be mindful of a possible jinx.
3	Native New Yorker is your average pizza and wings joint. The good thing is that they don't just serve pizza and wings. There are plenty of sandwiches, burgers, sliders, and salads to choose from too. There are TV's everywhere showing all types of sports going on. Tuesdays are cheap wing days (25 cents, I think. I could be wrong) and Thursdays are boneless wing days..mmm boneless wings. I only go there when I'm craving some grease, so that tells you the quality of the food. It's not bad at all, it's just not good for you! Even most of their salads come with something fried on top of them. I would imagine the place loads up after work. I've never been. Today I had their buffalo chicken pizza. Eh... it wasn't spicy at all. I was kind of bummed. The waitress gladly brought me a side of wing sauce to give it a kick. My lunch pal had some wings and potato skins...healthy. He said that everything was delicious. We made a deal to come back and try the boneless wings on Thursday...stand by for an update. Bottom line, Native New Yorker is an a-ok place to eat! Nothing terribly fancy, but your run of the mill sports bar. Not a bad place for a wing fix at lunch time!
4	WARNING! My rating is based off the wings and beer. Nothing else on the menu.  I was a big hooters fan, but when I moved here, everyone said try this place for wings, and I did and they are great! The best ones are the honey hot wings.  I love coming here for football games tons of flat screens everywhere and happy hour is great 22oz of blue moon for $3 bucks cannot beat that price!  By the way do not get the pizza it is really awful, I suggest NYPD for NY style pizza.
4	We were up in Phoenix earlier this week for a few baseball games and stayed on the PHX/Chandler side of town.  This particular Native New Yorker was just a few minutes from our hotel, so we thought we'd give it a try since they have trivia (Buzztime...formerly NTN) and acccording to their website, several beers on tap!Beer selection was good, LIITs were excellent - and even better, we were pleasantly surprised by the food...better than your basic sports bar fare...it was good!  The first night we tried the chicken strips with asian garlic dipping sauce on the side (slightly salty, but very good).  Later we ordered a pepperoni pizza and thought it was just as good as Hazelwoods (with the exception of the crust, which I prefer to be as thin as possible).  The next night we checked out their sandwiches; John had the turkey wrap (loved it; suggests getting a little thousand island dressing on the side) and I had the reuben which was equally good.It was a good crowd...we had some good trivia competition and no idiots anywhere in sight.  They have a patio with misters as well as plenty of space inside. Loved our bartender Victoria, who is also one mean trivia player!If you're looking for a good sports bar, we can recommend this one!  We won't hesitate to stop in again when we're in that part of town.
1	A group of men went over here to get some beer and wings last night, and a few customers gave them a bad look because obviously there were two gay couples. They ordered some food and drinks, but the bartender immediately started being rude to them when asking for their IDs. They did nothing but want some food and drinks. One of them was asked to leave immediately, and the group asked why they needed to leave. The bartender just kept getting ruder and ruder. Eventually the group got up to leave without eating, as the bartender told them they weren't wanted... he said that Native New Yorker is a "straight bar" and they weren't wanted there ever.
1	While I have not eaten at this particular NNY( I moved here from NY and is not that "native"...at all) it's 2 min away from where I live.Food is meh at the other ones though.  I just saw Devon review and I'm appalled and disgusted. If in fact it's  true, I will never visit this restaurant and will urge everyone I know to do the same as well. It is one thing to have different believes and a whole other to display such hatred and bigotry. I appreciate this type of reviews, that way I can avoid places like this.
4	This place is actually really great. Sorry it's not "native" enough for real new yorkers, but what do you think you're gonna get in Arizona? The chicken strippers are delicious, my buffalo burger was great, and my waiter was a good guy.
2	Wings were not what we ordered (maybe she should have written it down) had to ask for napkins (really, with wings) no soda refills (not one) she would actually stop by and ask if we needed anything else. Really? Take a look around! Then she has to audacity to ask if we were going to be ordering anything else, because she was getting ready to get off. AYFKM? This service just sucked, and the wings were totally saturated with sauce when I explicitly mentioned how I wanted mine. Anyway, I will not be going back to the Native here again for some time. I have found my place for Wings and it is Teakwoods!
3	I found out about this place a few years ago while I was in high school. Tuesday nights is wing night, $0.25 wings, and its a damn good deal if you're into wings. The only catch is, that you have to buy a soda to get the special pricing. I kind of have an issue, if I drink a lot of soda and eat of lot of wings, the combination is bad about 20 minutes after I finish eating and I get home. What's worse, is that sometimes some waiters will make your whole table get drinks for the deal, and sometimes they won't. However, do they really have to make me feel bad for not getting drinks? I'm not easily embarassed with my family, but when this happens on multiple occasions, you get annoyed. Aside from this issue, the servers are friendly and nice. Drinks are refilled often, food is brought out fresh and hot.Wow, does this place have a ton of wing flavors. Almost all of the wing flavors are solid. I really enjoy all the possibilities. They don't charge for ranch like other places (I'm talkin' to you BWW), and they have ample amounts of veggies with each order. If you're in the mood for wings, I suppose this is one of the best places you can go to if you want to sample different flavors. The wings are also sized well compared to...BWW. I've tried a few things other than wings here, and to be quite honest I'm not impressed at all. If this place didn't have wings, it might have closed down a while ago.The atmosphere is very weird. Wing nights are usually full of immature high school students, and like Devon said, they're just plain bigots. I'm not surprised that the atmosphere of this place is very 'bar-like', like you see in the movies. Just imagine a typical southern bar...I'm a colored person, and when I go here, I don't feel very welcome by the crowd. It's harsh to rate the restaurant on this, because I feel that this isn't the restaurant's fault, but I'd like to be comfortable when I eat.Before I moved and experienced better hot wings, I would have rated this place 5-star. I went to this place at least 2-3 times a month. While I was away from Phoenix I happened to let my taste buds experience some succulent and better hot wings. The hot wings here are just very plain, no individuality to them. Throughout my travels, I've had some interesting hot wings that were especially unique. While the honey hot, teriyaki, and Parmesan dusted are all good flavors, I can only have so much of them. The service also brings this down a star.Also, it'd be great if this place did get a little bit more diverse. There are no sports bars that show futbol (I'm talking about soccer) games. I would gladly come here in the mornings to watch some European soccer (ESPN2 shows a lot of matches in the morning). However, I feel like this is such a closed sports bar in terms of diversity. American football, baseball, basketball. Cool...
3	One thing Native does well is wings.  I usually get their Asiago Dusted Parmesan wings.  Love them.  They are a bit oily and greasy, but hey.. they're wings!This last trip I went my buddy and I ordered those wings, but on the menu they show up as Asiago wings going on medium wings.  I asked them to put them on the hot instead.  But instead, they gave us regular hot wings with Parmesan on it..  So... the wings weren't great.Was bummed, but I'll go again down the road.
2	"You guys have any specials running tonight?"  "Yeah 22oz domestic drafts for $3.""Okay cool, I'll take a Blue Moon."  "That's not part of the special.""Is it on draft?"  "Yes.""It's made by Coors."  "Yeah, well." So... it's not ALL domestic drafts. It's just the cheapa-- domestic drafts.I can't stand stuff like this. The guy was friendly enough though.
2	Eesh. I'm going to try to avoid this place. I'll admit it's not my style at all though it suits others just fine: not veg friendly, not energetic, not worth the money. I don't have to eat like a health nut to enjoy my food, but even their french fries suck. And that's my main criteria for judging mediocre venues with limited meatless fare. You could earn an entire star with good french fries despite a crappy atmostphere. Native New Yorker? Fail.The other food I saw wandering around looked pretty, um, bad...from what I hear the pizza is especially unappetizing. The waitstaff was average and on the slow side. The beer selection is ok and I sat contently with my Stella. But overall this is not my scene.
4	I have been going to this location for years but had stopped going the wings were going downhill. But recently I was in the neighborhood so I wanted to give it another try... Plus someone had given me a tip I need to try out. The tip is order the wings extra crispy and get them. (Spicy Mustard Asiago Parmesan Dusted) Plus I found out now you can get all wings or all drums or both that's a cool thing. I always enjoy the Seasoned Curly Q's fries... So I would have to say this lunch was really good and I will be back for more wings.
4	This little hidden gem deserves more credit than it gets.  I had a fabulous cobb salad that I would rate better than most Sports Bars would have.There was a separated bar and restaurant which is always a bonus for this kind of restaurant, it was clean, lit up and plenty-o-TV's.  The service was very good and I would go back in a heart beat to try their wings and pizza.
5	Wings Wings Wings....otherwise this place is pretty decent i have been here before and will definitely return
3	This review is for Take-Out Service only:I frequently go to this Native to get hot wings on my way home from work. When you call you can expect to almost always be placed on hold before putting in your order. The time they quote is usually spot on. However, how you pick-up the wings is kind of inconsistent. Sometimes, they ask for the color and make of your car and meet you in the Take-out order parking lot; other times you have to go to the door and ask for your order. My order is always correct and the wings are still crispy when I get home, so overall this is still a convenient and good place for wings.
1	I can honestly say that this was one of the worst meals I have eaten in a long time.My boyfriend suggested a particular local sit-down pizza joint, so I drove to where I thought I'd seen it located, but it turned out to be Native New Yorker instead. We were hungry so we decided to give it a whirl anyway.My boyfriend is not hard to please when it comes to pizza, he's a standard pepperoni kinda guy. He ordered a 10" pepperoni pizza, which looked like your average pizza, no frills. After the first bite, he gave a thumbs down and made a sad face. All this, coming from a man who regularly eats junky chain pizzas without complaint. He said the crust was bland, the sauce didn't taste like much and it was waaaay greasy. I tried some myself and it was truly awful pizza.I ordered the Linebacker sandwich (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, mozzarella, avocado) which sounded promising and looked quite good as well. The turkey was standard shaved deli counter meat with little flavor, the lettuce and tomato was fine, the bacon added some much needed salt to the sandwiched , and the avocado was very unripe, thus flavorless. The only saving grace of the sandwich that made it palatable was the bread roll which had a decent crust on it. For my side, I opted for their "house-made chips". They looked awesome, a good golden brown and sliced very thin lengthwise. Sadly, they were served completely cold and undersalted. Some were pretty floppy and undercooked. I know they're potato chips, but was I wrong in assuming that they might have been fried to order and served hot?The more I think about this meal, the more upset I get. While the price for our meal wasn't outrageous, the food was still amazingly mediocre. I don't like knowing I could have gone to the Safeway and bought a pre-made deli turkey sandwich for $3.99 that would have been basically just as tasty as something I paid more than double for. I've noticed that many reviews mention the chicken wings as being especially good, but I don't know if I'll give them another chance so I could find out.
4	The wings here are awesome! So many flavors to choose from, and each one is finger-lickin delicious! The prices are very reasonable, and the service is very good. In case if you're not into wings, they have other selections to choose from the menu.
1	Don't forget anything on the table, the staff will steal it! Hope the busser enjoys the new Oakley's! The 12 year old hostesses have trouble seating and communicating with guests! For a second I thought they were gonna pass me a note and make me check yes or no if a booth was ok! And don't address the manager about anything substantial, as long as his high school staff thinks he's a cool boss, his self esteem will be neutralized! A little adult interaction might do him good!
3	Pretty good wings, but the beer selection is trapped in the 90's (or maybe the 80's).  In an era where you can get a serviceable IPA in any generic chain restaurant in town, this place is relentlessly hop-free.  For the love of god, it's time for a change. The Four Peaks truck is already dropping off Kilt Lifter...how about adding Hop Knot. Or Odell IPA, Stone IPA, or even just Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.Updating to three stars because now they have Hop Knot on tap!
2	I like their food menu but the service wasn't great and their happy hour was seriously lacking selection! Nothing was very clear and our waitress seemed as though it was the worst day of her life and waiting on us was the cherry on top. My girlfriends and I won't be going back for happy hour.
4	The pineapple teriyaki wings are great, the honey hot flavor is awesome, but the bar is not always clean as it could be. I hate traveling to the one in Ahwatukee because I'm ALWAYS the only minority there and I tend to get a bit scared all by minority lonesome. I've visited this location a few times and it's never as clean as the one in Ahwatukee. Serious SAD FACE!
2	Visited this location for the first time tonight.  I had the California Chicken sandwich and substituted the broccoli for the friesThe chicken sandwich was excellent,  very tasty.   However the broccoli was very bland like it was washed under hot water and served.   It definitely could have used a step up or two in flavor.   For dessert I got a piece of  cheesecake to go with strawberries.   It was a good portion,  but just average in flavor.   However, they did't pack any plastic wear or napkins with it which I would assume there would be with a to go order.
4	We like coming here - its a sports bar full of all diff kinds of fans. Best place for pizza, beer and a crowd.
3	The Good: We absolutely love their wings and its becoming a regular for us to go every other Tuesday for their wing deal. We always get the honey hot wings and share a side of either regular fries or the loaded fries.The Bad: I do feel the wings are a bit too pricey, even on the deal days. Also, what is up with their high school hostesses!? They are incredibly rude and give dirty looks every single time we have gone, which is now around 7 times. Someone really needs to put these girls in check. Goodness. This is the reason for 3 stars instead of 4. I would actually give it 3.5 stars if I could.We like the atmosphere and it always seems clean and the servers have been very nice so far.
5	Food and service was great. It had been awhile since my wife and I had been here. It was clean and bright. Going for the cookie and ice cream.
3	typical bar food nothing special imo
1	I will never eat at this location again! I went in on a Friday afternoon with my two nephews, ages 10 and 7. My 7 yr. old nephew carried in his bag of lunch from McDonald's. We were seated in a booth; the waitress took our drink orders. Not a minute later the Manager (Brian) came over to our booth, seated himself next to my 10 yr. old nephew and inquired how our day was going. The manager then proceeded to advise me, he normally would not allow outside food to be eaten in his restaurant. I understood and completely accepted his request. However he went on to state "I will not kick you out this time! But next time you will know not to bring in outside food, which can cause food poisoning, and can be blamed on this restaurant"!  I was shocked, this man would use the term "Kick you out" and refer to my nephew's food as possibly being poisonous. He should have called me to the side and simply explained outside food if not allowed, and left it at that! My seven year old nephew (in fear of his potentially poisonous burger) asked "Why is that man going to "Kick" us out?I simply greeted Manager Brian with a smile, and made a mental note never to return, and right this review! Poor customer service, rude manager, verbally threatening to children and customers; I have a very young look about me, however I'm 36 yrs. old and deserve to be treated respectfully!
3	Well, my husband loves wings so we have been here a handful of times. Unfortunately the rest of their food is just meh. Only options that are remotely fresh and not a big bucket of grease are the salads and you can also get the make-to-order flatbread with veggies on it and parmesan cheese instead of mozzarella. I guess the food and atmosphere are a typical sportsbar so I can't really penalize them too much just because that is not my cup of tea. It works pretty well for a group since they have a bunch of large tables and a ton of TVs with every game on all at once. I will give them props for having Magic Hat #9 on tap at our last visit. The service is usually pretty good as well. I am always amazed at how many kids are there on our visits so I guess you could say that this is a very family-friendly bar (a concept I will never understand).
2	The wings were just fine, but the restaurant seemed dirty.  The floor was sticky, the tables had not been cleaned, and the whole place smelled like stale beer.  I wasn't looking for fine dining, but I was looking for a place that looks like it passed it's health inspection.  I don't think I will be returning on my next trip.
4	2nd favoring wing joint in Phoenix.  (Vine 1st). Hot wings and there honey hot is good.  Wait staff is good.  Throughout the years the native has been inconsistent- recommend going during a game to get the best wing experience.
2	Seems to be going downhill. Orders get messed up regularly and food quality is decreasing. It almost feels like they're trying to cut corners. My last visit included terrible service with half of our orders (party of 8) incorrect. Lunch service seems worse than dinner. I've been going here for years and it feels like owners have forgotten about this one.
2	She was about to give the next table to another guy,  when L stepped in and said something.  She had the nerve to tell that guy, oh sorry ihave to say summertime else first, I'll tell you why later.  Really? Are you twelve? And right in front of us? Really great customer service. She needs to go because she can't handle the pressure. Why they don't invest in those buzzers for these events.  Not very happy. .. we come here quite a bit and his family is here every Monday. I'll flag manager down, if I can. I had to downgrade my rating this time. Food rocks, but they need to reassess their Hostess.
5	You can never go wrong with native! Long live native honey hot wings! I used to come here almost once every two weeks and why the hell have I stopped?!? This place is the bomb-diggity! The beer God's are alway flowing with cold ones and the wings are always lip-smacking awesome. They also apparently added dry-rubs flavors as wing options but I wasn't in for trying a new flavor, I'll leave it for others more daring. However I wish they never got rid of the curly fries as those were my favorite(even our server agreed), definitely a sad day to all native curly fry lovers. The atmosphere was pretty chill and a great place to have a guys night with big screen TV's galore. Apparently it's also the place to be for trivia night on Fridays as it was jam-packed. With it being such a busy night (and I realized Fridays are busy) the food and drinks came out fast, a plus service in my book. I'll see you again before I two weeks my long life friend, native!
3	Went there last night with some friends. We decided to sit in the patio since we get pretty loud and it seemed like everyone was watching the SUNS game in the lobby, so we were like, lets chill outside. So we walk up to the tables, one after another and they were all DIRTY and stank of beer. Checked atleast 8 tables and decided to eat in the lobby. Does anyone ever cleans the patio area? 3 stars is for the awesome and quick service. Wings came out right away and were deliciously seasoned. Wings were perfect. Please tell your waitresses to clean the patio once a month atleast.
4	They can be a bit slow on the service at this location but overall who can beat a great wing place like Native New Yorker. Having said that, the patio is a joke. Don't bother with that. Eat in the bar. Much better atmosphere there.
3	Nothin great, ur typical bar n grill... Not much of a fan of native just came to meet a few friends here to watch the finals. I will say staff is friendly and they keep the place clean.
1	This chain used to have good food. Now everything but the chicken sucks and sucks badly. I go here to sing karaoke, I'll eat someplace else.
1	I wish there was a way to put a Zero Star review of this place. I just finished balancing my Visa statement and noticed that the waitress took it upon herself to add 8.00 to a 14.07 bill. Thankfully Chase was willing to give me a courtesy credit for this overcharge. But I can tell you this...I will not be going back to this establishment. This was actually just the icing on the cake, as I thought the place was way over priced, loud, and served mediocre food. So thank you "Joy" for overcharging me, and cementing the fact that I won't be back!
1	My family and I have been fans of this Native location for years now, but after our past couple of visits, I'm not sure if we'll be back again.Last week, the female hostess treated us "fair," but nothing too bad to complain about. During our dinner, we accidentally spilled a drink on our table, and as we tried to clean up our mess, a female worker saw what happened and walked right on by, acting as if she did not see anything. That is not customer service. We eventually flagged down a different worker, who we asked for a towel to clean the mess, she brought us a towel and we cleaned our table. Just as we finished, the party behind us spilled a drink also, so we handed them our towel as a kind gesture. Just then the same girl walked by, saw what happened to them also, and did not have the courtesy to ask what she could do. Okay, we will give Native another chance next time...Today, my mother and I went to Native for dinner. As we walked in, the hostess was blatantly unfriendly and unorganized. We told her we wanted a booth, and she said okay. We then sat down and waited for a couple of minutes until my mother noticed that newcomers were being sat down, despite the fact that we were there first. My mom then walked over and asked the female hostess if she took our party name to be seated. She replied, "yes." My mother then asked what the party name was. She replied, "Dan." My mother said no that is not our name, and the female then asked what our party name was. Who knows where the name "Dan" came from. The bottom line is that they were unprofessional, and not only that, but she was very snotty and rude.My mother worked in customer service for 18 years, and knows that any worker should take their job as serious as possible. It's a shame that businesses hire poor employees, whom ruin the experience of the business itself for customers. Hope this helps, and wish you all luck on your next visit to Native. God Bless!
3	To clarify my last view, whst sucks here is the FOOD. The service here; whether at the bar or on the dining floor has ALWAYS been exemplary. A great many of the staff have been here a great many years, that speaks well of management as well. What used to be a great regional chain has lost it's uniqueness due to corporate interference. Go back to the original menu abd quit trying to be Applebee's.
4	I frequent this particular NNY and I've never had a bad time...food is pretty good for what it is..and that's BAR FOOD...everyone I've encountered has been friendly and its a great place for cheap beer and to hang out and watch sports
2	Service was great. I tried boneless mandarin orange. I was told it tasted like orange chicken, only It didn't taste anywhere near orange chicken. I was disappointed.I will try this place again, I always give places another try.
1	I will never come to this native ever again.First we sit down and order the drinks but our waitress forgets till after we are almost done with our appetizers. Thats was okay....maybe she was having a bad night...Then she brings us the wrong order and says thats what we ordered...honestly I order the same thing every single time... She keeps making it sound like its our fault...Okay...Then when we are done eating, we stacked our plates to show her that we were ready to pay...But she sat in the corner with other servers getting a shoulder massage...wth. So my husband walks up to her to ask for the check on his way to use the restroom.As i waited...my husband comes back and still no check. In the meantime the server goes to the table behind us and chats with the customer about their favorite drinks...THEN tosses the check over my husbands shoulder onto the table without any words!!! WTF!
1	Native New Yorker is not the same as it use to be. The menu has changed and rather than making food to the customers liking...they've opted for "quickness". We had our request come back due to wings unable to be grilled. The excuse was wait time..no one was waiting to be seated. We were also told a sign was in place for for this. No sign was seen and our waitress also did not alert us. We've been customers for years and this same request has been placed the last 4 weeks in a row with no issues. Now its changed? Lame...bring back the old Native New Yorker and management. While you're at it...the mushrooms too!
2	My father drags me everywhere--from Fry's Electronics to Popeye Chicken (UGH). Native Grill & Wings is actually one of the few places in which I do not dislike anything. I decided to write a simple easy review on this particular location, so why not? Let's cut to the chase.Pros:I'm not exactly a sports fan, but this is DEFINITELY a place for one. There are TVs everywhere, throughout the patios, the indoor areas, and at the bar. They are all constantly switched on to ESPN, FOX Sports, and on rare occasions, ESPN2. From the looks of it, it seemed impossible to not have a clear view of the TV screen without having someone's head, arm, etc. block your way. We came on Sunday, and the wings are crazy cheap. The fish and chips had a pretty decent taste, as we split them all up between the three of us. The service was not particularly the nicest, nor the meanest, but was speedy when talking to us. They had great placing of all the heat lamps and chairs outside in the patio, so it is great to come during the winter. The location is fairly large, so you can almost always find a table to sit at.Cons:The patio had not many places to put your used cigarettes. I am not a smoker, nor do I give any offense to smokers, but the patio REEKS of smoke. The service here is fast-speaking, but not exactly fast-moving. We waited for several minutes between when we asked for the check and the delivery of the check itself. The fish and chips had decent taste, but not decent size. They were tiny compared to the fish and chips in the OTHER location for the same price and meal. I was really disappointed when I saw this. We did not get enough wings. There were only 4 wings for the 3 of us for EACH dish. Overall, this is simply not the greatest restaurant I've experienced. Its other competitors were able to show a performance at least twenty times better than this one. Thanks, but I'd rather visit the Ahwatukee location from this time on.
4	San Francisco 49ers Bar - need I say more. Go Niners!!!
