3	The Tilted Kilt has a reputation for being akin to a vaguely-Scottish-themed Hooters: that is, most people go there for visual rather than gustatory pleasures. Therefore, I never really had an interest in checking out Matthews' new Titled Kilt, since the flesh on display isn't really according to my tastes.Last week, however, we were looking for something to eat. We didn't want to drive too far, and we were bored with most of the other nearby options. I recalled someone telling me that the Tilted Kilt actually had decent food, so off we went, albeit with some trepidation.It turns out that, unlike when they are talking about Hooters, when people say that the Tilted Kilt has good food, they are actually being truthful. My blue cheese burger was quite tasty, and the onion rings were delicious. I've had better burgers, but I don't know that I've had a better burger in Matthews, so there you go. I did feel a little self-conscious, as the restaurant's crowd was quite obviously 98% boob-ogling men, but our waitress was sweet and prompt, and we left satisfied. What more can you ask for?
1	This place is a pure disappointment - waitresses (and at last count) there were 7 all grouped together by the kitchen window, talking among themselves.  We waited at least 10 min after being seated before we were even acknowledged.  And then the waitress that took our drink order made sure we understood she was not our waitress.  Ok - got it - but can you bring the drinks?  Drinks followed after another 10 min and they were not even busy.  Finally, one waitress broke loose from the herd and came over to take our order - bless you my child!Now I am not a prude but those "costumes" are not big enough to cover all of the tattoos on the girls - kid you not! It appears that the waitresses were hired based on the amount of ink that would show.  Enough of that - onto the food - bland at best - fries totally cold, burger just okay - only good thing was the cold beer.  Will not return here - way too many places around this location to justify spending money for poor service and mediocre food.
4	YAY!  Tilted Kilt in Matthews.  I think if you take the place for what it is, it's great but if you are expecting something else you won't have such a good time here.  Went here for drinks and dinner with a buddy and we were warmly greeted by the hostess and then lead around the restaurant.  She had our best interest in mind since we really didn't care where we sat, but I think one of the girls was going to sit us at a bench high top with another large group of people and the other girl thought otherwise and sat us at a nice 6 person table instead.  As we were sitting down, the girl asked us if we were still in school/college and we were very flattered since we are about 8 years out of college at this point - but we will take anything we can get. ;)Our server, Asia... was nice and attentive.  You could tell she just started working there since she hadn't really gotten the routine yet - after she got our drinks, she sat at our table and chatted with us and asked us for our IDs.... and then asked for our drink orders again (but corrected herself).  For a Thursday night, this place was pretty packed watching college games, UFC fight, or various other sports on all the TVs that surround the entire restaurant.  We ordered food - I ordered the Irish Cheese steak and it was gi-normous.  The onion rings I "upgraded" my fries from were worth it.  Light on the batter and nice and crispy.I'd say this is a solid place to get a drink with good pub food.  I wouldn't go in here if you are expecting excellent food and white table cloth service.  The girls are nice and their uniforms are revealing.  A little less "I like the wings at Hooters" and more "I want Britney Spears to serve me Irish food".  So yes, it's fun just to watch the waitstaff in action.  I can see where some ladies might get the wrong impression since it is advertised as a Pub & Eatery, but it is a pretty large chain so people should figure it out pretty quickly.All the gimmicks aside.  I think it's great that Matthew's has this option as a restaurant, but the businesses around Independence have been rather hard to keep unless you are a super big restaurant chain.
2	I did know what I was getting into when I stopped at the new Tilted Kilt in Matthews. I had heard they have decent food and wanted to give it a try, so we stopped in during their first couple weeks in business.We went on a weekend night and, as to be expected, it was packed. Other reviewers have described the concept well enough that I will not rehash the descriptions (and I'll keep my mildly feminist opinions to myself). On this visit, maybe due to the crowd, maybe do to whatever game was on, it was loud. Very loud. For me, that is many times a turn off.Our server arrived and took our drink orders. I was disappointed in the beer menu. Guinness, Harp, Budweiser, Miller, etc etc...a few craft and NC brews, but they seem to focus on the cliched name-recognition UK imports (and no Scottish beers...where's the BrewDog?) and the standard NASCAR offerings. Blech.The food, however, did live up to its reputation. They do have one of the better burgers in Matthews and the garlic fries were a nice touch. The meat was moist and flavorful and the other toppings fresh and cut to a reasonable size.The girls who work here (with the exception of the cook, bartender, and manager, it seemed to be an all-female staff - no surprise there) were very attentive and seemed to have a grasp on the menu. I was confused, though, when our server changed half-way through for no apparent reason and with no explanation.As I said, the food is good. The bar, concept, and ambiance, not so much. Maybe I'll log this one as "take out only" for the future.
2	You pretty much know what you're going to get here even before you walk in the door.  Under-dressed wait staff, below average food, and overpriced beer.  This place didn't disappoint on those expectations either.I'd have given them a higher rating if the talent level was better, but it just wasn't there, on a Friday happy hour - which should be the creme de la creme.  My wings were not crispy like I ordered and did not have much flavor.  The beer was cold - yay.  I'm not sure why you would come here to be honest, there are better sports bars all over Matthews/South Charlotte - you can do better.
3	As soon as I opened the door, I felt like I was in a sports bar more than a pub. It's quite spacious and has an open atmosphere, and there are a ton of nice televisions. The TVs are so plentiful that no matter where you sit, you should have a good view of just about any game that's airing. I kinda dig the decor, everything consists of nice wood paneling or wallpaper in green hues, but it certainly feels more like a commercial chain than a local pub. I had the "French Connection" burger with garlic fries, and I got to admit I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. Not the best burger I've had by far, but it was definitely tasty. And the garlic fries were pretty good too. My buddies got the club and bbq sandwiches and they had similar results as me. We went a little after 2pm and it wasn't very busy, but it still took a little long to get our food.Our service was good, our waitress came by several times and checked on us and kept our drinks filled. She made several attempts at small talk, I could tell she was just trying to be nice, but I could see that she was also fishing for big tip. It's already been said, but their attire is very revealing, more so than Hooters. At Hooters the ladies don't show cleavage, and here everyone wears very low cut tops. And truthfully it was kind of creepy to me that half of the patronage consisted of older men who were awkwardly staring at the staff, but that's a knock against the customer's more than it is the restaurant. I just wouldn't feel very comfortable taking my younger nephews or nieces here.The only time I could recommend the Tilted Kilt is if you're going to watch a game with a bunch of guys. The food is surprisingly good, but it is overpriced. You can get similar food for cheaper, and with quicker service at half a dozen other places in Matthews. But let's be honest, if you're going to the Tilted Kilt odds are the food isn't the only reason you're going.
2	This is the kind of place I feel like I should be enjoying myself more than I actually am. When I first checked out this establishment, I didn't really know it was the T & A "Hooters" style establishment with Scottish remix. I certainly didn't shy away from having hot eye candy serving me and they have plenty of that going on for them. But seeing how I am not really a Hooters fan (who really goes for the "wings" that food is terrible) I feel like this establishment had a great opportunity to capture me as a fan. It is fairly spacious on the inside so would be nice spot to have a guy's night out. They also typically show most UFC\Boxing and other major sporting events (although there may be a cover) so that was a big plus for me. The menu is much more dynamic than the competition and prepared quite well.  They even have fast free wi-fi guest network named "Hooters Suck" which gave me a nice chuckle. So why only two stars you may be wondering? The service is flat out abysmal. I've come during peak times and off peak times but it doesn't seem to make a difference. I can't tell you how many times I've went in and there would be no greeter at the front, sit down at a table and never have one waiter to even ask if I'm being helped. The wait for food is fairly sluggish. I order a mixed drink that clearly wasn't the correct one and I had my kilt gal proceed to tell me that I was wrong even though everybody at my table agreed with my assessment. All it did was prolong it getting fixed when I continued to complain about it. And they always have the AC on full blast so I have to bundle in layers while 90% of the staff is half naked (I guess it keeps them wanting to move or stay "perky") I do like the concept and i'm hopeful mgmt. will work to improve service as it has plenty of potential. For now, I can't really recommend this place beyond maybe just having a quick beer at the bar. At the end of the day, I'm will to give up some beauty for brains and sense enough to treat their customers better.
5	I love tilted kilt.  Not only is the food incredible but the staff is friendly and inviting.  A definite go-to location.Do yourself a favor and don't leave without getting a shaker or two.  Simply amazing.
5	Myself and a few buddies had the opportunity to stop in here this past weekend (6/15) and we didn't leave disappointed. If you like watching sports of any kind (Including the UFC events) this is your place. I don't believe there's a TV smaller than a 55" and there's a monster-sized projection screen, as well. The bartenders took care of us without a hitch and the 'shakers' are not to be missed (TK Exclusive beverage). Give it a shot ... Good times with good people.
5	Great bar, the food is top notch and the good service is always a key part of the fun in going. I love the setup with its huge, matching, high quality, TVs everywhere. It just looks good and you can always find something you want to watch. Highly recommended dropping by anytime, especially on a night Ben is on the Piano. It's always a good time.
4	Love this place! Menu has great choices and food is wonderful. Staff are very friendly.
5	This pub is under new management. Great service and great food. Stop in today for a burger and cold beer. Lots of TVs and great looking girls
3	I can't really rate this place too much.   We only had a few drinks but bartender was pleasent enough. It's almost like a hooters but instead of ugly orange shorts and half shirts they are in kilts and half shirts.
5	First time here and have to say wings are fantastic . Also tried steak salad with cayenne ranch also super . Will strongly recommend Server Salyna was awesome so friendly even spend time to sit down and talk with me for a while  . That's customer care friends . Will be back every time I'm back on Matthew nc Johan
4	We really liked this place.  Waitresses were scantily clad (short skirts & bikini tops).  However, atmosphere was nice, clean, delicious food, nice restrooms, reasonable prices, friendly service.  Our only criticism would be our waitress wasn't very attentive (we never got drink refills).
1	It was a Friday night in January 2014 and we had company in from Chicago. Decided to go there because always had good experiences back in St. Louis. This was NOT the case here. I was so embarrassed by the horrible service and food, mix up of food and total chaos. We had been talking this place up to our guest and then this happened. It took a good 30 minutes from the time we were seated till the time we were asked if we wanted drinks...AFTER I had to walk to the bar and ask the bartender if anyone was going to wait on us. We had 4 people in our party. Nearby to our table, was a group of middle aged men flirting furiously with the young waitress. She must have been promised good tips or something because as it turned out, she was supposed to be our waitress! She apparently enjoyed that table so much that after she finally came by, she apologized because she didn't see us while we sat there for 30 minutes!  DUH? She had to walk around our table to keep bringing the drinks to the table for the obnoxious men. They were loud and rude and were even downgrading to the waitress, who was too young and naive to even realize. I looked at those men and just shook my head like you've got to be kidding!The bartender gave us a free round of drinks which was nice and we appreciated that.  Our waitress not only messed up our simple orders once, but twice! It was a total mess. The hamburger had to be sent back twice as it was nearly raw. There was not enough orders of garlic fries. It was obvious to me and those in my party  there was no manager anywhere on duty. The only person that looked like she was actually working was the bartender and she was running all over. From our table, I could see through the door to where the kitchen was. It appeared to be a small get together of employees goofing off. If there was a manager there, that  would have never happened. We even watched the CBS show, Undercover Boss when they covered the Tilted Kilt. If the CEO ever saw this kind of nonsense going on, they all would have been fired immediately. If you want to be waited on and taken care of, DO NOT GO HERE!
2	Depending on who you ask, there is either a shortage in the "breastaurant" segment (those who want more, probably a certain type of male customer) or an overabundance of them already.If you compare this segment of restaurants to the overall population of restaurants in Charlotte, then there aren't that many out there: Hooters - which, despite the name, generally doesn't offer much in that department, Bikinis - which recently left the Charlotte market, Twin Peaks - which seems to be doing well in the area and Tilted Kilt. That's a total of five locations in the area - (two Hooters - heh - two Tilted Kilts and a single Twin Peaks location). Five vs all the others? Maybe too many for some, but not really a lot in the scheme of things.Regardless - Tilted Kilt, like Twin Peaks, definitely offers a more racy uniform than Hooters, so there is that. Their food is perhaps a bit better as well. But unfortunately the whole vibe doesn't work than one that does, offering what appears to be a decent menu, but slow service that hopes you spend more time looking at the goods than paying attention to what you'll get when the product is finally delivered.I have no doubt that the staff is working to provide good service, but it reminded me more of a strip club, where the food and drinks were secondary (if that) than a restaurant or bar that just happened to have attractive women servers - admittedly, scantily clad ones.
1	awful.  Food was not good; small portions and prepared poorly.  Atmosphere was WAY too noisy even for a sports-bar type place ...we couldn't hear each other talk.  Pretty girls can't make up for terrible food. won't be back.
2	First time at this location and I have say I wasn't that impressed. Restaurant is 1/4 full if that, and it still took 20 minutes for a medium burger... and I had to wait another 2 minutes for the fries.  The burger and fries were good, but I expected more on my mushroom and swiss burger than mushrooms and swiss cheese... lettuce and tomato maybe. Maybe its my fault for not reading the menu, but $.20 in veggies on the burger doesn't seem like a stretch.  I sat at the bar and Rachel was the bartender. I only know that because it was on the check. For someone in the service industry working lunch with only 6 people at the bar, you would think she would be more engaging. She did the bare minimum that a server is expected I guess. She was attentive in asking if things were ok or if I wanted more to drink. Behind the bar looked pretty clean and Rachel stayed busy with clean and "stuff". I hope my experience isnt the standard.
1	One of the worst experiences I have had in a long time.When arriving at the restaurant we were greeted by a hostess that was outside smoking and asked us how many were in our party. She then said she would be right in to seat us after she was done with her cigarette.After being seated we were served by a waitress that seemed to be uncomfortable and unknowledgeable of service or the menu. After taking our order she then said "if you need anything I'll be right here" and sat with some friends at the table next to us.  I have to say this is the first time I have ever seen servers sit next to my table with other guests and hang out.We ordered some pretty basic apps, one being chips and dip.  It took over 20 minutes to receive these apps.  I ordered the buffalo dip and chip. It was tasty dip however it only came with less than 20 chips.I asked the waitress if I could have some more chips and she said that she would have to ask the manager to see if there was an up charge.  I work in the restaurant industry and never have I seen or heard of someone charging for extra chips.  Most restaurants have free chips and dip.  I was told that there would be an up charge and it "wasn't worth it".  I payed my bill and left.  Not only was the service bad but the amount of greed associated with not even being able to get a guest extra chips is out of this world.  This restaurant is overrated, unprofessional, and greedy.  I didn't expect much considering it is a sports bar but I at least expected to be treated like a paying guest. What a terrible place to go!
