2	As a customer of Barnes & Noble, this place isn't so bad. As a student at UNLV, I have to take back that statement. Whoever decided to design this place to be put in BFE all the way hidden behind the student union is a moron. Most college campuses, their bookstores are front and center and you can't even get to the student union without going through it. Not so with good ol' UNLV. The main problem that this causes is that events that need to stay within the grounds of the bookstore (mark. cosmetics girls, I'm talkin' about you!) get virtually no traffic and have to scream outside of the doors to get anyone to even come near it. This bookstore is a graveyard with the exceptions of the beginning and end of the semester. Otherwise it is a place rarely trodden that no one thinks about unless they actually need something. As far as school books, this place still has decent pricing. It's no Amazon, but it still doesn't gouge you senseless like the retarded cousin of college bookstores, Rebelbooks. And with Beat The Bookstore's new sell-back policy that takes THIRTY DAYS to print a freakin' check, I might be tempted to buy at Barnes & Noble more often, especially since they have taken the hassle out of buying schoolbooks by allowing students to order them online and pick them up at their convenience. At the very least, this place always has a coupon for 20% off gift items (who DOESN'T need an OY VEY mug?!) in the UNLV coupon books and is fun to browse through when you have nothing else to do. But as most businesses will tell you, it is all about location, location, location.
5	Do it right. Buy your books online (not the international editions) and sell them back at this bookstore, early. That way you can get a better price. I've made money at this bookstore on books, buy buying online and selling back to them. Of course there are the times you have to suck it up and buy the teacher's looseleaf binder-edition books.
1	I am on my third NookColor in as many months.  I have spent more time problem-solving the product than using it.    Each time I worked with my local B&N store and B&N telephone technical support staff to resolve the numerous problems I had encountered with the NookColor.  I have become more and more frustrated with each encounter.  The first Nook I bought was on December 15 onlne and received around December 22.  I returned it because it had a line across the screen.  I received my second Nook one month later than promised, around mid February 2011.  This Nook had "synchronization" problems:  letters repeated when the virtual keypad was used and pages scrolled when certain areas of the pad were touched.  I received my third Nook mid-March 2011.  This third Nook scrolled many pages (50 or so at a time) without my touching the screen and it eventually froze.  I am finally at my wit's end.  I am afraid that the next product that will be sent to me will also have defects.  I finally asked for a refundon April 8th, after giving up on working with B&N, feeling frustrated and having afforded Barnes & Noble reasonable efforts to resolve the problems.  I was told that the original product had to be returned within 14 days to receive a refund.  That is ridiculous since this was a Christmas present, not opened until ten days later on the 25th and the original defect was noted by my children who pointed out the line across the screen, beyond the 14 days.  I am so unhappy and frustrated with B&N!  In mid April, I received my 4th Nook Color and guess what?  It too was defective!  Only after I threatened to go to the media did I get my money back.  Their customer service is a farce.
2	You have one outlet in your cafe area.  One.  My laptop is dying,  and I am using my last bit of juice to complain at you online.You get two stars though because you're carrying Athlon Sports' College Basketball season preview issue.
2	Some of the people that work here are crazy. Here's the story...I was trying to return something (yes, it was out of the 30 day mark but the back of the receipt says NOTHING about 30 days on apparel as long as it is unworn and the tag is still on it, with a receipt. The manager or whoever, I made SURE to get her name, Annie Mellinger, was extremely rude and tried to tell me that "all stores have a 30 day return policy." Not sure if you've ever been to Nordstrom, ANNIE, but they actually don't have that policy because they have true customer service skills.Not only did I have all the necessary components for my return, the shirt was STILL AVAILABLE, there were at least 50 of them being displayed. Can't wait to graduate and get out of this place so I don't have to deal with their BS.In addition, I would have to agree that the books here are insanely expensive. The bookstore hires a plethora of students to help during the first week of school and half the time, they get the books wrong and don't allow you to return even if it was a mistake made on their behalf. Stay away if you can....
1	Very poor service.  I ordered several books online and requested all new.  They shipped me two of them used.  When I contacted them, they said they do that if no new ones are available - without even confirming with the customer.  When I said that I wanted new, as I requested, they said I would have to bring the book in and order it again.  I reminded them that I paid for shipping so I wouldn't have to go down to pick them up.  They did not care.  They pretty much said that I would have to do the leg work to correct THEIR mistake.  No concept at all of what good customer service is.
