5	I took our two cats here to get them clipped short for the summer.  Cats, as anyone knows, can be difficult critters with which to work.  It can be difficult living in the same household at times, too!  When I got a recommendation for Misti-Sue, I called and made the appointment.  She's a very pleasant woman.  She works well with the pets in her care and does an excellent job.For the last three years, I had the cats groomed at one of the major pet food chains.  They always came home somewhat traumatized by the experience.  One groomer dropped the one cat when she didn't have the pet carrier closed correctly and the cat almost went running through a store with lots of dogs on leashes.Misti-Sue's work is first!  I won't hesitate to return to have her groom the youngins again.
5	I have been taking my dogs to Misti Sue's Grooming for 10 years now. Misti trained my airedale on her table from the time he was 6 mos. old. As you know that breed is phenomenal but quite a challenge. Nevertheless, Misti persevered with George W. and through that love and training he is quite a role model (if I do say so myself :) )     My dogs look forward to going in every month because of the care and trust Misti has established with them AND me! That shop goes above and beyond to give great personal customer service. For example, when my daughter graduated Misti knew the colors of my daughter's "Graduation Open House", Misti purchased  a fancy black dress with white dots on it for my daughter's yorkie mix and painted my daughter's dog's nails black with white dots (this was right up my daughter's alley). Needless to say, we were overjoyed at what she did at her own cost!! They really do treat pets like they are their own children!!!   I highly recommend Misti Sue's Grooming for the grooming knowledge, care and love they provide. Not to mention, the cost was very reasonable and location quite accessible. I give Misti Sue's 5 stars because she listens to me when I explain in detail what I want.
5	Misti-Sue is one of the nicest personable dog groomers I have ever met.  I've taken two of my dogs to her with no issues for 7 years.  I moved out of state for awhile and tried the Petsmart and Petco thing but was disappointed every time.  My toy poodle is always happy to go and looks great.  Again, I have never had any problems with Misti-Sue or any of her employees.  I can't believe some of the previous reviews - they are blatantly false.  Her services are fair priced and she is always going above and beyond.  I highly recommend her!!  She is simply the BEST!  I love my dog more than anything, he is our dog child and would we not tolerate anything but the best.
