5	Every time I go to Chilis, I know that I am here for a good time. And a good time I always have. The staff is always friendly and attentive, plus everything is stocked, so you can get what you want.
5	Pretty great food!
1	I want to establish something before I review my dining experience here:It doesn't matter how hard I slam this place.  No one that works there can do ANYTHING about it.  If you stocked Chili's with the greatest waitstaff, the greatest chefs, the greatest managers, the greatest dishwashers, et cetera, NONE of them could change the fact that the food is terrible.So, people of Chilis:I salute your service.  I am positive that you do your best, every day, to squeeze this fat sloppy pig into that prom dress.  I appreciate everything you tried to do, and I tipped you well.This being said...How can I describe my experience here?Friendly staff: helpful, quick, efficient, wonderful people, all of them.  Really.The food?Well.  First off.  Their chips and salsa is bad.  If I bought the least appealing salsa at the grocery-store, and the least appealing chips off the shelf, and put them into a wax-paper lined bowl, it would be very similar to this "dish".  Now.  Ask yourself:  if the chips and salsa are bad...  how bad can the.,..Fried shrimp be?  Pretty bad.  It comes with fries and cole slaw.  The fries?  The fries are fries.  Eh.   The cole slaw?  Pretty bad.  All together, it looked like a plate of "brown" and a ramekin of shredded white, purple, and orange credit cards. The shrimp tasted like... nothing.  Like chewy nothing and fried batter that squished when you chewed it.  The cole slaw?  Like crunchy nothing and mayonnaise.  Even the cocktail sauce was bad.Do I deserve this?  I mean...  shrimp from Chilis?  Even though the Atlantic Ocean is 4 hours due east, I bet that stuff came from some processing center in Texas.  It was DOA weeks ago when it was bagged, packed into boxes and flash-frozen.All together...  I think it was about $20.00 because the drinks are jacked up.  Two sodas=like 5 bucks, right?  Off about 3 cents worth of carbonated water and flavored syrup.  They always make money on the drinks...For the price, the food was awful.  Truly awful.Burgers that went to other tables LOOKED eatable, but still...  I can't help but keep thinking...  if the chips and salsa is bad...  what else is bad?
3	Chili's, when I came here I came with friends for drinks. I had a great time, and absolutely no problems. Make sure to look on the table and check out their specials. We were lucky and got the chance and get free nachos. The drinks weren't that bad, however I personally wouldn't be a regular here just because the drinks weren't to my taste.I had a beer and called it a day. There's not really anything memorable about this place to me, nothing that stood out. It's a chain restaurant, so I can't say much about the uniqueness of the restaurant. I do say if you do come here, order the burgers. I'm a burger lover and by no means that it's the best burger out there, but it's not bad either.  Overall, come here for drinks and burgers. That's what I would do.
4	Go here often when the late night crave doesnt crave anything like taco bell or mcdonalds. The food usually comes out on-time and service is usually good. Though I did  have an experience where the server seemed to rush me and my girl because I guess she didn't think we'd tip well or something lol, Iunno. Anyways It's a chilis and food is usually expected to be somewaht ok.Price - 3/5Service - 4/5Choices - 4/5Food - 3/5
4	I had a enjoyable dinner ... Friendly staff, good service and excellet food
4	This was a slightly above average experience for the chain. A friend and I went to catch up during the mid afternoon and were very pleased with the service. There was a new promotion going on with tablets on each table that allowed you to play games. We thought it was rather funny and pointless but perhaps if you had children to entertain you'd be willing to pay the $2 for access.The sweet tea was not sweet; be prepared. Otherwise we both enjoyed our meals. My friend has food allergies and can't often eat spicy foods, but she was glad to find tex mex options that she was able to enjoy. I had the chicken pasta and was pleased, though next time I will try something else since there's a nice variety on the menu.Staff was friendly and efficient, restrooms were clean.
5	Nick our server was very kind to us! Great service! Fun funny guy! Engaged my entire family! The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!
4	Great experience in this place! The server was great! And the manager was great!Our food was late coming out, so they didn't charge us for the meal. Regardless, it was delicious and perfectly cooked. Kudos to the manager, really made our night.We also had other meals from the wonderful menu. I had the quesadilla and it was plentiful! I would recommend it in a heartbeat, saucy, flavourful, and colorful. Can't ask for more.One negative was the appearance of the restaurant, looked out of date. Need some TLC and would be bump into the 5 star.
