5	Nevada Corporate Headquarters helped me start my company. I didn't really know what I was doing and they made it easy for me. Saved me a bunch on taxes too.
4	I started my first company with these guys, they were very helpful and I learned a lot from them.  I was even a part of their early corporate credit program and managed to several lines of credit that were helpful when I was starting out.
5	NCH is always there to answer my questions and provides optimal customer service. I never have to worry about anything because they are right there to help me through it! I would recommend working with NCH if you are just starting out as a business you will be in good hands.
5	While working to get my business off the ground, I researched my options for incorporation and quickly became confused. Not only was I intimidated by all of the legalese, but the thought of making a mistake that might put my assets at risk made me stop in my tracks. All that changed when a business associate suggested I give NCH a call. In no time at all, they cleared up all of my confusion and helped me set a path for the future. Any time I run into somebody who has questions about entity formation or asset protection, I feel confident referring them to NCH.
5	I'm very grateful to NCH and Jason Williams.Years ago I paid a great amount of money to set up my LLC and all the necessary services I needed to start my business,  As an entrepreneur I was eager to get started and didn't want the hassle of trying to figure everything out on my own.  Over the years I handled my own renewals and submission of required documents. Not being an expert it made me nervous to know that I could be vulnerable and not even know it.  Jason reviewed all my documents and made sure that everything was in order.  It was painless and reasonably priced and I now have the peace of mind and feeling of security to allow me to focus on my business and what I do best.  I will continue with them on a yearly basis and rest easy with the comfort of knowing that I am in expert hands and able to focus my efforts where they need to be without concern.
4	We are new to this business and we have questions that come up, so far we are pleased with NCH, they have been helpful as well as being knowledgeable.
