2	While the food here is pretty consistent, it is a chain restaurant after all, the service is spotty at best. Pizza Hut is my favorite chain for pizza. I know, I know, but it's a childhood thing so be gentle here. Every other order I get from here is either wrong, cold, or takes forever. Today I went in to pick up a couple of pizzas for my kiddos.  While I was waiting for the clerk to finish with a couple dining in I noticed that there were signs all over the counter saying that there was now a charge for cheese and peppers. Let me rephrase that, it said, "Now available for purchase". Sneaky, huh?  I don't know why exactly but this totally rubs me the wrong way. I have both of these items at home so I didn't have to purchase any but I would have been pretty ticked to pay almost an extra dollar for some fake parm! What's next? McDonald's charging for ketchup packets? They said it's because people take too many and then just throw them away. I'm sure that happens often and it's unfortunate but a part of the business. I'm going to be in trouble if Starbucks starts charging for cream and sugar.I think I'll find a different location to use. If they are that hard up for cash that they need to charge for cheese and peppers who knows what other short cuts they're taking.
2	Pizza is basic, a little overpriced imo. Don't get the wings, mine were raw, cheesy bread was pretty good actually. The place needs a revamp.
1	I ordered a pizza last night. While it was delicious and made me feel guilty about my diet, I was disappointed with the customer service.  I specifically asked them in the special instructions to draw a bear on my pizza box. Got the pizza and guess what? No bear! It plainly read in giant letters on the receipt, "DRAW A BEAR ON THE PIZZA BOX". What kind of bull shit is that?Oh and the pasta tasted like it was made with rotten milk. The pizza was great.
1	The service here is terrible I gave them a chance 3 times. The 3rd time they forgot my order so I cancelled but they still charged me for my drinks after I asked for a refund because I was waiting 30 min.Every time I go it's some white kid with a lot of gang tattoos that could care less about customer service. I wish management would drug test all their employees since they all smoke by back doors then make YOUR pizza. Don't come here unless you like druggie hate Mongols making your pizza.
