1	The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.
3	The sundae bar is a big hit with my kids, particularly the blue "whipped cream" (I shudder to think what's actually in that). The food's pretty much the same stuff you can get at Friday's, Applebee's, etc. I like their salad with the almonds and blue cheese-- they sometimes really dowse it in dressing but it's good.
3	What's better than fresh, homemade free cookies?!Well, a gluten free cookie, but whatever, I can still enjoy myself in sharing free food with other people. Max & Erma's is like the place to get everything. If I'd ever been to an Eat N' Park I imagine it'd be like that except classier. Well, I don't know about classier, again I've never been to Eat N' Park. But back to Max & Erma's...The location we went to always has a crowded parking lot. I don't know why it's so busy but there's hardly any parking there. Allot a few more minutes for parking. You'll need it.Once you're in though it's super fun. Build your burger, eat greasy appetizers, and taste some delicious milkshakes. I've had the lunch special - soup or salad or half sandwich for pretty cheap. It's just enough food to not leave you in a food coma after lunch. The only thing I wish (and yes this took away a star) is that there were more sandwich options. So sometimes I get the soup & salad and I'm still hungry. That's a no bueno.Then there's dinner. Their burgers are kind of fantastic. I'm still not over the whole eating a rare cooked burger so everywhere in PA gets added bonus points for that. So overall it's a good burger, but it's certainly not the best burger I've ever eaten and there's nothing really creative about their burgers to make them stand apart from other place's burgers. The atmosphere is something between a TGIFridays or Chili's but very Pittsburgh-centric. I found it somewhere between comforting and annoying. I don't really like chain restaurants but this one had some nice personal stuff to keep it from venturing into the Fridays realm.Also, if you're a craft beer & burger sort a gal, you'll notice this place is not for you. There's more than Bud, but not a lot. P.S. Free cookie night is Wednesday.P.P.S. Get the white chocolate macadamia nut.
1	Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.
3	Great place. Love the variety in the menu. Fresh bake cookies is such a great dessert!
5	M&E's rules! I had the Honky Tonk Burger last time I came here recently and it was so good. I love pulled pork, and they piled it on top of the burger along with bbq sauce. Sooo good. The service was excellent. I also like the bbq chicken quesadilla and those fresh-baked cookies. yum!
5	GREAT Burger ! Loaded with Flavor, and ice cold beer. I normally do not visit chain eateries , but this place was close and very good for the money.Good job guys !OHHHHHHH , Did I mention FREE COOKIES ???? Nice Touch !
4	good burgers and soup!!!
2	Had a beer and an appetizer, so-so.  Service was nice and quick, which is about all I need with the kids.  Kids seemed to like their kids meals, the usual Mac and cheese, grilled cheese, chicken fingers.  Huge line at Mad Mex on Friday night, none here.  I doubt we will go back, too many other choices.
4	This is one of our go-to spots for a night out with the kids. The food and service are always dependable. This is the best Max and Erma's I've been to in PIttsburgh. Good quality American food, and free cookies on wednesday nights. Oh, and it's almost never too busy on the weekend. Great place for kids.
1	Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.
1	Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!
2	Not up to it's previous brunch standards. Buffet has scaled back in variety and quality.   Still good but no longer excellent.
3	We went to this location, on Cochran Road, a couple nights ago around 10pm.  We ordered the wedge salad, an appetizer trio, and the wings (which I ordered extra crispy).  The salad came first and was pretty good but seemed to not have any toppings except for the salad dressing.  The appetizer trio came out next and was a bit of a disappointment.  The potato skins weren't that good- mushy and no seasoning (salt/spice).  Also, the bacon was soft and mushy.  The nachos were edible but nothing to write home about- again a little mushy once you got below the ones on the top and the guacamole was pretty bland.  The buffalo chicken planks were a little under-cooked for my taste but were otherwise good.  The buffalo wings came out last and I was happy with them- they were done (crispy) the way I like them.  The wings were what I was craving when I walked into the place- the void was filled.  The service was a little slow.  We sat at the bar and there were only 2 other people at the bar and only 1 table with 4 people elsewhere in the place.  They seemed to be starting to close up at that time.  It took about 10 minutes to get our drinks because the bartender dropped a wine bottle- so we had to wait for him to clean it up and hear his amazing account of the accident before being served.    I would go back again the next time I crave wings (because decent wings are really hard to find in the South Hills).  Maybe during the day the service will be faster.  I will definitely order the wedge salad again and the wings but will be more careful when ordering the appetizer.
2	There's really absolutely nothing special about Max & Erma's. In fact I would say it's probably about the most boring chain restaurant out there. No wait, Ruby Tuesdays still exists... but at least they have a salad bar... hmmm. Anyways, the only reason I keep coming back is because my husband's family LOVES to use their back room for every occasion. Ugh. Can't we just have get-togethers at someone's house like normal families do? So since we are forced to show up for family functions I've had cause to try much of the menu, and most of it is average or below. The only thing that has been consistently good is their tortilla soup. If you're not getting that, don't bother. I've heard about free cookie Wednesday, but come on, is that really going to drum up that much business? At Eat N' Park, free cookies are a staple. Get it together Max & Erma...
1	Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.
