1	We went to this Jack-in-the-Box on Thunderbird Road and 99th Avenue in Sun City, Arizona on September 29th, 2011 and we ordered a Jumbo Breakfast Platter with Pancake's and a Side Order of Pancake's.And we got "Bad Service". The cashier who took "our order" kept saying, "Excuse me". When we were yelling in, "our order".We were not talking fast. We were talking loud and clear. And she kept saying, "Excuse me". Obviously the girl cannot "multiple task" what she is doing.Then when we got our Breakfast Platter and Side Order of Pancake's.We asked for "Some Butter or Margarine" for OUR PANCAKE'S.They told us, "They DO NOT Provide Butter or Margarine.I Still Cannot Believe This.  **What Type of Restaurant Is This ?Selling PANCAKE'S Everyday. But They Don't Provide ANY BUTTER.That's Like Buying a Cup of Coffee. BUT, They Don't Provide Creme or Sugar.It STILL doesn't make sense. CHEAP OWNER'S, CHEAP RESTAURANT. **By the Way, We Refused to Pay for the Breakfast or Pancake's.And Demanded "A Refund".Until, the Owner's Can Get There ACT, Together. One Unsatisfied Customer -
1	i  ordered a chicken sandwich plain. i told him plain at least 3 times. he said okay i will make sure its plain since it was not on the board. when i got home it was NOT plain. that really irked me. i think he is new but all he had to do is put it on the board and it would have been the way i wanted it.
2	To busy here to stop hereThis place is always busy, but the staff sucks, Ihave to send my food back two times, and it still was not right.
5	I see the 3 previous reviews are bad, our visit was nothing like it. Not one car in drive thru. 8 cars in parking area. Not only was Caleb friendly, he repeated our order exactly as ordered. Including the large water (no charge, like other places) we visit my mum every other month in AZ & the service was so good, as was the chicken sandwhich & my daughters mini pancakes, we will be back. Probably one of the more perfect drive thru experinces we have had. We travel 3000+ miles every few months & have had our share of lousy service. This was a nice change.
