2	Ok, so Im an Autozone connoisseur LOL. But for real though. I frequent them! This one is def not my fave. Here you walk in and they have an attitude like "what do you want?" and there I go, knowing my shit... yet they dont!I understand they are not mechanics, but wtf, you dont know a damned thing about card?! Thats like going to a computer store and saying "Uhhh I dont know, but do you wanna buy some memory!?" NEGATIVE COWBOY! Anyway, Ive put in an application at Autozone and alas never got a call back... its too bad, I know more then these fools! Plush Im super fun and have a nice rack that will sell a mouse trap to a mouse! Also, go online, 99% of the time you can find the product cheaper on autozone.com you may have to wait 7 days but for 30$ ill take it, plus I wont have to deal with these monkeys!
1	Worst customer service ever!
1	I have never in my life been to another AutoZone with such horrible customer service... and I have been to MANY! You can almost say I frequent AutoZone,  so when I come into a location for assistance imagine my dismay when the service staff, all 3 of them, acted like it was an ok inconvenience to help me. I was there for a check engine light scan, yes there were several people in line so I was happy to wait for the lines to clear. What I wasn't happy about was having someone tell me to wai, another person tell me to wait and the a third person, after I had been standing there for 15 minutes, tell me the scanner was broken. Really people? The first schmuck who told me to wait and rolled his eyes at me couldn't have mentioned the scanner was broken? Or the second guy who sighed at me also couldn't have mentioned it? Seriously? Then the third guy mentioned the next closest AutoZone and absolutely botched the cross streets.  Smh! Epic customer service fail.
5	I walked in and asked for someone to check my battery.  Rick was quickly outside with the battery tester and when we found that my battery was bad (which I thought was probably the case) he not only put the battery in for me but cleaned the battery connections and made sure it was ready to go.  He was amazing!! I would go back to this AutoZone anytime!  THANKS RICK!!!
