5	For years I lusted after Giorgio Armani's "black label" line.  For the unintiated a suit is just a suit.  For the sartorial set, a black label suit is the epitome of beautifully tailored clothing.  I walked into the store and admired the dark colored clothing Armani is known for.   Armani only makes his black label suits in 3 main colors, black, blue or grey.   You can walk into anyone of the boutiques and choose from the classic 2 or 3 button suits and the occasional 1 button.  I was greeted by Michael and we began talking about clothes, fabrics, cuts and colors.  I mentioned to him that I wanted to replace a 3 button midnight navy suit that I purchased many years ago.  He showed me the current styles for fall and the styles from spring.  He went into great detail about the different cuts Armani created and which one would look best on my body type.   I tried on a couple of jackets and admired the impeccable cut and tailoring in the mirror. Nothing drapes, fits, or feels like a black label suit.  The quality of craftmanship that goes into each piece is evident the second you put it on.   You just "know" that the suit was made for you.   I fell in love with a blue pin stripe 3 button suit in an amazing 150 fabric.  The 150 signifies a tighter, finer weave and results in an incredibly comfortable fabric with an amazing sheen.  It is lightweight, soft and luxurious.  Most high end suits will be a 110, or even 120 fabric.  Armani takes it to the next level by offering 150 and even 180 fabrics for his suits.Part of the experience of buying a suit is the attention you receive from the salesperson, the way they fawn over you talking about details and making sure that everything is just perfect.   You're not only paying for a very expensive piece of clothing, you're paying for unparalleled customer service.  You should receive and expect their undivided attention when purchasing a garment of this quality. I had a great experience and thoroughly enjoyed working with Michael.   I highly recommend stopping into the store if you are serious about spending money on one of the best well made garments in the industry.
5	Wow, this place has some amazing stuff! The clothes here are stuff I have never found online or any other Armani store. When I wear these and walk around people in the high end clothes business have literally told me "that's Armani Black Label, right". This is stuff that you know it when you see it. Yes, it's crazy expensive but it's crazy good too. If I won the lotto this is where I'd blow a chunk of the money! Highly recommended if you want the absolute best of the best. With that said, you can get very high quality for much cheaper by shopping for Burberry Prorsum (and some Burberry London) products, but most people buying this level of products don't like to admit that. ;-)
5	I had the pleasure of being served by Jon Chazen, He was extremely Knowledgeable about his in store merchandise and Giorgio Armani Lines in general. He took great care of me, eventhough I didn't need another Armani suit. Jon was great at making me feel special and welcome. I ended up purchasing a beautiful navy blue suit.  Jon keep up the great work, and keep up the great customer service, because that make or break the deal. You are a Class Act.
