5	I can only speak for this Locations quality but I LOVE it here they have never disappointed me! They have delicious homemade soups each day something different. My favorite is the Tomato Bacon soup if you can be lucky enough to get there on a day they have it. They always have a lunch special and a dinner special to choose from, I Love that! Best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had, Best Fish and chips I've ever had juicy white fish crusted with panko crumbs NOT greasy AT ALL. Their Creme' Brulee is right up there with Fleming's or Ruth's Chris. Again I'll say this is one of my Favorite places to eat I know it is always consistently good fresh food! 5 Stars for being Delicious Every time, I Love you Keegans Ahwatukee!
3	I *think* Keegan's is a local-chain, but a decent option for some late-(ish) night dinner and drinks.  I really enjoyed their steak salad here, but in general, their food is pretty solid all the way around.  Think of it as an oak-ier Chilis ... that is, much of the same menu and full bar, but in a richer-wood environment.  Its dark inside which makes for a good place to duck into during the summer latency for a beer and apps, especially when you find yourself in the concrete synthesis of the Ahwatook.They once had Shiner on tap here, but I think they took it off draft for good.  A swift kick in the arse for that one.  They have the standard taps, but then will also have a domestic specialty or two, and a nice import.  They also have daily dinner specials that knock of a nice chunk of change on nice meals like pork chops or whatevs.  Patio seating is available if you, for some reason, enjoy the goings-on of teens hanging out at the Barnes & Noble before they head into the AMC to catch some stupid Bam Margera freak show stunts.
4	my husband and I started going to Keegan's on Sunday's for their brunch, which is pretty decent. If you get there after 10am, the bar is open, which is a plus in my book. We've eaten lunch and dinner there a few times as well. They have a really good french onion soup, another soup I think was chicken pepper jack and the cobb sandwich is good. Their chicken fried steak is pretty good as well. They give you two decent sized steaks covered in mashed potatoes and gravy.The bar is good as they have a great selection of beers. I also love their ice tea, it always hits the spot.
4	i like keegan's.  it's a small chain in phoenix.  they also have one on camelback and another in queen creek.  the food is quality for the most part.  it's american style with some original twists.  the grilled chicken sandwich has a marinated cucumber on it and it's such a nice touch and really makes the sandwich.  also if you order a salad make sure you order the lime ginger vinaigrette dressing.  it's homemade delciousness.  the peach cobbler is to die for and so is the mudpie.  i used to work here years ago and the place is clean and the chefs know what they're doing.  so, i may be biased to keegan's.
3	"Keegan's Grill...seriously?" That was my response when I was asked to go to Keegan's Grill for lunch Sunday afternoon. Typically I won't step foot in an American chain restaurant. You know the ones - who serve uninspired bar food and sing happy birthday songs. Keegan's Grill is different. There are only 3 in the area and compared to the American chain restaurants, who serve @$@! bar food, they have a decent menu. They take pride in their homemade soups, which I was drawn to. I ordered their onion soup. The base had pretty good flavor, the onions were nicely caramelized, the crouton was just the right size, topped with just enough cheese, and most importantly, it was served piping hot. I'm not sure if Keegan's Grill is the kind of place where I will plan in advance to go, but overall it was pretty good.
3	Nice American bistro... not awesome, but nice.  I don't know what it is, but Americans always know how to make things that SHOULD be healthy unhealthy.  For example, I ordered the open faced toasted veggie sandwich and emphasized that I wanted less cheese on top.  I thought that would make it somewhat healthier since I was in the mood for something light (thus the veggie sandwich), but when it came out, it had a creamy sauce that was drizzled over it that I was totally not expecting... and my tummy ached after eating all that heaviness that should have been light!The buffalo wings are tasty here, as well as the broccoli cheddar soup that I ordered.  Our friends had the angel hair shrimp pasta that was Soaking in sauce.. yet another dish that could have been on the healthy side, but Sadly, was not...  Monday's special of the day (the petit filet) was cooked nicely and tasted surprisingly good with the horseradish mustard that I found on the table next to me.I wouldn't really want to go back here, but the food was decent... not bad, not great, just plain ol' decent.
4	Very yummy food in a faux pub environment. It's funny, they definitely designed it to look "pubby," but of course this is the desert, so no one's buying that for a minute. Just good food, relatively large selection of beers, and a friendly wait staff.It's also nice to have a patio where you can smoke. Given the Nazi-like stranglehold on places to eat and smoke, this is a Godsend. If you are a practitioner of the tobacconist arts, you definitely want to add this place to your list of acceptable stops.
4	Average, clean, pseudo-pub-style restaurant with a good menu. Pricing is average or slightly less ($8-$12 for lunch) and they have a variety of tap beers as well as a full bar. I didn't hear anyone in our party of six say anything negative about the food nor the service. The menu seems pretty straight-up to me, with no weird surprises. One person in our party ordered sweet potato fries with her food which came out crispy, the consistency of regular fries. I know how hard it is to crisp up sweet potato fries so this deserves a plus-one!  Also, my cobb salad included chunks of smoked gouda in addition to the bleu cheese. Bonus!
5	For over 10 years Keegan's has been one of my favorite places to go.  The food is always great and with their happy hour menu I find myself going there almost once a week.  The house merlot is great at 2.50 a glass and their appetizers are awesome.  I love the potato skins as they are served as a plate of wedges, not potato boats.  The spinach and artichoke dip is delicious and the chicken quesadilla is stuffed full of cheesy, meaty goodness.  I always ask for extra salsa, it is so fresh and delicious.  Don't even get me started with the fresh fruit cobbler and the lunch and dinner entrees.Note:  Regular happy hour is until 6:30 M-F, however REVERSE starts at 8:00 pm EVERYDAY!!!  Incredible!!  Only 90 minutes on the weeknights when there isn't happy hour!  How cool is that!?Everything is delicious!  Favorites include the Taproom Steak Sandwich, Veggie Melt, Greek Chicken Sandwich, and of course the fries and basil tomatoes!  Recently, I'm hooked on the Thai Cobb Salad with Salmon.  It is SO delicious, the presentation is gorgeous, and that lime-ginger dressing is fabulous!  On Sundays they open up for breakfast too!Go on your birthday and enjoy the Mud Pie dessert . . . so yummy!!
2	I've given it 2 chances lately and both times it was mediocre food and disappointing service. Won't bother to go back.
4	My family and I love this place - it's our "go-to" local spot.  You can sit outside when it's nice, by the bar to catch the game, or in the back for more quiet.  I've never been disappointed with the food, and I've become partial to the veggie melt sandwich even though I'm a carnivore.  And the beer is always cold and crisp.
5	Awsome food awsome service fair prices...i eat here almost everyday for lunch..they have a really good lunch combo for 6.95...have not had anything I didnt like
4	Dinner tonight was my first experience at Keegans and I'll be back...Location is convenient, our waitress was efficient, prices were within reason (happy hour after 8pm everyday is a plus) and the food was better than the typical bar food scene. I had the BBQ ribs with mashed potatoes & steamed broccoli & the hubby had Panko fish & chips. I liked that they offered free range grass fed burgers, organic pilaf options along with being able to order some dishes with less sodium/sugar/carbs. The inside is cozy & pub like; I look forward to sitting on the patio in the coming months...
5	I love Keegans. Does anyone know their secret to the grilled wings? I would love to duplicate them as close as possible. Im addicted to these thing! I love th beef stroganoff too! We visit this place about once a week. Usually the Ocotillo location though! And almost forgot to mention, the cheesy potatos are delish too! As well as the tomato bacon, I believe it was soup. Also enjoyed the crab cakes on special one evening but havent seen them again since.
3	Had the potato skins and sliders for happy hour.  Potato skins were tasty (cut into 1/4 size and loaded with toppings) and sliders were very juicy.  Great happy hour prices and decent selection of discounted appetizers.  Service was very quick but rather lackluster.
5	Yummy!!!!!. They have the best happy hour, and service is awesome too. Never had a bad experience with them, been going there for the last 2 years, its one of my favorite restaurants. Love their firecracker shrimp and nachos, its so delicious.  :)
5	Keegan's is still one of my favorite places and I have the receipts to prove it.  Yep, three times in the last four days. Don't judge. =) Check out the Football Gameday Specials! First beer is $1, happy hour prices after that. Plus, the 12oz M.O.A.B (Mother of all Burgers) is only $7.95 with fries! Monday, Saturday and Sunday during college or pro games!!See you there!
5	I had a shrimp, artichoch pasta dish that was very good.
2	I've been to Keegan's a few times, and I would like to give this 2 1/2 stars bc  it is exactly a middle of the road kind of place. The food was fine, atmosphere normal, drinks were drinks. Nothing stood out to me, but there was also nothiing wrong. I wouldn't suggest it if friends were getting together, but if someone else wanted to go, I wouldn't mind. (but I wouldn't get the nachos)
5	If you go here and have the Filet Mignon or the Stroganoff, that also has Filet Mignon as the beef, and you don't like it...I'll pay for your meal. The only exception is that I get to punch you in the face as hard as I can. Why? Because you suck. If you don't like this then chances are you don't like bacon or good cheese or success or America and I have a problem with you.
4	found this through yelp on a night where we just wanted to sit,relax, and have a iittle food and i'm SO happy we did! we came in around 9, sat in the bar area, was served right away, and got amazing service. the hummus was good but since they were out of their usual variety, our drinks were comped. we ordered potato skins, which had chipolte sour cream and were delightful! i can see going back to try their regualr menu- it is contemporary american food, but what's so worng with that every once in a while???
5	I have been to this spot for lunch, Dinner and Happy Hour many times... I have always enjoyed every meal and a few keep me coming back. The Dagwood - Smoked Ham, Turkey, Bacon, Slaw, with LT&M On Rye. Panko Fish & Chips - Homemade Caper Tartar Sauce, Malt Vinegar, Cole Slaw & Fries. Nearly World Famous Tacos - Grilled Mahi or Firecracker Shrimp with Warm Flour Tortillas, Salsa,Chipotle Sour Cream & Choice of Side. Plus the Sweet Potato Fries... I rate the food as followed.Dagwood - A+Panko Fish & Chips - ANearly World Famous Tacos - B+Sweet Potato Fries - ABBQ Sauce - AI really enjoy the Dagwood it's a great sandwich along with a order of sweet potato fries... I will be back again really soon for a great meal.
4	I've never had a bad meal or bad service at Keegan's. It's one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I'm continually impressed by the consistency of the quality of their food. I feel like every other restaurant I like gets worse over time, but not Keegan's. The food is always fresh, and nothing looks like it came out of a can. The prices are extremely fair for what you get.
4	Good food and good service. Indoor was a bit dark
5	Good food, good service, good prices!!
3	I like this place because they always have some cool and unusual beers on tap (as well as local favorites from San Tan and Four Peaks) but the food is pretty good, too.  It is one of those places that is sort of a cross between a sports bar and a steakhouse.  Their reverse happy hour starts at 8pm which is convenient for those of us who like to get our drink on but not stay out too late.  The apps are only $4 during that time.  I got the sliders and I really enjoyed them.  The wings are very unusual, with a dry rub instead of buffalo sauce, but they were pretty tasty, too.
5	One of our favorite places. We've been for lunch and dinner and always had great meals. The menu has some great variety, and the specials are always worth checking out. Would love to give you a favorite dish, but it's a tough call. Last visit I had the open-faced steak sandwich and it was outstanding. Fish and chips are pretty awesome too. My wife will go just for the sweet potato fries. Will be back soon......and often.
3	This is a pretty good bar/pub place.  The food is reasonably fresh and tasty.  The servers are friendly.  I've eaten here about a half dozen times and everything has been fine, nothing off-scale good or bad.  No complaints, A-OK.
4	Went to Keegan's last night for dinner. We arrived around 7:30 PM. The amount of people there was just about right - not completely empty (which would make me feel like it was unpopular for some reason) and not completely full (which would lead to inattentiveness by our server and an overloud environment). Our waitress introduced herself and asked for our drink orders promptly, and brought them back promptly. After looking over the menu, I ordered the filet mignon (medium) with steamed broccoli and sauteed green beans. We each had a starter - I had a salad with blue cheese dressing and he had the French onion soup. Neither of us was particularly enthused; my dressing tasted like mayonnaise and there were only a few slim morsels of blue cheese to go with my lackluster lettuce and single tomato. The entree, however, truly redeemed any lukewarm feelings I had. It arrived only a few minutes after we finished eating our starters. The outside was charred - as advertised - but the inside was a perfect pink, just the way I like my steak done. The filet was spiced absolutely perfectly. Every bite was a new treat. The beans were also delicious. The broccoli was NOT up to par, but it was the only thing on the plate that was not divine. After we ate our entrees, it was after 8:00, so appetizers were half-off for Reverse Happy Hour. Although our waitress said they normally do Reverse Happy Hour only at the bar, she asked her manager and told us it would be fine to order appetizers from our table - great service there. We got the spicy chicken wings - another winner! The spicing was amazing. They were really, really good. Overall, we agreed that this restaurant was a winner. The service, filet mignon and chicken wings bring this place up to five stars, with only one star taken away for the broccoli and salad experience. I was really pleased with my experience here.
1	Yelp says open till 11:00 pm, arrived at 10:00 pm on Saturday night to empty place and informed that kitchen closed 5 mins ago.  Driving 15 minuted with a larger group than in entire restaurant makes me feel that mgmt or owner was not present.  If kitchen closes at 10:00 pm, please say that in Yelp :-)
4	I came here for lunch w/ some coworkers this past week.The food was great. I had the turkey sandwich that has cranberry sauce and cole slaw on it. good even the second day.
3	It was a little expensive.  $65.80 for two apps, one drink, two sodas, two entrees, and one shared dessert.Highlights:The Grilled Wings were very good.   Nice and crisp, charred but not burned, and not too fatty.  I could have eaten two dozen of them.The Cheddar Potatoes were a hit at the table, liked by all.The Creme Brulee was excellent, and about twice the size that Torched Goodness offers, for 5 cents less than TG charges.Lowlights:The hummus was just plain, and there was something else they put on top of it, something a little bitter - ??  Not sure what it was, but it was not impressive.The "half rack" of ribs were pretty tiny for $14.95.  Not a lot of meat.The Flatiron Steak was also tiny, and overcooked.  Not very tasty at all.Mashed potatoes and Mac-N-Cheese were very pedestrian.All in all, I might go back, have 2 orders of the wings app, and finish with Creme Brulee.  But I won't go with the kids again, not for $75 with tip.  We could have eaten 3 times at Los Taquitos for that price.
5	I love this place!!!! Amazing food and great service and atmosphere!  I highly recommend!
4	Great food. Everything had good flavor and was brought out on time and hot. Service was great, too.
5	Went shopping in the area today, but my wife and I wanted to get something for lunch first and decided to treat ourselves to a sit-down meal rather than fast food for once. Very glad we did.We started with the spinach and artichoke appetizer which also came with a fresh, mild salsa. Both dips were very good as were the tortilla chips.For meals, she got the open face steak sandwich while I went for the turkey burger. The steak was cooked to perfection and was incredibly tender. The burger with chipotle sauce was also grilled and presented well. We both had fries which were flavored just right.Our server was very helpful (even if she didn't know quite everything about the menu), friendly, attentive... everything that you'd expect from an establishment that has a goal of being part of the neighborhood.Great atmosphere, great service, and excellent food. We'll definitely be back and may try their other locations as well.
2	I used to go to Keegan's for breakfast almost every weekend. I hadn't been by in a few weeks because I've been busy, and when I went in yesterday, I was surprised to find that they had a new breakfast menu. The old breakfast menu was composed of breakfast classics: three-egg omelets, pancakes, a breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, etc-- it was tried and true, I never had a problem finding something that I wanted to eat, and at about $6.95 per entree, I couldn't go wrong. Well, the new breakfast menu is nothing like that. I had trouble finding something that I actually WANTED to eat. Instead of three-egg omelets for $6.95, they now have one and a half or two egg frittatas for $7.95-- so they raised the prices and you're now getting even less food for the money. Also, some of the dishes on the new breakfast menu just sound straight up disgusting. Puff pastry, eggs, and marinara for breakfast? No thank you. Unfortunately, it looks like I will have to find a new breakfast joint.
2	It's a bar.The beer selection is great as is the happy hour menu.  We had one of everything as it was a long day at work. It would have been awesome if the bartender would have given a crap about us or the job that she was doing. I won't say that I'd never go back, it just isn't on my list of places that I will run to in Ahwatukee.
4	So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transient-week adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona. This place gets my vote! After an exhausting day of sun and alcohol running the tubes thru the Salt River, we came here for some R&R. I picked up the Rosemary Chicken which was huge on the portion size. Plus delicious. The service was quick and friendly. It was medium as far as the indoor traffic was concerned, but enough to where our waitress could have easily been distracted and not cared about us. I like it overall. Nice place to revisit next time I'm in the area.
3	We went in for a 4th of July dinner. It was an early dinner, and the establishment was not at all busy. We were seated promptly. While being seated, we walked past several chalkboards which showcased their special beers (which looked VERY inviting), and specials of the day with regard to lunch and dinner.I commend this restaurant for striving to be healthy, especially considering this is a brew house and not a "artsy" restaurant. Their menu offers selections which can be made in a lighter version to accommodate special diets. I had a couple of questions regarding ingredients in their dishes and how their "light" versions differed from regular versions. Our waitress politely said she wasn't sure (which I prefer over a lie), and she excused herself to find out the answer. She returned with answers and we proceeded to order.We both ended up ordering the half chicken, but the sides we ordered I do not remember.A few minutes later someone came back to our table (don't remember if it was the waitress or the manager), and told us that they only had one half chicken left. We would have understood if we had come later and the place was packed, but we were early, and the dinner menu had started not too long ago.Okay, fine, I had another entree choice in mind. I spent another minute looking over the menu, and ordered a different chicken entree with 2 sides; one of which was steamed broccoli.Our dishes arrived. The one half chicken we ordered was decent (the sides were nothing special), but there was issue with the chicken dish I received. A few pieces of the broccoli were literally ice cold and not cooked. We quickly informed the waitress, and she said they would make a new batch. The new batch came out a while later, and although it was not cold anymore, it was undercooked. Suffice it to say that I did not finish the side of broccoli.Towards the end of the meal the manager came to our table and apologized about the meal, and offered us a dessert on the house.Overall the customer service was fantastic, the environment was casual, and we also noticed they had plenty of quiet outdoor seating that did not face a loud street.However, given the fact that they ran out of a main entree at the beginning of dinner service and were unable to properly cook steamed broccoli, I had to give it a 3-star (A-OK) review.
4	My dad and his girlfriend are regulars here, and I've joined them for dinner and drinks from time to time and have never been disappointed. The interior is very nice, maybe even mildly upscale for a grill/taproom, and they have an excellent selection of beer. The food is always delicious and is served in generous protion sizes, you get what you pay for.
5	I came here for lunch and ordered the wagu burger. Yum, yum, and more yum! Food was great, service was great, and the lunch menu is very affordable.
4	Keegan's is a "go-to" place for me.  Consistently good food that isn't your run of the mill bar food.  Comfort food and pub grub, all with a bit of a twist.  My favorites are the stroganoff, rosemary chicken, and the something something (I can't remember the name - sorry!) garlicky turkey burger.  Happy hour specials are nothing to turn your nose up at either - their grilled chicken wings are phenomenal as are many of the other apps I've tried.
3	Went for reverse happy hour. We ordered the wings which had decent seasoning but it wasn't crispy and overall was ehh. They have a decent selection of beer though, and my husband and I tried a really good IPA there. It was nice and quiet there on a Saturday night (which was perfect for us because we just wanted to eat some food with beer).
5	Ignore the people commenting/comparing this to bar food. This is not bar food. It's a restaurant that has a bar. It's not a bar that throws chips on a plate and tops it with nacho cheese from a can. It's not a bar that microwaves frozen chicken strips. It's not a bar selling red baron pizza.Last week ordered to go;Spinach and artichoke dip- excellent but small portionFirecracker shrimp tacos- a lot of shrimp. i made 3 tacos and then gave my husband 4 shrimpFish and chips- 2 large portions of perfectly breaded, thick cod.I've been eating at Keegan's for 20years, the food is the same now as it was then, excellent.
5	Great food!  I had the turkey an cranberry on a pretzel bun, and my wife had the Thai Cobb salad, both were awesome!
1	Ordered flatiron steak first time charred to a crisp .. Sent back came back raw in the center
4	Probably the best grilled chicken sandwich I have ever had! This was my first time to try this place, and I will definitely be back. Good service, not a loud place, very enjoyable. My only complaint was the fresh fruit side - it was indeed fresh and tasty, but all it had was pineapple and grapes. I would have liked to have some melon in the mix, or kiwi, or something, although I do realize that melon is much harder to keep fresh in a restaurant environment. All in all, I'm impressed!
5	I had the lunch special. My service was excellent and both the half tuna melt, which my server recommended, and the green salad were delicious, far exceeding my expectations for a bar and grill. The house-made blue cheese dressing was also great. Plus it was cheap at $6.95. They also had free Wi-Fi and some craft beers on tap.
4	Happy hour A+! Great brews. various IPAs & good appetizers to choose from. Firecracker shrimp are to die for & only $5??? Try them already! Had their Chicken Fried Steak special on Tuesday night & it's delicious- atmosphere is chill and unpretentious, definitely worth checking out.
5	Great food, service and atmosphere.  Love the Basil/vinegar salad dressing.  Outstanding "home town" bar and grill, far better than normal bar food. Best in the Ahwatukee area.
2	We were sat and started looking at the menu but realized everything was breakfast. Once our server came over with a couple waters we asked for a lunch menu and were told lunch doesn't start until noon. Seriously no lunch until noon? We have the kind of work schedule where we're up super early so lunch time is at 11AM. Plus most places serve lunch starting at 11AM, some even start at 10:30AM. This was enough to make us leave and go to CK's Tavern instead. This was very disappointing as we were looking forward to giving them a try. Maybe next time...
4	We were seated 2 booths away from the doors. I was chilled, and I was wearing a hoodie and jeans. We waited 10 minutes before our waitress stopped by. No apology as to the wait to get drinks. Appetizers ranged from $7.95 ++, their menu includes fish and chips, salads, corned beef and burgers. The French fries were very well seasoned. Portions were a little large, enough for a snack the next day. Afterwards our waitress was very attentive, made sure drinks were topped off, prompt with doggy bags and check. The atmosphere is bar/restaurant. Prices are $$, but I felt worth it. Location is prime, off of Ray and I-10.
2	We finally came here for dinner but we were disappointed. There wasn't alot to choose from and it's quite expensive. The service was fine and the food was pretty decent but we expected a very different menu and a larger one at that. Plus their prices were way too much. I doubt we'd be back.
5	A little pricey, but happy hour from 2-5 or 2-6:30 on patio. The HH apps are enough to fill up on. We got firecracker shrimp & pueblo queso dip to start, both delicious!!!! Sangria, delicious!  Fish tacos, delicious. And, best dessert!!  Every dessert I've had here was amazing. Oh, and the sangrias are yummy too! It's small and cozy. Cute neighborhood place. But still haven't sold my kids on it yet....I give it 5 stars because the staff has always been so friendly & great with my kids, the food is alway great, and it's cozy. If I could afford it, I would eat here every week!
2	The only reason it got a two stars is because the waitress was great!! The food was not good at all maybe it was a bad night who knows. Little disappointed as this place is right around the corner from my house and it looks like I will need to find a different place to grab a bite to eat. I'm not going to beat this place up with a long drawn out review all I am going to say is sadly I don't plan in coming back.
4	Lisa was ridiculously friendly, giant burgers (cut them in half to eat), quiet atmosphere outside, clean accessible restrooms, and great beer. I'll DEFINITELY be back here. The only downside is that if you're in a wheelchair you have to eat outside because they're booths have a bar under them blocking access, and their tables were all allocated for private parties.
4	I went here because I really wanted potato skins and I had an awful experience at Gallaghers and left. The food here was not bad,but overpriced, and the service was above average. I would go back, but would probably prefer happy hour :-)
5	Really enjoyed this restaurant and it's unique menu. I chose a sandwich I wouldn't normally pick and was not disappointed. The spinach dip was unlike any other. Will definitely be back.
4	Went here for Sunday brunch and I must say I was fairly impressed. My friend had the Corned beef hash and said that it was very good. He said it could use a few less potatoes in it though.I had the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs. I had it with 2 eggs "over easy". The eggs were good, as was the Chicken Fried Steak.  However it was very small.  I was disappointed it wasn't homemade too as most restaurants make their own anymore.  I also had Rosemary potatoes that were very good.  Wewere also were going to split a side order of Sausage biscuits & gravy.  I gotta say those weren't very good. My wife ordered the "Blueberry French Toast Brioche" and said it was AWESOME! I stole a bite while she wasn't looking and I concur! She didn't LIKE the Biscuits and Gravy either.They have a damned GOOD Beer selection as well. That's ALWAYS good to know. Would go here again for either lunch or brunch.
5	Everything here is delicious!  Burgers on pretzel buns is where it's at.  And the fish tacos were amazing and I don't even like fish!  If you're thinking about trying is place, do yourself a favor and go!
4	Burgers were great.  Beer was good. Everyone was pretty pleased.I especially liked the fact that the burgers were RARE when requested is a big plus in my opinion.  They have a wide selection of draft beers which was nice.
1	Extremely disappointed.  Been coming here for years.  Last night, I ordered the catfish on special. Since they burned the fish the last time I got it to go, I asked them to cook it light brown. They send it out RAW.  There were no apologies and nothing done to make it right.  Last night, they lost a regular customer!
4	Decent food. We ordered cod fish tacos and salmon with quinoa which was listed as lifestyle menu. My entree side was kale salad which was not my favorite. Drinks were good and service was nice but slow.
4	Looking for a late dinner my husband and I stopped into Keegan's 5 minutes before the kitchen closed. The hostess and waitress were both very nice. We both ordered the turkey burger and it was amazing. The restaurant hand a calm atmosphere, my husband watched some sport on the tv and we enjoyed our meal. We were never rushed and the staff was very attentive. I will be back again
4	Great place for happy hour with fantastic prices and the food was really good!  Very nice service as well.
5	Really great experience. Alex was my bartender and waiter and he made it a really pleasant experience. I had the "twenty year famous shrimp tacos" and they were excellent.  I live in a coastal town know for its seafood tacos and these, in Phoenix, were as good as any I've had at home.  With a side of green chili Mac and cheese and a spectacular dinner salad (nice touch with the dill) ...awesome meal. I have to admit I've been here a few times before and have not felt as satisfied, but tonight... Wow. It's what have you done for me lately, right? Lately this place rocks.  Btw, the guy next to me just got served the 1/2 chicken and it's pretty dinky. Looks like half a Cornish hen.  Maybe avoid that...
5	We went for happy hour and had a great experience we ordered the firecracker shrimp the baby back ribs they were delicious perfectlly cooked. We really enjoyed the sliders as well.  pumpkin stout was delicious. I had the huckleberry margarita and it was awesome
4	Good food selection.  I am roadtripping homr yo washington and was really happy to see a Moscow mule on the menu. Happy hour is 2-5 In the living room and 2-630pm Monday through fri in the bar and patio.
5	The food and Service is ALWAYS great! My boyfriend and I are frequent visitors to this location because it never disappoints. The service is always prompt and they staff friendly. We have been working our way through the menu and haven't had anything that we did not like. It does kinda of suck that you can only have Happy Hour prices when you sit in the bar area, but it doesn't keep us away. I would definitely recommend.
3	The food = 4.5 starsThe Environment = 1 starWifi = 2.5 stars: The wifi works great, but there are no conveniently located outlets The real place that Keegan's Grill looses me is the ambiance of the restaurant. I don't like when restaurants are dark and not open. This place is not really somewhere we frequent (even though the food is good) because I don't like how dark it is. If you're looking for a good lunch then this place does the job, but if you're looking for food and environment then I would recommend choosing one of the other places on the same road.
4	Great bar service, wonderful Cesar salad and I love that it comes with the yummy little dinner rolls. Definitely caters to an older crowd but the food is good and reasonably priced.
4	Super strong drinks . Had a dirty martini and it was delicious and strong. Super nice hostess  and waitress . Great menu. The artichoke dip was off the charts . Super classy atmosphere . The spinach artichoke dip was amazing.
3	The service was good, but the food lacked flavor. It wasn't inedible, though. I ordered the French dip with a side of sweet potato fries. The other people in my party seemed to feel the same way about it.
