4	You certainly won't find any better Thai food in Matthews!  This is the sister of the East Blvd. location.
2	Food was good but, not great. Location is very cool, in the town center. (think Big White columned building with southern looking square)No lunch specials-you paid dinner prices.
5	Thai Taste is my husband and my favorite restaurant.  We always look forward to Friday night Thai food, and we let Wan-Pen tell us what's good each time we visit.  She never lets us down!  We've eaten at all the Thai restaurants in South Charlotte, and this is our favorite!  Fresh tasting, spicy hot dishes with Thai beer - doesn't get much better.  The staff is very friendly.  I disagree with the reviewer who said there are no lunch specials because there ARE!  Our favorite dish is the red or green curry with chicken, "drunken noodles" and the fish special with basil sauce.  Appetizers are yummy too (chicken satay and spring rolls and dumplings, oh my!)
4	Thai Taste has good reason to be the oldest Thai restaurant in Charlotte; its bursting with flavors, very attentive wait staff, and reasonably priced.  I recently visited the Matthews location (across from Beantown Tavern and the public library) and I was filled and fulfilled with what I ate.My friend and I began with the spring rolls. crispy and not saturated in oil.  Our waitress explained the different lunch specials and combinations of meats (4 meats and tofu) and curries (three of varying heat).  I ordered the sesame chicken lunch special.  Unlike sesame chicken at Chinese restaurants, the sauce was not at all heavy and sweetened beyond recognition.  The chicken was white meat and lightly fried, covered with a spicy, sweet sauce and fresh broccoli florets, served with a large bowl of clumpy white rice.  I sipped on hot jasmine tea from a small kettle, which the waitress replaced twice and offered a third refill.  Who does that?For $14, I think is a great place to get a "catch up" meal with a friend.  If you eat too much, you can always walk it off in downtown Matthews.  Kudos, Thai Taste!
3	Great food, reasonable portions and prices, but the service... Each time I've been here a dude brings out the food, guesses at which dishes he is holding, and stands at the end of the table yelling them out until they are claimed. Service is one of the very few things that they don't have quite right.
4	I've only ever been to the other location on East but my office is somewhat close to here so we came in for lunch and we asked if they could do the Pud Se Ew even if it wasn't on the lunch menu. They told us absolutely and that they will make it whenever we want! Our food took all of 6mins to be out and it was delicious! We were in and out in 25mins! Service was really great and I can't wait to go back to this location!
4	Came here for dinner the other night after a failed attempt to try this place (they were closed for a week - probably summer vacation).  Did not notice the sign that read "The oldest Thai restaurant in Charlotte" until leaving, but that was a good indication of longevity and the quality of their food.  Now the Matthew's location is pretty new - the staff is super friendly and the dining room is ultra clean.Our food came out rather fast after ordering (a good thing!).  I had the "C-2" curry with chicken and it was delicious.  The amount of rice served with the dish was perfect..... I always have trouble with my rice to mean/sauce ratio.  I got a "3" heat for the spiciness and by the end of the meal, my mouth was good and warm - just the right amount.
4	I enjoy going here for lunch.  I appreciate the simple lunch menu and the quick service.  I've been to the University location many times for dinner as well and the quality is consistent and the food is delicious.
5	ROASTED CRISPY DUCK!SO good, i don't even know where to begin. All of their coconut based curry dishes are incredible. Although,my favorite has to be the Gaeng Kua Curry with the pineapples. Chicken, Shrimp etc... all are great in the curries however, the ROASTED CRISPY DUCK really just stands out above them all. I have had duck many times at other Thai restaurants. I thought it was good at those, this doesn't even compare its so much better. Its heavenly. The roasted skin stays crispy the entire time its in the curry, while the inside is still super  tender. I cannot even express accurately how amazing this dish is. I was inspired to write haiku's about it after trying it for the first time. So good it inspires poetry!I find the portion sizes to be prefect, the ingredients are super fresh and the dishes have a good amount of spice heat to them. Although, i could very easily go wayyyy beyond the 5 rating. The service is always very prompt and friendly. I'd also say the prices are very reasonable for the quality of dishes served. When food is this good i've got no problem shelling out the dough.
5	I am surprised that this place hasn't been reviewed by any yelpers. The decor is nice  and has plenty of seatings. We ordered some fried tofu, and spring rolls as starters and they were really good. For the meal, we got green curry, pad Thai, drunken noodles and some fried rice. Everything tasted really good, and the spice level was perfect. I ordered my drunken noodles spicy and they actually came spicy, not just hot like some other Thai restaurants do. Service was good as well, our server was polite and attentive and made us feel welcome. Overall, I would recommend this place to everyone.
5	Best Thai food I've ever had! And I try a lot of Thai restaurants. Staff is very nice. Try the sesame chicken, fried rice and curry! Awesome!
2	I'm not too happy about having to downgrade it but I have to do this.For dinner I tried their Basil crispy duck, it was good, pretty good ... but not great. This is why:1- the pieces of duck had been carved too small and too thin both. It tasted of crispy duck but I never got a mouthful of flavor At $19 dollars w/tea included, deep in Matthews 2- There was plenty of basil, they claim fresh basil but I could barely taste it. Either it wasn't fresh or the chef burned the flavor out of it.3- I barely ate any of the Jasmin rice. That means there was not enough flavor/and or sauce to flavor the rice. I don't get why they had to be so chintzy  with the duck. I've had much better, cheaper and more of it as well. No, not in Charlotte. We also ordered Massaman curry shrimp. Both the dish and the rice were room temperature at best. The server (runner) objected that it came from the "warm plate" I told him yes but not long enough. For some reason the waitresses thought it was all very funny. They zapped the curry and brought it back 30 seconds later. The rice was still cold. The curry was pretty good. The shrimp was plump, about 30 count and still had good texture but the carrot and the potato were mealy. And like I said the rice was cold. $14 including the hot tea. Not too cheap considering.I get the feeling this place does best at lunch but coasts through dinner in a sloppy way.
2	A couple more lunches and dinners later ....I've confirmed my original impression. It's a  place for lunch, prices could be a couple of dollars lower but no biggie. The food is fresh and the dining area is pleasantAt dinner time the quality lags. Prices are much higher, and worse the food is just lackadaisical,  leftovers zapped in the microwave in a loveless manner at top Thai restaurant prices.  Good for lunch, lousy at dinner. Sounds harsh, not my fault.
4	Pad Kee Mow, close enough for four yelp stars.  Ordered without Egg, served WITH Egg, still real good!  The way they cooked the egg is the way I would cook the egg for this dish or for Pad Thai or any stir-fried dish!  This was the best meal I have eaten at Thai Taste (the last one was shortly after they opened this location years ago).  The Pad Kee Mow carries the stars (4 yelp stars) for this dine!  The service was good though I usually do not add or subtract stars or even fractions of stars for service good or bad!  So good service does not increase their rating though the rest of the food could bring the rating down, I'm over looking it this time!The Chicken Satay was A-OK close to 3 yelp stars.  The Peanut Sauce was better than most, though not as good as the best ones - 3.2 stars.  This means I would not order it again. The soup and the spring roll were included in the meal and would NOT get 3 stars, maybe two, though I do not let "throw-away" items effect the overall rating of the meal most of the time including today!Great Dinning Room, almost a Sun-room.  Glass around three sides shows off the outdoor patio! The Decor is Simple, not gaudy!  I like both Simple and gaudy, though I prefer Simple!  If I were giving stars for how the place looked I would say this place has potential and the stars would not effect today's dine rating!  Usually the way a place looks does not effect my yelp rating.
2	We used to make the trek up to East blvd. until this one opened.  Always love the summer rolls, chicken in red curry sauce, and pad gra pow.  However, the last two times we went (it has been a while, hesitant to go back) we had lower quality food.  First, my husband bit on a plastic disk found in a mouthful of rice. When we told the manager (we had been there several times and she recognized us) she simply claimed that happens and made no reparations. The next time the chicken was tough and rubbery in the curry.  She blamed her cook who she said was Hispanic and therefore didn't know how to make Thai?Think I will either make the trek to East for consistently good food and service or hit the local Thai in Blakeney for a quick bite.
3	Pretty decent output here. Atmosphere is so-so.  Better options in Charlotte for Thai but this place is solid if you're in Matthews
3	Somehow related to the Thai Taste on East Boulevard in South End, this location has a few differences in the way they approach the lunch specials. Instead of unsweetened tea and a pitcher and a squeeze bottle of sugar syrup, they simply have sweet tea. Fewer condiments on the table. And they take the check at the table instead of at the register.But the differences don't end there. The lunch specials "menu card" is the same with the same prices, but I found the Pad Thai with Chicken a little hotter (two star fresh here is equivalent to three star fresh in South End) and it was mixed up differently. Slightly different flavor and texture. Not better, not worse. Just different.
3	I find myself in agreement with some of the other reviewers (some of whom I'm never in agreement with). I've been here several times for lunch and a couple times for dinner.There are few options in Matthews-Mint Hill for Thai food, so Thai Taste Matthews serves to fill that void. A unique corner space in Matthews Station across from Town Hall, Thai taste is elegantly decorated and staffed by warm, welcoming employees.For lunch, they are fantastic. A variety of menu items that arrive well executed. I find their lunch portions to be just the right size, too: not so small you find yourself snacking but not so egregiously large that you need a mid-afternoon nap. I'm not the biggest fan of heat, so you order your spice level using 1-5. Two is usually where I fall, especially if it's in a coconut sauce with a slight sweetness to cut the heat. Friends who are into hot and spicy are happy with a 3.Dinner, on the other hand, has not been as kind to me. The prices are noticeably higher for many of the same dishes and the quality seems to lag. Maybe I've just been on bad nights, but it has happened more than once and worthy of noting.For a quick Thai fix, especially when the mood strikes midday, Thai Taste will certainly fit the bill if you are in Matthews.
5	The best Thai food I've had....ever. For the past 4 years, I've eaten here every 8-10 weeks (I would eat here more if my eating-out budget allowed.)Pad Thai, (level 3 spicyness) is fantastic. Fried Rice: great. The beef & chicken skewers with the coconut dipping sauce is addiction forming :) I ALWAYS finish my meal with Mango Sticky rice. Sometimes, I just head there for this desert treat alone.  The staff is always exceptionally friendly & accommodating.I love cooking at home, and will often learn how to many of the dishes I enjoy at restaurants. Thai Taste is the exception; I simply cannot match the ambience, food,  and staff experience at home. That's what eating out should be all about, right?Love Thai Taste.
1	Practically born and raised in Thai restaurants because my family owns several in Chicago and Thailand  -- I hope that means something when I say I will never go back to this place. Worst Thai food ever. Sometimes when I walk into a place they immediately wonder if I am Thai and ask me if I want "authentic Thai".  Isn't that what I am here for?  Immediately I recognize that I might not have always have a good meal if I frequent the restaurant.  I walked in to Thai Taste and got several looks and stares but none of the owners or wait staff ever asked me.  I figure that this place has been around for years and it's busy so it must be decent, right?  This place just serves whatever they throw on a plate and calls it Thai food, maybe that's why the restaurant is called "Taste of Thai" because it sure don't taste like it!  I would be much happier eating Chinese and I don't even like Chinese food.  Just because it's the first restaurant of its kind in the area, does not mean that it's the best or any good.  So enough of my ranting.  Here's some useful information - our table had Satay, Mee Krob, Tod Mon Pla,  Panang, Pad Gra Pow, Pad Thai, and their "specialty" Thai Taste Fried Rice.  You know...basic Thai food that most Thais know how to cook. The equivalent difficulty in cooking a few of these dishes would be chicken wings, spaghetti, and beef stew.  I tasted everything (I chuckle now when I say "taste" simply because of the name of this restaurant) and did not enjoy a single thing. The meat was either dry or tough, the flavor was either lacking in one dish or foul in another.  It also seemed like the cook was trying to be "creative" but ended up tasting (haha, there's that word again) like a disaster.This place is busy and I have heard good things about it from locals.  I have also heard that before this place opened, no one really has had Thai food before.  My experience with people and Asian food, actually food in general in NC, is that people don't know the difference or don't know any better. So readers....here is my recommendation - skip Thai Taste and go to Thai 1st Bistro @ Blakeney and get yourself some decent Thai food!  It's worth the drive.A message to the Thai Taste owners: stick with simple basic Thai cooking.  Stay true to the flavors and ingredients of Thai food by keeping it authentic.
4	One of our favorite places to eat.
5	Always great food! Prices are very fair as well. The service is alway fast and courteous.
4	The wait staff was so friendly, you felt completely comfortable dining here. We ordered off of the lunch menu and everything was delivered quickly. The food was excellent and well priced.
3	I don't know why I chose three stars...It just wasn't as bad as 2 stars but not as good as 4 stars.  I just overall didn't really enjoy my experience here.  The service was ok, just not super friendly.  The food was decent but nothing special.  I tried the chicken pad thai and the flavoring was just odd.  It is almost as if they cooked some type of fishy fish in the same pan right before heating up my frozen meal.  It came out too quickly to be very fresh and I couldn't really taste anything but a fishy aftertaste and there wasn't any fish in my dish.  Bleh....The chicken was not tender either...it was chewy and I left most of it on my plate even though I really wanted the protein.  It just wasn't worth choking down the "smicken" or whatever type of alternate meat it was.Won't be back..
5	I will start by saying that Thai Taste is by far my favorite Thai restaurant.  That being said, I am not a Thai food expert by any means.  I frequently (once every 2 weeks at least) eat Thai food but I usually get the same few dishes.  I LOVE Pad Thai and Thai Taste has the best I have ever had.  I love the lunch special because for under $10 you get soup, one of the lunch specials (Pad Thai is always on the menu), and a spring roll.  I have also tried the Pad See Ew, Spring Roll appetizer, and several different hot pots of soup.  I have never had a problem with the service here.  The food, drinks, refills, and check delivery have always been quick.  I will continue to frequent Thai Taste any time I visit my parents/friends in Charlotte.
4	One of our favorite places to eat.
2	The food here is getting worse as time goes by. Yelpers like to lay claim to the "Best in Charlotte", well here I had the WORST Pud Thai lunch in Charlotte! I asked for 5 star hot and I got medium hot as expected, not well mixed in either,  it was "hotish" parts , totally mild in others.  In itself not a big deal but overcooked needle thin noodles, no ground peanuts, hardly any sprouts ... it was bland bland bland, had no flavor whatsoever other than...salt and sweetener, as in high fructose corn syrup. Personally, I felt it was an insult for them to pass this crap as Pad Thai, but they seem to know their clientele and what they can get away with.I forgot to mention that rice soup ( a facsimile of Gerber's baby soup) is included with the lunch
4	Finally found myself in downtown Matthews for lunch and stopped in at Thai Taste. I knew it was there but just hadn't had the chance to try it yet. It was just after 1pm and the place was fairly busy but I was seated right away. Went with the chicken Pad Thai with a level 4 heat. The chicken was tender but the heat fell short on where I expected it to be. That's ok, the flavor & texture was spot on. The spring roll was crispy and hot. The staff was friendly and quick to refill my tea. Overall a really good experience. I look forward to going back.
5	Not only do I love this place, but I'm quick to send friends. The soft spring rolls are fresh and very authentic. The taste brings back memories of Southeast Asia. when within 30 miles and looking for Thai, this should be your first pick.
5	Best currently open Thai food in Charlotte area that I have experienced to date.  They honored my request for native Thai spice on the last several occasions.  Great food, value and service with pleasant atmosphere.  We will be back for more!
2	Just ok. Periodically gets very low health dept ratings. I got an upset stomach (polite word for diarrhea) twice in a row after going there.
1	My husband and I ate lunch here for the first and last time 7/26/14.  Our waitress, who appeared to be the owner or manager, was very rude and argumentative.  She refused to even consider our one special request (steamed tofu instead of deep fried).  Her answers to all our questions were always  "no."  She seemed to be doing us a favor when taking our order and bringing us the overcooked, BLAND, greasy, overpriced poor excuse for Thai food.  The women's bathroom was dirty and needs a complete renovation.  Thai Taste is awful compared to all the other Charlotte area Thai restaurants.  If you do decide to give it a try, don't order any shrimp dish.  The chef has no idea how to cook shrimp.
5	The food here is always spectacular and the service is always good. If you come a couple of times, the proprietor will remember you (and she does for us since we come every couple of weeks). I believe it's a sister location to the Thai House on East Blvd.Get the number 4 as an appetizer. I rate Thai places based on how good their Pad Thai is and this is a good one.
4	We ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai, Summer Rolls, and Fried Tofu. The food was delicious and fresh. The service was friendly and accommodating.
5	I'm not a big Thai food guy, but the Green Curry Chicken was delightful.  I ordered it medium spicy (2 out of 5) and it was perfect for me: Spicy but not painful.  Service was good.  Disappointed in the limited selection of beers (no Miller nor Coors products?).
5	Hands-down...the best Thai food in Charlotte!  We always go at lunch time and the place is always busy.  The service is always fast and friendly and the food is always hot and delicious.  They use excellent ingredients...lots of fresh veggies (including HOT peppers and Thai Basil), lean meats, and they buy their noodles fresh.  I highly recommend that unadvertised "House Noodles with all 3 meats".  Outstanding!
5	I love this place! The food is always great and it comes out fast. The service is excellent and extremely attentive. I usually get the Pud Asparagus or the Kow Pud Sub Pra Ros (like a Thai fried rice). They are both really great! You get so much food for the price too. The soup is great and so are the spring rolls. They ask how spicy you want it and always make it exactly how I ask. They also have hot sauces you can add yourself to give it a little kick. Stop by this location or one of the other Charlotte area spots. You won't be disappointed!
2	The venue itself is pretty nice and they have a friendly staff. It's a shame we were in a rush and waited close to 10 minutes for someone to even ask us what we wanted to drink. We walked over to Bean Town across the street instead.Looks like there are some great reviews and I hate to go against the grain, but I thought that was a little much for a nice sit down joint like it appears to be. Will be sure to try again.
1	Never in my life have I been ACCUSED of something when simply trying to pick up my to-go order! I walked in to retrieve my order of Pad Thai, to be confronted by a hostile, fire breathing woman asking me if I had written a negative review on the Internet because whoever did....placed an order similar to mine. I told her no, that it wasn't me...because surely there has to be another person on earth that has placed an order for meatless Pad Thai. She asked me again. I told her once more that it was not me. She then summoned an older women to the front where they exchanged foreign language shenanigans and at that moment, I no longer was ok with this bullying by little angry Thai women. It was also apparent that they had decided I was the guilty party before I even arrived, so I definitely was NOT ok with eating that (probably tampered with) food. I was a patron of this mediocre place because it was closer to me than Basil Thai...but from now on, I will drive further for better service and better food. And now....I definitely am writing a negative review and will shout it from the mountaintops that this place has horrible service with food that is extra average & should not be patronized!
5	OH. MY. GOD. THAI TASTE IS THE BEST. Seriously, their food is amazing. While it does take a while for the food to come out, I can assure you the wait is worth it. I have eaten at Thai Taste many times and I have never left disappointed. I recommend the classic Pad Thai with chicken. The ambience is true to the Thai culture and the service is excellent. Seriously, I love this place.
5	Have been a few times now.  Discovered that you can get items not on the specials lunch menu from the regular menu - just gotta ask.  Our service was great, the food was great (Kaprow), and they serve cold or Hot Sake which is an added bonus.  Will definitely be taking my friends and family here!
4	I love Thai taste! I always get the pad Thai lunch. It's a great value because it comes with soup and a spring roll. Be warned: their food is spicy! I always order a 1/5. The reason I knocked off a star is because I wish they were more consistent with their spice. Sometimes I get a 1/5 and it's totally fine. Other times, it's so spicy I can't even finish it all! Despite this, it's hands down my favorite Thai place in Charlotte. Great food, great value.
