1	Deserves zero minus.  On a SECOND apt for a repair(first on no one showed for the 4 hour window....try again, no one shows again for a 4 hour window.  If you TRY to get help thru their office, forget it...cant contact repair person am told...I made 3 calls which were received with zero help...wasted entire day again.  Do NOT use these guys...
1	This place screwed my friend Marlena. She paid $59.99 for a service call and they said they would be back the next day and they weren't. She continues to try and call them to no avail. Now she is sitting with no dryer and out of $60!
1	On September 25 at 8:14 am I brought in my 55 inch LG.  I was told within a day or two I would be called with an estimate for repairs.  Since then, I've called at least 3 times, each time I was told that there was nothing in the computer regarding my television but that someone would call me back later that same day or the next day with information and a repair estimate.  I stopped in last Saturday and was told the exact same thing, only this time the older gentleman at the desk printed my invoice and wrote on it to have someone call me back on Monday.  I've also stopped in twice during your normally advertised business hours, including this afternoon a little after 1pm, and no one was there.  To date, no one from your company has ever contacted me.This is not acceptable behavior and is unprofessional at an extreme level.  At this point I don't know that my TV is even still in your shop.  So, barring a rapid and competitive response, I want to pick up my TV and take it elsewhere for repairs and have the $30 I paid a month ago refunded to me for failure to perform.
1	These guys sold me a dishwasher that would not drain properly.My house smelled like a sewer. They said I needed to run an extra rinse and that would fix the problem. Finally I called another store. That solved the problem and I found out that Denny's had sold me a used machineTHEY ARE CROOKS!!!
1	this business is closed permanently!!
