5	So me and the Mr have been in Puerto Vallarta for the last week having a wonderful vacation! We ate and drank and drank and of course, drank some more. One of the waiters in PV recommended to us that we try this place as soon as we get back, small world eh?Getting back we tried Huauchinango as soon as we could, within 24 hours! This place is crazy.. after walking in the door we immediately felt like we were back in PV! Some sort of Latin wormhole opened up and transported us right back to Mexico! Oh how I love Latins and wormholes! We were of course the only white guys in the place, well so we thought. We were immediately greeted by a very nice looking white guy.. sweet! He was quick to explain the menu to us as its mostly in Spanish but you can figure it out pretty quickly on your own. Of course me and the Mr went to town!! 2 tacos al pastor, quesadillas, 1 carna asada burrito and a chicken/cheese tamale. All I can say is.. oh, fuck yeah! This place is the real deal! The food is all made from scratch and in house. All the food we ordered was fucking great! The quesadillas were made from masa, stuffed with cheese and chicken then grilled and covered with green sauce, lettuce and cotija cheese. Hot, melty, slightly salty, tender, melt in your mouth good! The tacos al pastor were just like we had in PV! They have a vertical spit loaded with layered pork roast and a pineapple.. all slow roasted to perfection! All that piled onto 2 hot fresh corn tortillas.. divine!! Tamale was perfectly made, tender, non greasy with just the right amount of chili's, chicken and cheese.. here we go again, fuck yeah! Finally the carne asada burrito.. this thing is HUGE! Loaded with tender beef, beans and rice.. was a real gutbuster! Also house made are 4 different salsa's.. red, 2 greens and a habanero salsa that I'm going to feel around the ol' choco starfish manyana! All had wonderful flavors but one of the greens was my fav, I think it was a creamed avocado salsa.. super smooth, kind of spicy and very flavorful! All of this for 18 bucks!! I know I should keep my mouth shut and make this my secret Mexican place but let me tell you, food this good should never be a secret!!Comer con gusto!
5	Wanna go to Mexico but too broke in this economy to make the trip?  Well then take yourself on over to Huauchinango.  Named after a city in the southern Mexican state of Puebla, you will absolutely feel like you have left the US and gone south of the border.  Unlike most of the "Mexican" restaurants in this city, this one actually has Mexicans as customers.While I have only had the egg, chorizo and potato burrito, I feel comfortable recommending the food across the board.  The burrito is excellent from egg to tortilla to chorizo, very high quality.  And the green salsa is outstanding.   There are fountain drinks, but also a case of Mexican juices and sodas as well.  The menu is written in Spanish with English translation.  The staff is super friendly, English speaking and happy to make recommendations or explain any unfamiliar items.  The environment is low key but clean and comfortable.  I owe the boyfriend big time for discovering this gem.
4	YAY!!!  I FINALLY found street tacos in Scottsdale that are quite tasty and hit the spot when I have my King Taco or El Taurino (both in LA) cravings!  Priced at $1.25 each, they fit in the palm of your hand and you can choose your meat preference.  I got the carne asade & steak and then they top it with onions and cilantro.  The chicken rolled tacos were quite good also and they were perfectly fried with a soft crunchy texture.   I'd recommend both without hesitation.AND, if you like spicy, you gotta try the habanero sauce.  I like spicy but this really knocked my socks off.  I probably sniffled for a few hours.Don't expect gourmet.  This place is quite the dive but pretty authentic :)
3	Tonight I had a new experience. I feel like there are very few times in my life that I experience new foods for the first time; i eat a wide range of food but i'm so used to it that it's not exciting. Tonight I ate new food. I was a little nervous about going to Huauchinango because although I love  mexican food, when it is "authentic" there might not be anything for vegetarians to eat. I went in and there were plenty of seats. Alright, no vegetarian tacos or burritos. no bean and rice platters. oh, oh, okay here are the quesadillas...mushroom, okay good, well lets keep looking. That's when I saw the huachitlacoyos, my choice of bean or garbanzo. sounds safe, let's do it.A Tlacoyo is an oval shaped fried cake filled with mashed beans and topped with fire-hot salsa, chopped cactus, cilantro, lettuce and queso oaxaca. The $5 dish came with 2 Tlacoyos and they were really yummy! totally new food! I was thinking they were like arepas, except not really because they aren't made of corn and aren't pan seared. Wikipedia says they are like Salvadoran pupusas but i've not had one of those either.So don't get my 3 star rating wrong, I really enjoyed my meal and it's wallet-friendly price tag. I wasn't surprised that there weren't more veg options. It's just not a place I will be frequent, unless i'm on a tlacoyo binge.
4	I stopped by the Huauchinango Mexican Grill about two weeks ago on a Saturday morning around 10am, as I was hoping to be able to score a breakfast burrito of some sort but I would not find one on the menu.  What I did find was a bustling restaurant of smiling faces cheerfully speaking a language that I wish I knew better, chomping away on large plates of food, some dishes recognizable, some not.Since I was already in the mood for this aforementioned burrito, I decided to order a little lunch sampler for later in the day which included one of each of their three tamales, in addition two tacos, pescado and carnitas - all of which were absolutely fantastic!  There is a sauce bar with three very different and very tasty salsas, too - all available for takeout.I will note that the entire menu is in Spanish with very few things in English, but if you have any experience with Mexican food at all, you will have no problem navigating this extraordinary menu.I can't wait to go back!
4	I've been to this little gem two times now and would love to recommend it to anyone!  The one thing I will say is that while a lot of the standard Mexican dishes are on the menu, they definitely have a different feel than most, even authentic, Mexican restaurants.  I have ordered the Huaraches and the Quesadillas and they were both excellent.  All of their dishes are served in a green sauce, which I could see some people being more excited about than others.  Keep in mind the sauce is delicious, as is their salsa verde which comes complimentary with some chips before your meal.All in all, with the excellent and helpful wait staff, this place was great.  The only thing that keeps it from five stars is the fact that the dishes seem similar as they all come fried and served in the sauce.
5	I am SO glad to find this! A guy from Mexico I dated took me here, and I've wanted to get back but could not remember the name. You know , if you're like me- I'm always looking & looking at little hole-in-the-wall Mexican places wondering:  gem? food poisoning? 6 :00 news "outing"? This is in the gem category. Be fearless, be confident. go eat there.
4	I've been looking for a Mexican restaurant in South Scottsdale and after reading reviews I decided to go here. It was very authentic, servers were nice but we had a communication barrier..We ended up getting through that and I ordered two tacos-pork..Had chips and salsa-they have a little salsa bar-like set up-the salsa was awesome. They had a habanero salsa that was soooo good. It was hot and had a good flavor. Had the tacos and they were also good. It was very reasonable and I would definitely go back!The place is very small so if you are taking a large group..it can get a little crowded...
4	If you dare to venture into the hood of south Scottsdale, and I mean way south (you know the scary part where you may find a stray cat, but never a cougar),  you'll find Huauchinango Mexican Grill and me most likely stuffin' my face.English is a second language here, both on the menu and for some of the servers, but it's not enough to keep me away.  First stop, we ordered a total of 4 tamales, a taco, and a side of beans for about $8!  Even if the food tasted like crap (and no I don't have first hand experience of what actual crap tastes like, but I can imagine), it would be a good deal.  But guess what, the food is great!All the tamales were on the hot side, but the green was the milder of the three I sampled, and my favorite, too.  I've also had both the carne asada and carnitas tacos and I couldn't have stopped eating long enough to complain if I tried.  They're small street tacos on soft corn tortillas so order a bunch!So head over, grab a seat (they'll take your order from the table if you like), and prepare to feast on a dime.  Word of warning, prepare to smell like the grill after you leave and don't be surprised if you're given a plastic spoon to eat with.  Regular flatware one day, only a plastic spoon the next.  If I could reliably get a real fork, I might "fork" over that 5th star.
4	We came here and got a sampling of food.  The quesadilla's, touted as phoenix's best by the New Times were more like a smothered crispy taco with some cheese like you've never had inside.      A bit too much deep fried flavor for me though.The rellenos were served in a bowl, smothered with a red sauce which was unique - not like you would find in the AZ/NM area.  Lot's of breading on the rellenos.  Not the best chiles. Meh.Salsa.  A++.The green stuff they bring out with the chips is eeeeexcellent.The habanero from the salsa bar made me come back for a second time.  If you can stand the heat, make sure to try it on some of the tacos.  Al pastor and spicy chicken were the meats we chose.  Muah.Unfortunately, the salsa cooking in the back made us leave the first time.  AHawk though she was having indigestion or something, but then starting choking and coughing.  Serious stuff here.
4	The AC was not working at lunchtime (although it was only 101 in the shade at noon, and plenty toasty inside)...didn't matter...the place was packed and for good reason!Huauchinango is terrific!The place was not, however, packed with Northern European Ice Age survivors like myself...It was packed with my bretheren and sisteren from south of the border.Other than a brief conversation with the owner and some chat with my luncheon companion, every other conversation was spanish and the only other word I heard that I really understood was "GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL" from the soccer match on the tiny TV above my head (they love their soccer at Huauchinango)!And they love their genuine, authentic, non-amercanized food...not tex-mex, not even sonoran...Puebla...SSE of Mexico City, on your way to the Yucatan!I haven't had anything like this since the last time I was in "real" non-resort Mexico (which has been few years, admittedly...too many decapitations...I'm old and feeble and the thought of having someone try to chop my head off...well...it's not appealing).But I'm as safe at Huauchinango as if I were in my own Heavenly Bed !And better fed.All menu items are in Spanish...just as well because it seems that approx. 98% of their customers are Mexican with a craving for real home cooking...and that's what they get!From Chiliaquiles to Huaraches to Gorditas and Burros, Carne Asada, Pastor and beef rinds to Tripe and Tostadas (I can't remember how spell any of that in Spanish...but the menu has english sub-titles, so you will be good to go) it's all fresh, freshly made and quite delicious!Let's talk salsa's...they have a small salsa bar that they are justifiable proud of...a truly sublime green tomatillo/cilantro salsa, a spicy and savory red salsa and a demure orange habanero salsa (it looks so innocent yet will turn your mouth to cellophane and then light a match to it...seriously, if you are not used to spicy, you will feel like you just ate the sun)...I have to add though,  that the habanero salsa is not just hot, but really very tasty!You will be missing something if you don't give it spinToday I had a grilled beef Huaraches, with verde sauce and a peppery jalisco grated on top, and I split a red chili tamale with my lunch buddy (both suitably annointed with habanero salsa, so the burn will keep me awake at my desk this afternoon).My buddy had a Quesadilla of some sort and a strawberry Agua Fresca, but didn't quite have the cajones to take on the habanero's.We ate a mountain of absolutely authentic and well prepared mexican food, along with a never empty Diet Pepsi (HAHAHA...I love that about myself...food cooked in lard and a diet beverage) that set me back a whopping $6.59 for my half (before tip).And I tipped lavishly...because they treated me like long lost cousin (I think it was respect for habanero salsa skills) and because they consistently deliver one of the best meals I have found at a price that I couldn't beat at Mickey D's!Go, try something different and find out what real Mexican food tastes like...it's astonishing!And give the old college try to the habanero salsa...you will thank me...at least until tomorrow morning...
4	This place seriously has the most authentic tasting tacos outside of Mexico. In case you don't know (which I'm assuming you don't), a real mexican taco comes in a floppy yet thick delicious corn tortilla shell with meat, cilantro, and onions. They do it PERFECT.The bean burritos are great but I wouldn't say they're the best. Their salsa is extraordinary. My Poppy is really picky with his salsa because he was raised by a mexican indian mother who made it fresh homemade every morning and he swears that this is the only place he'll buy salsa from. But still, the stars of this show are definitely the tacos, meat, and rice. Be prepared for service from people who don't speak very much English. They know about enough to take your order politely but don't try to ask too many questions or make conversation. Oh and the menus are totally in Spanish. I promise you the confusion and frustration will be worth it. Learn a couple words. That's the price you pay for authentic Mexican food. Last time I came here the cashier had her baby with her in a stroller. He was screaming and crying the entire time throwing toys and begging for attention from his busy mother. I probably wouldn't ever want to dine in here. I always do take-out.
5	Huauchinango!Huauchinango is a city around 130 miles from Mexico City in the Sierra Norte de Pueblo mountains.  More importantly in my life, Huauchinango is an inexpensive and delicious Mexican restaurant that I can go to with ease.I am told the cuisine at Huauchinango is largely reflective of Mexico City cuisine.On my first visit (only visit so far but I will be back) I had 3 quesidilla's.  And they weren't the things we make at my house.  They were joyful folded and sealed pockets of beef, chicken and shrimp with cheese, mushroom, onions, and other yummy stuff.I was wowed at the outset by the chips and salsa. Both made in house, the chips were not greasy.  It came with three salsa's. One was a kind of a green chili tomatillo with a nice bright and fresh flavor and mild spice.  The next was a red chili salsa that had very little tomato.  It seemed a little watery at first but finished nicely with red chili heat.  The third was orange in hue and very smooth. I was told it was habanero salsa.  It seemed to be made primarily from smoothly blended roasted habanero.  Hot stuff.Thanks to Donald S for the review that put it on my radar and then meeting me and Brian S there for lunch.  Outstanding!
4	Good unadulterated Mexican comfort food.  The people preparing the dishes here make it real and are, thankfully, unaware of the bastardized versions of their dishes masquerading around our Taco Bells.  First time I've had good sopas since living down there.
4	Not so much for the atmosphere, but definitely for the service and food.Our waiter was awesome -- he walked us through the menu, suggesting his favorite meats, and letting us know which dishes were award-winning (hint: the quesadillas!!).I went with the mushroom quesadillas, my dining buddies went with a pork quesadilla and what I believe was the green mole pork.  Everything was fresh, delicious, and piping hot!  Amazing horchata, and "orange water."  And when my dad ran out to get cash -- this joint it CASH ONLY -- they waited to bring out his entree.
5	If you want real mexican food this is the place to go. I couldn't believe how many bad mexican restaurants are out there. Great prices and you can go wrong with everything on the menu. Friendly service, clean. I found my new place for mexican food.
4	Food was authentic, staff was friendly, salsa served at table was amazing. I'd definitely eat here again to try their different offerings.
4	Authentic Mexican food, great price, a bit lacking on decor and atmosphere, but a damn good meal.
4	Amazing quesadillas !!!! I had the steak, mushroom, and cheese as recommended by our server and man was I impressed! They are not the standard kind that I am used to. Fried and covered in lettuce and green sauce. The al pastor burrito was so hot and tasty as well. This is now my new favorite cheap delicious mexican joint! I wish the salsas were better and didnt all light my mouth on fire but hey, the food is awesome anyway and didnt need the salsas.
5	pronounced wou-chee-NAN-go but you will say WOW-chee-NAN go with the two key syllables  being WOW & GO!
5	Best green salsa and chips to start things off. The tortas are what we go there for. The bread is fresh made daily and so tasty. You won't regret it. Make sure you get a lot o that salsa so you can dip your torta in it.
5	For some reason it is difficult to find good Mexican food in the Tempe/Scottsdale area, and even more so if you are looking for one that serves trippas (intestines), lengua (tongue), or cabeza (head meat).  So, I was really happy when I came to Huauchinango!  Their food is very tasty and fresh, and their salsas are addictive.  If you like a lot of heat, I recommend you try the habanero salsa (it's the orangey looking one).  It will not disappoint.  I am starting to crave some yummy trippas tacos as I write this.  My husband loves their quesadillas, which are not like all those other quesadillas that you usually get.  These are made with a thicker, I believe hand made, corn tortillas, stuffed with yummy cheese and served with a green sauce and shredded lettuce. Mmmmm. This is definitely my go to neighborhood stop for Mexican food.
5	Have you ever had a Huachitlacoya? I had not either. Luckily, I long ago adopted the method of ordering Mexican food that went:I don't know what that is. Let me have one of those, please!So happy that I adopted that method!Also so happy that I found Huachinanga, it is by far the best Mexican food that I've experienced in the valley. GO!They are also one of the only places that has Habanero Salsa that is hot, but does not make you want to spit out your food. Go easy on it, it is habanero, but it is so good!
1	I have been eating here for over a year. The last time I ate there I had a small baby roach crawl on my table near the napkin dispenser right after my co-worker and I received our orders. I will not be going back to this roach motel of a restaurant! I then wanted to wash my hands before we left and in the bathroom near the sink I counted 4-5 more baby roaches. this place was reported to the Maricopa County Health Department. roaches in plain view on my table! Super nasty!! I would not eat here unless you like cucarachas.
5	Huauchinango wins on every level possible.hole in the wall = check.family business that prides itself in amazing service and food = check.story-teller staff = check. killer recommendations = check.EVERY plate was licked clean, we had to be rolled out, and still wanted more = check.Omg beef tongue tacos and chicken mole are amazing!!
5	I'm roadtripping through AZ and found this place on Yelp....I'm probably going to swing through there on my way outta town to get a few more tacos for the road.I got chorizo tacos and a chili verde tamale.  The BF got beef tongue tacos and a tamale as well.  It was all tasty.  Even the tongue was tender and mmm mmm juicy.Like other reviews say...they have a lil salsa bar.  The habanero is friggen hot but oh so good.The service is very friendly, the place is clean and FYI it's cash only.P.S. there is a nice park right down the road so you can take a walk after you reach food-coma status (....one too many beef tounge tacos).
1	The waiter did not speak much English, as well as she could not explain the menu in Spanish. When she put our order on the table, a cockroach that was obviously at the bottom of the plate started running on the table towards my friend. I looked around there were bugs and crickets marching around on the floor. We spoke to the cook, who spoke some English and he acted like it was quite normal for the cockroaches to be there. He said that it was Arizona; it was normal for Arizona. I can only imagine what is going on in the kitchen. I could not eat not only at their restaurant, but anywhere for the rest of the day.
4	So family brought home some food from Huauchinango a week ago or so, and let me tell you it was good. We got the pork with mushrooms, a few carne asada tacos, chicken mole (showing my lack of Spanish speaking), as well as something I still have no idea what it was. The pork was good, by itself nothing special but enjoyed the sauce it came with (was a salty sauce) and went well with the mushrooms. The rice that came with it was nothing special but was good to mix in. The mole was the really stand out of the bunch, I don't know a lot about mole, but this one had great spice flavor, and a good smoky flavor to it. It is definitely something I would go back for time and time again, I'll even skip the chicken and just have mole. The tacos were fine, nothing special, but nothing terrible. They are cheap, and that is the best part. The stuff we have no idea about, it was like a orange soup with maccaroni in it, no idea what it was called but I liked it. It isn't going to blow your mind, but the broth had a good flavor (a bit like gravy to me). Not much else I can say about it.
1	I have eaten at a multitude of hole-in-the wall taquerias in CA and AZ.  I prefer them to chains as a rule.  I have NEVER had anyone tell me the tacos i ordered are the same thing as the flautas i was served.  Tacos are open faced.  Flautas are rolled.  I didnt want flautas, i wanted tacos.  Wont be back!!!
4	Did take out with the burrito Al Pastor, chips and salsa.  It was all very good.
4	Just a few block south of my townhouse in Scottsdale so I have been eating here for some time now. This is literally a hole-in-the-wall restaurant in a beaten down strip plaza and practically next to a laundromat. Strangely enough this lends to the authenticity and ambience of this mexican dive restaurant. I had to try the mole dish since I went to university in Puebla which is where the dish originated. It was pretty good. Over the years I have tried different dishes from the menu and although not everything was to my liking, I can't say it wasn't truly representative of typical Chilango meals found all around D.F. (el Distrito Federal, otherwise referred to as Mexico City). As the name suggests afterall, that is their speaciality. [Chilango is a Mexican slang demonym for a person born in the Mexico City suburbs or its surrounding areas who moved there. Sometimes it has a negative connotation when used principally by someone from one of the 31 sovereign States of Mexico.]
5	Nooooooooo!  Curse the the gods of all that is delicious, for Huauchinango is now CLOSED.  Replaced by some generic grill that offered us some nachos and quesadillas, thanks for that.  So not only did you replace a great eatery, but you also had to throw in a little bit of extra salt in the wound.  So, I don't think I'll be giving my business to the devil grill anytime soon.  Huauchinango, you shall now only be a distant whiff of habanero al pastor memory. You shall be missed.
5	Hey guys, so I loved this place when it existed. I went there today and was totally saddened that they closed BUT I asked the owner of the little snack place next to this place and he said they MOVED somewhere to MESA located on BROADWAY or something. We gotta see if this is true! I mean, it might not be open YET but this is the only lead I have! RIP HUACHINANGO (for now hopefully)UPDATE:I scoured the internet and found Huauchinango's facebook. They sent a message to Larry Dudley (of the Suns I think lol) saying "come try our food, 1620 W. University Dr. Mesa, AZ" So there we go guys, that's the last location, let's go eat there and support them!!!!!
5	Like Rasheed said, they moved to 1620 W University DrMesa, AZ 85201 here is the yelp link  http://www.yelp.com/biz/huahchinango-mexican-grill-mesa
