5	I loved the Applewood Bacon Jalapeno Wrapped Prawns.
5	Great food... awesome menu. amazing service..... our server Ken was awesome.  All staff was great. The beef tacos and Hawaiian tacos were amazing. Recommended to anyone wanting a great meal in Vegas. After go up to the 107 Lounge for that great view!
5	Wonderful restaurant with great lunch specials.  I loved the beef tacos - so tasty.  My husband enjoyed his burger and our daughter said the french onion soup was the best.   Try the cheesecake for desert.  Mmmm good.   It seems no matter what you order you can't go wrong.  The service was excellent too.  Also included with our meal was a free trip to the stratosphere viewing deck.   This may be a temporary  deal as our original intention was to eat at the top, but that restaurant is closed for renovations.  Kinda glad it was.
3	Dry steaks, and overcooked. The caesar salad was very good and there was a decent wine selection.
5	This place made me sign onto Yelp and write a review again after a long hiatus. Simply put AMAZING. This place is in the conversation as the BEST place in all of Las Vegas. Yes I am serious. It is in fact the best "hidden gem" in Las Vegas. Apparently it has only been open for 3 months which explains why there are few reviews, but I promise you this place will blow up. Let 's get started.    I litteraly wanted to try every appetizer they had however I asked our waiterss (Nicole) if she had choice of trying every single appetizer OR trying 3 of them and a steak which would she do? She replied " Apps & steak". I took her advice... and was I glad I did!!Appetizer(s)1. Applewood Bacon Jalapeno Prawns, 5 Stars, wonderfull! Flavorfull and delicous a solid choice!2. Lobster Cake, 4 stars. It was good not exceptional, but very good.3. PBJ Baggeutte with Bacon & Blue Cheese. Well words cannot describe this item. It is litteraly one of the best things I have ever eaten. So good in fact I ordered 2 of them, I am not ashamed to admit it! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not be discouraged by this item!! If you like blue cheese you will like this item!! I am a meat and potatoes guy, I really don't do much "exotic" stuff. trust me when I say, This item is legendary! 5 starsEntree(s)1. Fish and chips. 4 stars, very good but I am not a sweet potatoe fry fan, if I were it may get 4.5 stars. The Tartar sauce that came with it is excellent (my mother had this, I only had a couple bites)2. Twin Lobster tails. 5 stars. It's hard to mess up lobster tails. LOL. These were a decent size and cooked perfectly. ( My sweetie had this, again only a few bites)3. Ribeye Steak. 5 Stars. The key to this ladies and gents is to get the blue cheese butter!! AGAIN, GET THE BLUE CHEESE BUTTER! This was quite simply delicious!! Amazing steak! And they cook steak medium plus!! ( that's in between medium and medium well for those that don't know)SidesCorn on the Cob squares? Not sure on the techical name on these, but basically they are corn on the cob, grilled, sliced down the center and put into quarters. The have it with some spicy peppers so these have a kick!! However they were great! 5 starsMashed Potatoe Croquttes. Excellent cooked perfectly! Very tasty! 5 Stars! You only get 3 in an order though.DesertWell... I dare not even write about it, this was a "special item" that is only served on Christamas day! I don't want to get anyones hopes up only to not be able to try it. It was in my top 3 desserts I have ever had in my life! Yes, in my life!!! They will be having it back next year for Christmas, and, I will be there. I was threatened at gunpoint by my mother if I didn't take her back here. And if you were wondering... I ordered two of these as well :) LOL.In a nutshell this place was beyond my hopes and dreams! If your a local this is one of the few reasons to travel to the strip! If your not local you have to go here before going back home! Trust me, you won't regret it!!! The prices for a steakhouse on the strip are VERY reasonable! They could charge double for thier items easily.
5	Short and sweet - my wife and I have visited Las Vegas at least once a year for the past 23 years - sometimes twice or more. But we had never, for some reason, been to the Stratosphere. So A couple of weeks ago during a Christmas visit we walked to the Strat from Caesar's and got hungry. Inside the casino we started looking for food and McCall's drew our attention. It was a late lunch and the food and service were great.She had a lobster cake sandwich and I had a pork loin sandwich and we both had fries and drinks. Both meals were excellent and I find that it is generally a hit-or-miss thing when these cafes make their own "homemade" fries, but the chef here knew how to crisp them up nicely. We shared an appetizer of bacon-wrapped prawns & jalapenos which were way better than any prawn appetizers we have had anywhere else.We hit the "server lotto", too. Our waitress was attentive and efficient and knowledgeable. Try it out - they have a great lunch and dinner menu.
5	This place was a big surprise.  Don't care much for the Stratosphere Hotel, but this spot makes a trip to this Vegas landmark worthwhile. Suggest happy hour drinks & apps at Level 107 at the top of the tower. Then come back down to earth and eat dinner here.  I enjoyed my meal and would come again on my next Las Vegas trip.
2	My visit was on Dec 8, 2012.My Steak was overcooked, tough, and no flavor. I sent it back, and it took forever to be brought back out. (The Restaurant was NOT Busy at the time)My friends had already completed their dinner by the time my steak was returned. The bill did not reflect any discounts for my terrible dinner experience, so I complained to the waiter, and the General Manager. The manager ended up talking to me and apologizing for what happened, stating my dinner was supposed to have been removed from the bill. He ended up giving me his business card and asked me to return on my next visit. As a result of my discussion, I will come back and give them another chance. The others in my party enjoyed their dinners.
5	If you are looking for a nice place to eat, it doesn't get any better than McCall's Heartland Grill!This fabulous restaurant has it all, GREAT FOOD, wonderful presentation, comfortable atmosphere, casual dress and the most wonderful Assistant Manager, Santino.  I have never felt so welcomed in a restaurant.  This kind man greets all guest with a warm and friendly manner.  He makes you feel as though you are royalty.  This is a must try restaurant.
4	Cute location, nice big bar with a good happy hour!Staff is great! Drinks are strong and they support the American Lung Association climb for AirWe enjoyed a couple of the appetizers, the bartender was very friendly!I look forward to enjoying a full meal next time we go for a run!
1	Not good food.  Only thing remotely good was the service from waitress, but the kitchen got the order wrong and it took too long.
5	All the food is great.. We had sliders, calamari, tacos, and some type of bruschetta w/meat.
5	Was here for Valentines day with my girl, we had a excellent dinner, and drinks.  The service was great they even had a rose for my Valentines.  No worries I had already sent a fresh dozen to her work, prior to our trip!
5	Ate here twice and took the porthouse steak twice here. That steak is just great nice size and priced fair. 2nd time i took the sweet fries with it but that was not my thing. Good place to eat.
4	Food was way to expensive for us to order. Sat at the bar and had the happy hour drinks.  That was a great price!  The bartenders were very good, happy , and friendly.  Good place as far as I am concerned to get your drink started!
3	This place has a great atmosphere and friendly service! The flavor combinations are intreresting! Coffee rubbed steak with blue cheese dressing....I would maybe ask for the blue cheese on the side. They also give you one giant onion ring with most entrees, its tasty but really hard to cut into even with there big steak knives! But all in all not bad.
4	Had a food allergy and the staff made great effort to change the menu for us. This is a must dine when at the stratosphere
5	Hands down the best dinner I've ever had in Las Vegas! The Blue corn crusted watermelon lollipop chicken wings were so unique and bursting with flavor!
5	This is as good as it gets.... Service, Price, Atmosphere, and yes most of all, the Food....  We went here for my husbands birthday dinner last weekend.  We had been eating so much in Vegas, that we passed on any starters and ordered our dinners straight away.     They first brought us an assortment of fresh made breads with butter - there were biscuits, rolls, crispy curly things and fried wafers.  Jeff had New York Strip which was served atop two Giant Onion Rings and he also had a baked potatoe with everything.  He really enjoyed it.    I am glad that I chose the House Feature which was Prime Rib and Prawns.  OMG the best meal I've had in so long.  Each bite was better than the last.  I had to really hold back and stop eatting when I got full.  I would recommend this to anyone - it was hands down the best meal we had in Las Vegas this trip.   Our server, Joey, was perfect.  He was attentive and very helpful letting the chef know of my food alergies.  We got a bit dressed up, (but wore flats and no tie) We noticed that many other diners where in nothing more than a t-shirt and shorts.
3	When we were in Vegas last week we both had a craving for a good steak. Because of all the raving reviews we decided to give McCall's a try. While the service was great, the steak wasn't as great as we were hoping for. We both had the rib eye steak and the amount of fat in it was a little too much for our liking. It wasn't a bad steak but by far no top notch steak either. I'd rather go back to Brand at the Monte Carlo next time.
4	Located in the Stratosphere, this restaurant exceeds my expectations by far. Walking into the Stratosphere, I didn't necessarily expect anything amazing since the vibe and the quality of the Stratosphere is, to be blunt, not as upscale as the middle of the strip.When we entered at 6:30PM, we were immediately seated in the bar area (you MUST be 21+ to sit here). Normally, you have to make reservations for the back, non-bar area. Immediately once we were seated, our drink orders were taken. Happy hour ends at 7PM! SERVICE:I'm pretty sure the front area was understaffed. I only saw one cheerful and bubbly waitress the entire hour we were there. Only when I was leaving did I start to see other servers come out to help. We waited 20 mins for our food, but they do serve all your dishes together, and still hot!! What made the service for me was the incredibly friendly waitress. She was quick and prompt, and kept checking up on us. I have no other word to describe her, except bubbly!They did charge us two cups of coffee...I don't know why but they did. But the hostess was easy to work with and took it off our bill immediately, no questions/arguments asked.FOOD:We ordered a few minutes later: raspberry wave (vodka), margarita blended with a salted rim, bloody marry, Calamari, Kansas Chopped Salad with Beef Tenderloin Tips, 1lb Steak, and ribs. They start you off with sweet bread and butter; unexpected but I liked it! It's not crazy sweet, but it's definitely lightly sweetened - heads up!The raspberry wave is a vodka drink that is super sweet. I loved it! There wasn't any alcoholic taste and it had a little carbonation, which was awesome. The margarita, well, was a margarita. The bloody mary is okay, but I personally do not like tomato juice and any the spicy after taste.The calamari is good. Fried small rings of calamari with fried green onion on top to give it that nice crunchy texture. There was chili tartar and cilantro pesto sauce that was delicious!The Kansas Chopped Salad was greens with smoked cheddar, avocado, and your choice of dressing. There are no sour dressings, except balsamic so don't ask for thousand island or anything. The salad was pretty good though! The cheddar was cubed and the smokey taste was a nice change. The put the dressing on the side instead of drenching the salad, props!The 1 lb. steak actually isn't that big. The steak is actually a T-bone, meaning you get both a filet and rib-eye. It's like a two for one! I asked for medium rare and it was cooked nicely. The meat was tender and still very moist. The sauce was dark and salty. I'm not exactly sure what it was but it wasn't overpowering and kept me dipping my steak back in it! There was a small side of caramelized onions; wish there was more. The steak also comes with either a side of baked potatoes or fries. If you want a loaded baked potato it's $3 more. I thought the loaded was worth it though; it comes with generous portions of sour cream, green onion, cheese, bacon bits, and butter. You can also ask for more for no charge. Impressive. Food: 4/5. Service: 4/5.
5	I don't have any complaints with this place: the service was great, ambience - lovely, and the food, the food was wonderful.  I left my two kids with the sitter because I was thinking it to be a more fine dining restaurant; and although it is very nice and romantic, it is still appropriate for children and casual dress so don't worry about being under-dresses unless of course you're wearing a tank and some flip-flops.  Highly recommend!
5	One of the best places weve been yo in awhile. Great romantic setting.  Very reasonable pricing. Great service from the time u walk in until the time u leave. The food was amazing and they give you great portion sizes. Must try the red velvet cheesecake...one of the best desserts.  They boxed our left overs 4 us as well. Would and do recommend to everyone. Would choose over top of the world any day
1	I will say this first. Our waiter Joey was amazing. Best thing about this place. Now the food . . . Oh, the food. Appetizers did the opposite. Crackling calamari was disgusting. The squid was bland and overly oily. The spicy aioli was pretty much just mayo. The lollipop chicken wings were the best thing taste wise, but the chef needs to learn how to properly prepare these. Requires more than just scraping the top part of the flesh from the bone.Given we ordered a salad for dinner here, so I wasn't expecting much. The chopped chicken salad was a joke. The ingredients didn't taste fresh, pretty sure the mushrooms and olives were from a can. The chicken was massacred and thrown at the bottom so you could see the poor knife skills. The Caeser Salad was sheer ridiculousness. Frankly if you can count the individual amount of Parmesan cheese in your salad on one hand, there is an issue. The dressing only tasted of mayo. Wish we did not come here to eat. I would avoid any of these items if you come here. I say again however, service was great.
4	I've eaten at many good restaurants in Vegas. Some were worth it, some weren't.I would classify this as worth it.The place seems warn and cozy. The staff were friendly and warm when serving us. They paid close attention (but not to the point of annoyance) to make sure everything was to our liking and that we were having a good time.The food was also excellent. I had the fried chicken, which was good, but certainly not near the best I've had. Others in my party had various seafood, pasta and steak dishes. All liked what they had. The prices were very reasonable and as an Ace Play member, we got 10% off our total bill.I would definitely come back here again.
4	Came for happy hour (of course) ... they have tacos and rib tapas for $2. They were not bad for the price. For the wine they sell by the glass, you can get the bottle half off, draft and wells $3, champagne $2. The service was great ... come see my girl Michelle!
4	Great food and great drinks. In particular, we loved the happy hour at McCall's. From 3-7pm (or late night happy hour), you can enjoy drafts (including Blue Moon and Angry Orchard) and select well drinks for $3 each. Mimosa's are $2. Tacos are $2 each and ribs are $4 for 2. The tacos were fantastic. We got steak, fish (mahi mahi), and chicken. I loved the steak taco and my husband really enjoyed the mahi mahi. The chicken taco was okay--good--nothing out of the ordinary. Great service, nice atmosphere, and a fun place to grab a quick bite and a drink. Will go to again!
4	Came here after a friends wedding and started out with Jalapeno prawns and they are outstanding.  Not spicy like you might think.  I ordered fried chicken and it was GREAT.  Wife ordered a steak and it was done perfect for a well done steak while still staying moist.  We would go back here in a heartbeat.  Also, the breads that come with the service were outstanding.  Encase you want to know what the thin cheese like crispy thing it, it's called Lavash.  Also, the waiter was knowledgeable and had a good sense or humor.
4	Happy hour is pretty great. 3$ pints. Happy hour food also seems reasonable but I didnt try it. Mabe next time!
5	This is my go to Friday night HH place!  The food is amazing, the staff is awesome and the fun is unending!  Michelle and Zach (bartenders) are on top of it and make some of the best drinks ever!  Christo, the GM, is awesome in that he always stops by to say Hi and make sure everything is OK when we come in.  The food, oh, the food.  My favorite is  actually an appetizer , the steak potato skins, the flavor mix that the chef created is amazing!   The steaks are awesome and you can't get better a better steak for the price anywhere on the Strip. The HH tacos and ribs are to die for and a great deal for HH.  They have a 'patio' area just off the bar that is out in the casino area where you can order full menu and if want to, smoke.  The inside bar and restaurant are smoke free.I highly recommend dinner at McCall's, even if not staying at the Stratosphere.
4	This place was amazing! The staff and atmosphere were great and the food omg the food was so good and well worth the price. We will be back.
5	Thank you for having Gluten Free Items!Went here with my wife and had outstanding service and great food. Our server was excellent and the food quality and portions were great.We both had the St Louis Ribs, which had a great Cilantro aioli. Also had potato croquttes, and Lobster Risotto cakes, which were amazing.We will be back.
3	I wouldn't quite call this a steakhouse. It's upscale, yes, but no dress code. I see other guests coming in with flip flops and a t shirt. It's a chain level steakhouse, maybe. Which is fine because there is a another steakhouse inside of this casino. Portions are small but prices are high. There is a bar attached where you might find some interesting people at various hours. I would like to see a sushi bar inside. And maybe more of a Japanese steakhouse. THAT would be cool. Not much of that around and strange they haven't thought of this because I know there are a large amount of Japanese tour buses that visit.
4	I just found a gem of a restaurant hidden in plain sight, and it is McCall's Heartland Grill.  Comfortable and appealing to look at in a contemporary dining room, and at the lower end of Strip restaurant prices, the food was well executed and delicious.  A complimentary Bread Basket contained a variety of baked goods, including a cute miniature roll, cheesy cracker-style bread, and a spicy breadstick, along with both regular butter and a tin of wonderful sweet butter.  An ordered appetizer of very good hot Bacon-wrapped Prawns furnished something else tasty to eat.A very good small ceramic vat of French Onion Soup Gratinee au Gratin featuring well-caramelized onions and an ample topping of well-melted Gruyere Cheese was next up for me, while Diane loved her cup of Potato Soup, the soup du jour.  A service error resulted in presentation of a rather large Chopped Salad to me and one of my table mates, although we had both requested a Garden Salad, which was $4.00 cheaper and I assume less bountiful.  Plus, I had requested Orange Miso Dressing, and just before arrival of our entrees our server apologetically informed me that he was informed that no such dressing was available this night, and neglected to tell me earlier because of waiting on another table.  So, quite belatedly I selected Bleu Cheese Dressing instead.  But now, as a direct result of the delay in alerting me about the need to select a different salad dressing, a Chopped Salad was laid before me only about 2 minutes ahead of the entree, and I had to eat my salad concurrently with a Loaded Baked Potato and an 8 oz. Charred Filet Mignon.  Moreover, because no one in my party had ever eaten here before, we did not know what the restaurant's version of a Garden Salad looked like.But the more complex Chopped Salad that I was served was impressive, including thin Potato Sticks, wedges of avocado, Black Olive halves, pieces of tomato, mushrooms, mixed greens, and a creamy Bleu Cheese Dressing.  And my Baked Potato with butter, chives, and pieces of actual bacon was well prepared.As for my Charred Filet, I asked that it be only lightly charred and cooked medium rare, and my wishes were fulfilled on both counts.  With a deep-fried mushroom on top and deep-fried Onion Ring on the bottom, the steak was buttery and excellent in all respects, and further enhanced by an off-menu specially requested drinkable Bearnaise Sauce, Mushroom Sauce, and Red Wine Reduction Sauce.When the checks came, they each listed a Chopped Salad rather than the less expensive Garden Salad, but the manager changed the charges to reflect what we had actually ordered instead of what we unwittingly ate, which was a nice but probably appropriate gesture.  Service was otherwise sound and attentive.I will definitely return here--sooner rather than later.  4-1/2 earned stars overall!
5	This place is great. Everything I ordered was perfect.Their mushroom sauce is awesome and the bread is good as well.I highly recommend and will return.Use your players cars to get 10% discount.
5	Third time here    wait staff is superb.  Few are better.  Menu selection isn't very large but wjat they have is really good.  Excellent calamri and surf and turf is superb.
4	Awesome. The service was extremely friendly and efficient. The food was tasty and well priced. I had the lobster tails and they were delicious. I totally recommend this place.
1	food is nothing exceptional but charges premium price.  BBQ ribs too salty and over  cooked.  chicken is dry.  hate to compare this to KFC.
1	The hotel staff was very accommodating/ The Heartland Grill staff (Especially the female manager at night) was very rude and unprofessional.  I choose this place following my wedding reception. The staff sent away 2 of my guest due to "not having the table ready."  Imagine our surprise to see everyone sitting in the bar area at 9:30 for a 845ish reservation.  After we asked what was going on with the seating in the bar. The unprofessional female manager informed our guests (Including a Judge and Medical Doctor) that they did not say that. Think that's all? Not even. Well my mother who set up the invitations was told by text message that 10 meals would be charged. It turns out that the restaurant spokesperson sent the wrong text to my mom. Sooooooo, again we had to eat the bill.  After being seated in the nat filled, hot, unprepared room, we had lack of any service. I had to personally run down waiters 3 times to please turn on the air.  After dining with our okay meals, we were told they were having management send up a refrigerator to store our extra meals. 2 hours later- NO UNIT!  So, at 2am I had to go downstairs to get the hotel manager to send one up. (Not his fault, the restaurant did not even tell him to send one).Next, to add insult to injury, I went to Heartland Grill where again we were met by the same ugly manager.  I politely asked her to warm the food up and reminded her of the situation.  I informed her that I had called room service from the suite and that they did not have "a microwave."  With a smirk she said that they were not to heat food up because of health standards. (I can understand this)  So, I asked for a courtesy dinner or perhaps a remake of the meal.  She said that she was not going to do this.  I asked for her manager.  She informed me that she had "No Manager." Additionally, she turned to her bald headed (orange shirt) coworker and said she was glad she "Fucked my wedding up."Finally, I went to the desk again and met with one of your staff.  He stated that he was going to send up a microwave and apologized for the Heartland Grill Managers behavior.  He also informed me that there was a food and beverage director and that he was going to relay this info to him.Everything was wonderful except for the Heartland Grill.  They really need to be more prepared and professional.  I feel as if they had a little better leadership they could meet more peoples needs.
1	First time in Las Vegas, so we decided to give this place a try since we're staying at Stratosphere. The calamari was sub-par, the bacon wrapped shrimp was only okay. Neither offered any taste. The ribs looked amazing but it was way too sweet to swallow. The seafood fettuccini was the worst! It was so fishy to the point that it was inedible. When we asked the waiter about it, he said that the dish is normally fishy like that, which would've been nice to know before we ordered it. The shrimp scampi was probably the best dish we ordered. However, it looked like a child's meal with 4 shrimp and barely a handful of rice. The salmon fillets still had bones inside, but other than that, taste was okay. Service was great, but that was about the only positive thing I can say about this restaurant. We should've taken the hint when there were only about 5 tables there when we walked in.
1	Food was good, butttt.... I had to beg for a booth with my 3person party, one being a very important person. I've spent tons of money at the casino so my dinner was comped but I didn't think that justified getting cheap service. It wasn't even that busy but for some reason, the busser/food runner was in charge of our table. She must've been training and wanted to make a good impression because she offered her phone number. She was cute but it turned out to be a joke. Like I said, only to impress. I know customer service is important but coercing a guest, with personal information seems wrong. Especially if it was a joke. Maybe just me but communication seems to be a problem. No wonder Mari needed to make a good impression. Strange that I would get notified of a complaint from an employee later on from management. I still left a huge tip even though the food comp comes from losing tons of money there...the only comp stratatoshpere offers for locals, which is really lame for vegas.
2	We kind of stumbled upon this restaurant while at the Stratosphere. It didn't look busy, which worked for us because we didn't have alot of time to spare. We were greeted by the hostess and when we requested a table (for two), she explained there would be a ten minute wait. At first glance inside the restaurant, there were only two tables being served so we found that to be super odd. But we waited and were eventually seated in the near empty restaurant. Several minutes later, our water glasses were filled but no waiter. Our waiter finally made his way over to our table and took our drink order (and our food since we had waited for about 15 minutes). Service was super slow and it took a while to get everything, despite there only being a few tables. The food was ok. Nothing really stood out. My husband ordered a steak but it was overcooked. I had the ceaser salad, which had way too much dressing. Would have ordered dessert and more drinks but service was way too slow.
