4	Huge lot of shoes to pick from and great prices.  I've bought a few pairs of shoes here and will probably buy a few more as long as I live in the area.
3	This is a ginormous shoe store.  But I deducted a star because every time I've gone, I have issues with finding my size.  They are always out certain sizes unless you have a larger foot.  I also deducted a star because I didn't save a much money as I had expected.  I can go to Sports Athority and pretty much get what I want  for the same price, and they have my size.  I am impressed with the selection but it doesn't do you much good if they are always out of your size.
4	Shoes? What?! I think besides eating, purses and shoes are my kryptonite. I like DSW for their clearance section (you can actually find some pretty decent shoes for a fabulous price in the back aisles) and as well as their regular shoe section. They have a good selection of women's shoes and whenever I'm on the hunt for my size, they've almost always had my size. I am a sucker for when the price tag says originally 129.99 and now 89.99. I'm sure it just a sales tactic, but it works on me and I'm sure a lot of other people. Overall, its a good place if you are willing to look through all the shoes that they offer and you will definitely be rewarded with new shoes!
5	why do i even bother coming here?? this place is nothing but trouble for a shoe-aholic like myself. i have a problem. came here on a whim with the intent of getting some black platform pumps. what did i leave with?? black pumps and 3 other pairs of shoes!! the clearance section is where its at! it can be hit or miss depending on when you go, but i hit the jackpot today. way to take all of my money DSW. =P
5	Shoes upon shoes. This store seems much larger or has more shoes than the one on Mark in Henderson. I found basically the same shoes, but with a wider selection in each style. We hit both stores in the Vegas area today because my mother in law is here and she wanted to be sure to get the best selections since they don't have this type of store in Hawaii. I didn't find anything today, I am basically looking for navy however, found a lot of black and brown, and boots! She made some purchases and was pleased with the prices. I used my DSW card so got the bonus points! Even my brother in law bought a pair! There are all kinds of shoes, from the casual tennis shoe, the flat, dress and even the cocktail shoe if your are looking for one. They have brand names at less prices, and if you shop regularly you'll find a real bargain. If you want good shoes, at a decent price this is the best in town.
4	This store is huge and there are soooooooo many shoes to choose from for both men and women (kids I'm not sure of since I don't have children...and never paid attention to this section). I have been to DSW on may occasions when I'm home in California, but I finally made the "trek" (I'm in the extreme SW) up here to Best of the West and DSW, and I'm glad I did. DSW is a shoe fanatics wildest dream! What did I leave with....oh, let me tell you. It's more like what did I NOT leave with. Boots, check. NYE night out sexy strappy heels, check. Adorable ballet type flats, check. Heck, I even threw in athletic shoes from the vast clearance rack. Man I wish they would put a DSW down in the southwest. Oh, wait, maybe not cause then I'd be broke and I would need to expand the shoe section of my closet. Either way, I'll be back!
5	I remember the days when DSW didn't even have a website!  How far they have come!  But I seriously love DSW.  Because of the following:- I have large, narrow feet.  I'm 5'10.5" and have size 11 shoe.  (i saw your jaw drop!)With that being said, they have plenty of shoes in every size from little petite feet to WNBA size feet.  And its not like they are those ugly shoes, that no one likes to buy that are neon green and poop brown.  You know what I am talking about.I could spend at least an hour in DSW walking up and down the isles.  They have shoes (and sandals!) for EVERY occasion. (men & women!)They also have hats, purses, socks, tights, etc.The prices are great and they have designer shoes (Jimmy Choo, Stuart Weitzman, etc.) and also your everyday brands.I always leave with at least one pair of shoes.Note: I like this location better than the Henderson location.  I feel I can always find a shoe at this location.  I have went to the Henderson location twice and have left empty handed.  In fact, I left the Henderson location and drove to this location and found a pair of shoes. (in the same day!)Don't be intimidated by the size of the store.  Enjoy all the beautiful scenery of shoes!!
5	LOVE THIS STORE. I have my membership card and receive those coupons. I always plan on one pair of shoes but walk out with 3 or 4 pairs. What can a girl say - LOVE THE SHOES
5	To all my shoe lovers out there, this is the place to be!! I try to come here at least once a month =X. I know, it may sound like an addiction, but I say it is a beautiful investment (if you do find a pair of shoes that you love, love, love).DSW is where it is at!! When you walk in the store for the first time in your life, you may feel a tad bit overwhelmed, but this type of feeling is just so great! Every time I step foot into a shoe store, excitement fills me! Haha. If you are in dire need of a new pair of shoes to add to your collection, need a new pair for a certain event, or if you just feel the need of shoe therapy, this is it! Sad to say that every single time I come here, I find at least one pair! Not only are all the shoes decently priced, the clearance section is off-the-hizzookkk!!Hmmm... The tip I would have to leave you all with is... Make sure you have time to try shoes on, have fun, and bring your mama! =)
4	DSW is one of my favorite places to buy shoes. They have a wide variety at discounted prices.
4	HOLY SHOES!So after coming up dry at like 4 other stores I suggested we come here. Boy I've been to others in Texas and California and this one is up to par with them! I walked in and almost creamed my shorts! Then I seen the clearance sections and I swear I seen an angel fly by!I wear a size 9 and I normally buy flats or wedges; here I got to experiment with heels and platforms and all that crap! Boy I was a kid in the candy store!! They have soooo many shoes! Every type as well! Boots, wedges, flats, sandals, stilettos, and everything under the sun! The prices range between 19.99$-149.99$ and the clearance section is super awesome!! They had a HUGE selection for size 9, I was astonished! The store was VERY CLEAN and organized  very very well. The bathroom was kinda shitty because they only had toilet paper in 1 stall. BOO!! LOL. I will def come back time and time again! Escpecially if I just wanna play around and waste 2 hrs looking at shoes!
4	Rows and rows of shoes, ladies, men's, even kids.  The prices are not bad, and they have a large selection of sizes, so I usually find something.  If you come regularly and check the clearance, you can find great price discounts and bargains.  I also signed up for the rewards program and get coupons in the mail for even more savings.  Great place to shop for shoes.  Love it
5	Good selection of shoes and prices are good. Will make this a regular stop on my shoe shopping store list.
4	So many shoes. I know, with that many shoes you'd think I'd always find what I'm looking for but not always so. I swear, when I was looking for boots, not much there. Now that I need flats for work and it's coming to warmer weather, its nothing but boots that I now don't need. It's a discount store so it's changing constantly which can be good/bad depending if you're very specific about what you are looking for.A plus is that it seems they have a good stock of every size. I saw size 5s all the way to size 11 ladies shoes. Many half sizes too and a few things come in wide or narrow.  If you have a odd size, I would highly suggest this place. Overall, not bad place to add to shoe shopping stops.
5	Best place for shoes :)
4	FAVORITE PLACE !  Best Shoes, best selection, huge for that matter.  The sale rack, some hidden treasures can be found but they overload it with less quality shoes mostly, prices are very very fair.  could have more cashiers on a saturday!!!!
4	DSW has shoes.  Lots of shoes.  Sandals, boots, sneakers, Lady Gaga-esque monstrosities, and in a wide variety of prices.  Well-organized, too, with lots of available sizes for each style.Ya need shoes?  You'll find 'em here.Unfortunately for me, they don't sell feet.  I NEED FEET!! Then I can buy shoes here, just like every other red-blooded, wallet-clutching American woman.  And then I'll give them five stars.
5	Although I've spent most of my 40-plus years wearing t-shirts, jeans and Converse - shopping at this store has been bringing out the shoe fanatic in me.  This store is huge and the selection vast.  Sandals, boots and stilettos, oh my!  My favorite area has to be the clearance section in the back. I always find something that I love. Last time I was there my husband picked out two FABULOUS pairs of pointy-toed kitten heels for me - one in black suede, the other in oxblood patent leather. Gorgeous with a vintage-cool edge. I call them "my kick-ass shoes for kicking serious ass" - they make a strong, sexy statement, that's for sure....and ON SALE!
4	I love this location! It is extremely easy to get to and I often find myself here to check out their new styles. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is helpful.
5	Shoes . . shoes and more . . . shoes!  Handbags too . . many of which are designer.Its so hard to go in here without buying anything.  Head right to the back of the store where you will find deeply discounted shoes.  This is my #1 place to shop for shoes in Vegas.
3	Im not a real big shopper at DSW but I did find some super awesome boots I saw on pinterest for $100. They also give out military discounts. They have a great selection to choose from!
4	How can you not love a giant shoe store!?What ever type of shoe you may need, you can probably find them here. The prices are pretty good and if you sign up for their rewards card, they'll send you coupons throughout the year.There are always plenty of employees on the floor if you need help with something. Lots of mirrors to check out the shoes you're contemplating.
4	Brought my colleague to DSW for his first experience. I asked for assistance and Matt came over and helped explain the difference between lightweight and full-on running shoes. He also helped us with the different sandals and my colleague bought a 2nd pair, even though we had just come in for tennis shoes. We couldn't have found a good pair of shoes just by looking and trying on, so the extra service was invaluable and my colleague was very impressed and is enjoying his new shoes. A brand he would not normally have considered. I give this review 4 stars, as we had to go through 3 different types of shoes before we finally found one with his size in stock. He is of very average height/weight, so we would have expected more shoes to be in stock.
3	DSW has decent prices on some of last-year's styles and some brands' outlet goods. The quality is not always there, so beware! (Stay away from Steve Madden all together.) The layout is great and the customer service is usually good. Be sure to sign up with their club - you will be rewarded with discounts.
5	Went into to exchange shoes as the ones I bought hurt my feet. Terri and Kim were extremely helpful in assisting me. Customer Service Top Notch. Thank you
4	Dear married men.This is the place where they sell Get Out of Jail gifts. This place yes sells mens shoes, from running shoes, work shoes, dress shoes and are all pretty in expensive and have most sizes.I can't tell you how many times I have either had to many beers at a work function, forgot  important dates or even meant one thing but blurted out something completely different.(I'm a catch that's for sure)This place has every style of woman's shoe that you did or didn't know even knew they made.... Staff is pretty good and the place is clean.In summaryWoman: This place is a wonderland for you, throw a few hours aside and please don't get to overwhelmed!!!Men: You can buy shoes here
5	Huge store and tins if parking. Was very neat and the girls are smiley and friendly. Not over crowded with customers or noisy. I like my shoe therapy to be peaceful.
4	I actually have to force myself to stay away from DSW, or else I'd spend way too much money here! However, the times when I allow myself to visit, it is a shoe lover's extravaganza! They have amazing selection of all types of shoes and things are always kept well organized and clean, which is very important to me. I absolutely hate searching through clutter, and DSW is never cluttered!  It is rarely crowded or loud. Their prices are very reasonable, and not only do they have a lot of sales on regularly priced items, but an extensive clearance section.There aren't a ton of employees around to help if you need assistance, but DSW is pretty much a serve yourself type of store. The cashiers are always pleasant and friendly. DSW also has a great rewards program with coupons all the time.
4	The clearance deals here are pretty good, not as cheap as a place like Payless, but you've actually heard of many of these brands. I got a pair of dress shoes for about 65 dollars, and so far I love them. The store itself is really big and nice, and the selection is gigantic. What made this place different for me is the manager that I had when checking out. I assumed she was a manager because she handled everything so well, added me to the deals mailing list (which I had heard was worth it), and she even threw in another 10 percent discount because my birthday had just passed!She made the experience really great, and made me want to be a loyal customer. At a cheap cheap store like Payless, your lucky if a sales person even sees you walk in. For much better ambiance, decent prices with clearance, much better quality, and apparently great staff... I don't think I'll be heading to the mega discount shops anymore when I need to get some new dress shoes!
5	Always exceptionally helpful even if its finding me another size at a different store or online. Last time I was in they checked my account to see if I had any coupons and let me use the expired one that was still there!!! Thx DSW!!!
1	I'll be honest---I'm not really a shoe shopper like most women. I have sandals, a couple of "Laura Croft-like" boots, and maybe 2-3 pairs of heels. I'm either in ballet flats or sporty athletic gym shoes like Merrills or New Balance. I had a upcoming hiking trip set for Sunday and a week before returned a size 7.5 JEEP brand hiking shoe. There was no size 8's except ONE left at this particular store. Instead of driving to Best of the West, I had the shoe ordered. Well, I'm used to Amazon's speedy deliveries and realized my shoes were not going to be delivered in time for the hike. I called this store FRIDAY and they said that they would hold the size 8 pair for me to pick up SATURDAY. When I arrived they could NOT find the shoes. While I waited I decided to use the restroom and OHH SNAP! One of the employees was in there going #2, then runs out immediately without washing her hands! Disgusting. How do I know it was an employee? Because I don't forget what shoes look like. Haha.....So after waiting around for nearly 20 minutes they could NOT find those shoes ANYWHERE. The employee told me the shoes were just misplaced. I explained that I drove all the way from the other side of town for these shoes. She continued to apologize and I left the store. Wait----I want to know where those shoes went. I came back in and asked the manager if he could at least tell me if they were sold. For some reason I felt better with an explanation--good or bad. I sat in their waiting area for nearly 30 minutes before he finally came back and told me that whoever held the shoes for me put them BACK on the floor at noon that day and they were sold. I think his name was Christopher and he was very nice. He gave me a card with $20 off my next pair of shoes. I was a little bummed, but I couldn't believe she had done that after I spoke to her on the phone and told her I don't get off work until Saturday evening. DSW is not really a store I shop at, but I do like the shoes so I'm not giving DSW 1 star, I'm giving this location 1 star. I had specific plans after picking up the shoes and they were delayed and eventually cancelled because I spent so much time in that store looking for my missing pre-hold order.
2	If you are ONLY familiar w/ paying full price for shoes then you will be pleasantly surprised when you see the pricing here. But if you are a hardcore bargain shopper you will be completely let down by their prices.  I'll give it to them, they do have a large selection and variety of sneakers, boot and shoes but when you see the pricing you will be brought back down to earth. Their prices for shoes appear to be average imo to any other store. I mean, they may take $5 or $10 off but whoop dee do! If I see Nikes for $65 I don't really find that to be a deal unless they are Jordan's or Air Max's.The only area you have a fighting chance at finding a deal is in their clearance. If you're a male then don't bother b/c their clearance for mens was extremely small. I mean like my shoe size (9.5) they had maybe 20 pairs. 95% of them were not my style (mainly ugly loafers) and the sneakers they did offer were not only ugly but not even close to a bargain. Now the women's clearance was a whole other story. This was massive and spanned the entire back of the store. My wife was able to find a pair of really nice sandals which were reduced then 70% off totaling $9. Now that was a TOTAL SCORE! So if you're a women I suggest hitting the clearance and if you're a male I suggest looking elsewhere.
4	Im a sucker for shoes so dsw is really a great place to find great deals.
5	I love this store. I always find clearance shoes and bags. I love the discounts and points that turns into saving $$$. Always helpful and friendly staff
4	They had a big selection of what I was looking for.  Men's shows in the size I needed.  They have large and wide shows, but only on some brands.  They have long rows of shows.  The service is Ocheckout was a breeze.  There were discounts and sales.  The clearance section was nothing to rave about, but at least it exists.   Price are good.
3	Prices aren't that low, you can do better online or at other stores. Decent selection and helpful salespeople. No kids shoes at all.
