5	This is not a big chain automotive place - this is a smaller family owned business (the impression I got), the prices quoted are a few hundred dollars less than those of bigger chain mechanics.Mike was friendly, service was fair, problems fixed.  What more could you ask for?
5	Wow!!!  An honest mechanic!!!  Found Michael on Yelp and I am so pleased!  I just moved here from Texas and had no idea where to go when my turn signal stopped working.  I pulled in and he came right out to help.  Looked at my truck and within 10 minutes was ready to get the part and fix things right up.  When he discovered the part wouldn't work, he managed to repair the old part!!  So glad I used Yelp, I will never take my truck anywhere else.  Friendly, well-priced and prompt!  I only waited 20 minutes, at an auto shop!!!  Awesome!!!
5	I've taken my car here multiple times. Always a dead-honest assessment, great work, and Mike (the owner) will never try to sell you shit you don't need. Seriously, bring your car here. Mike is now my 'car guy'
5	Mike's a good dude. I had about $1200 in odds and ends done on a vehicle I had just purchased. He didn't recommend anything I didn't need and made sure I understood the reason for the work being performed. Prices were fair and he got the job done on time.
5	Mike is one of the most honest mechanics I have met. I took my vehicle in to find out why it wouldn't start. He didn't repair anything, he found the problem and told me what to replace myself. Just had to pay the diagnosis fee. He will be getting more of my business in the future.
5	So I know nothing about cars. Came here bc of reviews. Very reasonable, mike was pleasant honest gave me plenty information in lay person terms. Best of all mechanic fixed my window like brand new. Offered to make appt on Saturday if my schedule didn't permit m-f. Will come back for all my auto needs.
1	I'll Pass.....not a reliable place. Mike should say to my face if he doesn't want to service my vehicles.
5	Fantastic service did exactly as they said they would, and even gave a follow up call.  Mike is a great guy great to work with and most importantly the car is as good as new.
5	I conducted a lot of research and read a lot of customer reviews prior to calling this place. I was not disappointed. Most economical choice for my brakes, Mike was accommodating, honest, and my vehicle is in good working order for almost half the price of what the dealership wanted to charge. I will keep going back for my auto needs.
5	After researching all the auto repair shops within my acceptable range,  I saw good reviews for Surprise Car Care so gave them a try.  Our van needed some urgent work due to a split hose.  The Owner gave me a good idea over the phone on what the issue could be and a rough estimate.  I also asked him to check the front suspension for any maintenance work due to the age and miles on the car.  He was able to work us in the same morning.  The work was done within a few hrs.  He explained what was found and that the cost would be a bit lower than estimated. They checked out the front end and found no issues.  I was impressed at the customer service, the work done and their integrity (since they could have easily made up some issue needing repaired on the front suspension, but did not).  I purposely wait to write my reviews to ensure the repairs stay fixed.  No more leaks, no noise from the pump,  the car is running great.   I have found my new mechanic!I'll be back.  You should give them a try.David
5	Having a car care specialist you can trust is just as important as having a lawyer or a plumber in your family.  I was experiencing a loud intermittent clicking noise in my dashboard related to the blend doors in my A/C. I did my research on local repair shops online and decided to visit Mike at Surprise Car Care based on their positive reviews.  The reviews on line don't do his operation justice.  Mike Holsinger, the owner, listens to your issues without judgement and offers excellent expert advice.  He knew what my issue was almost immediately.  We scheduled an appointment based on his initial estimate for the following week.  When I showed up they were ready for me, attentive and actually concerned about fixing my problem.  They completed the repair just as promised (they even applied a discount to the total bill) and at a surprisingly affordable price.  There is no doubt that I will be returning to Mike's shop for my future car repairs.  These guys understand the importance of top shelf customer service and are experts in their field.
