1	Had high hopes for this place, but wow... the reviews from the newspapers must be several years old; our service was terrible, the food was barely mediocre, and the prices were outrageous.Yes, it's located on the Yahara.  But that's about all this place has going for it... $8 for an appetizer of potato chips?  $8 for cheese curds??  And what may have very well been the slowest, most unhelpful service ever?Me thinks not.  Not sure what could be done to redeem this place.  We were ready to spend all night and countless dollars here, but the poor service drove us away after just an hour.  Ugh.  We even asked the waitress point blank if there was anything we could do to improve the service and we got a roll of the eyes (along with more bad service).  One of the people at our tables offered to give her an additional tip upfront - it didn't even phase her.   Case in point: we waited 30+ minutes for 2 taps and a margarita.  We could see the taps sitting at the bar for at least 20 minutes, but couldn't flag a waitress no matter how hard we tried.  Bourbon Street Grille = FAILService = 0 starsFood = 2 stars (decent for bar food...)Value = 1 star Misc = 3 stars (nice atmosphere, and it's on the river)Final thoughts: Menu is hardly cajun - yes, they have a gumbo and a jambalaya, and they "blacken" some dishes, but that's about the extent of their creole/cajun menu.  If you want some wraps, some deep fried foods, and a mediocre experience, there are a lot of other places to visit.
2	We went to Bourbon Street Grille for the first time last night because I'd gotten a $25 restaurant.com coupon for $3 a while back.  The interior is actually quite nice, a least away from the bar- sort of a quasi-New Orleans theme.  We were promptly seated outside (friendly, efficient hostess), and waited for our server.  Although there was nothing technically wrong with the service, it was definitely of the bare minimum variety- yes, no, ok was all we could get out of her.  There were four of us- two ordered chicken caesars, which were good but were warm by the time we got them.  The chicken was still hot and the greens had started to wilt- bummer.  One ordered a french dip, good, but a little chewy; the fourth ordered jambalaya, which was a travesty at $12.00.  Cold, soupy and flavorless although the corn muffin was ok.With 4 meals and 4 sodas, our bill was $31.00 after the $25.00 coupon.  I'd say it was a bad value.  However, I'd come back just for drinks and to sit outside and watch the boats go by, maybe get an order of fries.  Verdict- Bar=yes.  Restaurant=fail.
3	I've had great meals here before. Usually the prime rib is superb, but tonight's iteration was rather so-so. I guess it's an up and down place without consistency.
4	Went here for the first time tonight and loved it.  We sat out on the patio and it was wonderful.  We both had the fish fry and it was FABULOUS.  Our waitress was great, I think her name was Sarah!  Great prices!
2	The bartender I had mixed very weak drinks, for prices that are a bit higher than average here in town.  It's not a very comfortable bar to hang out in either.  It is very clean and has good parking though.  The food is acceptable, but they charge extra for soda refills, condiments etc - basically they up charge everything on you the whole time.  I suggest going somewhere with better food, drinks, and prices.
1	Just got home from Bourbon St. Grille.  It was horrible.  I ordered the "Cajun Trio".  My husband ordered the pecan catfish.  The "Cajun Trio" was disgusting.  Absolutely disgusting.  Chunks of rubbery chicken skin disgusting.  To call that Cajun is a travesty.  My husbands pecan crusted fish was mushy, and just gross.  His "red beans & rice" side dish was literally canned re-fried beans mixed with rice.  I don't think anyone who works in that kitchen has ever had real Cajun food.  Oh, and let's not forget my "Cajun Trio" was served in a plastic Dollar Store dish.  Seriously. Presentation was a joke.  Completely disappointing.  What a waste of a beautiful space.  Do not waste your money or time.
2	Why - WHY does it always smell like poop in here? Every time you walk in the front door, BAM in your nostrils. They need to hire a plumber to snake the stinkhole. Poured drinks are metered through a system ensuring consistently mediocre beverages, so be prepared to drink beer. Nice ambiance outside of the poop smell, but cut the live music during the dinner hour please.
1	This place is awful. Now I know why every time we go by on the boat no one is out there - stay away! Horrible food, horrible service. Ordered a drink and the waitress forgot to bring it out until halfway through or meal, my cajun chicken panini had no cheese on it was over cooked and overkilled with cajun seasoning. Disgusting. My husbands pork was overcooked. Not to mention we waited 30 minutes for our food to come out and there were only 6 tables filled in the whole place. Never ever ever going back.
3	The first time I visited Bourbon Street was fall of 2010 and the service was horrible.  My friends and I were sitting on the upstairs outdoor level and more often than not had to go to the bar to get drinks in spite of having a server.  I visited this past weekend and things were smoother.  It seems they are making an effort to improve on their service.  A manager came around asking people if they'd been helped.  Still, it took ten minutes to get someone to acknowledge my party, so, not great.  There was a feedback form given to us to fill out after eating, too.The food was pretty good.  A member of my party was extremely pleased with his ahi tuna sandwich and the gumbo.  I enjoyed a "new awlins' wrap, although I refused to say 'awlins' when I ordered.  The sweet potato fries were just the frozen variety warmed up, so that was a tad disappointing, but I enjoyed them.The view overlooking the water is great, especially with nice warm weather.  Bourbon has room for improvement, but if you want to take a gamble with service or its not that important, give it a shot.
5	Not sure why this place has gotten such bad reviews. If their Groupon ploy was to build business, they managed to get a new customer. I live downtown Madison, and can say we don't have any restaurants/bars quite like this. The location is spectacular, the building is light, and the outdoor space is great.We went for a spaghetti board -- I'm not a spaghetti connoisseur, but I would say that it was quite good! The noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce tasted good (didn't seem jarred, but I can't be sure), and the meatballs were seasoned and done well. The Italian bread tasted like it had real butter! No complaints about our food.We ordered drinks at the bar as we waited for our table (they had the chef set it up so that we didn't get us messy; considerate, in my opinion, plus the food was fresh) -- great prices on Turbo Dog! I think it may have been happy hour, but still. Also, service all around was good.Even if the food/service would have been terrible, I would have come back for the location. Fun experience -- will definitely be back through the summer, especially if there's another pasta board.
5	We had the french dip, pecan encrusted catfish, and sweet potato fries, all of which were great.  We sat in the separate, closed off, dining room which was perfect ... we could still hear the live music, but also have a nice conversation.  Chaz (our server) did a great job and was very courteous.
3	A-OK it is. Good service. Nice view on the outdoor deck. Good food. Decent prices.The best thing they have going for them is the outdoor seating. Very enjoyable. The food is average although they have an above average menu with some interesting items. I had a shrimp wrap that was very good and appreciated that for a bar they had some healthier options. Four stars for this.I really need to go here a few more times to get a feel for the service and management. But for now it is A-OK.
3	Great location, the service was quick and friendly, the food was fine.  Nothing special, but a beautiful view!
2	I enjoy how the Bourbon Street Grille is on the water, and I have eaten here, now fairly unfortunately, with my family on several occasions for this reason.  However, the experience was consistently underwhelming each time.  The service is slow as molasses after 6pm, jumbling orders, forgetting drinks, etc.  When you finally get the food, sometimes it is cold, sometimes it is missing items, and generally is not presented professionally, or deserving of the price.  When you eat it, most of the dishes are too spicy, and not in a full-bodied, cajun way, but in a vinegary, salty way. The etouffe was thin and had little flavor.  The jambalaya was spicy and had no depth to it, rather it had more of a chili in a can flavor.  The soups were overdone and a bit burnt, I believe.  The sandwiches came out on dry bread with limp mushrooms, onions, and fries.  The location is nice, and the experience is manageable, but it misses the mark in service and food.
1	After getting stranded in a storm while biking, a friend and I ended up here as refuge until the storm passed. We were pretty disappointed on all fronts.The worst aspect was the service: the dining room was about 3/4 full, but our waitress was difficult to find when we were ready to order and when we wanted the check.The atmosphere was also pretty terrible. In addition to the tacky decorations and awkward floor layout (some tables in the bar area, some in the recreation area, nothing really aligned), the other patrons that were there were loud and rude. I guess this is Madison's version of a dive bar?The food had no redeeming quality. My friend got the $9 Caesar salad, which consisted of a minimal amount of romaine lettuce and Caesar dressing. Not even croutons?! For $9, I expect at least some veggies or toppings on the salad. Note that for $3 more, you can get chicken on top, but I wouldn't hold my breath.I got sweet potato fries which were ok, but were clearly frozen.Avoid at all costs unless this place cleans up their act.
4	Had the Hard Shell Taco salad with Chicken, it was very fresh and tasty. Definately would order again !
1	Truly awful.  Our waitress was friendly- the rest- yuck.  Frozen (like what you buy at the store I am sure) Sweet potato fries and veggie burger.  The Philly roll made one person at our table ill.  The "Chef" and I do say that lightly, came out and ACTUALLY SAID TO US......  Are you sure it's not you?  Because I make the food fresh each day.  Yikes- horrible customer service- Never go back.....
1	Dirty, dirty place. We thought it was drops of blood on the rug on our way in - turns out it was blobs of spaghetti sauce. Was still there about 45 minutes later when we were on our way out. Bathrooms are disgusting.
4	We had our Christmas party here. I'm giving four stars rather than five because when 200 people drop in, there never seems to be enough bartenders for us. I'm impressed with the improvements they made with the place in the last few years. It suited us as a group with the layout. There were quieter rooms for people who wanted to visit, a game room for people who wanted to play pool and the main bar for the rest of the party dwellers. The house DJ was good and kept the party rolling albeit a tad loud for conversation in that small area. There was a smoking balcony so the smokers didn't have to trudge out to the back 40 and could stay close to the main group. The food they served was good. We had a tight budget but, they didn't fail to deliver for us. From the previous reviews I was skeptical but, I was pleasantly surprised at the outcome but, more barkeeps for big parties next time and you shall get your final star.
1	If you do have to eat here.... Stick to something basic. They can't even cook a hamburger properly. I have had more of the speciality items and I've learned my lesson.  Recently went back after I vowed never to go back to this place but I got suckered in by a living social deal. Nothing's changed.  Still garbage.  Too bad - it's a nice place, great river front access in the summer.  In the right hands it could work.
1	I saw the other reviews and thought, hmm can't be too bad three stars... How wrong I was. Food is disgusting and they served me expired beer. This could be an amazing place, view is great, great live music, but the service, hygiene and quality of food was beyond disgusting. I am surprised the department of health does not shit them down there was so much bird shit on the seats it didn't seem safe to eat there... And one look into the kitchen/bar is enough to turn anyone off from going to a reassurance again. Do not come here to eat or drink. The river view and music are the only good things.
2	Boating today in Madison and stopped here for lunch.  Nice and sunny on the deck. The food sounded great.  I got the shrimp po boy, two others in our party got the tuna steak sandwich and another got the chicken panini.  All of us took our first few bites and each said, "It's okay."  The chicken in the panini was a bit too tough, the tuna steak was overcooked and the po boy was five pieces of shrimp, lettuce and tomato in a big, fat white bread bun.  My sweet potato fries had too much batter on them to make them crispy.  Frozen from a bag?  Seemed to be.  What ever happened to actual fries?  Now they add all of this junk on the outside to make them better?  Not in my opinion.  Next time we're boating the lakes in Mad-town, we will skip Bourbon Street Grille and head to the Green Lantern.
1	If this place wasn't on the  lake/channel it would be out of business.   Crap food, blah service.  Avoid.  Nice outside deck.  That is why it gets a star.
