5	i have run this race twice, and I'll be back again.  packet pick up is easy enough.  it's located in the university of illinois' rec center, and within a half mile of the start line of the race.  it's easy to see, from there, where you can park for race day and where you'll be starting and finishing.  the expo is of a moderate size.  i don't generally care about any of that stuff... at all.... so i'm a bad person to critique that part.the start is a corral start, and they are pretty serious about it.  i actually saw some guy get tossed from the wrong corral this year.  he was attempting to start in a corral that was one ahead of where he was designated to start.  you'd think it was the olympics or something.  it doesn't *really* matter where anyone starts since it's a chipped race, and no one's time begins until they cross the start line.... but whatever.  the race coordinators are serious about.... so start where you're supposed to.  half marathoners and marathoners begin together in a wave start.  10K begins separately from these events, and the 5K is actually held the night before these events.  marathoners and half marathoners can participate in the 5K for an additional challenge and medal.  the course itself is  not the most scenic, and living in this town, i've run this route about a billion times in training for other marathons. i could probably hit each tangent in my sleep. however, there is really something awesome about race day in this town. the support for this race is unbelievable and rivals races I've run in larger cities. there is really no part of this race I've run where you feel like you are alone, and that is beyond cool.  i can't run more than 10 feet in this race without someone yelling something completely supportive or funny, just to make you laugh.  i'm used to running alone, but on this particular day, i love the company of an ENTIRE TOWN!  you do run through mostly residential areas, and there is a slight, and i do mean slight elevation change between 23-25 miles. i admit, it's a crappy place for any elevation change, but honestly, if you run any marathons anywhere else in the country... it's not even a hill. this is about the flattest course i've ever run.  my only other criticism of the race is the bit through meadow brook park.  it is run on a paved bike path, and it is narrow.  if you are running with a pace group or come to a "pack" of runners, it is impossible to pass until you are out of the park.  the race is incredibly well supported.  the aid stations are great, and there were more carb stations than i remember ever seeing in any race before.  i think i counted four.  they gave out gu gels, even in the half marathon, which was pretty cool.  they also had quite a variety of flavors, which was crazy awesome.  volunteers handed marathoners candy and water and high fives and gu and fruit and were just generally more awesome than i have encountered in any marathon i've run.  the last mile of this race is almost completely downhill and you finish on the 50 yard line of memorial stadium, which is pretty awesome. your family and friends can't wait for you there, but they are up in the stands, which are alphabetized (by runner's last name, i assume), so it's easy to find them. you can buy a shower pass to clean up in the locker room there at the rec center for $5, and that is super handy if you are from out of town or if you aren't, and just want to relax those muscles in a warm shower and then eat without having to go home first.   i generally do, even though my house is about a twenty minute drive from the stadium.  it's just nice to relax, warm up, and get clean... then stuff my face.  :)this race is fast if you are looking to qualify for boston or just in general for a personal record.  the elevation fluctuations are small in comparison to some, and if you have run in other states or marathons, this elevation change doesn't even bare mentioning.  this is a very flat course, and not only that, it's incredibly well run and super fun to run in.   well done, chambana!
4	Just ran the half marathon this past weekend.  Some comments:* I didn't do the packet pickup, but heard it was super easy to pick up.  Very well organized and easy in and out.  (This is unlike the Hot Chocolate race I did in Chicago last year, which was a nightmare of all nightmares) * Parking on race day was super easy.  We parked maybe a quarter to half mile from the starting line.  There were enough porta-potties to take care of runners and spectators.  * I didn't like running through the park -- Not sure what the park was called, but the running path was rather narrow and I couldn't stretch my arms without hitting somebody.  I would recommend a path that would take up more streets, but I also realize this impacts the local community at the same time.* I didn't care too much about all the twists and turns near the end of the race.  There was at least one 180 degree turn and maybe another 90 degree turn.  A straight shot would be nice. * Excellent use of the football stadium.  If you're a big Illini fan, this is a huge rush to finish on the football field.  I'm not sure if I'll run this course again as there are plenty of other options in Northern Illinois, but it's not a bad race in late April.
4	This is for the youth run only.  There were tons of kids in the youth run and it seemed to take a really long time to get things going between ages.  The security for this race is top notch!.  The kids get a bib with a number and the parents get a bib with the same number and "parent" on it as well.  They will not release your child unless you are there and the numbers match.  This was greatly enforced and being a first time parent at this I really appreciated everything and everyone involved with this event.  They made sure the kids were safe at all times.Picking up the packet was really easy.  Parking was great.   The kids had a great time and what a rush it was for them to run into the stadium.  My daughter enjoyed it so much that she wants to do the 5k next year.I paid $12 for my daughter to enter.  She got a t-shirt, a string back pack and some coupons and they served mac and cheese, cookies, fruit gushers and water at the end of the race.  It was so worth the money.  It was really a great experience.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because of the wait between ages.  We got rained on too but that is not their fault.  And looking back on it the reason they took so long in between races was because they were making sure all the kids were accounted for.  Really a good time and experience.
5	because i was recovering from major illness this year... i only ran the half this year, but it's still the most kick ass race in the midwest.  i sincerely will take the illinois marathon over any number of LARGE city marathons any day.  it's well organized, and no one loves their runners like champaign-urbana.  seriously.  it's eff'n amazing.  this is the true story (TRUE STORY!) of a girl who woke up with a sinus infection, sore throat and fever on the thursday before this half marathon and decided to run it anyway.... and despite feeling like a cooling pile of poo.... i went out there and ran a happy race, because of the spectators.  the tragedy in boston was pretty fresh in my mind, and i was running with more heart than usual, the signs urging runners to "run angry" or to "run because others can't" or " "run for martin"-- honestly, i got tears in my eyes more than a couple of times.  as someone who is in the life long pursuit to qualify for one of the most iconic races in the country, maybe even the world -- boston is really like the "every man's olympics" when it comes to running.  it makes average people heroes, and even more so now.  illinois got it right this year -- honoring that, and honoring those who fell there.  this race is top notch and every thing that has made it awesome in the years past continues to make it great.  i will be back to hack through 26.2 here next here.  it's seriously one of my all time favorite races.
4	I ran this race a couple of years ago with my wife. It was the very first 5K I had ever done. I can't believe how enjoyable this was compared to the one I've done years! People are super nice and come sidelines sign saying things like "go strangers!" When I did it, they had the 5K on a Saturday night at 4 PM. It was a great time to run, but I still prefer running races in the morning. The route was very enjoyable and easy to run and the water stations were nicely spread out. I would definitely run this race again.I also know that the water stations for the actual marathon are well-stocked and full of volunteers from the community that shout lots of encouragement. There's a plethora of hotels for people to stay at and parking isn't a huge issue. Champaign/Urbana also has a great bus system, so you can always utilize that if you decide not to drive to the start lines. If you haven't done a race before, this is a perfect one to start with!
