5	Grabbed a sub today. Good quality meat. Had the Italian special, on white. Very good, tasty. The woman that owns the place is really nice and makes everything fresh. Doesn't look like a deli, but it's a deli. Give it a try, support local business...
5	This place is a gem of Polish Hill! First (and least important) of all, if you are needing some basics such as eggs or milk on the Hill, you don't have to walk all the way to the Strip or a Geagle, you can get them at Alfreds. Now for the good stuff:If you are Polish or have lived there, you may crave some zupa ogorkowa, kostka knora or wedel chocolate once in a while. If you are making bigos, you will need real polska kielbasa. All these things can be found there! Also, the lady who owns/runs the store is SO SWEET and will speak Polish with you!!!! I go here for a million reasons, but she's the biggest reason! Great fresh food too, made right there for you! Go Alfred's!!
5	Seriously a gem in the city of pittsburgh! Located in the original polish neighborhood of the city, polish hill, this is  THE ORIGINAL polish deli  .. Miss Anna is seriously the nicest lady I have ever met! She has owned the business for 25 years now and is still "going strong no matter what competition comes her way" she said to me the other day.. She cares about the neighborhood and what people need and want .. You can go in and get your day to day needs such as eggs, toilet paper, milk, even cigarettes .. But what really makes this the best is her seriously amazing kielbasa! I promise you you will not find anything like it!!! She offers the polish community an assortment of truly authentic  foods like they would be able to buy back home.. It's kind of like a 50/50 shop but it works! Her pierogi are very good too! She'll even teach you how to make them ! If you are truly looking for AUTHENTIC polish food, then THIS is the place you need to be.!!!  Oh and her prices?... SO affordable! Go visit miss Anna she'll give you a lesson on what REAL polish food should taste like ..
4	The "new" Alfred's is such a welcomed place for the Polish Hill neighborhood! In the two+ years we've lived in Polish Hill, we had never ventured into Alfred's because we were never able to stop in during business hours. That's all changed with the store's facelift and updated hours. We haven't had an opportunity to get any of the fresh-made sandwiches they offer, but as a tiny grocery store, it will suit most of your needs if you're looking to avoid the insanity of the large grocers. With the later hours, it's perfect for grabbing some produce or basic ingredients that you're missing for dinner after work. As a smaller store, the only issue is inventory of perishables (bread, particularly) by the end of the day, but I'm still a fan of what they offer. The staff is really nice, and passionate about helping the store succeed, as well, so if there's something that you wish Alfred's carried, let them know and they'll look into fixing the hole in your shopping experience.It's also a vegan-friendly store, and they offer a lot of organic alternatives for those conscious of such things. Sure, it would be nice to see some cheaper alternatives for some products, but I don't mind supporting the local business and paying a few extra dollars here and there. Heck, it's still cheaper than the Quick Stop down the hill.
5	Just moved to lawerenceville and decided to give Alfred's a try. I was not disappointed. I was weary at first if a 6" sando would be enough but the sandwiches here are no joke. I love Italian sandwiches so I went with the downing. Tons of delicious thick sliced meat. So much I could barely fit the thing in my big mouth. I will be back here again and definitely would recommend it to anyone.
