4	A great tapas place at the Fashion Show Mall.  Original location is in Chicago, the Vegas one has views of the Wynn.  Tapas are decent, but my opnion is skewed by a recent visit to A.O.C. in LA.  Everything pales in comparison.  Ba-Ba-Reeba *does* have some great sangrias, especially the passionfruit sangria.  The artisan cheese plate was a little boring, but the jamon serrano comes with an assortment of other meats and some tasty tomato bread.  If you want something hot and comforting, the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce is delicous and comes with little pesto-topped toasts.  Although it was my first gazpacho experience, the Ba-Ba-Reeba bowl was so flavorful I'm hooked.  Cold soup rocks!  By far the best offering was the mini desserts menu, featuring small plates of yummy bites, all for $2.  The coconut bread pudding is divine, and little ice cream shots with drizzles of matching liqueurs go down sweet and smooth.
4	The food is excellent, but the plates are incredible small! It was a challenge to eat off of a plate that was a quarter of the size of the utensils, but when good food is around I guess you can do anything. I have been to both the Chicago location and now the Vegas location and both have excellent food and sangria! I can't remember everything we ordered (uhh, we were in Vegas!), but I know I enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms and the beef tenderloin and blue cheese. I also know I was very excited about the $1.99 dessert menu (the banana dessert and the chocolate truffle were good!). If you like tapas, this is a good place to go for a reasonably priced meal when you're in Vegas!
1	Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
3	Another tapas experience in Las Vegas.  Located right on the strip, take a seat outside so you can enjoy the constant changing screens of the Wynn Hotel and, of course, people watch.Late lunch and we order the Traditional Gazpacho Soup (gazpacho tradicional); the Beef Tenderloin Toro Brocheta (parsley garlic oil brocheta de solomillo); and the White Anchovies, Avocado & Peppers (boquerones con aguacate).  We attempted to order the Fried Green Peppers & Coarse Salt (pimientos fritos), but they were out already.  The Gazpacho was light and cooling.  When brought to your table, you can choose if you want a few toppings added to it or not.  The anchovies were very tasty.  My only complaint was that there wasn't enough anchovies and too much of the avocado stuff instead.  The toro brocheta was especially enhanced by the tasty green sauce that accompanied it.  (My dining companion was surprised that they didn't ask us how we wanted our beef.)  Without the sauce, it would be a bit dry.  The sauce really gave it a punch.  (I requested more so I could dunk my bread in it.) Dessert - we ordered the Banana (caramelized banana, vanilla ice cream aka platano al caramelo); the Strawberries (sour cream foam aka fresa con espuma de crema); and the Chocolate (white chocolate soup aka sopa de chocolate blanco).  With these desserts only be $1.99, you don't feel bad ordering a bunch of them.  Then again, they are super small.  Big enough to share with one other person only if you order more than one.  The Banana was nicely caramelized with caramel sauce and cooling ice cream.  The Strawberries were a bit too tart for me, and tasted much better when mixed with the Chocolate dish.  I think the idea of a white chocolate soup is divine.  With little rice crispies on the top and tiny pieces of pineapple on the bottom, it's a refreshing dessert.  (Was there a hint of coconut in it?)Overall, with my limited dining experience at Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, I would give it only three stars.  It was a decent place for tapas, but not extraordinary.  Portion sizes are on the smaller end and I would hate to think of trying to share my sardines or gazpacho dish with more than one dining companion.I did particularly enjoy just sitting out front and enjoying my leisurely lunch on the strip.  Having such late lunches, there are no crowds to deal with and you can enjoy yourself so much more.  As always, having fabulous company always makes it that much better.Update! They offer a weekday (M-F) happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm.  $3 tapas at the bar and half off sangria!
4	first time eating spanish food and tapas!  some good stuff here!  i suggest skipping the entrees and just order a bunch of tapas, especially  if you have a larger party.  you'll get a good sampling of a lot of dishes like it's dim sum, lol.  make sure to also order a pitcher of sangria!
3	I went here with a group of friends, and found the place to be a good choice for a small group dinner.  It was at night, and the the atmosphere and view was nice.My boyfriend and I have never been to this type of restuarant before, so we weren't sure what to order.  Our friend suggested the paella and some meat dish.  We loved loved loved the paella.  I've never had it before so I don't have much comparison but it was very good.  My only wish was that the lobster in it could've been bigger and they charge more for the dish.  As for the meat dish, it wasn't very good....that's why I don't remember what it was called.  My boyfriend said it was something his mom can make (hehe...apparently his mom can't cook).Overall it's a nice place and the food is decent.
1	I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
1	If you are after a tourist trap, over- priced on the strip kinda place then Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is for you. Nice looking place, great location however horrible service and mediocre food.  Service was very slow, lots of managers looking on however the wait staff seemed to be non-exsistant.  Our drinks were served wrong then our dinner was served COLD, it was supposed to be hot.   The waiter never once checked back on us AND we had to ask a bus boy to get our check for us.  I'm a big fan of tapas and should have gone to Firefly instead!
4	Ok so here's the deal with BaBaReeba's. I've been going there since they first opened. I was excited to know that we were gonna have a Tapas place. So It's on the corner of the outside of Fashion Show Mall next To Ra Sushi and Capital Grill.  This is a Spanish Restaurant. I watched people walk out because they didn't understand the menu or they were looking for Enchilada Especial...WHITE PEOPLE....THIS IS A SPANISH RESTAURANT. SPANISH  DOES NOT EQUAL MEXICAN....So of course BaBaReeba's changed their menu to better suit the Vegas crowd. They added Mmmm mmmm Entrees. I do miss a lot of tapas that they removed. But the entrees aren't bad.  They have the cold and hot tapas menus ranging from the Gazpacho soup - to the stuffed mushrooms, the cold platter with ham, chorizo, manchego, and olives with toast with a fresh tomato puree. Mmmm....The paella isn't bad. They also have skewers of meats to select from and a caldera....Mmmm Different meats, seafood, etc. The Caldera is pretty salty - if you can't handle it, I'd stay clear. Desserts. are cute little morsels that a big guy like me can chew like a stick of gum. But otherwise delicious. The different spanish wines and sangrias are great. I actually took one of their Passion Fruit Sangria and made a few changes to make it my own. So Babareeba's offers paella cooking classes, happy hours, wine tastings, scotch tastings, flamenco dancing, and special guest bands. It's pretty cool. I can definitely stay there for hours and chit chat about things. Never had a problem with service - but you know some times you get a bad batch of employees. I agree with the Firefly. Very good, but sometimes I can't hear myself there. It gets a little crowded. But this place...decent. Try it....you may like it.
5	My partner and I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba on our last night in Las Vegas because it had been recommended to me by a friend who visited recently.  The wait for an inside table was 30 minutes, but they had patio warmers outside so we were seated immediately - and we were toasty warm throughout our meal!The service was excellent.  Not only did our waiter keep our glasses filled, but when he noticed we were running low on sangria, he suggested another half-pitcher.  When I asked about vegetarian options, he went over the entire menu with me and pointed everything out.  He brought all of our food out as it was ready, which is a great way to have tapas - you can nibble on each dish while you're waiting for the next one.The food was quite good.  I am normally very picky, but I really enjoyed everything I ordered!  I recommend the spiced "brave" potatoes (they are actually new potatoes) and the potato-and-onion omelette which came with a great sauce.  We had two half-pitchers of the passionfruit sangria and really liked it - we are not normally sangria fans but this one was great!  And best of all, the entire place was reasonably priced.We had a great time at Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba and I definitely recommend it to anyone visiting the Strip area of Las Vegas.
4	This place has amazing tapas. Don't get suckered into the entree dishes that were put there for dumb ass tourists who don't get the tapas thing. The empanadas are amazing, as are the bacon wrapped dates and the pasilla peppers.  All three are MUST haves at this place.  We also like the chicken and artichoke hearts paella, the goat cheese app, and shrimp in olive oil and red peppers.  Oh yeah, the Sangria rocks!
5	Best Spanish Restaurant in America (that I've found thus far).Seriously everything is to die for and the Sangria is amazing. Lobster Paella, Garlic Shrimp, Dates wrapped in Bacon... EVERYTHING!!!Seriously I LOVE everything about this place... the ambiance, the music, service, the food and the wine list! Another great plus: PAELLA COOKING CLASSESAbout once a month on Saturdays they have this class where they teach you how to make paella and various tapas. You get to try everything they make for you and you get to take a cookbook home with all the recipes. The class is at 10AM... it's hard not to go hungover from the debaucheries of the night before in Vegas, but it's well worth it!!
3	Part of the Lettuce Entertain You group of restaurants, Cafe Ba Ba Reeba started out in Chicago, then opened a branch in Las Vegas.  It specializes in tapas.  Originally intended as bar snacks, the term now refers to small portions of food (at least in the United States).  Choose a few and you have a meal; choose a bunch and you have a meal for a group of friends.In addition to tapas, the menu offers paella and a few other items, but tapas are the stars. There are more than 50 choices, plus another dozen desserts.  Cold tapas include serrano ham, olives and chicken salad; hot tapas include octopus, empanadas and roast dates with bacon.The inside dining areas are dark: dark stained wood flooring, dark wood tables, moderate lighting.  Loud guitar music plays; a Flamenco version of "California Dreamin'" was one of the more unusual selections.  The outside area, facing the strip, seemed much more inviting, but it was too hot outside for me.  Service was prompt; I ordered tapas one at a time, and they arrived pretty quickly.At Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, tapas have been supersized.  A typical dish could serve as a small appetizer for four people, or as an hors d'oeuvre for even more people.  I was hard pressed to finish just three plates.  Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese also included triangles of toasted bread with chopped tomato on top.  Both the cheese and meats were thinly sliced, and very strongly flavored.  A winner.  It wasn't finger food, definitely requiring a knife and fork, but was big enough that it would best be split several ways.Roast dates with bacon and apple vinaigrette was an interesting dish.  Small dates (or perhaps halves of large dates) were wrapped in bacon, then grilled until the bacon was crispy and the dates were very chewy.  A small amount of vinaigrette was poured on top.  It was an unusual combination of sweet, salty, sour and fatty tastes.Grilled squid in olive oil and garlic consisted of large pieces of squid (both body and tentacles) sauted in olive oil.  Barely cooked through, the squid was still tender.  It was a little oily, but I liked it.The food was OK, but as a solo diner I didn't really enjoy myself.  The supposedly tapa sized portions are actually quite large, and not conducive to ordering many dishes if one is dining alone.  I think it would be more fun with a group, at one of the outdoor tables.
4	Sometimes when I think I can't go on with the heat in Las Vegas, I go to the mall. I went yesterday with my American Express and the air conditioning. It was nice to get out of the heat and into some retail therapy. Cafe Ba-Ba Reeba is a wonderful Tapas place at the Mall. Yes, our mall is better than yours. Actually I hate malls, but I really can't be that mad at this one because there is so much fun stuff there! Ba Ba Reeba is more expensive than other tapas places in town, due to its location, but I always seem to eat vegetarian here and so its a little less expensive. If and when it is under a 100 degrees outside,  I like the patio because of the pretty view to Wynn, but inside is really pretty also.
3	Everything I tried here was pretty good.  But, considering that I love the whole idea of tapas and we probably sampled 9-10 items, pretty good isn't enough to make me go back. None of the dishes were bad, but only one of them (serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese) was good enough for me to want again.  Service was pleasant and the patio location was very nice for people-watching on the strip, but there is so much competition in this town for my food dollar, that I will keep looking.
2	This tapas restaurant by way of Chicago offers  priced Sangria and an assortment of $3 appetizers in the bar area on weekdays from 4-7PM.  Our waitress also served as bartender so service tended to be on the slow side.  We started off with a carafe of red sangria ($10) and a chicken empanada (3 Stars, $3) served with what tasted like mustard spiked mayonnaise.  Our next round included a tiny portion of seafood salad (1.5 Stars, $3) and a large portion of spicy potatoes with tomato aioli (3 Stars, $3).  Meanwhile we kept working on the Sangria while enjoying the bar scene.  It was at this point that we decided we were not going to be in the mood for a full meal so we asked the waitress/bartender if we could use the Restaurant.com certificate for the Sangria and appetizers.  Not a problem said my now much more efficient waitress. As the bewitching hour of 7PM approached we quickly requested the Serrano ham and tomato bread tapas. (0.5 Stars, $3)  I did a quick calculation using the Dewey Decimal System and determined we were going to have a difficult time reaching the $35 minimum required for use of the Restaurant.com certificate so we ordered the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce tapas (5 Stars, $7).  We were now satiated and ready to quit, but we ordered 2 mini desserts, coconut bread pudding with sorbet and a truffle chocolate cake (2.5 Stars, $4).  Based on my updated calculations we were still nominally short of the requirement, but I asked the waitress for the bill - wow 14 cents to the good.
4	Ah, Ba-Ba Reeba, how I love your happy hour.....Half price sangria, $3 tapas, yummy grilled squid, great decor and atmosphere, great bar service........I don't bother going for lunch or dinner, however. Tapas in general are over-priced and I'm not into paella.
4	Loved this place...our waiter was hot and funny.....the tequila shots before dinner were strong and stiff.... and the food was great... really enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms..and the cheese platter and olive plate...Good times....
4	The man and I needed to refuel after a long day of shopping. By refuel I mean getting back that necessary Vegas buzz of shop, drink, drink, shop.......     We were here at happy hour and it was well worth it. The margaritas were yummy were mixed right. We indulged in the $3 yummies. We ordered the meatball and the mushroom empanada. The meat balls were served in a Spanish style tomato sauce with potatoes. The meat ball was very moist. The empanada was excellent. The crust was flaky and the mushroom filling went very well with the aioli. The portions looked small but were quite filling.  The only drawback was that the bartender needed  more help. It wasn't super busy but I felt the service would have been much better if he had a hand.
3	We ended up here by accident after another restaurant we had planned to eat at  had a wait estimated at over an hour.  The food was not bad, but there were so many people in the place, with a dj pumping somewhat obnoxious pop songs, that the ambiance became more of a factor than one would have hoped.  We had a party of 8 and ordered 2 tapas apiece.  The waitress was really pushy when we ordered the 2 person paella, saying that we'd only each get a biteful.  That was our intention, and frankly I can't imagine why anyone would want more than a spoonful of it.  To put it kindly it was underwhelming.  She was pushing the bigger sized paella that was $40.  I'm sorry but you ought to be ashamed of yourself charging that much for RICE.  Try the dates wrapped in bacon, as another reviewer suggested.  Better than other tapas places I've been to, but I'm not sure that we'll be back any time soon.
4	Let me start by saying how much I hate Las Vegas but am forced to attend an annual conference there. In this city of waste, it is hard to get past worrying that by the time you get home, all of the natural resources of the planet will have been used up. One of the few bright spots is Babareeba. I was introduced to this fun spot by a friend a few years ago and keep going back. Crazy for their white sangria. The bits of fruit are a delicious touch. The small plates are great and really enough to share. The food is tasty and delivered quickly. My favorite this time around was an empanada with goat cheese and raisins. Fantastic! A nice pairing of this cafe is to visit the Guggenheim exhibit across the street inside the Venetian. You can almost forget it is Vegas...
4	Went here my first day in Vegas in February with a friend.We ordered a little bit of everything: * mushroom empanadas, * baby spinach salad, chorizo bits, piquillo peppers and egg* seared spanish sausages - chorizo, txistorra, butifarra & morcilla* salmon, artichoke & fennel confit* skewered chicken & chorizo sausageEverything was absolutely delicious.  A great lunch.  Service was fabulous.  Very attentive.  It was crowded at 3 p.m. and we still got great service with a busy afternoon.Our bill was $70, without the tip, but it was all well-worth it because it was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.Everyone should stop by while in Vegas.
4	We ordered and I drank a lot of our full pitcher of Black Raspberry Sangria, so I'm hoping that what I remember about this dinner is accurate.  =)   I know that the sangria was pretty tasty.  They had a good baked crab & shrimp dip, house marinated olives is an assortment of 3-4 different olives, and the chicken empanadas were yummy.  We ordered a bunch of tapas and everything was delicious.  A table near us order paella and it looked pretty good and didn't last long, so I'll try that next time.
4	I liked this place very much. I wish we had one of these in DC instead of subpar chains like La Tasca and Jaleo.The sangria was delicious - we ordered a pitcher of the Passion Fruit and couldn't stop raving about it. And all the tapas dishes we got were absolutely delicious. My favorite were the spicy potatoes with the tomato aioli - so good we got a second order. The skewered shrimp were also remarkably tasty. .I also had a bowl of the gaspacho - it was very like the kind I'd had in Mexico. Service was pretty good, perhaps a tad slow, but it was a lazy Sunday afternoon so we were happy to just sit and chat without being rushed.Can't speak for the paella - none of us like it so we didn't order any.
5	Conveniently located across the street from the Wynn Resort in the Fashion Mall, this joint is hands down the number one lunch spot for me.  After a heavy night drinking and partying, what's better than to fill up again with a cold pitcher of black raspberry sangria and small plate-size tapas to re-energize yourself for another round at the pool or craps table.  The menu is quite extensive and divided into cold and hot dishes.  I recommend the following:HOT DISHES:-Chicken and chorizo sausage skewers (this is the bomb)-Squid a la plancha with olive oil and garlic (dip your table bread in this oil as well)-Roasted dates wrapped in bacon (this is a must have)-Fried padron peppers and course saltCOLD DISHES:-Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese-Roast eggplant salad with goat cheese-House marinated olivesDESSERT:-You have to try the almond and banana ice cream desserts....and I don't care how full you are cuz they cost almost nothing and are damn good!I came here one night to have the paella and thought it was good but nothing to get excited about.  I recommend you order the tapas items I suggested above instead if it's your first time.The website includes the full menu if you want to explore for yourself:http://www.cafebabareeba.com/vegas/
3	After really enjoying Firefly, my friends and I decided to try Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba.  We were pretty disappointed... smaller portions, not as good, and higher priced than Firefly.  And it was pretty dead in there, too.  Thanks, we'll stick to Firefly.
5	Fantastic tapas. We ate some cold and some hot dishes and they were fantastic. Good sangrias, too.
4	This is Spanish, NOT Mexican like some others have mistakenly mentioned.  Extensive menu of tapas averaging about $7.50-12 each plate; very few on the lower and higher end of that range.  About 4-6 for two people is what is recommended... so that gives you an idea of how much it will run you.  The portions were quite large for tapas, from looking at the other tables, so it's not totally overpriced.  We got an order of the Mix Paella (serves 2-3) of chicken, pork, sausage, green beans for $26.  It wasn't mentioned on the list, but we also got shrimps mixed in which was nice.  The waiter told us paella takes about 25 minutes to cook; we were starving and ended up getting a basket of bread four times during that period.  They kept refilling it no problem along with our drinks.  Great prompt service.
3	This place was okay.  First of all, we had a reservation for 12 at 8:30pm.  Okay, we were there at 8:25pm and we waited an additional 20 minutes for them to put our table together.  The hostess kept saying 5 minutes, 5 minutes....and we sat down 20 minutes later.  The food was okay.  I did only have their mushroom soup, which I enjoyed but it was quite salty.  We specifically told our server that we needed to be out of there by 10pm, and I felt like she didn't really care whether or not we were out by 10pm.  Not so sure if I'd come back here again.  Maybe for a snack before/after shopping, but never again for dinner - especially when I plan on going someplace else after.
3	So I figured Vegas would be a good place to watch the fireworks on Independence Day.... in 104 heat...The misters outside suckered me into this place.... however, where ever I sat...they stopped working...So I moved inside. The waitress was great, the sangria was one of the best I ever had, but other than that...the food was so-so and as for the dessert....you could easiliy confuse it with a candybar that melted on a small plate. Um, no thanks. I'm starting to wonder if the whole point of tapas is that everything is so average that nothing is outstanding?
4	Awesome Happy Hour!We came here at the tail end of our time in Vegas, if only we had found it sooner! Loved the Sangria, I tried the one with frangelico and it wasn't my bag so the server let me switch to the house white sangria. It was sweet, fruity and very refreshing on such a hot day. A steal at $3 a glass, so I had 4. We should have just gotten a pitcher.We also had practically everything on the Happy Hour menu, some standouts for me where the bacon covered dates, the chicken and chorizo skewers and the spiced potatoes with tomato aioli. Yummmmmmers! I do wish they had lighter and fresher choices like say a ceviche. The seafood salad was close but could have used more salt and lemon. Also more veggie options would be good, the mushroom empanada was good - but very heavy.I had the the coconut almond cake and apple crumble for dessert. I have to say the coconut almond cake was really delicious.Considering we paid as much for 2 appetizers at Social House the night before, $50 for 2 people to eat some tasty treats to their hearts contents was Alright by me!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas.It's got easy access, in spite of being on the strip.They have awesome sangria, good food - and a handful of vegetarian and vegan options. It's moderately priced (good for being on the strip).I love their spicy potatoes!
4	My favorite place in Vegas for a casual and fun dining experience with gal pals.  Sangria and tapas is the way to go - then head into the mall for some shopping!
4	I love tapas, and this place was pretty good!   Except I was a little sick, and drinking... so I don't remember much else to type anything more.
4	We had a 3:30 fly out of Vegas, so we decided to go and have a quick lunch.We had the 4 different tapas (the ones recommended by the menu) and were outstanding, I wanted to try the Paella but i was the only one who want it and is recommended for 2 or more people and I didnt know if at the airport they would allow me to have restaurant left over, so we decided to have just the tapas, the sangria is great and I had 2 mojitos which were really good.All and all, great food and drinks, we'll go back again and try different food.
5	I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba for light lunch and the famous sangria recommended by fellow yelpers. I sat in the patio where breezes from Wynn accompanied me during this warm afternoon. I absolutely love my Peach sangria which was more fruity and sweet compared to my friend's raspberry sangria which tasted more red wine. For tapas, we ordered seared sea scallops and chicken & ham croquettes. The scallops were good, crispy and have nice texture and favors. The croquettes and sauce made good toppings with the complementary bread. (See food in my pics) I want to thank the waiter and manager who served my table and made this a five star experience. After drinking much sangria, I dropped some croquettes sauce on my white top while I was eating it with the bread. I asked the waiter if it would be possible for me to clean the mess when I asked for the bill. He told me I should try using soda water. To my surprise, he actually came back later on and brought a table cloth with soda water and let me try to remove the spot. Service does make a difference in a place like Las Vegas where good restaurants are everywhere. Thank you Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba!
3	A friend of mine gave me the tip of Cafe Ba Ba Reeba's Happy Hour so my husband and I looking for a place to grab some dinner on Friday night went with my friends suggestion. Half Price Tapas and Pitchers of Sangria in the bar area. We ordered a butt load of apps and I had two Sangria's for less than 25 bucks. It was a steal. There was probably only one tapas dish that I didn't particularly care for but for the price...I would definitely recommend the Happy Hour and I would definitely go back. Cozy atmosphere and great service.
4	We went here expecting a light lunch, but came out being stuffed! It was my first time trying Spain food so I didn't know portion sizes. I thought tapas were little plates of appetizers so we ordered several along with the lobster paella. We were full even before the paella arrived (paella takes 30 minutes to cook so place that order first). Even though we needed to save room for the paella, everything was so yummy we kept eating! next time, I'll come with more people so we can share. Then, paella came, and they serve it table-side. The paella is SO GOOD. I was in love with it. I can't believe I was missing out for so many years. I crave paella a lot these days because of this place...mmm yummy.
5	I used to enjoy this place when I lived in Chicago so I was eager to find out if the Vegas location lived up to the hype... This review is for happy hour only, which is fabulous. 3-7 PM, and 7 days a week.. YES happy hour on weekends too, a rareity! Nice patio on the strip.. great atmosphereSangria pitcher (6 cups) $24.95 (half price for happy hour). Solid sangria. and at ~$2 a cup for happy hour.. great price. Honestly the sangria at Tommy Bahama's is much stronger, but this one is nice because you're not getting loaded at 4 PM when you split a pitcher 3 ways. Food ($3 each for happy hour): We had the chicken empanada, the ham/tomato toast, potatoes, and bacon wrapped dates. All were awesome, and in particular we loved the bacon wrapped dates. None of the servings were huge.. but for $3 they were about right on. I would not, however, find this place a good deal at dinner. All in all, we paid $12 each (with tax and tip!) for sangria and some yummy appetizers. Definitely check this place out between 3-7.. it's a great value, particularly on the strip where things tend to get expensive.
3	We walked by this place and saw the nice patio outdoor seating area so we stopped by for lunch.  The menu consisted of mostly tapas around $7-10.  Paella was about $15 per person.  They had various flavors of sangria, but I just ordered the regular red sangria.  It wasn't as fruity flavored as other ones I've tried.  It just tasted like red wine with chopped fruits inside.  For tapas, we ordered grilled beef skewers, which was cooked really tender.  It came with caramelized onions and horseradish cream sauce.  Didn't care too much for the onions.  I've never seen such dark caramelized onions before.  We also ordered a salad with green apples and manchego cheese.  This was very tasty as the dressing was nice and light.  We tried their seafood paella which the server advised would take about 30 minutes to make.  It did take about 30 minutes.  We just ordered for 1 person, which ended up being perfect for 2.  It came with shrimp and scallops.  The flavor was good.  Service was kind of slow at times, but overall food was good.  Perfect for a light lunch.
4	Was surprised to see that Cafe Ba Ba Reeba had a lower average rating than Firefly on Paradise. We went to Firefly before and were really underwhelmed by the food there. In fact, every dish we tried (and we tried plenty) was on the average or under average side. We're always on the hunt for tapas and hubby was adamant about NOT going to Firefly. I had bookmarked RE Tapas, but hubby wanted to try Ba Ba Reeba while we were at the mall so we thought we'd be smarter this time and order only a small selection in case it wasn't all that great either.The restaurant shares its space with Stripburger -- very strange because it's so damn confusing. I wanted to sit by some natural light for the purpose of taking photos but wherever I pointed out was not part of Ba Ba Reeba.The menu wasn't very big so it was quite easy to decide. The young man wanted a pizza and there were only 3 or 4 to choose from so we went for the chorizo. I got some garlic shrimp, sea scallops and Padron peppers as well. Sangria is not bad here -- it's not sickly sweet and had a nice balance of the wine to fruit/juice. Very refreshing accompaniment to the meal.Padron peppers were grilled well with a sprinkling of sea salt to give it flavor. Seared sea scallops were fresh and juicy, well prepared, but the couscous and sauce was what brought this dish down. The flavors were underseasoned and did nothing to enhance the scallops. My favorite were the garlic shrimps. The shrimps were plump and extremely fresh and had a hearty helping of garlic in the dish. The olive oil was infused so strongly with the garlic we all used the bread to soak it up and wiped the dish clean.I wouldn't ordinarily order pizza at a tapas place but the one here wasn't bad as far as pizzas are concerned. The crust was very thin and the toppings of chorizo, cheese and cherry tomatoes were balanced correctly -- not too much and not too little.All in all, I'd have to say, I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. I'll even go as far to say that the garlic shrimps were better than at my favorite tapas place in SF -- Zarzuela. Yeah, I said it. It's better! We ended up getting an extra order of the shrimp since none of us felt we had enough.The meal wasn't cheap -- a pizza, 4 tapas and 2 glasses of sangria came to almost $80 with tip included. Still, for a highly satisfying meal, I don't really care if it was on the high side.
4	Im surprised to see the somewhat low rating.I came here during SEMA week and had dinner with a few friends.  Please remember that I've never had tapas before so I let my friend do all the ordering.  Oh man I don't even remember what we ordered but the chicken empanada's are freakin GOOD.  I could eat a dozen+ of these things with that delicious sauce that comes with it and still ask for more afterwards.  Cool atmosphere here and you kind of forget that you're in the middle of the Vegas strip for a second there.  Drinks were strong and I had a blast with my friends.  Be prepared to break out the wallet though if you come around dinner time because it certainly isn't cheap here.  Will definitely come back for the empanada's.  =)
1	Who wouldn't loves tapas! To be honest, when they listed empanadas on the menu, we decided we had to try it. But boy was that a mistake. It was pretty expensive, for such small dishes. We asked what size and how many empanadas we would get, it was only one small one for $8-9! So instead of tapas, we decided to order regular meals. We first ordered a Passion Fruit sangria. That was delicious, included some fresh chopped apple/orange/lemon, very refreshing, but not sure it was worth $15 for half a pitcher. The bread they served with the meal was also delicious, but they gave such a small basket, they couldn't refill it fast enough for us (nor for our ice water)! Sigh. For my meal, I went with the Meatball pizza for $11. The crust was thin and crispy and the pizza itself was pretty huge (couldn't finish it), but the oil from the cheese and meat just gathered in the middle of the plate and my crust soaked it all up. They also added some cherry tomatoes and basil, which definitely enhanced the flavor, but by the time my food came to me... the cheese already looked hardened. Disgusting. Unfortunately, the rest of our service wasn't that great either. Our waiter never came back for a water refill, and we actually finished eating our food and probably sat around for 5 minutes before flagging down another waitress for our bill. Also, they include an 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. What? Ok fine, can we give less? Whatever. Our meal came up to be $xx.90, so our friend wanted to break her 100 and get some change. They had the nerve to keep her extra 10 cents too, something about rounding up or some crap. I know it's only 10 cents, but based on how bad our service was, and just on principle, they should have given it to us. Ugh, never again.
5	This was probably the least expensive great restaurant I went to in Vegas (OK we're not counting In-N-Out cause that place rocks for $6). SOOOOO many good plates, I mean, I had most of them and loved them, but I wanted to try them ALL!  I am picky about tapas... I lived in Boston and went to all 5 tapas places in the city regularly.White peach sangria on a sunny afternoon sitting outside with the heat lamps on and yummy, yummy Spanish food.  If that doesn't cure a hangover, I don't know what does.OK I guess I have one negative thing to say, but it still won't change my rating.. the sangria pitcher is on the small side.  You might need two.
2	So, yeah, the food was good enough.  I've had tapas before, that is to say that I've gone to a restaurant and shared a bunch of appetizers with friends - it should be a fun experience.I'll ignore the somewhat high cost, because for Vegas, it wasn't that overwhelming.  The food really was decent, but it was the service that really tanked.  I mean REALLY tanked.The waiter was a nice guy.  he was friendly, helpful and kept the drinks refilled.  Had we only ordered drinks, this review would have been better...He asked if we wanted the food served as it came done (vs. all together) and we said fine.  This is good, because otherwise it would have taken 2 hours to get fed.The food came in clumsey bursts, separated by exceedingly long periods of nothingness, during which time we stared into the kitchen (we were seated in the back) and watched the chaos ensue.  Three times a waiter/busboy came to our table and laid down a dish that wasn't ours.  Once, the waiter jumped in and said "no, that's table 23!", the other two times we took an honest tack and sent the order away.  Over a period of about 1 1/2 hours we got our dishes, except the pizza.  This as really the only thing that my brother-in-law (a finicky sort) had ordered.  Since he ordered his tomato, mozerrella and olive pizza sans olives, we have a suspicion that his pizza went out twice to the wrong table, as we saw to oliveless pizzas pass by without stopping.  Or maybe the rest of the crowd hates olives too.They finally wrangled the pizza, which they comp'd after we said we didn't want it at all.If there were staff issues, etc., going on, we didn't know about it, as no manager fessed up.  They seemed to have plenty of staff, although none of them seemed to know what table they were in charge of.  They also seemed to be running two restaurants out of the kitchen, so you may want to steer clear of Stripburger, too.Basically, the food was decent, but the service was so chaotic that it was palpable.
4	My husband and friends all loved this place! We missed the happy hour so it got a little pricey ordering so many different tapas. But you only live once and enjoy life. Tapas were $6-$13. My husband had the chicken paella and it was decent. Nothing spectacular. We absolutely loved the stuffed mushroom caps and the beef skewers were great. I had the berry sangria and liked it better than the peach sangria. Their sangria is sweet and that's what I love about it. The server was really nice. We are definitely going back to this place!!
4	"Surprisingly great food at the mall! Lobster paella was tasty, sauteed squid was Great, manchengo anything was superb, goat cheese dip was yummy. Bacon wrapped dates were great too. Keep away from the red meats though....those were pretty tasteless and disappointing compared to all other super flavorful dishes. Yummy! Will definitely be back for more!"
3	Came here during happy hour (4-7 PM).  I dont quite remember everything we had as it wasnt that memorable.  What I do remember is their yummy meat lover's paella.  It was delicious.  We also tried their black raspberry, peach, and passionfruit sangrias.  The black raspberry was the best.  Wait service was ok.  The waitress left out one of the items we ordered so we never got it but we didnt get charged for it.  Note: Happy hour is only served in the bar area so you should let the hostess know upon arrival so you can be pointed in the right direction.
3	If you're weary of the high end expense account restaurants on the strip and just crave something that's fun and flavorful, this is a recommended restaurant. Shop first in the mall - inside are fun stores like Zara and Diesel - and then enjoy the tapas to your stomach's content.This was our second trip in two years, and the experience both times was good enough to keep us coming back. Recommended if you're looking for something under $50 per person on the strip, including drinks.
4	Their Tapas were good, kinda reminded me of Firefly, but it's not that noisy here. The sangria was really good, service was so, so.
5	It was the first time I've ever been here and I loved it! The meals were quite appetizing! Lets see we had a Passion Fruit Sangria, a pepperoni pizza, lamb, and calamari! Now it sounds like a lot because it is. The food comes in small portions so we were worried that we wouldn't have enough. Boy were we wrong. We had plenty! The passion fruit sangria is good if you like wine. Not so much if you don't. The Pizza on flat bread was phenomenal! The best pizza I've had in a long time! Talk about knowing how to put on pepperoni!  Lamb was scrumptious! I loved the potatoes that came with it as well. The mustard dip was the perfect touch to the whole thing. Lastly the calamari was divine! The best calamari I've tasted in a long time! Totally worth it! Besides having great food they also had great service. They constantly filled our drinks back up and when they brought the food they timed it well enough to where we didn't have all the entrees at the table at once. It was wonderful. Not to mention this place is so affordable! We're talking make $10 a plate. Trust me though you won't leave there hungry.
3	My husband and I love tapas and since we were staying at the Trump and walked by Fashion Show Mall quite a few times, we decided to give Cafe Ba Ba Reeba a try for dinner on Saturday night. We ate outside on the patio to enjoy the fresh air and to do some people watching on the Strip. Our server was really friendly and attentive without being pushy or annoying. We tried:White Sangria - it was so good! I really like white sangria and it was one of the best I have tried.Crab and Shrimp Dip - by far our favorite dish of the evening. We should have ordered two because we fought over it! Definitely a must order!Spicy potatoes - I must have missed the spicy part of this dish because all I did was taste potatoes. You have to eat this dish fast because our potatoes went cold pretty quickly.Oven baked goat cheese - I don't think you can go wrong with goat cheese, tomato sauce, and bread with pesto. Seared sea scallops - a bit gritty and didn't have the melt in your mouth quality I look for in amazing scallops. However, they were still cooked pretty well even if they did have a bit of grit in them. Not the best I have ever had, but definitely not the worst.Beef tenderloin - the blue cheese was way too overpoweringOur bill was $65 before tip and we left feeling full. If you like tapas and want a meal that won't break the bank on the Strip, this is not a bad place to give a shot.
4	What a surprise from the high-priced, huge-portions of most Vegas restaurants, Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba was a little place that we found one evening. We arrived early (between 5 and 7 is happy hour) and were presented with half-priced sangria's and a $3 Tapa menu.This was the best dinner we had while in Vegas - try the roasted pepper tapa and the olives, as well as the mushroom empanada - very good. Also, the White Sangria was great - we started with half a pitcher, and quickly ordered a second half. Our whole meal was under $40 (for two people) and we were very full afterward!Definitely a place to visit - and sit outside to people watch!
4	HAPPY HOUR HAPPY HOUR!! What a fine happy hour it twas! We ordered just about everything on the HH menu since it was just $3 and the passion fruit sangria was light and delicious! Service was awesome. Loved it!!
4	Expensive, maybe. Tasty, most definitely! Located right across the street from the Wynn Casino Resort, this place rocks with a delectable menu of tapas of all sorts...well, within limits of the menu. They have these mini tapa samplers that you can try and oh boy, were they tasty! We had the shrimp on toasted bread and tomato beef on toasted bread.  For the main course, we couldn't resist in ordering the chicken paella and also tried the other tapas, like mussels with a caramelized sweet sauce (absolutely delicious). We also ordered a pitcher of the white peach sangria and that was pretty good, too. The service was good. The manager was the one who came out and served us and that was a plus.  Also, there's like a bar right next door to the restaurant, so if you dine outside, you'll hear the music. You may or may not like it, depends on you. Visit this place!
3	This restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas.  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  Ann ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron.  I used a $50 certificate purchased form a radio station.
2	Since our last visit in in September 2006, business has dropped off and most of the dining is now curtained off.  The restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas..  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  My wife ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron (1)
4	Wow, tapas in Vegas has not disappointed me!  Three words:  bacon wrapped dates - omfg, delicious.  I think I almost finished a plate on my own. The scallop were also very good as were the peppers (not that spicy!). We ordered quite a bit of food and two pitches of sangria AND a paella (which, warning, is HUGE...and delicious).  I think the total for our large group was $35 a person...extremely reasonable by Vegas standards.  The outdoor dining area is huge - great for people watching.
4	I love tapas. However this place can get pricey just think of the location. I ate here once with a friend and it cost us $65 a piece. The food was delicious though, we had the shrimp sauteed in garlic and butter and the octupus which was great. We had a lot of other items on the menu. Their sangria is alright. Not as good as fireflys. I like this place. I would come back definitely.
4	My gf and I LOVEEEE Cafe Ba Ba Reeba in Chicago! but unfortunately, seeing that we live in socal, this Vegas location is the next best thing...This restaurant is conveniently located in the Fashion Show Mall, which for the uncommon Vegas traveler is located on the strip right across from the Wynn. It was a pretty hot day but the outdoor eating area, which was perfect for people watching, remained cool and pleasant. This place gets minus one star for not having an extensive tapas menu as the Chicago location and a daily/weekly/monthly? sangria special (aka my white mango sangria!) again like the Chicago location. But besides these minor details, the food was DELICIOUS and the service was excellent!My gf and I ordered a half pitcher of the white peach sangria, which may not be the white mango sangria we had in Chicago but was still soooooo good! We were also able to get our waitress to get us samples of the passion fruit sangria and the sparkling raspberry sangria (made w/ cava!), but still concluded our white peach sangria was best! The peach sangria was refreshing and sweet (but not too sweet), the passion fruit sangria was more citrusy and less sweet and the sparkling sangria had a stronger taste to it. We happily enjoyed our lunch with a nice alcoholic buzz and even devoured the sweet little apple bits in our glasses!As for the food we ordered the shrimp & egg salad on toast & the short rib stuffed pepper on toast, stuffed mushrooms, flatbread with tomatoes & basil and the special paella w/ shortrib, chicken & chorizo sausage(?). The stuffed pepper was good but the shrimp & egg salad was OMG good! The stuffed mushrooms were just as good as we remembered from Chicago, in other words, freaking DELICIOUS! We also enjoyed the flatbread pizza, which  was light and flavorful, and the special meat paella. For dessert, we ordered the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet and the chocolate tres leches. The chocolate tres leches was sweet and chocolatey (i'm a chocolate fiend!) but the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet was jaw-dropping SOOOOOOOO good! It wasn't as sweet as the tres leches, and the pairing of almond cake and coconut seems random but they perfectly complimented each other. I definitely can't wait to come back!
4	I had such a great time while eating at the Ba-Ba-Reeba. One was because of the great view of the Encore and the Wynn as well as location on the strip. Most important reason of all why this place was soooo good was the quality and variety of the food. For drinks you must try the white peach sangria by far one of the best sangria's I have tried before. I don't know if its because of the fresh cut pieces of peach in the pitcher or the quality of wine they use to mix but what ever it is you gotta try it. For tapas we shared the following: - PINTXOS which are six small bite size tapas ($8.95) great to order because of the variety of small tapas it comes with. - BAKED GOAT CHEESE with tomato sauce and sic pieces of garlic toasts. The entire combination was to die for. Garlic toasts was fresh and the goat cheese tasted as if it was just cut from the block ($7.95). - MANCHEGO which is an assortment of Spaniard meat. Included in this order are 4 small pieces of bread with a good spread, 2 types of cheese and a side of olives which all calls for a great combination ($10.95). - BEEF EMPANADA thick crust and full of meet ($8.95) - TOMATO and CHEESE FLATBREAD kinda like a thin crust pizza, very salty but full of flavor. The fresh cut tomatoes on the flat bread makes its oh soo juicy. With all of what we ordered (drinks + tapas) the total came out to $85 included tax. Well worth the money because of the quality of the food and service. With all of the drinks
4	This place is great.  The sangria is realllly tasty, and the tapas are wonderful.  It's located right across the street from the Wynn, and at the end of the Fashion Show Mall.  Not a usual place for the typical Vegas visitor, but it's not hard to find.   The service here was great as well.  Would definitely come back here for some more tapas, a switch from the usual buffets and casino food courts :)
4	I have to come to Vegas a lot for business and I recently found this gem.  The menu includes a wide range of items.  Everything that I have tasted I have enjoyed.The most recent time I visited I had the lobster paella, which was delicious, filling, and cheap!  I also really enjoy the gaspacho here.The atmosphere is very relaxed and the service is attentive.  There are several vegetarian friendly options as well!
4	Me gusta mucho! I was torn between three and four stars but decided on four because the prices were so reasonable. Although the food wasn't fantastically memorable, it was very good, especially since there were so many vegetarian options at a tapas bar. And I discovered I like quince. Yay! Love adding a new enjoyable food to my repertoire. Waitress was incredibly helpful and even listened to my veggie rants while also recommending wines and taking my vegetarian suggestions into consideration. Will return!
4	I have never been to the Chicago location, but I hope it's as good as this! We had the garlic shrimp; spicy potatoes; serrano, salchica and chorizo and my favorite, bacon wrapped dates!! YUMMM Ofcourse, I could never go here and NOT order sangria. This time it was just ok. The service this time around was outstanding though!!! Ba ba reeba doesn't dissapoint.
4	My wife and I love Tapas and this is one of our favorite places for Tapas in Vegas.We've eaten there a couple times and the food and service has always been good. A great place for a larger group, it's fun to order a selection of Tapas to share & pass. Be sure to also leave room to try the Paella, which is very tasty. Also, they have a variety of Sangria's worth trying.Considering this is Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised how reasonably priced everything was. Even though this place is in a Mall, it doesn't feel like it. If you can, get seated outdoors. It's a great view of The Strip right across from The Wynn and fun place to people watch.
5	I had never been to a tapas place before, and this was a great first time experience.  A friend recommended this place, so my boyfriend and I went here for happy hour. They had $3 tapas and  1/2 off sangrias from 4 to 7pm.We ordered:Pintxos:  We ordered all 6 for $8.95. Not on the happy hour menu, but wanted to try it anyways. Yummy!Spicy potatoes w/ tomato alioli: there were a lot of potatoes on this dish. Yummy and a great value.Skewered chicken & chorizo w/ sherry alioli: Yummy, but it's only 1 skewer... so about 2 bites.Chicken empanada w/ red peppers, sherry alioli: Also a great value. One of our favorites.Skewered beef w/ horseradish cream, red onion relish: same as skewered chicken and chorizo.... Yummy, but only 1 skewer as well.Spanish meatballs in tomato sauce: comes with 2 large meatballs and 2 small potato pieces.White peach sangria: refreshing. We shared a pitcher, and it was perfect.We also got 2 desserts, which I'm not sure what the name was.  Maybe a chocolate tres leche and a milkshake drink.I really think this place is more 4 stars than 5, but I wanted to help out the overall ratings a bit.  The service was great.  Although the ambiance towards the back of the bar was a little dim, the overall restaurant look and feel was great.  I would love to go back to try the paella and other tapas not on the happy hour menu (there are 10 choices on the happy hour menu).
3	The first time I tried tapas was at Chicago's Cafe Baba Reeba and I was too nauseas (pregnancy related) to enjoy the food. It was very bustling with family and kids at that chain.  I tried to redeem the experience at the Las Vegas chain and this was not what i expected. Perhaps I went after 9 pm and the place turned into what seemed like an adults night out only atmosphere. No kids, just couples in the dark and it felt more romantic and sexy. Decor is dark red and black with quiet groovy like music in background.  If you are looking for a place to take a date this would be the place--after 9 pm is best, I think, if you want to just sit and learn more about each other over cocktails.  I certainly don't recommend this place if you are starving!! The prices are ok but I find expensive if you are looking for a place to get a great value for food. You are basically paying for ambience, presentation, and the unique experience of tapas food.  Ladies you will like this place for "girlfriend catch up time", or just dress up and enjoy each others company...and maybe get chummy with some local guys. I believe there is a lounge area too.  We sat in the booths cuz we were there to eat!The food is different, smaller portions. I like the tomato bread with cheese ($8.95), beef skewers ($8.95), and the baked crab & shrimp dip with piquillo peppers - $10.95. Calamari ($9.95) was blah...have had the same thing elsewhere and not that expensive.  The roasted padron peppers a big mistake.  Overpriced chilies! It is not that spicy (to me it is like eating bell peppers but then I love spicy food so I am not the best judge) , but it is still pointless for me to eat chilies and pay $6.95 for that plate. The meatballs ($7.95) was ok but too wet for me. I prefer more crispy meatballs.  Pictures posted.The bread and dip was really good though. We filled up on that an a pitcher of sangria between both of us and we were full....not on the food but on fluids and bread.Pros: Service is good, friendly staff, easy seating, & private. Cons: Overpriced, not all food that spectacularBottom line: Great for after dinner-dates, cocktail only night, girls night to catch up. Ok to dress casual or dressy.  Even with available kids menu, I don't think this place will quench their appetities. The Chicago one is much better for family.
4	Its not easy finding cheap eats and drinks on the strip. That's why we love to hit up Ba Ba Reeba when we come to Vegas. 4-7 Happy Hour, the website says M-F but we've been there twice on the weekends and they were running the happy hour. $3 Tapas and 1/2 pitchers of Sangria, which is a Great deal in Las Vegas! My favorite Happy Hour Tapas: Spicy potatoes, Mushroom Empanada, Bacon-wrapped dates and the fried peppers. I didn't really like any of the skewers. The classic sangria and the peach sangria were my favorites! Take a pitcher to go! They will even give you to-go cups!!! Gotta love Vegas!!!
4	Pretty good Spanish place in Vegas. I was surprised at how good the food was. We have a lot of Spanish places in Miami and this is one I would frequent if we had one here.We started with the flat bread appetizer, which was good. We had to stop ourselves from eating every last bit for fear of not leaving room for our food.My wife had the Valenciana paella and I had the meat paella. Both were really good, and came piping hot in small paella pans which they then plate for you at the table.Service here was really good, too, and the restaurant had a nice decor.
4	Went here for my 3rd time. This place is great specially if you're wondering the fashion show mall and you suddenly realize you starving, and you just know the food court isn't what you had in mind...Today I got both of the specials- swordfish and the lamb (both awesome) I say,...always order the specials at a tapa place- rarely will they let you down!FYI if you want the happy hour half off tapas you have to be sitting at the bar in order to do so. Which is kind of stupid, but that's just how it goes.... the menu is smaller but hey if you want to save some that's an idea.
4	White peach sangria for the W haha. This place is on the outside of the fashion show mall and has a great darkly-lite interior with a full bar and very modern decor. Onto the food: awesome; get the paella their house specialty and don't be afraid of the mushroom empanadas they were amazing.
5	Omg. This place kicked ass. Not only was the waiter really nice, he gave us the happy hour discount even though we didn't sit by the bar (my sister is 15 so we couldn't sit there). That's 50% off for our pitcher of sangria. We had the white peach sangria and it was extremely delicious. The tapas were wonderful too. From the Pintxos menu we ordered the shrimp and egg salad on toast and the goat cheese croqueta. The flavors were simple and done perfectly. We savored our two bites. We then ordered the tomato and cheese Spanish flatbread. It was oblong shaped and really pretty. The crust was thin and crispy with a little bit of chewiness. My sister was most excited about the chicken paella. It had chunks of chicken and artichokes. Mmm my mouth is watering as I type about this dish. I do wish there were a little more crispy pieces since that's what differs a paella from a rice pilaf but the flavors were there so I'll let this one slide. Overall, this place is perfect. Cool ambiance, great food and really nice service.
4	Excellent deal on Happy Hour! it's Monday-Fridays I believe, and you have to sit at the high tables around the  bar.Most happy hour places in town are only until 6 pm, and I found out this place has it until 7. All the sangria are half off and $3 tapas (about 8 or so you can select from the happy hour menu)We tried a pitcher of their blackberry sangria (it's about 6 small glasses), beacon wrapped dates, calamari and some other stuff that i forgot the names of. But the dates and calamari are a must! it's soooo good!I didn't give it 5 stars because the lighting on the inside is very dark... I could barely see the menu. I'm sure it's more for ambiance, but they could turn up the light a little bit. Also parking in the Fashion Show has  become a pain. I went during mid-week and still spend a while looking for parking spaces in the garage.
4	this is the place to go for happy hour if you want something out of the norm! sangria + tapas dished for 50% off...if only we knew it was happy hour before having a seat in the dining area. so minus one star for that. if it wasn't for my friend who read the poster above the urinal in the restroom, we would have never knew! wish our waiter told us...but i guess that's no reason to give this review any less, because the food here is delicious... small... but delicious. i recommend the empenatas, any paella dish, and their stuffed mushrooms. what else that is awesome about this place is you can order off the strip burger menu as well. i'll be back for happy hour next time...
1	I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
1	So disappointing! We loved this place when we lived in Chicago. The biggest disappointment was that the menus are different and they didn't have our favorite tapas (octopus with potatoes). It was a slow lunch crowd, but the service was pretty spotty. We only ordered one dish plus drinks. It was so meh, that neither my husband nor I can (3 weeks later) even remember what we ate! I suppose it's just as well since we'll never come here again.
3	The white peach sangria was good, the goat cheese appetizer was tasty, and service was good, but stay away from their "paellas".  I actually could not eat the combination one I got, it was too nasty.  Paellas don't have sauce and they should also have a crust from searing in the pan.  What we got was a gloppy mess.  Inedible.Definitely okay for drinks and tapas though!
3	It's ok.  I could be snob-bish & state that it's not even close to food in Spain.  But with the economy & airfare being cheap it's definitely better to go to Barcelona, Madrid, Malaga, or Cadiz etc & enjoy the food & beauty of a dfferent world.  But I digress.  If you want a cheap version of Spanish ham, the serrano ham & caramelized pineapple will do; other best items were the short rib-stuffed piquillo pepper and the mushroom empanada.
4	This was def the best choice to in that mall plaza section on Las Vegas Blvd.  I've only had tapas a few times and I'm not completely drawn to it because it sounds like I'll order a bunch of things and still not get full.  WRONG.  Well we ordered a lot BECAUSE we were afraid of not getting full.Walked over here Sunday afternoon and there was no wait.  Awesome.  We got bread and some olive oil right away.  The olive oil was kinda bitter but I don't think its my thing. This is what we ordered: - Mahi Mahi Tapa (which was the special of the day)  very juicy with yummy veggies with it- Steamed mussels (my bf said it was good) - beef skewers (I like this one because of the carmelized onions and the spicy horseradish) - Salmon with veggies- Seafood Paella (soo yummy but remember it takes about 30 minutes to order) - Black Raspberry sangria half pitcher 16 bucks (this was my favorite part because of the fresh fruit!  You HAVE to order the SANGRIA!! I really enjoyed the food, had lots of great decorations in the restaurant, and played Spanish themed music in the background which was awesome.  Its just a bit pricey.  It was a lunch for 2 for 75 bucks not including tip.  I will probably come back for the happy hour!
4	Poor ba ba reeba, setting up shop in a veritable ghost town that is Fashion Show Mall. We entered this area only to sample the restaurant's happy hour, on recommendation from a friend.We've been to Spain, and had tapas from a variety of regions. Of course it's not the same. We're also from a town with a Spanish theme that serves tapas so painfully unrelated to Spanish food that Ba Ba Reeba is doing a decent job of Spanish tapas in a tourist strip of shiny lights and gut busting edible junk.And the happy hour prices are very good deal, especially given the area.Just my luck that I enjoy sitting and dining at the bar, since that's where the happy hour prices apply. If there'd been four of us, we'd have gotten a portion of every item on the happy hour menu, and two rounds of the pintxos. But there was just two, so we sampled perhaps half the menu.Favorite pintxos were the egg salad and shrimp on toast, and the fried goat cheese.Favorite small plates include the meatballs in tomato sauce, the jamon with cheese and olives, and the bacon-wrapped dates. We didn't go anywhere near the paella. That's one item I don't take risks on, for fear of disappointment.We shared three glasses of sangria: peach, passion fruit and cava. The cava was our favorite, light and not cloyingly sweet.My top pick, though, was the bread and olive oil that comes to the table. The bread really did remind of eating in Spain. A little firm, a little chewy and the olive oil had a strong nutty, grassy flavor, like the simple rustic oil I had in southern Spain. Put some better salt on the table, a little wild thyme in my pocket, and a sherry in my hand, and I'm back in a cafe in Las Negras. Our bartender did everything right, coming by just when we may have needed her, fretted on our behalf that the bread hadn't come out yet, asked how we liked this and that, and never hovered. Bonus: once you're inside, no obvious noises and lights of casinos.
4	Food was good. Was also able to sit outside in the middle of February, not bad. It's tapas though, which means high prices, small dishes. This holds true. Just make sure you order enough quantity for your table, I think the quality is good.
1	One of the few restaurants that I went to without checking the yelp review and I have to warn you it is dissapointing. The best part of the entire experience was the sangria. All the tapas we ordered were bland. It was so bad that we did not even bother with the paella or the desert. I would never go back here. What a waste of a good location and ambience.
1	closed 2/14/10
3	Good place to get tapas on the strip.If you like cured meats and cheese they have a good variety here. Good selection of Spanish cuisine.
5	I have been here five or six times, and each time I have had a great experience.  The food is very good, and is also reasonably priced.  The sangria is delicious, and the atmosphere is very cool.  They do a great job with big groups as they have two rooms that are both very nice and private.  If you are on the strip and like tapas you have to try this place.
3	The tapas here were whateves, nothing really stood out to me, the menu was very limited and simple, I think I'll stick to Firefly on Paradise Rd., my first love. But I must admit it was a cute restaurant with nice romantic lighting, cute decor, and decent service; doubt I'll be back for tapas though.
3	name changed to El Segundo Sol but website remains cafebabareeba.com
4	Had some good times and great happy hours here.  Sad to see it go.This place has been CLOSED since February 15th.http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2010/2/4/16133/96259/vegas-travel/Cafe_Ba_Ba_Reeba_To_Close_on_February_15
1	Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
5	Tapas. Perfect. White peach sangria. Perfect. The garlic shrimp is a must. Dip everything in the garlic sauce. Perfect sizes. Even the desserts were delectible.
3	CLOSED Las Vegas location only open in Chicago.
5	It was the best Tapas in Vegas and for the price, would probably still be(even with the addition of serrano and Jaleo).  I miss this place!
4	Yay! I'm a fan. I mean I USED to be a fan. This is one of those places that make you a little sad when they close the doors. Hubby and I used to ritually come here for lunch and drinks while in Vegas every trip. I'm going to miss those little tomato toasts with the Serrano ham. They were the MOST PERFECT hangover food EVER. RIP, you will be missed!
