4	I know, I am giving a chain breakfast place a 4. But you know, it was good. Imagine a sit down place that might as well be fast food. The kitchen setup is roughly the same with a well oiled machine of an assembly line working. The menu looks a bit like Denny's but with less choices. The prices are a bit more than you would expect to spend at a place like this, but the food amount is worth it. The waitresses go to the tables, take the order, go back behind the counter and call out the order. And it has to be done a certain way too. There is a lead and three other people cooking, each with their specific job. The lead is handling the bread and the waffle irons. The others deal with the potatoes, eggs, and meats. The basic meal is eggs, potatoes, bacon or sausage and toast. You can substitute grits for the potatoes. We ordered "1 scrambled, grits, bacon over cooked, wheat and 1 scrambled, potatoes scattered, bacon, sourdough." And proceeded to watch the production continue. It was fun to see the whole thing and how quickly our food came out. No written orders were kept in front of the cooks, it was all by memory. There were a few people learning different rolls and funny to see them picking up all the nuances of the waffle house machine. The food was good. A bit greasy, but lots of food and fast. Its good if you just want to get some average breakfast food and get on your way to something else.
5	How I love you Waffle House....When I see your awkward plain square yellow letters...W...A...F....F....L...E.....H....O....U....S...E....I truly light up inside.....you have been my inspiration to continue driving on many of my road trips.....I just keep going and going and going...from one waffle house to the next through out the whole country......sometimes I am unfaithful to you and swing in to Cracker Barrel...but you always get me first..they get your sloppy seconds......Yes I can see your sign in my mind right now.....I swing in and almost sprint inside....I force myself in between to fat smelly truck drivers at the counter...and then I wait for the oh so ugly staff with the lazy eye and missing teeth to ask my for my order.( I wonder if having a lazy eye is a job requirement at Waffle House ).....no need for a menu...I know....I always know.....I want the cheese egg special that comes with raison toast ,apple butter and yummy ass hashbrowns ( be careful in some states it comes with nasty ass grits ).......sometimes I get a double order of eggs......and a diet coke ofcourse.....Then I watch as the even uglier sweaty cooks go to work on my breakfast...my mouth waters...not even the stench of the fat truck driver staring a my tits next to me....can stop my excitement...my tongue waits to lick the plate...greesy cheesy goodness....no need to have any class here....as I look around at another truck driver picking his nose in the corner.....I dream of Waffle House.....and my 3 dollar breakfast...its the first place I stop as soon as I leave California.....God how I wish we had one in my State
3	Waffle House, I can't give you five stars for awesomeness, but you deserve at least a couple stars for being open 24 hours and feeding a hungry girl with a late night craving of waffles and eggs.  This place is the typical diner fare, but for a fraction of the price.  Don't expect haute cuisine.... but you'll be happy with the cheap eats and friendly service.
5	oh waffle house gods in the sky. thank you for arranging the stars so the good egg had a wait. i know your feelings may have been hurt because a certain someone didn't have her heart set on partaking in a meal at your restaurant. but i love you, even though the tables are gnarly, the silverware is kinda clean, the floor is not to be made eye contact with and it is advisable to drink your beverage with a straw. and we with the help from the wait gods got three more waffle house converts out of a meal. our server was fantastic. she apologized because they were short staffed yet she was accommodating in every way. she exceeded all of our waffle house expectations. we had a little bit of everything and you can't go wrong with anything. get the hash browns all the way - it's a style, not a request. the burgers are good diner burgers too. y'all it's not a high class place. it's cheesy greasy, tasty and cheap. but it's f*(king delicious! and CA needs to get one.
2	For a place open 24 hours it was a welcome site. Remembering a couple of years ago staying at the Hilton Garden Inn that was across from this place. We had arrived to late to find some decent place in Scottsdale and even the hotel seemed like it wouldn't do. We arrived and sat down at the counter looking over the menu. It was front and back and there was a variety of items to eat. It was strange eating breakfast at night, but then again there's always Denny's right? Well we sat down and started to stare at the menu trying to decide. I ended up ordering a grill chicken sandwich and that being the only thing I ate as a true meal it was decent. I did want to try the waffles to compare it to Country Waffles, but I didn't want to feel really full. It was decent and made to order which was nice. However, sitting where I was sitting I knew most of the items on the menu were prepared before hand. The salads were done and placed into bowls ready to be served on a plate. The orange juice was in a machine that keeps running to make sure it's not sitting still was scary. It looked like one of those machines you see at Orange Julius. The orange juice was in buckets ready to be refilled. Overall, I thought it was a little creepy and disturbing in the restaurant. If I had a choice I'd make sure that the airlines would have informed us that the luggage was already set a side. I wished that we'd got back into town to eat at a real restaurant before everything closed. Good for a snack, but not a place I'd want to return to unless desperate.
1	ew. i will never go back. just thinking about my experience makes me want to vom.
4	You know, this may be a huge chain, but this one works like a well oiled machine on crack.  I kid you not, the husband and I were in and out of here with full bellies in a matter of 23 minutes.  This location is certainly one of the nicer looking ones and it offers some of the best people watching ever.  Almost as good as the airport!  Service here is great; fast, efficient, and no-nonsense.  The food here is good, exactly as good as you expect from the Waffle House.  Don't come here expecting anything more refined than Denny's and you will be a happy camper like me.
5	Waffle Houses are bomb but this one is my favorite.  Not only is it 24 hours but it is super clean and well lit.  There are totally some seedy people who go here but their conversations just make for very interesting background noise.  As far as the food, the prices are cheap, the menu is semi-a-la-carte and the the waffles are amazingly crisp and perfect.  This is THE Waffle House to visit.  Go now, do it.  How good does a waffle sound right now anyways?  That's right, Pretty Damn Good.
3	Great place to stop. The service was good and so was the food. Simple menu with all the basics.  This joint is pretty small though but still a good stop for early or late breakfast.
3	This is a good place for breakfast when you are traveling in Phoenix. The menu is small, but the food is good. How many places can you find Raisin Toast??? My only complaint was that some of the wait-staff didn't pay attention when I gave my order and I sometimes had to ask for my check. Otherwise, it's a good, inexpensive breakfast!
4	Good place to eat...nice waitresses and clean
5	Late night great food as always.  Very clean, and staff was awesome.
3	Breakfast here yesterday.  The waiter, Danny, was new but very nice even though he messed up my order.  I didn't bother to tell him and ate it anyway.  Had a lite waffle for $2.75.  It was the softest, mussiest waffle I have ever had but tasted amazing.  I also got the regular size hashbrowns ($1.60) with sauteed onions (.25) and cheese (.30).  What I had wanted was hashbrowns with onion and mushrooms.   Everything tasted good though and was a decent size.I will go back because both breakfast and lunch/dinner are served 24 hours a day and the food is downright CHEAP.  A grilled cheese sandwhich is less than $2, ect.  An easy place to take the kids.
3	A waffle, eggs and hashbrowns to go was not such a good idea.  Never eat waffles to go as they soggy.  I have to admit it wasn't bad but I'd rather eat my waffles at the restaurant next time to enjoy them crispier. :)
3	My friends and I had our first visit to a Waffle House this week for a late-night nibble.  We were surprised when we asked the waitress (who was super nice) what was good, she said, "Not the waffles."  We ordered a regular waffle anyway and it looked and tasted like a big Eggo.  It wasn't that great, but it wasn't expensive at all, so we got what we paid for.  I'm sure it's great for drunk people late at night.
5	Great service! Great Breakfast food!! The hashbrowns are awesome! Scattered Smothered Baby!!!
2	This is actually the first time I have ever been to a Waffle House. My husband's cousin talks about going here all the time, so I had to check it out.Our server was friendly and she even was able to incorporate the phrase " sausage fest " into our brief conversations. In other instances this would have annoyed me because of how inappropriate it was in this setting, but while staring at her huge pregnant belly, I could do nothing but laugh.The food was not good. The sausage gravy was way too salty, eggs were way under-cooked, waffles were average, coffee was alright ( served in a lipstick stained mug the first go around ), sausage and bacon were below average, hash browns were limp, mushy, and flavorless.I would only return to a Waffle House if this was my ONLY option.
5	There's not a Waffle House in our area. So I've been eyeing this one for a long time waiting for the right opportunity to check it out since I've always enjoyed the Waffle House in my travels to Atlanta. It so happens that they were paving our street and my wife and I had to get out of the house early a couple of weeks ago.You seat yourself at the Waffle House and then the waitress comes over and takes your drink order. I also ordered the two waffle plate with water which came to $4.20 after tax. The waffles were excellent after coating them with soft butter and syrup. If I can editorilize a little bit here, this is soft butter, not the hard butter pellets that have been sitting in the freezer. It makes a big difference for me in enjoying the meal. You should never have to melt your own butter.In conclusion, the food is affordable, tastes great and the service and A/C work just fine.
5	Food hot and fresh.....the service was good too.  Loved the biscuts and hashbrowns! Will be back for sure!
5	I love their omelettes and hashbrowns! Also, I love how everyone always yells out, "Hello" whenever you walk in!!
4	So I went into Waffle House to get my sweet tea fix- since I live in Arizona good sweet tea like thy make in the south is hard to come by... If you are looking for genuine southern nitty gritty greasy good ol' fashion food-search no longer! Sure the place inside my smell and May not look the cleanest but hey then again all the BEST PLACES have something wrong with them haha The PRICE IS JUST RIGHT! The service is without a doubt southern hospitality! Vicky Woods was so kind enough to give me a FREE WAFFLE coupon for ONE FREE WAFFLE next time comes back
4	This was my first waffle house I dined at outside the south where the place belongs. I need southern accents and trailer trash working in waffle house's, not phoenix college boys and girls. In that respect, it was a downner and also nobody conversed with me at the counter about anything and I was the only person at the counter. Usually there is some give and take in the deep south about some subject. Anyway, the food was still the same. I usually never vary from a Pecan waffle and a small order of hash brown covered and smothered with an orange juice. The waffle area was a holy mess of batter (a good thing) and the cook was an older lady who didn't have much personality, but the waffle and browns hit the spot. Kinda pricey these days at $9.07 for that meal.   Perhaps the lone excitement occurred during my favorite part of the WH experience - the order call out. Waitress yells for bacon on the grill for a sandwich and after cook throws it on grill, she says, Oh, that should have been sausage, which led to a fairly short conversation about how that was a big mistake and where does sausage come from on the pig dialogue. Comical, but not enough attitude in the air.
4	One of my oldest and dearest friends is in town visiting his family and called me at 2:30am asking if I wanted to meet up for a cup of coffee & conversation. I suggested this Waffle House. As always, the coffee was hot, delicious & fresh. We shared a breakfast wrap, eggs and waffles. Server was awesome and the food arrived quickly -- food was yuumilious. I can always count on Waffle House to be there for me when I'm in need of comfort foods and sharing times with good friends. Thanks, Waffle House!
4	Branched out to the salad world here at Waffle House. Had my second salad there last night and these things are pretty good if your hell bent on staying healthy and Waffle House is your only option. The chicken walnut apple salad was last night's choice and on top of salad mix was a full grilled chicken breast chopped up and walnuts, some apples I believe, dried cranberry and red peppers also. The one salad dressing they include is never enough, so ask for two, but at $7, this salad is a surprise winner and bargain at the House.
1	I have been to many Waffle Houses before, but this one is gross. I had to get up and leave due to general lack of cleanliness. We sat down at a "just cleaned" table which still had a big smudge of syrup or jam on it, then we grabbed our menus which also had finger-smudged gunk all over them. I ordered an ice tea and the aftertaste of it was gross... it had been over-brewed. It was incredibly cold in there as well, which was totally unnecessary considering the temperature outside was in the 70's. Yet they had the AC on full blast and I was uncomfortably chilly. The final straw for me was when I saw a small group of flies buzzing around next to the window near my table... at first I didn't think anything of it; I thought they were outside the window. But then I noticed they were all actually inside, and if I can see that many flies right at my table, there must be quite a few roaming freely inside the restaurant. Overall lack of cleanliness made us get up and leave. I shall not come back to this particular Waffle House.
3	Food was good. Atmosphere was not for me, definetly a neighborhood hang out.
4	Good waffles, I guess they should have since that's what their name is....lolAsked for crispy bacon but not as the way I like it.
3	First time dinner visit. Ordered the hamburger with hash browms, they don't have fries. Got back to hotel with food. My mistake, I should've checked before I left. There was No fork to eat the hash browns, no napkins, and no ketchup. the Burger was okay, guess I should stick to their waffles.
2	Nice restaurant and the food was really good, but the service was horrible! Our waitress was rude, and forgot part of our order after she took forever to bring our food out
1	I've been to a Waffle House before and the service was top notch and super fast so I was excited to try this one out. I came on a Sunday morning and the lady taking names didn't even greet me and was super rude, she also said the wait would be 15-20 minutes and we waited for almost an hour. When getting seated I noticed several dirty napkins utensils on the floor. then a young lady named Britney came to give us our drinks, she rudely asked "who's the coffee for?" we then waited for another 45 mins for our food and when we had to get up to ask for our waffles! when our waffles came they were cold and Britney rudely came back to take the plates we were done with and we could clearly hear her complaining about our table to another employee. there was never an apology for the wait or delay in our food. the whole staff looked very unprofessional and we're running around like they had no idea what to do. I'm only giving this place one star because I don't have the option for zero stars.bottom line is there are other waffle houses in Phoenix and I definitely recommend going to another. the food is mediocre. the service, attitude and cleanliness are beyond poor. I will not be visiting this Waffle House again!
4	Great service, friendly staff. Hash browns were tasty and kids loved the waffles. Diner styled atmosphere. Safe area. Waitress gave us a free waffle which was nice. Coffee was good. Very satisfied for what it is.
2	This isn't the best waffle house in the area. We went there to try a different one. We sat at the counter and felt uncomfortable the whole time. The manager, I'm assuming, was yelling and barking orders at the staff the whole time. We felt bad for the other cook working with her. When we got our food it wasn't comparable to other waffle house restaurants. We got our food really spread out too. My friend got her hash  browns first (which weren't as good as other locations) then 5 minutes later I got my biscuits and gravy. As we were finishing those we remembered we had ordered waffles. We got those like 10 minutes after all the other food. Mine was like half over done. It was Medioric. Overall, mehh.  We wouldn't go to this one again.
4	I've been coming here for years, always in the middle of the night because it's across the street from my data center, and I always leave here full and happy. The servers are always friendly and the foods cooked quickly and to order. It's not the best breakfast in town, but it's probably better than you can make at home... and with none of the cleanup work. Waffle House seems to get a bad rep, be it for the food, cleanliness, or servers... but there's nothing bad to write home about here. Give them a try... I'll bet you'll leave happy too!
1	I definitely agree with Amy A.'s review.I came here tonight (a Tuesday evening around 5:00). I could count on my hand the number of other people in the place. There were two servers and one cook. The other people already had their food. We sat down and still waited 5-10 minutes before a server came and greeted us, asking what we'd like to drink. We each ordered a coffee and I a drink. Another 10 minutes go by before we get our coffee...but no water! She took our food order...pork chops for me and eggs for who I was with. Not a hard order. 30 minutes later they finally come back and my water is still no where to be seen (it came a couple minutes later).The pork chops were rubbery and had nothing to them. It came with hashbrowns and salad from a bag. Her scrambled eggs weren't cooked all the way. When we asked for more coffee she didn't come back. We finally had enough and got up to go. Can you believe that the server had lost our ticket? So she made up some number and charged us.Never coming back and this experience has put me off from any Waffle House. The place was unsanitary: flies, gross build up on the table edges, sticky floor, splotches on the tables, etc. You'd think this Waffle House in particular would look much better and have better service being so close to a decent hotel and sort of off the I-10. The location at Baseline and Priest is much better. They're normally packed but deliver impeccable service. Doesn't matter we're not going to any one of these places again. 1 star is too much.
1	I have given this place so many chances and now I am done with this location and maybe Waffle House in general. The skinny By no means do I expect Waffle House to be a 5 star restaurant but what I do expect is a clean and friendly place and this place never gets it right I have been there 6 times (no car closest food chain)  as I work around the corner. Out of those 6x only once did I see a worker that I had seen before this place seems to have a high turnover rate. They made a few mistakes such as giving me the wrong burger (I order the lunch special 5$ double burger with drink combo) they tried to charge me for wrong burger and I had to tell them that I ordered special which I always say can I have the 5$ burger special to avoid confusion after a brief argument she gave me the special price. The food is ok I don't expect it to be great but it's not bad. The very last time I went there, there was 2 employees one cool one waitress they seemed to be texting and getting calls from friends on the work line as it kept going off and they would have small quiet conversations with. When I ordered the special the cook seemed to be upset over me disrupting his convo he finished my burger literally in 2 minutes he gave me a small plate with just burger no hash browns and my drink. He asked how my burger tasted I advised it seemed under cooked and not that great which he laughed and walked away I didn't finish burger. When I went up to pay she charged me for the special I let her know I did order the special and that  I didn't get my hash browns she deducted .60c when I asked if that's how much hash browns cost she replied rudely and barked yes I paid with no tip and as I was leaving could hear her complain about it I let them know how I felt and how unprofessional they were and left. The cook was also cursing out loud as he thought I would be cool enough to not say anything. Even if I was starving and had a free lunch coupon would I ever go back to this place.
1	Came in and the restaurant was very empty. We sat down and were greeted later by a waitress that was too busy talking to her friend to even greet us. They were very unpleasant and vulgar and the food was terrible. Don't go.
2	I can't see how this place has as many stars as it does. Maybe I came on a bad night.A night where I wanted to order a chicken wrap and found that if I wanted lettuce or tomatoes then I would be charged extra. When the girl came back and asked if I wanted tomatoes on my salad I asked "are you going to charge me extra for them?"A night where the salad dressing packet was covered in some other type of dressing. A night where I saw a fly land on the chefs towel and where he proceeded to wipe his spatula with said towel. A night where I saw a patron at the bar area holding his hand roughly three feet off the bar. Curious to why he was doing that, my questions were answered when he slammed his hand down on a fly (unconfirmed if it was the same fly who rested earlier on the towel) and then lightly brushed the stunned yet permanently disabled insect over the counter. The saving grace was music over the speakers playing Micheal Jackson. Most likely will not return unless I'm in Phoenix and for some reasons they are the only place on the planet that has waffle mix.
3	Waffle HousePretty standard where ever you eat at one.  Service at this one is also descent.Waffle House seems to keep raising their prices every 3-6 months.  They are becoming a little expensive for breakfast compare to their competition like IHOP and Denny's.
1	This piece of shit place doesn't even answer the phone. How are THEY still in business with SUCH SHIT SERVICE!!!!
2	Greasy, low quality, disgusting food. It's getting 2 stars because the waitress was friendly and the menu doesn't pull any punches: the pictures look exactly like what you get. But what you get is pretty bad. A friend ordered breakfast patties, they were maybe slightly larger than quarters. The hash browns had the consistency of greasy noodles. The signature waffle was just ok, but nowhere near good. How these chains are all over the country I have no idea. Sorry, America.
2	This was my first time eating breakfast here and it wasn't all that.  I paid  $25.00 (includes $5 tip)  and a guest to eat breakfast.  I had cheesy eggs, hash browns, raisin toast, bacon and coffee.  He had 1 waffle, bacon, eggs, hash browns and biscuit.  The food was unseasoned and the coffee pot looked gross. When I mentioned that to the waitress, she said the inside was clean and ran her finger along the inside to show me her finger??? Most of the tables were dirty, and I waited until one was cleaned for us. Also, I'm a BIG woman and had to squeeze into their booth table.  So, if you're heavyset, I highly recommend that you sit at the counter.I left feeling full, but unsatisfied.  Wish I had followed my first mind and went to IHOP's. Or, better yet, cooked my own breakfast at home but I was "paying it forward" by treating someone who needed a "real" meal and not McDonald's dollar menu.
4	What can one say about Waffle House????Texas bacon cheesesteak (somehow trademarked) melt with hash browns smothered, covered and topped (with Bert's chili, again trademarked). Tastes great, but I'm sure it shortened my life!
5	Great service and great food! Never have I felt more welcome at a Waffle House. After having dinner there last night, my husband forgot his wallet. The employees went out of there way to find him on Facebook and send him a message to let him know where it was. Thanks guys! The food was wonderful too!
4	I had never been to a Waffle House. Most have been in less than great places and screamed stay away. This one is clean and neat (mostly) and everybody said "good morning" or "welcome". Food was better than expected and served quickly. One complaint is the waffle was not that hot and cooled off. Coffee was nice and hot tho. Like they said in the movies "I will be back"
5	First time coming with a buddy/co worker of mine when i got here they were cleaning the grills so i had to wait 40 mins but i was willing to wait they were very friendly and were very welcoming  as soon as we ordered we waited 5 to 10 mins for our food but it was worth it i had buttermilk pancakes with a sweet tea and scrambled eggs
2	I love waffles. I love hashbrowns.This waffle house suuuuuucks. The service is piss poor and they can't get orders straight. I asked for cream for my growing cold coffee twice, I got the wrong order of hashbrowns and no syrup for my waffle.Keep in mind I am super easy to please (that's what she said). Our server kept her head buried down at the register for most of our meal. Get it together.Oh, just drive to the one on the 101 and University.
