4	Best hangover food on the planet! Their Macho Beef Burrito is fantastic! I like all of their Mexican items as well, but the burgers and American fare is just OK, nothing to talk about one way or another. Its clean and bright inside if you decided to dine in.
1	When i used to get off at midnight I'd go here. almost every time the tacos were messed up and thrown together, order messed up multiple times.
4	I know. It's Del Taco. But it was so good. I'm tired, hungover and not in the mood to sit in a restaurant and be around people today. Our drive-through order was perfect and error free. They gave us lots of napkins and a mountain of Del Scorcho sauce. Food was hot, fresh and just what we expected. Now I can nap with a full and happy tummy.
3	When I'm in need of a quick meal and there's a Del Taco nearby, I will definitely stop by.  I happened to be in the area, so I dropped by and ordered my usual Veggie Works Burrito, $2.89 & Deluxe Bean Burrito, $2.78.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xvrkd0c5E7sl9KuY-IMHIA?select=NPwUw8CWHpdfjKEUucK_nAThe service was fast and accurate.  The food was consistent with other Del Taco locations.....it won't win any culinary awards, but it's cheap & filling.  This location was very clean and the employees were friendly.  Overall, a decent experience.Return Factor - 80%
4	This place is roughly 4mi from my house so it's not convenient, and it is right across the street from 24hr subway so I don't go here often enough when I'm over here for late night food, but I love their cheap tacos and their 99cent churros. Never had a problem as far as customer service goes, the staff is friendly unlike most McDonald's and Jack in the boxes. Would recommend somebody to go here for cheap mexican food, I actually prefer their cheap tacos to Taco Bell's 89cent tacos
1	Nothing special about this place - made me kinda sick after I ate here.  If you want mexican, this place just doesn't come close to good 'ol Taco Bell.
3	This location is in an area of town that I don't frequent too often.  However, sometimes I get a craving for one of their menu items and I will make the drive to satisfy that craving....which is what I did the other week.I ordered my usual Veggie Works Burrito and Bean Burrito.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-taco-phoenix-12?select=0Ah0PlxDfEiJCGbr82_-Ow#0Ah0PlxDfEiJCGbr82_-OwWhile I was waiting for my order, I noticed a Claw Machine in the corner!  This Claw phenomenon is all over the place now....LOLhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-taco-phoenix-12?select=5XHgX35n_FhQnRzeHVCaSg#5XHgX35n_FhQnRzeHVCaSgThe food is average Del Taco food and came out fast.Return Factor - 60%
4	It's Del Taco - I expect dirty, delicious tacos, fries that I'm certain are clogging arteries and cheesecake bites that melt in the mouth.  I got exactly what I expected.  Store was clean, cashier was friendly and the food was served up quick.  It's definitely a step up from Taco Hell.  If you go in expecting anything other than the afore mentioned things, you'll be disappointed.  If you order something other than tacos from a place called "Del Taco," you'll also be disappointed.  Overall: A-  The location is a bit off the beaten path of places to go, but it's clean, staff is friendly and sometimes you just want a dirty taco and fries!
3	Tuesday night is taco night! Thirty-nine cent tacos that can't be beaten for the price. Admittedly, cheap tacos aren't a great selling point for your average Yelp foodie, but they are heaven on earth for the four and five year olds who typically accompany me to Del Taco. These picky eaters ate four and two tacos respectively on our last visit and split a churro for dessert. Sure, the tacos are a bit small, but they are surprisingly good quality. Much less greasy than your typical Taco Bell beef taco. Also great the way the restaurant places a basket of assorted taco sauce on each table. I'm not a fan of much of the rest of the menu, but Del Taco nicely fills the "cheap Tuesday night out" niche for our family.
