4	Subs, Heroes, Hoagies call them whatever you want The Steak and Hoagie Shop has the best hoagies in Charlotte. This is a Greek restaurant and sandwich shop where they make their bread fresh.  The bread is so warm, soft and full of flavor that it is the perfect compliment to the fresh meat and ingredients that makes these hoagies so good.  You can also get Gyro's, Panini's and other Mediterranean style food here, but the best things to get are the hoagies.  My personal favorites are the New Jersey, which is very similar to a Philly Steak and Cheese, except it has better cheese, more onions, a delicious olive oil.  And the Italian, which combines the fresh bread with delicious meats and a great olive oil sauce, to make the perfect hoagie; big, full of meat and cheese (on the Italian they use provolone, my favorite) and delicious.  If you like hoagies then you need to try this place, they have several locations around Charlotte, but my favorite is the shop on Eastway.  Get a half gallon of sweet tea, and you are ready to have the best lunch ever.
4	Had to stop by when i saw philly cheese steak in neon lights from the road. Yes its in a bad part of town but most gems are hole in the walls and this is a great one. I had the original with just cheese onions and meat and it was one of the best ive had in charlotte. The greek potatoes where a great compliment to the meal and for right at 8 dollars for a 13 inch sub your not going to find a better deal.
4	I used to go to the Steak and Hoagie / Grekos at Sharon Amity and Monroe until they closed due to road construction 2 years ago. I had seen the one on Eastway but its not the greatest part of town and about 5 miles from my business. Today it popped into my head and myself and 5 coworkers decided to try it. This place is going on the lunch rotation! Rotisserie Chicken - awesome, Greek salad- excellent, roasted potatoes- greasy and delicious. According to coworkers the chicken parm sandwich and cheesesteak were also good as was the Grecian chicken. They didn't have the Teriyaki chicken today but if my memory serves me it was fantastic. The prices are from 1995. 1/4 Chicken 2 sides and garlic bread $5.85. Great food, large portions, very reasonable price.
4	Excellent LARGE subs! Greek owned. TIGHT parking. Rough neighborhood. Divey.
5	I agree with the other yelper as the location is not in the best spot, kinda rough neighborhood.Besides that, lord do they have the best subs, or should I say sub, cause i always get the same type. Bacon Ranch I believe is the name of it. Good gollie MISS Mollie... I can eat this sub 7 days a week. Of course I'd be 350 in 3 months, but hey, who ain't these days. OK, just playing. but seriously this sub is the best. The only downside is the bread seems to sit in my stomach for 2 days, makes me look a little fat.Service is always top notch and the cashier always remembers me and knows what I'm getting. I might go there too much, what you think?
2	One word...Nasty. I just recently moved to the university area and I was craving a Philly cheesesteak. I tried this place and I was highly disappointed. Only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because the pasta salad was great. The sandwich however was terrible. Hard bread, barely enough cheese to cover the meat, and the meat was dry and hard. I asked for mayo on the sandwich and I don't even think it was on there. When I got home I added more cheese, and A1 sauce just to make it edible. I won't go back.
4	Great food amazing price.. lost a star for menu selection and not having a good chip variety.. All in all amazing phillys and great customer service.. also a awesome hangout lots of servicemen eat here!
5	The subs are the best! A bit pricey,  but good food. The neighborhood is definitely improving.  Check out the crime stats on charmeck.org if you don't think so.Neighborhood just won 2014 City of Charlotte's  Neighborhood Leadership Award for embracing diversity.  Only six similar awards were given out and this neighborhood earned one of the six!
