1	I've been to a couple of there locations. The service was never good. I would literally look around trying to find help. When I did get help the person could not answer my questions about the products. My money will never go to Ultimate Electronics.
4	I was really impressed with his Ultimate Electronics.  We were in the mood to shop for a new TV and we decided to see what UE has to offer.  We walked in and were greeted by at least 3 employees.  That's always nice to be acknowledged.  We wandered over to the TV's and it was a couple minutes before anyone came over.  I don't know if that was on purpose, but I do appreciate having some time to myself before I get hounded by a salesman.  The guy that came over, I want to say his name is Phil, was really great.  He was very knowledgeable about all their products and was kind of funny in a sarcastic type of way.  He showed us what they have to offer that fit our criteria and then he left and let us deliberate and what not.  I really appreciated his knowledgeable but not forcible approach.  While we didn't buy a TV that day, I feel like when we do, if we end up choosing a product that this store carries, I would be happy coming back here to make my purchase.
5	I had a great experience with this Ultimate Eletonics!  I came in  to see what they had in the way of carpet cleaners (only one I think) and coffee makers (didn't have the one I want) and as long as I was in here I took a walk-thru to other sections because you just never know what you'lll find in a new store.  I happened onto their clearance section, and there was just what I'd been looking for in San Diego unsuccessfully but  hadn't found yet, and wouldn't have thought to look for in here.  It was a small speaker abou the size of a basketball that picked up a wireless signal from a transmitter you connect to another device to receive a wireless signal in another room (or outdoors).  I like to listen to the Sirius Radio stations I ge t on my Satellite TV when I'm in the kitchen but hate having to turn the bedroom TV up full blast to be able to hear it in the kitchen area.  Just as I was analysing the unit, a salesman came in the area I was in and was able to answer most of my questions about it.  I felt confident this was what I'd been lookiong for and he rang it up for me.  I was so glad I'd taken the time to take a look around before leaving.  And the service I got was as good as it gets.  When I track down my paperwork I'll add his name here.  If I have electronic needs the next time I'm in town I will definitely stop in here to see what they have again.
