5	This Aamco was awesome!  My friend referred me to this shop to get a second opinion after going to the dealership.  Thankfully I did because the head guy, Wendel, was able to give me an accurate assessment and do what exactly what needed to be done.  It turns out that the dealership was 100% wrong.  In addition to saving money, I now also have a Honda that runs perfectly straight.
5	This was my second repair with Aamco. The shop fixed things that another car repair place had cut corners on which caused my car to need additional work done. Wendel is always upfront with the estimate and communicates with the customer every step in the process. No surprises when the bill comes, no "hidden" fees, shop charges, etc. I would recommend this Aamco to anyone seeking high quality, fair priced auto or truck repair.
5	This is a very old Aamco location. The owner of this shop also owns a new shop on Thunder Bird and the 101 on the west side of Phoenix. Wendel Waggoner said he's been at this location for 10 years. The transmission rebuilder has been there for 35 years. Some of the mechanics have been at that location for 10 to 35 years.  Everyone I saw was very knowledgeable and professional.Because of the experience of their technicians, they were able to quickly diagnoses and repair the problem with transmission.I spent part of Friday afternoon and all of Saturday morning in their waiting room. I have worked on cars all my life and this is what I noticed. Wendel is a very good communicator. He is very knowledgeable, friendly, and professional.  He never recommended repairs that weren't needed. He tried to save customers money by prioritizing repairs, and treated everyone with the highest respect.I highly recommend this shop.
5	I cannot thank Wendel enough for all the help and peace of mind after I needed to have my transmission replaced suddenly. They put me at ease and walked me through every step until it was done. I refuse to take my car to anyone else! Thank you again!
3	A few  months ago I gave this shop a  glowing 5-star review based on limited experience. I can no longer recommend them.  I was not comfortable when I first walked into this shop and almost walked out. I should have trusted my instincts. I would not go back there again for diagnostic work and troubleshooting.   Here's the new review.There are many good things to say about Aamco Transmissions on Dunlap and 8825 N Black Canyon Road, Phoenix AZ 5021.Unfortunately their mechanics were not able to correctly diagnose and troubleshoot the problem with my transmission.PROS:1. Wendel takes the time to explain everything. He makes every customer feel important and is excellent at multi tasking. Wendel is a very good sales person too. If you're not technically savvy, you'll be convinced he is trying to save you money by doing only the necessary repairs.2. Professional mechanics with a good working knowledge of how to use tools and do repairs neatly.3. They followed up by email a couple days later to see if I was satisfied with the work they did. CONS:1. Inability to diagnose basic transmission problems correctly.2. They recommended parts and services I didn't need.3. They wasted over 3 full days of my time and were unable to fix the severe vibration.4. Even though they sent me a follow up email to see if I was happy, they did not reply to my complaints. I offered them a chance to make things right but they haven't got back to me. It's been 3 months. Thus I've decided to post my experience online for your benefit.Background Information:I spent $2791.64 replacing my  4L80e  transmission because the rest of my 1995 Chevy G30 van is in very good condition. AAMCO Flagstaff installed a remanufactured AAMCO transmission with a 50,000 mile 3 year warranty. The vehicle shook violently after the transmission was replaced. They insisted the transmission was working perfectly  and the problem was my engine.I brought my truck to AAMCO, 8825 N Black Canyon Rd., Phoenix, AZ for a second opinion. Diagnosis.Steve and Carl told me I needed new mounts for my engine and transmission. $350 later, the shake was still there. Rodney (their transmission builder for 28 years) said I needed a new torque converter. They replaced it under warranty but the shake was even worse.They spent the entire next day taking my engine apart (without asking permission or telling me in advance). I was pissed but didn't say anything because I wanted them to put the engine back together neatly. I had just done a tune up on it a week earlier. Carl told me my engine was bad  because a cold compression test on my Chevy 350 V8 with 169,000 miles  ranged from 130 to 165 psi.If you're a mechanic, you know those readings are not perfect but but not enough to cause severe shaking.The engine ran smooth when they separated the transmission from the engine. But according to Wendel, the engine caused severe shaking under load.The engine doesn't burn oil and the vehicle had no vibration before the transmission was replaced.  Essentially without saying it directly, Wendel was accusing me of being a liar, insisting that my engine shook violently before AAMCO replaced the transmission. I 'just didn't notice it.'Carl and Wendel told me the cheapest and best thing I could do is replace the engine instead of repairing it  The cost be $5000. Wendel took a test drive with me.  He said he had already proved with a compression test that my engine was 'misfiring' and was getting angry as I explained that the shaking started the same day the transmission was replaced.Then he looked at my oil pressure gauge which was reading about 19 at idle and 60 at higher RPM's as additional proof that my engine was bad. If you're a mechanic you know this is normal for my vehicle.Wendel would not guarantee that replacing my engine would fix the shaking, hut said they couldn't go any farther with a diagnosis unless I paid $5000 for a new engine.I calmly stated that I would be taking the vehicle to another shop for second opinion before replacing my engine. This made him very angry. I didn't see any point in arguing.  You can't reason with a man who is emotionally upset. I calmly left.It's been about 3 months since they worked on my truck. It still shakes badly plus the transmission is getting more and more noisy. Sometimes it squeals between shifts. It just a matter of time before it leaves me stranded somewhere. Ron Safford, the owner of this AAMCO shop sent me an email asking for feedback. I replied that I was not happy and why. He still hasn't got back to me.AAMCO's are independently owned. Ron Safford,  owner of AAMCO,  8825 N. Black Canyon Freeway, Dunlap and I-17 also owns a second new location in Peoria AZ  on Thunderbird and the 101 on the west side of town. 14131 N. Rio Vista Blvd, Peoria, AZ just west of the 101 and the Thunderbird.
