5	Amazing burger -- been 3 times and just opened. Tasty fries and great shakes too! I have upgraded from the single to the double uniburger now ! Perfect ! *** Went back again yesterday ! Even better -- highly addictive burgers & fries!
5	Best burger in Montreal no need to say more
5	There's no gimmicks or catches, chicken burgers or combos and trios; Uniburger is a straight up classic burger joint where you' go to scarf down solid burgers and wash them down with bottomless cups from a free flowing soda machine (that in even includes ginger ale and fanta.) You'd think that Uniburger is trying to fill the shoes of La Paryse; completely the opposite. Despite the location, Uniburger is walking to the beat of their own drummer and grilling to the heat of their own griddle. It's comparable and is probably Montreal's version of a Shake Shack or In-n-Out burger - our own fast food burger.
4	Sometimes, you just crave a good burger, a classic cheeseburger with good old American cheese (none of that brie or blue cheese non sense... please). Uniburger is just that: old school, fresh, simple and most of all delicious.The burger is somewhat reminiscent of the burger from In N Out (my favorite). The  beef patty is nicely caramelized and a little pink in the middle. The fries were really really good. There is a tons of options for toppings that you will need to ask to include in your burger. If not, your burger will only come with lettuce and tomatoes.Some people would call the decor bare (white walls, no decorations, just a plain lightbulb for lighting). In all, a very good burger joint that's worth trying. Suggestions to the owners: an "Animal style option" and extend your hours if possible. Your burgers would be a great pre or post drinking snack :).
5	I went to Uniburger out in the Latin Quarter. I had heard and read some great things about this simple burger joint so I was excited to try them for the first thing. The place is no frills - simple tables, no fancy decor and a plain fast food-like counter to order from. The menu is short and sweet - hamburgers, cheeseburgers, their signature "uniburgers", fries, soft drinks and milkshakes. I respect a place that says "this is what we do, no more, no less". If a burger place is good, it doesn't need a poutine or chili fries or desserts or any number of random extra dishes. Just serve us a kick ass burger, fries and a shake. And Uniburger nails that perfectly.First up, the milkshake - chocolate or vanilla but using Bilboquet ice cream. Simple but again, the use of great ingredients makes all the difference. Perfectly smooth texture with a great richness from the Bilboquet ice cream. when you can see the vanilla bean in your milkshake you know you are dealing with a proper vanilla milkshake.The fries are pilled high, perfectly golden crispy on the outside but still soft enough on the inside. No grease at all present and perfectly salted off the bat. Love the salting prior to receiving the fries. These guys know how to make fries.For the week, Uniburger added bacon to their classic cheeseburger. Lettuce, tomato and Uniburger sauce which is essentially a variant on a big mac sauce. The entire thing is stacked between a potato bun and my god is this a great burger. Pretty much the best classic burger I have had in Montreal to date. Everything here is perfect - the soft potato bun, the juicy beef patty, the melted cheese, the crisp iceberg lettuce, the tangy Uniburger sauce and the fatty fresh bacon. If I hadn't planned other burger visits that day, I would have had at least one more. I have now found my burger joint until further notice. Uniburger lived up to the hype and then some. Cheers!
5	Best burger in town.Very tasty, easy to eat and not expensive.Also the fries are nice.
3	The highlight of my burger was its low price point. Otherwise, the burger was not extraordinary. It was a little worrisome that the cashier who handled my money was the same person who grilled my patty and assembled my burger - without washing his hands in between and while juggling a phone call.
3	Uniburger's interior can best be described as bright, minimalist and casual.  The "fast food" setting works well in this student-heavy neighborhood, where clients just want an "in-and-out" experience.Uniburger prides itself on quality ingredients and preparation.  The concise and very affordable menu consists of a burger (with slight variations/custom toppings), fries and milkshakes, period.The freshly-ground patties were thin and crispy brown, with very beefy flavor and a melt-in-your-mouth buttery texture once you bite in.  On the other hand, the fries felt like they were sitting around for a while.With its succinct menu, simple (although way too bare) design and cheap prices, Uniburger's concept is a true exercise in minimalism.
3	The hamburger was fresh and so were the toppings. The restaurant was clean (and small). The burger price was reasonable, not so the fries $2.99 and the drink $1.99 (free refills, though.) Now, the fries were very well cooked and tasty... the drink, it's Coke, really nothing special. Their setup reminds me of In&Out but without the animal style.
4	Love uniburger- reminds me of in and out burger back in California. The service here is pretty quick and we often get take out for them when we are craving a good burger and crispy fries.They often run out of grilled onions, but otherwise - yum!
5	The first time I was introduced to this very simple and wonderful establishment, I was not sure what to expect. Walking in to the place I was a little hesitant, but still curious. After waiting about 5-7 minutes for my burger and fries I glanced down and was thinking to myself "ah just another plain old burger". To my surprise after taking my first bite I was under the uniburger spell. It was so tasty and fresh. The fries were golden and perfect. I love this simple burger and fries joint and I will be returning often. Long live uniburger!!
4	These burgers taste like they're made with high end Big Mac patties! Not a lot of variety, and really nothing all that special, but what they do, they do well.
5	I'm a regular at uniburger. I love their burgers! It's small and the decoration is very simple but the burgers are SO flavorful!Totally recommended!
4	Yesterday I paid a visit to uniburger and was pleasantly surprised! I had a double cheese burger with almost all the toppings they had and added a soda and fries! The burger was great and filling and the fries were very good and not drenched in salt like most burgers joints in the city. Value for money you get a great meal! My only suggestions is to add topping like avocados and red onions etc. Service was friendly and great.
3	Looking for a REALLY tasty but greasy (yes!) cheeseburger on a soft potato roll? Uniburger makes em.I wanted to grab something, anything, quick, and Uniburger was closest on my Yelp search.Very understated, utilitarian decor, but at the same time a very warm and cozy place to treat yourself to some comfort food. Go!
4	really cool place ,food was good ...the fries r awesome ,one thing its pretty fattening ....who its a burger that snot fattening ;) sick food
