5	Guys - earmuffs, please :)So, this may be a business that makes some uncomfortable to discuss, but the bottom line is, it's a necessity for us women to go visit our OBGYN at least once per year... and it's probably not an appointment we look forward to either!Fortunately, I am so happy that my friend Melanie referred me to this practice when I moved here, because I know I'm in good hands with the staff at Scottsdale Center for Women's Health. Both Dr. Bartels and Dr. Webb are extremely personable and make you feel at ease right away.  (Well, as 'at ease' as possible when you're lying in the room practically naked with your legs spread open wide!)  Janis, the nurse practitioner, is wonderful, and the office admin staff are friendly too...Even though I've had to wait awhile during some of my visits, it's worth it to know that you are going to receive the care and attention you deserve.The practice also offers 'laser vaginal rejuvination' and perhaps some additional procedures as well.  I like that they are all about educating and empowering the patient to make decisions.  If you are in the market for an OBGYN, call now... you'll thank me later!
4	Since I just got my self-addressed postcard in the mail that told me my annual pap smear results came back normal, I'm breathing a sigh of relief and figured I'd update my review for Scottsdale Center for Women's Health.  I see that since my last review for Dr. Bartels over a year ago, a few others did not have positive experiences but I still feel as if I'm in great hands at this office.  This past visit, I did have to wait a while, but the office staff warned me as I sat in the waiting room that the doctor was running a bit late.  I am ok with that, especially since I know that when it's my turn, my doctor will spend all the time in the world with me if it's necessary... and that is exactly what he did.I received a thorough exam and Dr. Bartels answered all of my questions as well.  I never felt rushed and I never received any mention of vaginal rejuvenation.  My pap test postcard arrived in a timely manner and I had no problems with the office staff... If you want a quality doctor, I still recommend this place.  Perhaps bring reading material in case there is a wait or take the first appointment in the morning or after lunch... There are not too many people I trust to go 'down there,' but Dr. Bartels and Dr. Webb are on that list!
1	The office seems really nice until you are serviced by the staff. It is rare the women at the front desk notices you walked in the door or greats you with a smile. Getting them to return a phone call is a joke. Now waiting on day 3 for a return call. I have called 4 times. Most of the nurses are nice though. I just went in and am sure Dr. Webb is on drugs from his surgery. He could hardly get a sentence out and could not answer any questions I had. The one person that was so nice however, is the lady who does the ultrasounds. One nurse completely blew me off with questions and concerns I had. I will never go back to this office and NEVER refer them to anyone, unless you want the worst service and care. We wanted 6 children thats a lot of money you just lost.
5	I have been going here for years.  Jean Ann is the best nurse practitioner I have ever had, and Dr. Bartel's makes you feel so comfortable.  I have had lots of bad news given to my by their office with health problems I have had, but they have delivered it in a way that made me feel much less scared.  I am very picky about what OBGYN I go to, but I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
5	Almost two years later and time for an update of my OB/GYN.  For the past six or so years, I've only needed the GYN part of the equation but now that I'm prego (20 weeks down and 20 to go as of today), I'll be taking advantage of Dr. Bartels for the OB part too!As you can imagine, I've been going to this office more frequently lately, and I continue to be impressed with the care I am given.  The office staff is friendly, (although some of the newer staff could use some additional training), but most importantly, I feel very comfortable with the medical providers.  The ones I see frequently (Dr. Bartels, Betsy, and Charlotte) are all wonderful.  Sure, there is sometimes a longer wait than I'd like, but I know that once I'm in, these people will take all the time with me that I need.A friend referred me to this office years ago, when I first moved to AZ, and I've never looked elsewhere for my gynecological needs.  I've seen both Dr Webb and Dr Bartels and highly recommend this practice.
5	Dr. Webb has delivered all 3 of my boys and I would not go to anyone else.  He is very personable and caring...he even gave me his cell phone number in the last week of my pregnancy if I needed anything.  Sometimes you do have to wait in the waiting room but hey its a doctors office.  My youngest is now 3 and I just had them insert the pellet which gives you extra hormones.  I like the fact that you have options in the office.  When I told the NP about my issues she has a solution and even  better ...Dr. Bartels could do the procedure in the office.  I would never go to another obgyn.  I highly recommend this office!!!
3	Dr. Bartells delivered my baby and everything went great. He has been a fine doctor (I'm not needy and don't ask a lot of questions so I couldn't state fairly whether or not he is very attentive) but the front office needs some work. Not once...not twice... but THREE times my appointment has been messed up. One time I had to reschedule, and they rescheduled me for a day when the doctor wasn't even in. I didn't find out till I showed up. Most recently, I didn't receive a reminder call for an ultrasound. When I called the day-of to see what time my appointment was, they informed me that it had been cancelled. Um- I didn't cancel it- so who did? Anyway, they're fine for a doctor's office if you can handle the long waiting times and an occasional front-office screw up. Not crazy about them but don't really mind them either. And they've never pushed any 'procedures' on me but maybe that's because I've never indicated any type of interest other than what I'm there for.
1	I like some of the other women yelped below, loved Dr. Webb and thought he was amazing. He was booked up for a month and the girl on the phone ensured me that the nurse practitioner (cant even remember her name now, blonde short hair) is just as good as Dr. Webb. Now that is a joke, she is horrible and had no clue what she was doing! I am so mad I even tried her, it went so bad with her and the front office joke of a staff that I refused to go back! Now I have no doctor at a point where I wanted to start having children and I am starting from scratch. I would highly suggest you stay away.  Dr. Webb is awesome, but do I really want to worry about my appointments being messed up and the girls at the desk with their attitude when I come in, especially during sensitive times? I think not. It happens a lot, because as I was leaving I heard a woman complaining about her appt. being messed up. Then the lady in line by me said yea that happens a lot. (It took me 20 mins to "check out" so we were all chatting bored) The girl at the desk was so overwhelmed, I actually felt bad for her.  She kept saying sorry and said the other girl left for the day and left her alone (packed house mind you). Why would they let her leave if they are short staffed. Also the nurse practitioner suggest I do all of these Unnecessary tests and I am left with a $600 lab bill for absolutely nothing, that my insurance deemed "unnecessary testing". I am completely blow away. They then have the nerve to try and send me a bill from their office. WHAT? Are you kidding me. Get a life. I am so sad by this whole situation. Normally I wouldnt "Yelp review" a doctors office, but as you can see I am really upset by the situation at hand :( Just a total sad situation.
1	I have never felt so unwelcome in a doctors office before the staff treats me like a leper. They have very little compassion and its obvious they do not like middle class acchss patients I'm sorry I'm not a rich Scottsdale lady!! Im 37 weeks along and wish I could find a new doctor. Dr. Webb is very nice and good at his job its his staff that needs to learn compassion and patients. The lady who answers the phone shelly is the worse!!! SO RUDE the front desk isn't much better. No smiles or pleasantries just cold in and out no questions asked. A how are you doing? Would kill you!!
5	I have been going here for years, and I must say that the staff and Dr. Webb are some of the best I have ever encountered! They have always been nice and try to get me in even on short notice! I had a less than easy pregnancy and every one of them was so helpful! Dr. Webb always took his time and listened to my concerns and went over any questions I had, same goes for his nurse Amy! I won't trust anyone else with delivering my future children except for Dr. Webb and his team!
1	Well, I have visited SCWH for the last time.  Dr. Webb is terrific and so is Janis, but I cannot deal with taking time off work from a busy corporate job, only to find out that my appointment has been cancelled.This happened once before, when Dr. Webb had an emergency with a patient at a hospital, so he was not there when I arrived for my appointment.  However, the office staff never bothered to call me to tell me the situation and reschedule me, they just told me he wasn't there when I arrived.  Okay, things happen, so I just rescheduled.Yesterday, I had a follow-up visit with Janis for bioidentical hormone therapy pellets that were inserted six weeks ago.  I showed up, but Janis was not in the office.  The office said they tried twice to call me, but I received no phone call or voice mail message.  I verified my phone number with them - they had the right number, but no phone call.  I also received a text the prior day, asking me to confirm my appointment, which I did.The receptionist told me that they won't cancel an appointment without hearing from me first, which is not true, as they had already cancelled my appointment without telling me.I have a very busy corporate job, and I do not have time to keep going to appointments that are cancelled without my knowledge.She offered to reschedule me, but I told her not to bother - I will not be going back.I think I will try Sottopelle instead.  One of my friends goes there for her bioidentical therapy, and she said that they treat her with respect and have never cancelled an appointment.
5	Love Dr. Bartels!  But more than him...LOVE bio-identical hormone replacement therapy.  I'm like an 18 year old boy now...Just ask my boyfriend!  I also see Marti Burton the nutritionist.  I will write a separate review for her.
5	Firstly, I would like to say that the office has moved to 8415 N Pima Rd, Ste 210, right down the road from where they used to be. Secondly, I was treated with the utmost respect by Janis Rustad and the whole staff. Janis was extremely gentle and understanding as well as very professional. I was referred to Janis by a good friend of mine, so I knew I wouldn't be disappointed and I wasn't.
1	I would like to start off by saying that I'm not a typical yelp blogger.  This is actually by first but surely you'll understand by the time in done,  why I felt the need to write this review.   I went into Dr.  Bartells office today to let him know I'd no longer be his patient after finding out that the hormone therapy he had me on was literally turning me into a man.  I'm a 33yr old woman who had a hysterectomy ands sought out hormone treatment.  Dr.  Bartells assured me he knew exactly what I needed.  I've been on testosterone for nine months and never once did he bother to monitor me despite complaints that I wasn't feeling well.  I found out after selling a second opinion and blood work,  that I am post menopausal and have zero estrogen.  I've suffered physically , mentally and emotionally.  Today, as I stated,  I went in to speak with the doctor and my mom and sister came with me for support.  After asking politely,  twice to see him,  the police showed up to his office and escorted the three of us out and threatened to arrest us because the women at the desk told them we were yelling and screaming and causing problems. The only thing that saved us was the fact that we knew we'd have some issue so we recorded everything from the moment we walked in till the police left.  After questioning the lying group of women who work for the doctor,  the police decided to questing the patients that were waiting and one woman let them know that the staff had flat out lied.  Needless to say,  the doctor never came out nor did his office manager who made the call to the police,  despite not having even been there to witness any of this.  Just a side note.  I am a black woman as are my mother and sister and when asked by the office staff why we were there,  were treated as sub standard people.  The police were no different until we showed the video to them.  I strongly feel had we been three white women,  Dr Bartells and his staff would never have done that.  People make it known everyday that racism is very much alive and well.
