4	Excellent service and great food!   I think if they do as well as one might hope we will see bigger quarters, although the space is not bad.  Can't wait to get some more.  Welcome to the only Waunakee in the world!
3	After months of patiently waiting for the owners of the Blowin' Smoke food cart to open the doors of their Waunakee restaurant, I finally had an opportunity to grab a lunch last week.  The Verdict:  Decidedly mixed - I loved the mountain of savory sweet potato fries and service was remarkably efficient for a new operation, but the BBQ itself did not light my fire.The owners did a splendid job creating a cozy dining space.  The array of award ribbons from various BBQ competitions covering on the walls creates an instant air of legitimacy.  I appreciated the clean look of the stainless steel fixtures in the open kitchen space where the staff was frenetically prepping ingredients for the oncoming lunch crowd.  I'm a fan of natural light which a row of windows on the west wall provided.  There was a muted, single flat screen TV on the wall across from me.  Instead of the usual news or sports programming, the staff went with the bold choice or airing an infomercial for a spinning mop.  As for Wi-Fi, the restaurant's signal is not available to the customers according to my server.The menu offers a variety of options beyond the typical BBQ fare.  While the appetizer choices were standard bar fare (nachos, onion rings, poppers, etc.), I was interested to see an assortment of specialty sandwiches (Reuben, BLT Club, Chicken Cordon Bleu).  The commitment to variety also extends to the sides, where they offer twelve options, including cheese curds and broccoli raisin salad.  Starting in February, Blowin' Smoke will be adding steaks, burgers and seafood options.  In addition, kudos are in order for having a small selection of reasonably priced kid-friendly items on the menu.    After studying the menu, I elected to pork butt sandwich ($6.99) which normally comes with chips and a pickle.  Diners have the option of upgrading to one of the sides for a $1.49 up-charge and I didn't hesitate one second to go with the sweet potato waffle fries.  That was the smartest move of the day as I was served a veritable mountain of crinkle-cut sweet potato goodness.  There served piping hot with a wonderfully crunchy exterior and healthy does of salt. They paired well with the spicy BBQ sauce served with my sandwich.I was disappointed with my pork sandwich on a number of fronts.  The meat was lukewarm and surprisingly dry - I wonder if I had the leftovers from the previous day.  It was not the succulent, tender porkiness that I previously enjoyed at their food cart.  The bun was bland and dry, reminding me of the burger buns you pick up at the local grocery store.  Moreover, for the price, I thought the serving size was small.  If not for the exceedingly generous of serving of fries, I would have gone home hungry.  Reflecting back on the experience, I should have said something to my server.  I was working on a project during my visit and was a bit pre-occupied.  I know the kitchen staff is capable of producing a much better product.To end things on a positive note, the service I received was wonderful, especially considering the restaurant just opened.  The host promptly greeted and seated me, my inquiries were politely addressed and my server checked in on me often.Despite the shortcomings, Blowin' Smoke is a much-needed addition to Waunakee dining scene and I expect them to prosper in their new location.  Once the kitchen settles into the new environs and delivers a more consistent product, an upgrade to a four star rating may be in order.
4	Listen to me: this is good barbecue. I spent a large portion of my young adult years in Memphis, TN, so I know good barbecue. I repeat, this is good barbecue. My family and I arrived for dinner last Friday at 6:45pm and were seated quickly, which was delightful. We all ordered the beef brisket sandwiches. This is what you should know:First, the smoked flavor is freaking delicious.  It's been on my mind all week. I'm sure I dreamed about it, too.Second, this barbecue is served dry. Order the barbecue sauce with your meal if you like a wetter barbecue. I ordered the sweet sauce. Third, this meat is served with all the crispy, smoked meat pieces. Oh my god--the crispy, smoked meat pieces are my favorite part. They even sell the crispy, smoked meat pieces separately with sauce for dipping. I will continue to say crispy, smoked meat pieces until you are committed to loving them like I do. Fourth, I would have given them 5 stars for the meat alone but I also got potato salad and bread pudding, which were not my favorites. I will say that I prefer a mustard potato salad, which this was not, so maybe you "no mustard in your potato salad" lovers would like it. I found it bland. As for the bread pudding--it totally bummed me out. It was very dry around the edges. It shouldn't be. A for effort though, because bread pudding needs to be on their menu. It just also needs some work. Lose the icing glaze on top, too, you barbecue masters!
4	This is some of the best BBQ you will every find in the USA. The owner used to compete on the National BBQ circuit and takes 20 years experience to your table every night. If you want really great BBQ this is the place.
2	Went to this place twice. Both times the meat was it extremely dry. Some of the chopped brisket was drier than beef jerky.
2	This restaurant was pretty good when it first opened, but the quality and quantity of the food has become less and less as time goes by. My husband and I have ordered carry out from this restaurant multiple times.  We have always ordered the Chief-sampler platter. The platter is pretty pricey at $17, but we wanted to give the restaurant a good try. The portion sizes of the meal have decreased with time. At first it was an ok value-but the last time we were there-each platter portion of barbecue was about the size of your fist (all types combined together).  We also got two sides. They were out of many of the side options so we went with French fries and sweet potato fries. The French fries were very soggy, oil drenched and disgusting. The sweet potato fries were also soggy-but not nearly as oily. We had been so excited to have a restaurant near our home-but for the price we are going to go to Smokey Jon's Barbecue on Packer Avenue. More food for a bit less money and the quality and quantity of food is always consistent and consistently fabulous. Worth the extra drive.
3	We were excited when we heard about this restaurant coming to Waunakee. We have ordered takeout from there several times since we live nearby and have witnessed the evolution of a new evolving business. I really enjoy the Beef Brisket sandwich along with the baked beans. I've eaten brisket in many places around the country and I find this sandwich to be right up there with the best (it keeps me coming back). I like spicy so I always get the extra spicy BBQ sauce on the side which is good in the beans to. I think this restaurant will improve over time as they get everyone trained and comfortable in their positions. It was mass confusion one of the first nights I was in there but the food was still great. We have gotten home on a couple of occasions to discover our order wasn't filled correctly (missing sides and an entree) which required calling and driving back. I bought a beef brisket sandwich one evening around 7 pm and returned home to eat it. Earlier my daughter said she didn't want BBQ but when I got home and she smelled it she asked if I could go back and get her one. I checked the hours they were open on the Internet and it said 10 pm. I was going to arrive around 8 pm so no problem. When I arrived the lights were still on but the door was locked. I could see employees inside cleaning up, it said 10 pm closing on the door and they were closed 2 hours prior. A wasted drive and disappointed daughter. I was there again last night early and the service and food was great. The owner greeted me. I think they will be a great addition to the local area.
3	It's taken us a while to get out to Waunakee and try Blowin' Smoke, but we finally made it on a mild Saturday evening perfect for barbecue and a Totally Naked pilsner from New Glarus, which was on the menu. The service is prompt and friendly, the price per portion is fair and the small space is clean and modern. We started with the cheese balls appetizer -- who knew cheese had balls; no wonder curds are squeaky -- which consisted of about 10 golf-ball-shaped pieces of cheese, breaded in a flavorful, herby crust, fried and served just a bit undercooked (the centers were cold, but I'm not deducting any stars for this because I was stahhhrving). We ordered and shared the pulled chicken sandwich (skip it -- way too salty, which overpowered the smoky flavor that I think was there), the mac 'n cheese (homemade and spectacular) and the "Chief" sampler, which consisted of pork shoulder (tender, smoky and wonderful -- do it), beef brisket (tender, lean, less smoky than the pork but definitely stands on its own -- order it), smoked sausage (juicy with good flavor, but don't order it as an entree) and ribs (too dry and overcooked for me to comment on them -- I hope they're usually better).For sides, the coleslaw is fine (slaw is slaw, really), the beans rate in the upper half of BBQ joints and the sweet potato fries are pretty good. Get the mac 'n cheese and beans for sides. It's a haul to Waunakee from Verona and the verdict is, I'll come back if I'm in the neighborhood -- I'd like to try the ribs again on a better day -- but it's not likely I'll make an ad hoc trip just to come here.
5	Husband and son loved the ribs so much they almost wept!  Bought some sauce to take home.  Owner was great. Even let us do some sampling. Great little find in an odd spot.
5	UPDATE!!!!  I just used Blowin' Smoke BBQ to cater my husbands surprise birthday party at our house this weekend.  They lived up to my expectations and everyone at the party was RAVING about the food!  Their catering planner that I worked with, Alex, was great and she answered all my questions.  A few days before the event I had an estimated invoice for approval and the owner himself delivered the catering...he's charming and truly loves what he does (as do we)!  Another home run for Blowin' Smoke!!!!
5	We'll be back.  Got the recommendation from a friend and wow, this place hit the mark.  We were hungry, with two kids.  The portion size was great and the food was fantastic.  We love nachos for some reason (probably the cheese and yummy nibs) but these were different and tasty.  They have barbecue sauce, not too salty, not too sweet.  Great start.  We shared a sandwich and onion rings, and that was plenty of food that was quite tasty.  Can't wait to get back after 5 when their burnt ends are available as a dinner meal.  The kids had mac and cheese and fries.  The mac and cheese was extra good according to the three year old and our son ate up his fries.  We'll definitely be back and make the trip up North.
5	Food was pretty good.  Service was great.  Will go back again. Not very wide selection of beer thou.
5	Best BBQ in Madison area.  Try the BBQ burger if they have them - and don't forget the onion rings.
4	Wow!  I had a craving for BBQ and got it satisfied at Blowin' Smoke!  My husband had the full rack of Pork Spareribs and I had the Burnt Ends--man was it good!  Also, the portions, while generous, are not gigantic. Clearly all the food here is made by hand in this restaurant--and with great pride. We tried the homemade onion rings, which were exceptionally excellent--crispy, sweet and not over salted!  Really a treat!  My husband had a green salad which was very fresh and served with delectable homemade blue cheese dressing--creamy, chunky and also not over seasoned.We finished with a soft, syrupy without being too sweet raisin bread pudding which was to DIE for!  Super impressed at meeting Robert--he's great in the dining room, meeting customers and making sure they are satisfied.  You can feel the dedication which goes into what is served at this comfortable, suburban location.I would have rated this 4.5 stars, if I had the option.... My only real criticism is that the coleslaw could be a little more seasoned--still, it was creamy and freshly made.We will definitely be back for seconds!;)
4	So I've ordered food to go, and eaten at this establishment.  I've had the brisket sandwich and their ribs.  I enjoyed the smoked taste versus the normal BBQ approach. The restaurant is small but is welcoming and comfortable.  The service was good when I went there.  I plan to continue going there.  I was very pleased.  Waunakee needed a place like this.  Also they sell meat by the pound if you want to throw a party, so that's pretty cool.
4	Just fine.   That is her quote.   We got take out over a month ago.  Had heard of this place and just could not get up there this summer.  Saturday night, and grabbed take out.  Place was nearly empty around 6 pm on a Saturday, so I think word of mouth or advertising needs to pick up.  Or location.I got the Chief and she had the 1/2 rack.   While choice of sides were great and both meals were satisfying, they were not spectacular.  However, I do want to go back.
1	We ordered food to go and the service was great.   Sadly the food was not.  We had 4 orders and they were all less than good.  Dry meat, cold unmelted cheese,  very fatty ham, and flavor less sauce.  I was very disappointed.  Drive to Porktropolis in Sun Prairie and get food that the owner actually cares about.  Sorry Blowin' Smoke but you blew it.
4	The only thing that could use a work over on the recipe is their super spicy bbq sauce. Don't get me wrong it has a bit but not much of one for a super spicy. Otherwise the meat was the best smoked bbq I have had in a long time. The service was fast and super friendly. I will be back with a group next time for sure
