4	I heart shoes and I heart Winners... naturally I heart Winners with awesome shoe sections even more!!! Spent 1 hour in the shoe section alone and found lots of fantastic options. The rest of the store didn't really do anything for me, but I did manage to find a cute LBD for $16.Sorry boys but the mens section here seemed to be lacking a bit.
3	Winners is a place you sneak in for a couple of important piece of  clothing. My thing is shoes. Why there? They have large size. I where 13 and even though more and more you find what you need, I tend to go there once in a while 5-10 minutes per time to check out the new shoes arrival. I found some 180$ leather shoes (Clarks) for 80$. So basically they receive stuff from larger store like The Bay or others. It only took 8-10 times (so basically after 1 year) to find some decent shoes.
4	I'm a huge fan of Winners! There...I said it out in the open.I love this store simply for the fact that it is one of the few Winner stores in the Montreal area that sells suits at liquidation prices. I have in the past bought a 400$ suite lowered to $80! Even after the tailoring required to get it to fit just right, it was still a great savings.To find the good deals though, you almost need to go on a weekly basis.There is a large selection here of clothing for both men and women. Their mens dress shirt selection is okay - not always a decent rotation of shirts as the same design will be available for months, and the seem to get ties in different waves. Sometimes having none in stock (like at Christmas and New Years!??) but having 3-4 racks of the stuff during mid-summer.My main complaint: is be prepared to wait in line. It probably has the worst line-ups between 11am - 2pm.
4	Winners is great and the place for shopping here's what I find here:For men: undies, socks, pyjamas, slippers, scarves, hats and jogging pantsWomen: socks, underwear, shoes.boots,slippers,outdoor coats, yoga and work out clothes,bathing suitsChildren: here you can get just about anything, but the kid's toy section is actually a really good place to buy toys and booksHome: Ralph Lauren bedsheets sets (or others just make sure you keep it over 300 thread count), decorative bathroom linens and accessories, again mostly just the decorative stuff.  Lots of kitchen instruments and cook wear at great prices.Decorative mirrors and wall hanging's home section is a great place to get any housewarming gifts you may need,and last but not least I love shopping here for hair care and beauty products, which can be assembled to provide a great gift to someone, at any budget.  (your 20$ exchange gift will go further here)
3	Not the same as "the good old days" when it first opened. Did I EVER score some higher -end stuff here at great prices! If you know your brands/names etc. you can really hit the jackpot, unfortunately, things have changed quite a bit here over the years. The pickings keep getting slimmer and the clothing looks very schlocky, I now REALLY have to look and pick over the merchandise. The stock comes in 3 times a week, so if you do find something worthwhile, grab it while you can because it will NOT be there when you come back tomorrow. The good stuff moves that fast!
3	i love winners but not for the clothing as nothing fits me (size wise)what i love are the extremely discounted brand shoes, boots, bags and perfume. it's the only reason i frequent this store. inexpensive albeit year old model uggs boots, sorel boots around november/december to the heavily discounted niche perfumes (which is my kryptonite) in creed, bond no.9, l'artisan after the new yearselection varies greatly and the more popular or should i say the better scents are hard to find as everyone wants them. you'd literally have to live there to get themdecent alternative to the brand stores (if you're looking to score some discount) but you'd be lucky to find that polarizing piece of clothing
3	Winners is the place to go when your in the mood to go hunting for a gem. The store is essentially a sea of not so stylish items with a sprinkle of nice finds. You really need to search to find those pieces that are going to offered at a very much lower price.It seems impossible to find a pair of denim jeans that don't have crazy designs or ridiculous fades in them. Once in awhile though youl find a pair that is just normal.I especially like to look for timeless classic shoes and belts.This winners specifically also seems to be lacking in home supplies compared to many of the winners I've been to. They seem to be strictly more on the clothing side.Staff seem to be just doing their job and aren't overly friendly or rude. Located on the bottom floor of the mall, it is a nice place to tie together your shopping day and see if you can nab a few basics at a steal.
5	This Winners is way better then ones in Toronto. The selections are better, the sizes are plenty and it is super huge because of the Winners / Home departments. Excellent
