4	I love the lunch specials here!  Especially the Fajitas!  Salsa bar has something for everyone.  Fresh tortilla chips...usually still hot when they get to your table.
4	if u like hearty portions for cheap prices, than this is the place for u! the food is frigging hot, u can tell it was cooked to order. the unlimited salsa bar really puts it over. the service is really the only thing that could use a little help, but its a casino restaurant so i can imagine the creeps they run into:) Me and my man both ordered appetizers, entrees and desserts and paid a grand total of $27!!! it was a "Uno Dos Tres Deal" and we brought the half home we didn't eat! In this economy, this was a really great meal for an AWESOME price :-D
3	The carne asada tacos w/ corn tortillas are pretty good. The salsa bar is also decent...esp the beans!
2	Boulder Station's poor cousin to the restaurant bearing the same name (but virtually no other similarities) at Sunset Station.Where Sunset's Guad features a relaxingly lit, thematically decorated restaurant area, this one is a glaringly bright, cramped quarters affair with a cafeteria feel about it. There's a self-help salsa bar that gets extremely messy and unsanitary looking, with significantly fewer options than the other location's extensive array.The restaurant can get very noisy and kid-tastic also. Food quality isn't up to par with what we are used to from the Guadalajara name either. I'll be sticking to the Sunset location.
3	First time I tried this place it was real good, I had me some fajitas de carne asada. I love that they bring it to you pipeing hot with the steam coming out! That's how I love my food, but how did they know? Tthe meat and the bell peppers were dry and the tortillas were too, well, not really they just didn't have much flavor, but the salsa bar makes more than enough for it. Next time I tried it I figured out the first time it was great because I ate somewhere else. Cheap place to eat and it will get you full, it's not like it's real bad food. But both times I tried the margarita on the rocks were good. The service was satisfactory for a place out of the strip and being more local than anything. They were always there wondering about how you were doing. Now the salsa bar was awesome! I think the best thing out of this place is the salsa bar, If I would I would eat off of it haha.  Plus even if you have tasted better somwhere the whole slot machine in the casino kinda makes up for it because it's Las Vegas. The colors inside this place are good it goes with the environment in the casino.
1	I have been coming here for over ten years, after this current experience it's my last visit. The service was the worst service I have ever had. After waiting through our whole meal and never getting a refill or half of our orders correct we called over a manager, explained the situation and his response was "what would you like me to do about it" no apology just offering us a free desert. Whoopee! Not that I was looking for anything free, but made me realize that a local joint would of appreciated our money over this corporately ran dump!
3	Honestly, I was expecting worse.  The food was good and the prices were decent.  I had a tostada with no ground beef.  It was gigantic and pretty tasty.  The black beans were spicy.  My BF had the veggie fajitas; it did not look good.  The veggies looked like they were from a bag out of the frozen section at the grocery store. Chips and salsa were good.  They have a salsa bar and all of the salsas that I tried were decent.  If I was in the area, I would go again.  It is far from the strip.
3	I'm reviewing Guadalajara because it seems to be the haunt of my family. Meaning, if we're having any sort of celebration for any family member that is not myself, we end up going here. I guess my parents aren't that apt to try new things, so the easy way out is mediocre Mexican at the local casino.Look, it's not bad, but it's not great either. It is your typical Mexican fair. They have combos, burritos, dinner plates, appetizers, and seafood specials as well. Normally I go for a combo or get a burrito (usually the carne asada, because it's pretty good here, although not spectacular). Margaritas: Eh, they're okay and I guess the prices are okay (between $6-$9). I had a Chambord 1800 Margarita, which was actually pretty tasty. However, I also had the Cherry Lime Margarita which tasted nothing like tequila and made me think this is what hairspray must taste like if it were watered down and put in a glass. Lastly - their chips have never disappointed me. Always warm, and they are quick to refill your basket if they notice you're running low. Plus there is a salsa bar that provides different salsa and bean dips. Try the dark one (I think it says it is a mild), but it has a very distinctive smokey flavor that really does add some depth to the palate (I know, who says that? But it's true!).Overall I enjoy this place. Would I go here if I weren't with my family? Probably not. But like I said, it is what it is, and that is A-OK.
4	I thought the food was pretty good, better than I expected for a casino like this way off the strip.I was simply a tourist, and live in L.A. (land of mexican food) and was pleasantly surprised. Their shredded chicken was real moist and flavorful. Drinks were great, service was cool, salsa bar was nice...etc.I can understand ppl not digging the atmosphere, but remember where you are at.
2	While claiming to "love locals" from every local television outlet, we were bemused by staff comments on service at Guadalajara, the Mexican bar & grill off the casino.  With a little less than an hour to show time, we considered a quick drink and snack at the bar, followed by a casual stroll to the show room.  20 minutes after sitting at a bar table, making repeated eye contact with the wait staff, we remained ignored.  Polite initiative resulted in chips & salsa, over-sweetened  lemonade and a margarita made from an off-the-shelf mix.  Table-side guacamole 'served with warm tortillas' was served with the same chips provided with the salsa.  We heard lame excuses about a power outage, being "very busy" and no through-put in the kitchen.  No back-up generators in a casino?  Really?  The surly waitress might have had a bad night, but that's no excuse for being rude.  The manager was apologetic and made compensatory overtures which were appreciated.  How difficult is it to get service right from the onset when a guest enters the dining or drinking area?  After all, it's Las Vegas!But what about "We Love Locals!"?  Why is management so blind to the quality level of service in such a competitive environment?  Is the economy so dreadful that staff is hired without appropriate training in "hope" that "things will work out"?  While Guadalajara at Boulder Station stands as an example, it's not the only venue suffering from arrogant service staff, ill equipped from a lack of training or the business values imbued from a successful and attractive destination.  Re-directing investments from TV advertising to staff training and business execution will result in more demand from word of mouth and repeat customers happy with their experience.
2	This is more of a 2.5 rating but I just can't give this place 3 stars.Unlike the other Cabo I went to at Santa Fe, this Cabo at Boulder just seemed super off.  Kind of slow customer service from the start, long waits to get food. Yada Yada Yada.The think that irked me a bit was that when I got the unlimited tacos, they told me I can only order 1 kind of taco and can't mix it up.  So I ended up grabbing 3 shredded beef tacos.  They were fairly on par.  Then I ordered 2 chicken tacos since I was trying to make myself vomit by the end of the night and instead of the shredded chicken I would get at the boulder station, it was just chicken chunks, no real flavor.  And mixing it with their flavorless rice didn't boost anything.I'm not gonna knock on the chips, I love the chips and salsa but overall that won't make me give them a 3 star rating.Conditions For Me To Return:- Someone pays for meor- Randomly drunk and felt like making sub-par decisionsor- Really bored and have comp dollars and want to feel classy as opposed to eating Taco Bell
2	Was not impressed with the food. Got the combo platter with a chile rellano (good but tough), pork tamale (dry and super doughy, tasted like it has sat on the back of a semi for a month) and a shredded beef enchilada which was par at best. Refried beans had a weird film over them, possibly been sitting in the pot all day. Friend ordered the Shrimp Fajitas and had to return it. The shrimps were burnt beyond recognition and the whole skillet platter had about an inch of oil floating on the bottom. The best part of the meal was the free chips & salsa. Service from our waitress was poor but the soda & chip guy kept our beverages & chips full and they never went empty, saving this from a 1 star rating. Ya!!! for the low man on the totem pole, the chip & drink guy.
2	I think my experience and review of eating at the Cabo "Mexican" restaurant would of been different if I would of been slightly tipsy from drinking a  giant margarita...too bad I completely sober though!The Cabo Mexican Restaurant needs to ante up (oh man, thinking about playing cards now ha)  their customer service.  My boyfriend and his family and friends and I waited more than 15 minutes to get our beverages. The Saturday night was no busy at all. The food took long too. Not sure why it was taking so long for simple quesadillas or to slap on some ground meat on a tortilla and call it a night. I ordered the carne asada tacos with avocado slices instead of guacamole. When my plate came I was surprised to find two sad looking dry carne asada tacos and almost 1/8" of a slice of avocado...should of just got the guacamole huh haha.The one thing I really liked about eating at the Cabo "Mexican" Restaurant was that they had a salsa and chips bar. I shoulda just gone wild and filled up on that. NExt time, I'll drink up and chip/dip it up.
1	My father and I have been going to this restaurant since the hotel opened many moons ago.  99% of the time it is good food and good service.   They recently changed the name and some of the menu items.  I'm  all for change if it is for the better.  THIS IS NOT.Last night we went to grab a quick bite.  The poor server was so overwhelmed doing so much without any support.  Since we go there at least 3 times a month the staff knows us.  I have seen the lack of support for their team in the last couple months and how the service has gotten so bad.  We waited for over 10 minutes for drinks, 25 minutes for the food, and another 10 minutes to get cashed out.  I saw the server running all over trying to do his best.  The food-  I ordered the fajita chicken salad like I have many times in the past.  I was embarrassed for the company to actually put that salad on the table in front of ANY GUEST!!!  The chicken was diced up so tiny it looked like it was for a 2 year old.  Oh where was the rest of the salad.  Nothing but tiny diced up chicken and lots of lettuce.My dad, who has had the fajitas so many times couldn't even eat one.  The chicken had no flavor, overcooked, and there were no onions.  We asked for extra and got none.  Terrible.I have seen their business die down a lot since the new menu.  For sure now I know why.
2	Once again the Mexican restaurant in Stations casinos has changed hands. No longer Guadalajara, but Cabo now.My fiance and I decided to stop in here late on Friday night after I got off work. I really wanted a margarita to celebrate the completion of my training. We waited... A lot. We waited for the hostess to show up. We waited for chips. We waited for drinks... Lots of waiting.... I waited for a water I ordered that never came. So I drank my fiance's. We were never asked if we wanted a refill of our chip basket.The poor girl serving us seemed frazzled. The busboy was of very little help.The food was mediocre. My margarita was the star of the night. It was very good and blended well. They did honor the check-in policy and we got sopapillas, which we took to go.I don't know why Stations Casinos keep changing their restaurants... But this change was not for the better. The only thing I'd come back for is another raspberry margarita.
4	Delicious food! Friendly fast service.... had a Caronarita! Could drink like 20 of those!
1	I was there last week with a group of friends for a birthday.  The service was very, very slow.  We ordered a pitcher of margarita's.  It wasn't until after we ordered it we noticed that there was no price on the menu.  We figured how expensive can it be for a station casino restaurant.  The food was OK, nothing special.  When we got the bill we almost died, the price for a pitcher of mediocre margaritas was $40.00 we had ordered 2 pitcher's is and was OUTRAGEOUS.  The last pitcher that was brought out was all ice hardly any liquid in it.  We had to ask the waitress to add more liquid to the pitcher.  To top it all off we had half a pitcher left and who would leave it.  The waitress brought out clear to go cups to take it out.  You CAN'T take out alcohol and we told her this.  She then brought us cups that were not clear.  What a total rip off. When asked why there was no price on the menu she just looked blank (like a deer in the headlights).  I'll never go there again.  If I am to pay that much for a pitcher of margarita's I'll go somewhere a lot nice than this dump.
4	Took the family here last night, and wasn't expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised, and so were my adult children.  Maybe it was because it was 1/1/13 and everyone else was still partying on the strip, but we were seated immediately and had a server (Antonio) at our table within a minute.  Food was a bit slow getting to us, but well worth the wait...and we enjoyed the chips and salsa with salsa bar while waiting.  Antonio was attentive, and I appreciated he filled our glasses often.I'm a NON smoker, and would have liked to have been seated somewhere more away from the smell of cigarettes, but that's the only real complaint I can come up with.  Including tip, $60 dinner for 4 people is exactly what I'd expect.  My salad was fresh and HUGE, my son's steak fajitas were cooked just right and not overdone, my daughter's chicken chimi platter was also HUGE and flavorful, etc etc etc.  Everything looked fresh and tasted good too.I'll be back, but will request to be seated in a more interior location away from the chance of dealing with cigarette or cigar smoke interfering with my meal.  The proximity of the Havana Lounge nearby may have had something to do with it too!?!
5	This place is awesome love the food and my waiter Ever was so cool defiantly coming back!
4	Stopped in and had great food and our waiter was very attentive. Carne Asada platter was yummy and the chips were warm, so good with the bean dip and salsa!
4	steak and shrimp burrito off the scale went back twice in same week so u know its  real . steak was cooked well both times second time shrimp tasted a lil overcooked but both times went down easy and was very satisfying to my stomach even though 20$ is a bit much for a burrito shrimp or not
3	Good but not great. I had chicken enchiladas, my grandma had the chile relleno and my cousin had the combination plate with beef enchiladas and the chile relleno. The food was good, service was good, the salsa bar was good. I think the chile relleno won as far as best dish!
2	If they're open at 11, the bartender and a security officer are unaware. Just standing here looking stupid. Went to viva salsa instead. Then home. Not gonna gamble here if they don't know when they are open.
5	Amazing service!!!! Thank you to our waiter Brent and the food and beverage manager for keeping everything in order. Came on a Friday mid September which was much better than expected at most other places. Our server was beyond helpful especially considering the amount of tables he waited! I definitely recommend this place to anyone coming from out of town, locals, and everyone in between. Perfect sit down with a nice atmosphere to match. Can't forget how great the food was, enchiladas and tamales were cooked to perfection. Don't forget the salsa bar!!!!! (-:
5	This place rocks as does the waiter Brenn!!  They have great table side guacamole and the chili con queso is amazing!!!  The carne asada platter and the fajitas are my favorite!  Be sure to ask for Brenn as he is one of the best waiters not only there but anywhere! If he's not there ask for Ever as he is great too! it's an awesome place to eat especially if you have a large group as it has a fun atmosphere and friendly staff, starting with the hostess I believe her name is Angela.   oh and don't forget to visit the salsa bar - yum!!
4	One of my favorite Mexican Food Restaurant's.  Just don't sit at the rail and get the cigarette smoke from passerby's.Fajitas rock.  Service is great and I love the salsa bar.
