3	Another GhettoCenter area place that's on my recent free-chip-tourney-poker-binge route, BullShooters is a huge pool hall bar.   Formerly known as SixShooters, I guess that name wasn't setting a very good example of the kind of behavior they'd like you to exhibit while patronizing their fine establishment.They must be getting a slightly better caliber of patrons now, since only a single bouncer was present at the front door area, and this guy would have to fart to have even a hint of an air of 'Bad-Ass' anywhere near him.The place is quite large, with plenty of space for uncrowded games at a couple dozen or more pool tables, plus dart games, foosball, a few video games, vending machines, etc,etc.  There is a kind of a side room with tables for eating, etc, but that's where they put the poker tables.  The smoker's patio is just off this room, and the opening between has no door or enclosure at all.  This lets way too much smoke into the building, and I can't see how it fits with the current state laws.  I'm calling BullShooot!The servers here are abundant; I got serviced (i got served?  it all sounds wrong)  right away and never waited for refills.They keep 'em in tight tanks and jeans, and that works, of course, but anyone I interacted with was genuinely friendly.  Way better than the supoosedly spectacular yet overhyped "Santisi girls" http://www.yelp.com/biz/santisi-brothers-pizzeria-sports-grill-phoenix#hrid:KrS5soG4KwM92E1qVgTu2w Didn't eat, but they have a full (for a bar) menu of the usual stuff.BullShooters gives bar bucks as prizes for the poker tourney. I won a $10 gift certificate to spend there next time. Yea, me, for getting second place out of like 5 tables.  Shitchyea!
3	Ahha Bull shooters pool hall. With their 20 or so pool tables, wide variety of card games and a flat screen every ten feet surrounding the bar and entire area it's hard not to find something to enjoy. Drink prices are evenly priced with your domestics running bout 2.25 ta 3 bucks, and typical shot goin for  6. I've personaly enjoy the bartenders quick humor and ability to work the bar quickly. Thursday nights are usually pretty hoping. No bandanas or "colors" are allowed. Plus they have an indoor smoking area, so you can enjoy your smoke and beverage.
4	I like this place, I don't shoot pool as a social exercise, I shoot pool because it has some sort of Zen effect for me and frustrates me at the same time (thanks to my parents beating me regularly as a child instilling a perfectionist complex) I was shocked at how busy this place can get on a weekday evening. The pool rates are fantastic I think it was like $2 / hr during the day, shiiiii I can afford that. The 9ft ers that I have played on are in good shape with plenty of space between them. I have no complaints about this place, if it was closer to my house I would go more often.
4	Awesome fun place for all ages until curfew time when they kick kids out.  Plenty of fun playing pool, shuffleboard, darts...Great service.  Nice people. Diverse music.  Only downside is the food.  It's soooo bad don't even waste your money on it.
4	We came here for a small B-day party for myself, and I like the place.  None of us shot pool, but we had plenty to drink, and had a good time playing 80's music on the jukebox.  Lots of room between pool tables for the plus size to move around.  I had a great time w/my family and friends, and would return again.
4	A dear friend of mine turned 40 in January and her mother arranged for a get together to celebrate her birthday here. I was a little put off at the idea of a pool hall and when I looked up the location, I realized this had some other name when we were in high school and has been around for a long time. The whole Metro Center area has changed a lot over the years. Back in the 80's it was a great place to cruise (when we weren't on Central Avenue), but I digress. I borrowed mom's car, drove from Sun City and arrived close to the start time of the get together. I have been friends with Kari since we were 15 and by coming to town for her birthday weekend, was able to see some women I hadn't seen since we finished high school(back in 1989, yeah I know....)I had very low expectations and I was glad. The place is pretty run down but super low key. Had I been there for other reasons, I would have entered into one of their nightly poker tournaments, but I was there for other reasons. There was a small group of people for this shindig-around 15 at one point but really about 10 for the long haul. No one ended up playing pool, but there were tons of tables, along with darts and some video games. They had a great jukebox and we had a blast playing all sorts of music from several different decades. They offer food (no one ordered any), a full bar and lots of specials on beer. The cocktail waitresses were very nice but that could be because I tip very well, but it was fun.  This place could use a really good cleaning as I left smelling like something stale/moldy. Not such a good thing when only in town for the weekend with limited clothing. Thank you Febreeze!
4	We have been coming here since back in the day when it was six shooters. Came here tonight for good drinks, pool & UFC with friends! Yeah buddy!
3	I don't know if this place passed sanitary inspections but the number of pool tables is fun...smells funky too :/
1	The prices from the website to the menu and getting the bill are all different.  My husband got the burrito and was asked if he wanted it smothered and he said yes and come to find out afterwards that was extra and it was the same stuff that was in side the burrito.  Great place to play pool but watch out for the prices on the food and drinks.
4	Great place for billiards! Pool, darts & even shuffleboard. Has a very dive-y feel, which I love. Great happy hour prices and the smoking room is very convenient. Just wish I could get an itemized receipt, I just like to see exactly what is on my tab. Other than that, great! Oh and they usually have deals on Groupon.
4	This place is family owned and operated which is a good thing. It is a big place that has it all, big screens all around, UFC and sports, good food, strong drinks and good looking waitresses. The crowd in the place is very diverse and having been there on a few UFC nights it gets packed and noisy but its to be expected. The place is for pool players for sure with a Diamond house table, a couple Diamond bar tables, 8 and 9 foot Brunswicks, and Valley bar tables. Whatever game your looking for you will get it there as there are some good players who play there. Darts is also very popular there with leagues and tournaments going on. So whether you darts, pool or shuffleboard then this is a good spot for you.
4	This place has a lot of stuff to keep you entertained. Pool tables galore, a plethora of dart boards(steal tip and plastic), foosball, shuffle board, ping pong, video games, and if I remember correctly they have one of those basketball hoop shooting games too. They also have free poker on some nights.The staff can be up and down, but more often they are on the upside. The only downside is the clientele. I know it is a casual sports bar, but there seems to be a lot of trashy people that go there.
5	I was there last night, Monday night and this place is big!  If you are a native in town you can relate this place back to when we had The Golden 8 Ball in the Woolco shopping center off of 33rd ave & I.S. back before even Grand Central Station came in.   Anyway, this place is better because of the big horse shoe bar with very large areas all the way around it. I like that it feels more western than Scottsdaleish.  Karaoke on Sat,Sun& Mon.  The number of pool tables is amazing, along with all the dart and shuffle board, just to name a few.  There is a whole lot more to do in this place.  $2 draft beer during happy hour.   The decor and wood kinda reminded me of the bars that you see in old western movies.  Oh, and did I mention the killer outdoor patio....it too feels like you are still inside.  My server, Ruth, was really great coming around telling us all about the food and specials and finding us where ever we would move our party to.  Wish I had taken some pictures, next time I will.  Definately a place to take any out-of-towners for a "real' kinda bar.
2	Didn't think anyone could ruin chicken strips and Fries but they sure did tonight.  Strips were burnt and fries you could nearly crack a tooth on. But the ranch was excellent
4	Super duper friendly staff!!! The people playing pool are really friendly and helpful!!
3	This place is so huge! You have to watch the days you go during the week because they have a lot of pool and dart tournaments and it's hard to just casually play with friends. Most of the tables you pay by the hour instead of putting in quarters, which I do not like. The food is basically bar food- nothing special.I will admit I look very young for being 25 years old, but even after getting carded 4 times, I still get the stink eye from all the staff the entire time I am there. Even just walking outside for a smoke and coming back , I get carded again...come on now.
4	Finally, a straight up pool hall. They had pool, darts, table tennis and it looked like a few others. This place is huge! The staff was good and they know how to run a pool hall. They took care of the tables and sticks. The atmosphere was nice and well lite. They had a number of TV's and I really liked the softer music level, you could have a conversation to the person next to you pretty easily.if you're looking to play pool, this is it. I can't attest to the food but the beer was cheap and the tables were pretty average, $10 an hour or so. I'd come back for sure.
2	It is what it is here at this pool hall/dart throwing/poker playing bar.the food is worse then chillies, and the place definitely needs to be cleaned!!but they have cheap beer and fun poker where if its busy you can win $40 or $ off your bar tab.tip try the brownies or rice crispy treats at the bar that the owner makes!!
3	Went there with my boyfriend, and it was okay... the food wasn't all that great  but the service was.  the employees there were really nice.
2	WOAH!! not my scene at all... way too many people for my preference. If i was to describe this place I would say it is filled with people who never lived the college drinking life or miss it soo much that they try to relive it here.decent drink specials...way tooo crowded. Maybe cause i went on a fight night..There was barely anywhere to sit.
4	Great place to watch the UFC Fight's! I always have a blast! Reserve your tables and seats early.
4	Bullshooters is a great place to go to have a little fun.  During the day, there are hard core billiards players that flock there with their specialized equipment, but at night, most people are there to have fun.  There are tons of pool tables, electronic dart boards, and ping pong tables.  the beer selection leaves a lot to be desired, but the crowd is more Bud Light than craft most of the time.
2	This review is kind of late at being posted.  I have a handful of friends that come here often so come near years eve this is exactly where they wanted to go.  They always have the best stories about all the fun they had when they came here so I jumped on that bandwagon to go there for new years eve.  Specially when I found out that there was no door fee, or maybe it was no door fee before a certain time.  Either way I didn't pay to get in there.The place was shockingly huge, I didn't realize how big it would be, how many pool tables and other games there would be.  I loved that there was plenty of space where you wouldn't have to wait around forever for a table.But bummer, the place was also dead.  We sat around there for well over an hour waiting for it to pick up and when it didn't we opted to just go back to my friends house for new years night.  Maybe it was busy after we left, I wouldn't know because it was pretty dead the one time I went there.Didn't really seem like my kind of place but I know 6 other people that love it here so I'm just one of the few that wasn't into it.
5	My best girl friend bar tends there and her parent s that own the place are super awesome the mom makes the best Beef jerky. .. lol the drinks are good and good deals food is good 1 of my favorite spots..
1	This place blew on every level of suckness. I ended up in this dump because of a welcome home party for someone I indirectly knew. First, the waitress was as dumb as rocks. She kept coming back & telling us they were out of 9/10 beers on tap. 30 min later we got our room temperature pitcher. Secondly, I ordered cheese sticks & then waited 45m for some steaming pile of crap. The cheese sticks were way over cooked with the cheese pouring every where and there was some strange black substance covering them. Thirdly, when our waitress finally came back and informed us of our tabs, she over charged all of us, and never brought back our change. Then continued to come around once in a while and try to convince us we needed to pay for our tabs. I was hoping this would be a chill place to hang out and play pool but instead it's the epitome of low rent. Stay away if you want to hang on to your cash.
3	Place is huge. Plenty things to do and have a blast. It was a bit crowded and that didn't make it very fun. However we still found a way to enjoy ourselves. Plenty pool tables to play. Prices are very decent and you get what you paid for. Food is good, service could use a little help. Staff was scattered. There is a security guard. Maybe I'll have to try this place again and rate it when it isn't so crowded.
1	Music is entiely too loud to hold a conversation,  and it is not a safe place to be. People were fighting right outside the doors of the place and I was afraid they were going to pull a gun out. My purse got stolen right in front of me, and one of the bartenders said, "it happens". If you're looking for night in the ghetto, with callous customer service, and possibly being violated, then by all means give them your business.
2	Place is alright for a casual hangout spot...great if u like to keep to yourself an play pool..prices r fair...food is typical frozen bar food..but the mcdonalds n front takes care of that problem not much better but definitely cheaper
