5	My mom wanted to treat my wife and me to a dinner for our 2nd anniversary and couldn't of asked for a nicer place then Le Bistro Cafe. A small place (yes only 10 tables) but that added to the great time.Our server was really great as was the food, but before proceeding another plug for our server as she was very attentive, I know small place easy to be attentive, but not once did my water glass get empty. She simply was good. I had a 12oz sirloin that was prepared Cajun style by request and was one of the most yum yum for the tum tum steaks I've had in awhile. I'm not one for baked potato but at urging of our server I did and am glad I did it also was yum  and get this I the veggie hater had asparagus and though not yum yum I ate it all so that in itself is a big statement.My lovely bride had the Grilled Salmon and requested it medium rare and said it was perfect and she can be a big fuss when it comes to her fish. She as a side had rice risotto and was making noise on how good it was tooMy mom had something called chicken Milanese and a big serving it was and enjoyed it too. Other pluses was the bread with olive oil, strawberry swirl cheese cake, tiramisu. My bride had the latter and said it was some the best she ever had.The only down note is I'm from Chicago so I can't make this little hidden gem a regular spot but when visiting my mom again will be intentional on making Le Bistro Cafe a place to go
4	I wanted to start off my review by saying "A hole in the wall - what a great find!", but every restaurant in Boulder City seems like a hole in the wall... And not all of them are great finds... Le Bistro Cafe, which the sign actually says "The Bistro Cafe", is indeed a great find. It is so quaint and homey inside with an open kitchen. Once you are inside, you feel like you're at your favorite Italian Auntie's home. You just know you will have great food in your tummy tonight!The server brought us our bread and drinks right away. The bread was nice and hot. It was baked with Italian seasoning and cheese on top. Yummy. We had a bottle of table wine - it was a blend of everything - recommended by the server. It was a good wine that everyone can enjoy with our food. We started off with the clams appetizer. It was broiled in a tomatoes red sauce. The clams were so big and fat - they were delicious! Must try it if you like seafood. I had the shrimps pomodoro. The shrimps were tiger shrimps - they were huge! And fresh!! The sauce was very light and was made with fresh tomatoes. It was all you can ask for in a shrimps pomodoro. There weren't really anything that I can complain about with my dish. One of my dining companion had the shrimps and scallops penne. I tried the scallops, and it was delicious!!! I love scallops, and I have eaten my share of scallops, but one thing I find is that most restaurants either overcook the scallops or undercook the scallops. Either way is a waste of a fresh scallop. Not at Le Bistro! The scallops were cooked just right, and the seasoning was perfect. Not too strong or too light - it complemented the penne and shrimps perfectly!The boyfriend had the chicken parmesan. He liked it enough, but I thought it was delicious - yet again!!! The sauce was different from the typical parmesan. This sauce was light, which I prefer. The chicken was not too tough, and you can still taste the breading. Awesome dish, I thought. This has became one of my favorite restaurants. I really want to try everything on the menu now. My drive to this restaurant is about 30 minutes, and it is definitely worth the drive. Buon Appetito!
4	This place is so lucky it redeemed itself with fantastic food, because the notes I was taking weren't so hot. This really is a prime example for Kitchen Nightmares. First, the hostess made the mistake of making us stand by the door for 15 minutes after scoffing that we didn't have reservations. She literally acted like she hoped we would just leave. Finally she said, "well I can sit you at the bar if you want". Then another 10 minutes to get us menus.Let's just say, sitting at the bar gave us the extreme look into the kitchen and all it's awfulness. Without seeing "behind the scenes" I might have felt more favorable about the restaurant in general.First of all, they had three waitstaff, except there was a guy doing drinks and the blonde lady who was taking orders. Then you have this 15 year old girl (approx.) running around serving all the tables, making all of the salads from scratch, cooking the bread, delivering the bread, fetching refills on drinks, gathering the dirty dishes and bringing them out back and even doing prep work for the cooks. The poor girl was running around like a chicken with her head cut off and didn't even have a frown about it. Nobody else on the staff even cracked a smile, never mind even talked to each other.I also have to give props to the chef who was very attentive and made sure everyone liked their food. When he made a steak, he made sure it was cooked exactly how they wanted it and refired when necessary. And the food was amazing, so he's got it going on.Unfortunately, there were a few things. First, the salad bowls are inches from the ground, on the bottom shelf of the prep table. When the girl made a salad, she was pulling it up from the bottom shelf to use the bowl to mix the salad in. Too close to the floor for my taste. Also, all the salads besides Caesar have MOUNDS of Olives in them, so make sure to ask for no olives if you don't like them.Also, the lettuce bin is in the drink station, located an inch from the handwashing station. It would be a miracle if spilled drinks and soap didn't get into the lettuce.They also use frozen fish. I don't eat fish, but I'm sure people care about this.HOWEVER, in terms of our food... it was fantastic. I got the Rigatoni Arriabata and it was probably the best I've ever tasted. It's very spicy, but that's just how I like it. My boyfriend got a steak and it was seasoned well and cooked perfectly.Honestly, the chef and the young girl pretty much ran the restaurant themselves. The blonde just walked around aimlessly and I have no idea what I guy was doing besides giving more dishes to the young girl to bring out back. Maybe he was waiting tables, but I only ever saw him making drinks.Like I said.. GREAT food but a prime candidate for Kitchen Nightmares. Also, I recommend the Caesar Salad. I didn't get it, but the garden salad was full of chopped olives and terrible.
5	I was visiting mom again this time with my brother who enjoys a good steak, my mom of course had to take 'the boys' out for that steak. The suggestions were Tony Romas or Le Bistro for me it was Bistro all the way until my brother suggested "Outback" ????? I convinced him a Bistro New York strip would best anything Outback could ever dream of serving.So Bistro it was and five star satisfaction it was again
2	Where to begin...We went to le Bistro one evening and the hostess was RUDE! She asked if we had reservations and while the place was rather empty (it didn't fill up) she tried to make us sit at the bar.  We waited quite awhile for a crumpled up piece of paper known as their "Wine List"...I opted for water at this point.  We ordered and our food arrived..when I asked for more bread with our dinner she ignored me!!Chicken Parm...not bad not great...it was really tender but also very soggy. I am more a fan of crispy Chicken Parm..but this is just my choice.The spicy sausage and pasta was very yummy and had a bite not TOO spicy..it was greatWhere it gets uncomfortable and the reason I will not return is the fact that the OWNER was DRUNK and flirting with girls very very VERY LOUDLY. He kept demanding his staff "make him money" and "get shots over now". It was so loud and obnoxious I just wanted my bill and to get out of there. He eventually talked his female friends to go to another bar I took note of where they went and did not follow. Food wasn't bad but the OWNER of all people should stay away from this place if he's wasted..he should have been mortified of his actions...
1	This should be zero stars. Well the food was good until... We left Le Bistro and caught the owner urinating out in the side parking lot. He was shocked, embarrassed, he laughed and then ran inside to get away from us. Now my wife and I are disgusted with the whole place. I know Kevin was shocked also due to the fact he just spoke to us so he knows we were just inside eating his food. Yuck. What a bad day.
4	I have been going here for years. They have the best twice baked potato. The steak is amazing and the fresh bread with there seasonings on them all warm is to die for. This place has great food and good prices. The reason it is not a 5 star is because the service is always painfully slow. If I am in a hurry I will not eat here. The staff is friendly and nice and I know its because they are busy but i feel like if you are consistently busy certain nights perhaps you should staff more.
5	My friend and I had great meals, both linguini and clams, different sauces. Nice service. Small with open kitchen. Pleasant surprise on main highway near Hoover Dam.
2	The Bistro is one of my favorite places to eat in Boulder! Passing through last week we stopped in for lunch. The menu had a great variety of sandwiches and the ones we tried were superb!!! But the rating of the 2 stars was giving because the service was poor and deeply disappointing :(  Putting it nicely, the waitresses mood was unpleasant. She was tired and slow, we've never had lunch take so long. The Bistro should really seek someone who knows their job and how to provide "good service" to their customers like we've had in the past dining with them. It is such a shame for us to say that our experience with lunch at The Bistro was such a flop!
1	Everything appears fine, hostess was nice to us w/out resv.  O.K!We sat by the front window, small not bad seat except when the front door opens.... in with the wind comes the dusty debris off the parking lot.   FailOrdered Steak & Shrimp special.  The cook must have a huge penchant for parm cheese.  It was ALL over the steak and gave it an off taste (burnt on) and extremely salty.  Same with the shrimp.  Why SO much parm cheese I have no idea.  FailTo add insult to his OWN COOKING, everything on the plate was HEAVILY salted.   All over the asparagus, dumped on the steak as well as my wife's chicken picada.    FailWell, I understand why in Boulder City on a dusty highway WITHOUT any competition.    Hey chef, I hope you are readying this.... THROW AWAY THE SALT SHAKER.   If you are not reading this.... SOMEBODY SHOW HIM.  The dishes are all good conceptually, just not executed properly.  You can't earn anymore than one star with food like that.  Expensive ingredients hacked.
3	This has been my favorite place in Boulder for years, but the quality and service has been slipping lately.  I picked up a call in order Friday and while I was waiting watched a lady sitting down from me at the bar send her food back, and watched the cook identify the cause as bad cream. The salmon was not quite right, and our dinner overall was a bit off.  I have had really great meals here, but the last few times didn't really measure up to what I would do at home.  Please implement better quality management so that we can have at least one fine dining place in Boulder.
4	If you like scallops go here!
5	We've been coming here for several years when we travel north from Arizona.  It is a great little restaurant. They have not dropped the ball even with an ownership change. Food is excellent.  Service is a little slow when they are busy, otherwise fine.  We wish them well and will return on our next trip.
2	I really wanted to like this place. The previous reviews were promising. The small-ness of the place didn't bother me. The server was friendly enough. The cocktails were decent. My halibut was COLD in the middle. I'm not expecting super fresh fish in the middle of Boulder City but at least thaw it first. It turned me off so badly my appetite was ruined. This was my 1st time at the Bistro and it will be my last.
2	I asked to come to this restaurant as we had dined here previously with our neighbors so what better place for a romantic Birthday with my honey. He had made the reservation and advised it was my birthday which he did as a surprise to me. The surprise was they forgot, some 50th birthday celebration that was. As we got up to leave they pulled my partner back in to apologize.  Too late then when I had already left.The food was really tasteful and arrived promptly, but the experience is not just the food, it is the whole evening. I am crossing this off my list of favorite places.
4	So glad we came back to Bistro, it was just as good as ever.  Had a delicious dinner at a very reasonable price. Thank Bryce!!
5	We were spending the night in Boulder City, NV on 12/28/13 and arrived about dinner time so we asked the woman at the front desk of our hotel for a restaurant recommendation.  She suggested The Bistro if we liked Italian, so we looked up the menu online in our room and decided to give it a try.  We didn't have reservations and it was busy the Saturday night after Christmas, but there were two tables available so they sat us at one of them.  The menu was impressive and the entrees we ordered were really delicious.  Their hot bread was very tasty and the salads cold and crisp and my Caesar was really good. While my husband enjoyed the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and broccoli (he likes it when the broccoli is still crunchy) I loved my Linguine and Clams (a dozen of them!) in white wine sauce.  Prices were reasonable and the service was good and friendly.  Definitely a place we'll try again when we pass through next Christmas.
5	I'm from Mississippi and am here working for 2 months...."love" this little restaurant! The waitress hasn't suggested anything that I didn't love! It's great food with even better service!
5	Holy cow!  Don't miss this culinary experience. It's small, set back in the street and you may overlook Bistro but don't. Park and get your ass in there!  Laurel greets you with grace and knows her menu and gives great suggestions (and even makes great salads).  Patrick is the "artist in the kitchen" and his skills way beyond our expectations!  The flavors burst with artichoke, mushroom, garlic, tomato and compels you to keep eating even when your full!  Great reasonable prices and suburb service.  Don't miss this gem!
4	Wow!! Owner Bryce Hansen, Chef Patrick and the entire Bistro crew knock it out of the park every single time! Simply the most amazing pastas, artistically prepared in every style imaginable: Arrabiata, Bolognese, Pomodoro, Marinara and more...all made-from-scratch secret sauces, deliciously moist and packed with flavor.  Cajun salmon, Shrimp Pomodoro, Steamed Clams and the absolute best steak filets on the planet. Everything consistently prepared and delivered from the decks of a unique, open-style kitchen with friendly, attentive service and warm, bistro ambiance. The twice-baked potato and rice pilaf are heavenly. Phenomenal house salad and toasty, fresh-baked baguettes worth a visit on their own.  And the new lunch menu rocks! If you haven't tried The Bistro you're in for a real treat...if you have, you already know;))
1	This was out first visit. We went on a Monday night. We are wine people. They had a "baby Amarone" on the specials board. I asked the waitress, what this was. She had no idea. She brought a bottle over. The bottle was hot to the touch. She said the wine sits in the sun all day. I settled for water. I am gluten free. I can't help it. Gluten makes me ill. The Bistro does not have a gluten fee menu. I chose the almond salmon. My wife had a chicken dish. Mine came with twice baked potatoes. The waitress said she would ensure they were gluten free. After a while, when we had not seen our waitress, we asked another waitress. She said he potatoes were not gluten free.  I settled on a plain baked potato. After more than an hour, our food arrived. Not sure why the delay. There were only five tables occupied. My baked potato turned out to be potato medallions. My wife said her chicken had a refrigerator taste. My salmon was too dry to eat. Our waitress said she was sorry as she gave us he check.
2	Not my favorite meal. While the staff was very nice and they tried hard, the food wasn't particularly good and their red wines were really warm (kept by the window; not temp controlled). I had the chicken parmesan and it had that 'refrigerator' taste. My twice-baked potato was burnt on the bottom. My husband's almond salmon was really dry. He liked their chicken soup, though. If you are gluten-free, this is not your best choice. I'm not convinced that they really understand the ramifications to someone who is allergic to gluten. The decor is quaint and the restaurant seems to be enjoyed by some of the locals.
1	Used to love the Bistro.  Then I had lunch there.  The Philly Cheese Steak was repugnant.  I've eaten Philly-style steak sandwiches for 50 years.  I grew up summers in the the Philadelphia area.  The tough, overcooked, thick sliced meat on garlic bread was truly offensive.  I'm a long term customer who will not be back.  I'm glad there are lots of Capriottis around.
2	Tried to make reservations but their automated system wasn't working right and when we showed up they didn't have our reservations. We were able to get at a  table but the flies would not leave us alone! Bread was good and wine was nice. It wasn't crowded, but they brought out the wrong meal to my husband. He thoroughly enjoyed his meal. I ordered pasta with basil, garlic and tomatoes yet it was so spicy I had to send it back. By the time they even came to check on us,  my husband was more than halfway done with his meal. She said she  didn't know why it's spicy and wasn't too eager to offer me something else. At that point my husband would have been done with his meal anyway. Romantic dinner date ruined by their poor service, flies, and spicy food (not mentioned on menu.)
