5	My sweet guy mentioned one day he would like a wallet from Louis Vuitton. So I go to Scottsdale Fashion Square and find the store. I was greeted by a nice young man and mention what I am looking for. He showed me what they had, which is very limited. I pick the wallet that would suit Gus's needs and desire, They wrap it up for me and on my way I go. Gus was very pleased to get this present and it is a good thing too since I can not believe how much money they want for plastic.
5	Of course the one bag I wanted was not in stock but the sales specialist, Stacy Gilbert was kind enough to let me know she could order it for me after searching in the back a few times.  I never got the sales pressure and I appreciate that!  She's funny and made the shopping experience cool.
4	Having been to LV in NYC and in Beverly Hills,I was already obssesed.Im new to Phoenix and couldnt wait to find out what sort of shopping it has to offer.While not as big asthe others,it's clean and the salesman was very nice helping me pick a luggage set as a gift to my husband.Even though they didn't have one of the pieces I needed he went online and ordered it for me.I will come back when its time to buy another anniversary present or maybe just reward myself once in a while once my wallet is done screaming from the last purchase.
5	The salesman, which was a seasonal employee (forgot his name, young caucasian gentleman) was so nice and helpful. He tried to accommodate my purse needs and in the end founded something I like. While waiting to be rung up, he provided complimentary Perrier sparking water.I would have to say, this LV has the one of the best customer service compared to the bay area. Aiming towards Stanford and especially Valley Fair Staff.
4	Costumer service here is great, this is not one of the typical LV when you came inside the're gonna look at you from head to toe. So I would recommend this store to shop if you like shopping at LV.
4	Customer service is always perfect!  If you know ahead of time which items you're interested in you may want to call ahead because their inventory on particular items seems to be limited which has caused delays for me.  In addition to purchases I've had this location assist with submitting a repair request and product exchange.  Each interaction was smooth and efficient. (aside from the 6 week waiting period for the handbag to be repaired!)
2	Associates are stuck up; very poor customer service.  Took my mom here when she came to visit from TX.  She had decided she wanted to buy a new handbag she had her heart set on.  This was not our first time to this location or other LV stores.  My mom owns several LVs and high end designer bags so she knows what level of service to expect from stores such as LV.  Usually customers are warmly greeted as they walk in.  When we went no one greeted us at all.  We proceeded straight to where the handbag was displayed.  No one was available right away to help us so we patiently waited at the counter.  The store wasn't super busy but the associates on the floor were all assisting other customers.  After standing there for about 1-2 mins another customer walked in and came up to the counter next to us.  An LV associate walked out from the back, briefly glanced at us and continued to walk right past us and up to the other woman and asked how she could help her.  The women said she was still browsing. We watched as the associate continued on and approached another male customer and offered her assistance.  We continued to wait there for someone else but I was completely disgusted at that point.  After waiting a while and still no one greeting us or offering assistance we left.  My mom decided not to buy her LV here. Instead we went to Neiman Marcus to check out Chanel.  If these associates work on commission or quotas they missed out on a pretty good and easy sale!
5	I will give this LV a 5 star because of the great service I received from ALEJANDRO HERNANDEZ.  He was kind, helpful, and patient.  I went in there in my UCLA sweater and Nike Shox, but I knew what I wanted so I did not mind getting immediate attention like I do at the LV's in South Coast or Beverly Hills.  A particular chubby, hairy, sales girl walked right by me, and went to help a caucasian couple.  They made her pull out all kinds of handbags but they ended up buying NOTHING HA !!  Then sweetheart Alejandro came out and showed me a few handbags that I liked.  I was pleased with his service. I just wish that this Louis Vuitton store had more Alma MM handbags...
5	I went here yesterday to purchase a bag.  After searching the internet for styles that I like, I came in armed with the names of about 10 bags.  Stacy was so awesome, she took each and every bag I wrote down for me to try on.  She knew that this was my first LV purchase and she made the "experience" so nice.  I wish buying something was always this pleasant.  I will be back to round off the purchase with a new wallet, with no money to put in there, since I spent it all in the store.
5	I've purchased a few bags here and the experience is always wonderful. I was just recently helped by Jackie and she was so nice, friendly, helpful, and professional. I came in on Wednesday looking for the Neverfull MM Damier Ebene but wasn't sure if I wanted the GM instead. (I had called earlier to confirm they had the MM and coincidentally spoke with Jackie who was so nice and confirmed they did have the MM in Damier Ebene in stock). Jackie helped me look at the two bags, fill up the MM with wallets so get a better idea of the weight and was not pushy in any way. I would love to work with her in the future for any additional purchases I make here.I transferred my purse items into my new Neverfull MM -- the GM was GIANT -- and she still gave me a box and giant LV shopping bag. Wonderful experience. I came in just before close, like 20-30 minutes I think, but usually they offer you champagne or water when you are in the middle of a intense shopping excusion here :) I spent maybe 15 mins in the store but I'm sure if I had been browsing more I would have been offered my choice of beverages. All in all a WONDERFUL experience and thank you Jackie for all of your help!
1	We went to this location while we were in Scottsdale for the weekend. The initial sales associate that assisted us was really friendly and helped me pick out a bag. She gave me a bottle of pierre while she rang us up. I threw the bottle of water into the shopping bag when we left LV to continue shopping. Unfortunately, the bottle of Pierre had a defective cap and leaked all over the bag. We went back to LV to exchange the bag for the exact same one within 30 minutes of the purchase. The manager was unwilling to exchange the bag or replace the strap that had water damage. She said that she can't "return or exchange anything that is worn from regular wear". Regular wear?! We just bought the bag 30 minutes ago and the water that your store gave us had a defective cap and leaked!! She was also one of those fake nice type of person, the type that says everything in a friendly tone but everything she says is actually mean. She also threw out our bottle of Pierre and when we asked for it back, she said she couldn't find it. Without another option here, we called our girl at south coast plaza and she told us to take it in to her and she'll exchange it with no problems. After we finished with the phone call, the manager comes over and says that she found an extra strap and will replace it for us. I don't understand why she would act like such a b for 10 minutes and then at the end, resolve the issue. I guess that's what we get for going to a different LV.So, the star is for the girl that helped us initially. She was great, I would give her a five star for the service she gave us. Unfortunately, management needs an attitude adjustment. We won't be back to this LV again.
1	I have been an LV customer since 1983. I purchased a small suitcase about 10 years ago, it is in mint condition as the customer service rep noted, used about 10 times. The strapping on the side began to literally deteriorate, I was told it would be $500 to fix for a small piece of rubber material. $500. I would not recommend Louis Vuitton products for their use of materials that fall apart, their lack of customer service and obviously the cost of repairs. I noted when I was in the store the strapping on the new bags was replaced by a much stronger material. They must have changed it because they had problems. I will never purchase another LV bag again.Questions? suzette @mac.com
4	So, I guess I can't really hold grudges against places I go to all the time. We're in Scottsdale quite a bit because my guy's father lives over there. This Louis Vuitton is also well stocked and the sales associate are really friendly. We like dealing with Jocelyn when she's in. I haven't bumped into that rude manager since last fall. AND they give out water that have regular screw on caps now instead of the pierre with the metal cap so hopefully, no one will ever get water leaked onto their brand new purses ever again!
5	I love Louis Vuitton and the Fashion Square store is beautiful, clean, and has awesome window displays. The associates have always been professional and nice to me. The store manager Lynne is an absolute sweetheart and will show me tons and tons of stuff to help me make a decision. I have always been greeted upon entering.
4	Summer 2013 bags are HOT!!  I receive an email from Louis Vuitton with a stunner on the cover and immediately jump on line only to find it's sold out.  I called this store and they had a couple so I headed down.  I must say, this is a good size Louis Vuitton!  I've been in more than a few and this one seemed to have the biggest shoe selection and almost every bag on display.  I was greeted immediately by two sales people but one realized she spoke with me on the phone so she was the one that sold me the bag.  I told her what I wanted and she produced it from the back in short order, taking it out of the cover to show me.  It's even more gorgeous in person so I tell her to wrap it up.   She was friendly and efficient - my experience was a good one but Louis rarely disappoints.The reason this isn't a five star is that I feel that these folks need to learn a little something from the staff that work in the Chanel stores.  When I walk into Chanel, everyone is professional and the security is extremely subtle.  Every Louis store has conspicuous security staff and, aside from the clerk helping you, the rest of the folks on the floor engage in chit chat amongst themselves and don't greet you as you pass.
1	I have had three horrific experiences with this store. The first time was 3 years ago-rude SA that refused to help with a mens wallet that I had just purchased and after 3 weeks, mysteriously started to wrinkle. It's funny BC the store in Tucson was willing to help out and sent it in for repair and ended up giving us a brand new replacement wallet.  The second time I had an issue was 4 weeks ago.  I brought in my Delightful to have the handle hot stamped with my initials. I wanted it in a specific location and noted this to the SA. Directions weren't followed and it was hot stamped in the wrong location. Another SA helped me out when I picked up the bag. When I told her the mistake she immediately apologized and offered to send it in for a free repair.  I wish I knew her name because she has always been really sweet and helpful. So thank you lady with the short blonde hair that is about 40. It was annoying to have my bag gone for 2 weeks but I didn't dwell. I went back today, and of course the handle, being brand new, doesn't match the rest of the trim on the bag. Not a big deal, I understood this would happen. So this time Larissa Huebner (manager) helped me out. I described the initial hot stamping incident and how they had messed up the first time. I even put the bag on my shoulder to show her exactly where I wanted the hot stamp to be. When I took it off she placed a tag around the location to mark it. Apparently she placed it in the wrong location BC when I received the bag it was AGAIN in the wrong location. How in the world did they happen to make the same mistake twice? Instead of apologizing, Larissa's first words were something to the effect of "that's where you told me you wanted it." HELLO?! I think I know where I wanted it, and I definitely showed her while the damn bag was on my shoulder. She continued to assert that I gave her the okay to put the hot stamp there. No, lady. If I wanted it there I would not have gotten it repaired in the first place. So people, please be warned that the manager has issues with how to treat a customer and owning up to her mistakes. Instead of owning up to a blatant mistake she will try to redirect the blame onto you.  Since I'm talking about hot stamping I should also mention that the hot stamp on my Neverfull is horrifically crooked but I never complained. For a store with such a high reputation one would think they could expect to receive quality workmanship. I may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work.  Also, I spoke with someone who does not work for the store but has very close ties to the store who attests to the fact that Larissa H. and the rest of the girls that work at this LV location are always on massive power trips and would rather a customer leave upset and unhappy than feel their "power" has been treaded on.
4	What is there NOT to love about LV?!  This particular store however did not have a great selection, hence the 4 stars.  Otherwise, all day everyday, LV rocks my world =)
5	I travel a great deal and am just now becoming more and more familiar with the LV world.  The customer service at this location has been nothing less than stellar on all of my visits within the last three months.  Having been in the retail world for 40+ years, I recognize outstanding customer service, and if I didn't know better, i would think that Jackie wrote the book.  Extremely knowledgable about the product and sincere in her approach and makes sure that her customer is happy.After purchasing two bags from Jackie, I inquired about one I had seen in some LV advertising that I could not find on the internet.  Jackie explained that this particular bag was generally found in the much larger stores, but that she could order one for me.  Additionally, I was told that there is only one man along with his son that make this particular style (Steamer Bag), and that he was about to retire. Due to the price, I was hesitant to order a brand new one, but did just happen to find one on Ebay.  She was just as excited about my purchase as I was and asked me to bring it in.  Of course, there have been some small items purchased as well and I am now anxiously awaiting another bag (Cruiser 45) that she has ordered for me.  Thanks, Jackie!!!  You're the best!
5	Bought LV at this store, my first one was purchased in Las Vegas, a Neverfull Damier Ebene GM.  Went there not sure which bag  I wanted.  My SA was Tiffany.  She gladly showed me an Alma, a Speedy, an Artsy and a Tivoli.  Settled on another Neverfull BM Monogram.  Love it.  Tiffany was pleasant and helpful.  My experience was great.  Will go back to buy a Speedy Damier, the large one soon!
5	What's not to love about Louis V??? Always go here to see the seasons newest and best! I'm in love with red! When not in Paris ... Scottsdale will have to do! Love my LV!
1	I will NEVER buy from Louis Vuitton after visiting this store. Their manager, Nancy, and all their sales associates are the rudest people I've ever encountered. They incorrectly charged my boyfriend's card $1,200 and wouldn't refund it; acting like we are the criminals when they were committing a class 5 felony. I can't believe they can sell so many purses while treating their customers like garbage.  I don't want to go into too much detail because it's a long story, but trust me it has been terrible. Don't ever buy from here.
5	Excellent customer service. Even though Im not a baseball player and/or their wives- I was attended to as if I was the only one in the store.No pretentious attitudes from the salespeople as I've experienced before in other LV storesI'll def be back
5	Bought my very first Speedy bag here. I will always have my Speedy and she will remain a timeless classic, as would any Chanel piece, etc.Felt very welcome in their store and sales associates were all very friendly and helpful.Yes, I am a bit of an LV fanatical. Once you buy one, you're hooked for life. *sigh*
5	Umm... It's LV, what else can i say?!?! Totes, clutches, shoes. Classy than most bags. Wait....besides chanel. But Lv is a reasonable investment Top notch customer service.  Never rushed or persuasion. H2o at your service, I just love it here
5	I am in heaven here!  I never had any issues talking to the staff here.  I like this LV a lot because they have a wide selection of bags.  (More than the one near the Biltmore)I am looking forward to coming back and getting more beautiful high quality bags.  I always try to call to see what's available since I'm in the other side of town, but the drive is worth it.   happy shopping!
1	Horrific customer service & owning up to poor quality workmanship. Manager (very rude & snooty) redirected & basically blamed BFF that she must have stored it (never used new) incorrectly for the handle to leak glue & damage the purse. She wouldnt issue a credit & said it couldn't be fixed w/o $ or guarantee. NEVER buy LV! BUY Gucci across the mall from them. Too bad cause sales staff was great though.
5	My absolute favorite store on the planet! This store is very expensive, averaging about $500 for a wallet, and $1200 for a purse. What really stood out for me about this Louis Vuitton, which is located inside Scottsdale Fashion Square, is that the staff was very polite! I will definitely be back next time I'm down to my AZ house to make sure Nancy gets my commission from me again! This store is smaller than some of the Louis Vuitton stores so have been too, but they still have an excellent selection! It makes a big difference to me that they were polite, because I have been treated poorly at a different Louis Vuitton store because I am a college student so I look out of place in them. Staff friendliness goes a LONG WAY in determining the overall shopping experience.
1	My wife and I bought a $1500 Louis Vuitton hand bag three years ago and its falling apart.  There are several cracks all around the top and the leather that holds the straps has torn.  When we took it in to see if they could fix it we were told "no, and thats what sometimes happens".  I guess we thought they would stand behind a bag like that and hoped it would last longer than a couple of years, especially since she hardly used it.  Or at least have a way of fixing it in house.  :-(
5	I went in here today with a certain wallet in mind, but the particular color I wanted was discontinued. As sad as I was about that, Larissa H. was a huge help to me. She showed me many styles and colors similar to what I was after. She was beyond friendly and helpful. I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt so I didn't know if anyone would really help me as that's happened to me in the past, but this was not the case at all. She even wrote down the names of the wallets I liked that we looked at along with more info so I could glance at them online. I am very very happy with my visit and can't wait to come in here to get my wallet after I make my decision. Thank you so much Larissa H. for the help!
1	bought 2 wallets, 2 bags, and a belt from the fashion square location, their product quality is not worth the money. When I told the manager that the stitches in one of my wallets was starting to come out and some other defects they were rude to me and treated me like im some trash. my family and I are never going to go back their again.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE DON'T SHOP THERE.
4	How do you give Louis Vuitton four stars?!  My review is focusing mainly on the customer service, not necessarily the products.  You either get why someone would spend thousands of dollars on bag or you don't.  And if you're going to drop big money on anything, I think you should at least like it enough to want to give it five stars.  So that's why this review isn't about their merchandise. I went to Scottsdale Fashion Square in search of a new bag for work.  When I went into Louis Vuitton, a sales associate came up to me and asked if she could assist me.  I had done a little research on their website to identify pieces that I wanted to look at in person.  There were really only need three bags I wanted to see.  As I told her the ones that I wanted to look at she seemed a little annoyed that I wanted to look at more than one.  It might have just been her demeanor, but I think if you're going to work at a place that sells high-end items then you should at least smile.  My plan was to pick up a wallet as well.  I felt uncomfortable even asking her if I could look at the wallets because she was so cold.  I found it odd that she would stick her hand out for me to give her the wallet back in order for me to look at the next piece.  It made me feel like she thought I would steal it or something.  Also, I wasn't really able to compare each piece with each other.  At that point I just left.  I was no longer in a shopping mood.But then I still needed a bag for work so I went back the next day.  This time an associate named Julian help to me.  From the start he was the perfect balance of cheerful and professional!  This time I felt comfortable enough to really examine the bags.  I took my time and Julian was really patient with me.  He laid out each piece that I wanted to see so that I could compare the size and structure of each bag.  Once I had made my selection Julian made sure that I didn't go home with the floor model, so that it was a brand-new piece that had not been handled by many people!  Onto the wallets!  Again I was able to have the pieces laid out so that I could compare them.  I asked him if I could get my initials hot stamped on the wallet, complimentary service that they offer.  I didn't have to wait long for my wallet to get hot stamped, which made me really happy.Because of my experience on my second trip,  I feel confident that I chose the right bag and wallet for me.
1	Horrible service, the SAs and store managers are very rude. Will not buy LV again!
