5	Always good inexpensive food and margaritas. Friendly staff. You might even see Elvis there!
3	Arrived late on a Friday night and had no wait time. Staff was very friendly and food was good. I had the Hawaiian quesadilla and would get it again for sure!  Probably not going to be added to my favorite Mexican places, but definitely doable.  Reasonsably priced and great service with an extensive menu with many mix and match options!  Check it out!
5	This place is awesome! I am so glad we came here instead. Food was great and service was awesome! Come here if u want some awesome Mexican food!
4	Today's visit was our third to a Mexican restaurant this weekend.  Hot tortilla chips and pretty decent salsa curbed our appetite while we waited for the inlaws to arrive...In my opinion salsa can always used more cilantro!  Today I ordered the chicken quesadilla from the lunch menu for $5.99 and it was a great size for the money and the rice was good as well.  Service was good and very attentive...bill was combined and had to be split at the door which is kind of irritating, but all in all another good trip.  Maybe Rey's is growing on me :)
4	Great little place just across the border.  Food is always great as well as service.
4	Yummy! Love the salsa and homemade tortillas! So far haven't had anything bad! Love the Cozumel burrito! But be warned, it's HUGE and is served with sides of refried beans with cheese on top, and  mexican rice. I recommend the chicken soup, served with fresh avacado on top and a lime on the side to squeeze into it just before you eat it. It's to die for!This place tends to be packed on Friday nites, but go during the week and it's great.Casual atmosphere, has outside seating when it's not broiling hot outside, and altho they do have a bar, it tends to lean towards a family dining kinda place.
2	Hola amigos.  Rey Azteca is your typical Mexican restaurant... the music, the decor, the ambiance... I actually like the II location up the street better... its newer and definitely cleaner.As to the food, Yelp's default wording "Meh, I've had better" is the perfect description.  The service is pretty good though.
4	The Charlotte area has a plethora of smaller Americanized Mexican restaurants and most of them are pretty similar. Chips and salsa while you look at the menu. The menu is a study of how many different ways you can put chicken or beef inside of a tortilla shell of some sort. Rice and beans on the side. And served with a Mexican beer or a margarita. Most of them are so similar that they could almost be considered a chain.Rey Azteca brings that to the Fort Mill area, where Tryon crosses over Lake Wylie into South Carolina. In a strip mall, they have a couple of signs out front.inside, it's the same as any other "Ameri-Mexican" I've eaten at. Booths along the walls, tables in the center and such. The menu has some lunch and dinner specials. Chips were crisp and warm. Salsa wasn't too thin.The food arrived quite hot and with a good portion. Not too spicy, not too bland. I cleared the plate.Check arrived and for $10 with tip, I left with a full tummy and a satisfied palate.I'd return.
5	By far, the BEST Mexican restaurant we have discovered since moving to SW Charlotte 2 1/2 years ago!  The cheese dip, salsa, margarita's, EVERYTHING good!  Great atmosphere with Mexican music, and an absoulutely fantastic STAFF that goes out of their way to make the night special for you!  Two thumbs up!!
5	I'm driving around the Carolinas, and I was nursing more than a few hunger pains when I looked this place up. We fed 3 people for under 20$ off the lunch menu, and the service was prompt, friendly, and polite.  The restaurant was clean, kid friendly.  I had the Spinach enchiladas which I promptly inhaled. I decided that I have to leave a review for any other travelers looking for a bite -- stop here!
5	Great place and has been for several years now.  I love the El Cancun burritos and they always have great specials
5	This place is the best Mexican food around, no question. The chips and salsa are very very good and the food never disappoints. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. Arroz con pollo is an easy call but the menu has plenty to offer! COLD BEER!!!
4	Great little hidden joint just across Buster Boyd Bridge in SC.  Just like most all Mexican Restaurants they start you off with Chips & Salsa. The salsa was great! It was well favored with the right amount of kick. It you don't like spicy this my be a little hot. I ordered the combination #18 (burrito, taco, rice & beans). The ground beef was seasoned well. They were a little skimpy on the rice. The beans were favored as well and weren't dry. My wife ordered the Pollo Con Crema. It was really good as well. The chicken was well seasoned & grilled perfectly.  The Crema was good, maybe a little heavy on the sour cream size. Again they were a little skimpy on the rice. Overall. I will definitely come back & I recommend crossing the border for it!
1	Meh, at best.  We were seated immediately but it took our server 7 minutes to acknowledge we were there.  The queso dip was cold & thick.  The food was very mediocre.  I will never spend another dime here.
1	This was the worst Mexican food I've ever had!! First off ordered a margarita came to the table looking very weak and it tasted even worse I had to send it back! I decided to just go with a draft beer which is very hard to screw up. They give you free chips with salsa the salsa was nothing special either no kick, then came the enchiladas I ordered one word Terrible too much cheese on top, shredded chicken with no flavor inside and not one decimal of spice! The service was slow and prices were way too high for this place! The only thing positive I have to say is the cervaza was cold
4	Great food and large portions.  They have great lunch specials.  I can't complain about this place at all.
