5	A completely unexpected find. While on a trip to Madison we wandered into this cafe after checking out the local grocery across the street (it's an odd obsession of ours to check out grocery stores when in a new town). When you're starving and pop into the first place you see, you hope for a sandwich with no mold on the bread and a halfway clean glass for your soda. This was light years beyond that.I had the special salad of the day. It was delicious, a mixture of greens with just a sprinkling of crunchy celery, and full of huge chunks of the tastiest creamy blue cheese I've had in a very long time. My lunch companion had soup which she declared to also be delicious. Decor was a tad dark, and since we were there for a late lunch we were the only ones not sitting alone playing with laptops. However, the tchotkes and lending library helped create a friendly neighborhood hangout feel.
4	If you need a tasty breakfast for cheap, saunter in here(well, the sauntering might cause some dirty looks--it's pretty low key). This place has tasty treats behind the glass case, and a variety of breakfast dishes on their menu. I love the vast bread choices, and the fact that they serve Alterra Coffee(our fave). A bit of interesting art to view, and a nice sunny place to sit outside, if you choose. Yay for Sundays.
4	I had stopped in to the Prairie Cafe & Bakery several times since it opened to buy scones for the office, and I hadn't really given it much thought beyond this purpose.  I really liked the scones, but I didn't like the fact that they didn't open until 7 which usually made me a bit late.  I didn't even consider that they might have more than bakery goods, and every time I had stopped the place seemed empty.  This was of course due to the fact that it was 7:01 AM and I was the first person through the door.  So this weekend, based on Chris & Kelly's recommendations, I stopped in for a nice leisurely breakfast before heading into the office.  I found out that all this time I was seriously overlooking a great place right in my neighborhood.I was a bit taken aback by the number of people inside.  The place was pleasantly crowded, with the warm buzz of morning conversations and a relaxed atmosphere.  I walked up and ordered the breakfast special - I was used to just picking out scones so it took me a minute to get my bearings and find the menu board.  The price was OK, not under $6 but not more than I would have expected anywhere else.  I was given a number and found a nice table along the bookshelves.  I'd never really taken the time to look around the place before, and I was really impressed by the decor.  I got a cup of coffee from the self-service area, which is a great idea - I love diners where your cup is constantly refilled but I tend to keep drinking so long as there's coffee in the cup, leading to the over-caffienated jitters.  The coffee was excellent, truly delicious and fair trade to boot.  I savored it while I read a magazine and waited on my breakfast.After a bit of a wait the breakfast special came out.  The wait wasn't especially long considering the amount of people there, but I was into my second cup of coffee by the time my food came.  It was served on a fairly large plate, so my first impression was that there was not much to it, but this was a mistake.  The special, which was basically a Denver scrambler, was completely satisfying, filling but not heavy.  The wheat toast was much better than the average bread you get with breakfast, quite possibly highlight of the food.  I was pleasantly surprised by the whole breakfast experience here.  I wasn't planning on finding such a great place for breakfast in the Prairie Cafe.  Maybe one of these days I'll get a chance to try lunch here too.
5	I have visited Prairie Cafe several times and love it. The breakfast/lunch menu is varies from great egg dishes to tasty sandwiches and salads. Vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike will find somthing satisfying. Good selection of in-house, serve-yourself coffee. I tried the "Health Shake," --sort of a cross between a shake and a smoothie. Very tasty and a perfect breakfast. Very comfortable atmosphere with free wireless. Seems to attract a "usual" crowd. Overall a very positive experience.
5	I've been back here several times since my first review, and have been continually impressed with Prairie. The food is always spot on and the atmosphere is so comfortable. The cafe sandwiches take one step towards gourmet--the tuna and egg salads are made in-house with a little twist from the same old. All are served with a choice of side; I favor the black bean and corn salad. Breakfast is no exception to Prairie's perfection--my scrambled eggs with spinach and pesto were fresh and filling. And it's hard to go wrong with any of the real fruit smoothies or coffee drinks. Prairie is exactly the way a cafe should be.
4	I've only been here two or three times and I agree that this little cafe is a well kept secret. The food is good and healthy, the fireplace cozy, and the original art on the walls is a nice touch. Great place to meet a friend for lunch. Haven't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty. They also have some vegetarian choices. About a year ago we went and the lobster bisque was really salty, but I wouldn't hesitate to order soup from them again. I picked up the fabulous Arts Commission calendar there last year and this year. Just found out they have free Wi-Fi. Check their hours before you go and bring cash or check, no cc.
4	I desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem. I had the Almond Chicken Salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad. The sandwich was amazing. I didn't really care for the salad, but that didn't taint my experience.
4	Delicious food.  Good prices.  They serve Alterra coffee - awesome!  My only complaint is that they don't accept credit cards.
3	A solid little place for breakfast and lunch - my experiences have been good, but not "outstanding" - it's pretty difficult to have a bad breakfast (although Perkins seems to have mastered the art of the worst breakfast), so I'm going with 3-stars: A-OK.The place gets a little busy on weekends; I've been there both during the week and on weekends.  It's largely a "self-service" type place, which is fine by me.  You place your order at the main counter, get your own coffee and condiments, find a table and wait for the food to arrive.  When you're done eating, you clear your own table, take the dishes to the "dish basket" and head on your merry way.The pancakes aren't anything spectacular - just your regular "mix made" pancakes.  They're cooked well, with nice color, and are "plate size" so one or two should be plenty for most folks.  They're not obscenely thick; in fact, they're a bit on the thin side, come to think of it.Breakfast sandwich is decent - an egg, your choice of meat, some cheese, and served on a muffin.I've also had the Wright Breakfast and today, I had the special, which was two eggs, scrambled with tomatoes, peppers, onion, ham, cheese and a choice of toast.  Again - it was good, but not "out of this world great."They're currently serving Alterra-brand coffee; another review references Ancora, but it looks like they've switched to Alterra.  It's good coffee, nonetheless.Staff keeps largely to themselves, which is nice - no one bothers you throughout the meal.  They don't take credit/debit cards - it's cash or check only.  There's a fair amount of seating indoors and a few metal tables and chairs outside for when the weather is nice.  There tends to be a lot of families that meet here on the weekends, so if kids aren't your thing, steer clear on Saturday and Sunday.  I had the joy of listening to two screaming kids during my entire meal this morning - the parents were oblivious... My biggest gripe?  Price.  My breakfast this morning ("special" plus two pancakes plus coffee) cost $14.10.  That's a little steep for standard breakfast fare...Breakfast is served all-day long on Saturday and Sunday; during the week it's served until 11am, at which point it's lunch only until closing time (around 3pm, I believe).
5	I happened upon this charming restaurant and loved the simple and warm feel of the place. I had visions of an egg breakfast but it was too late in the day, so the wait person suggested the quiche which did not disappoint.  I was on the road so stopping at the Prairie Cafe was just the right thing to do.
4	The coffee was delicious.  The food was good.  It wasn't the best breakfast I've ever had but it was solid.  Cash only.
5	Marvelous little breakfast spot. My husband and I spent the weekend in Middleton and came here twice because it was so good! Really enjoyed the ambience, ordering at the register and having our food come out to the table. The fair-trade coffee was outstanding, as were the oatmeal with berries and breakfast sandwich. I was particularly blown away by the chocolate croissant, which I couldn't imagine could trump my favorite at Bennison's in Evanston IL but it was deliciously buttery, flakey and had the best chocolate filling I've ever had in pain chocolat! My husband swore that his mocha was the best he's had in his life. Kind of makes us want to move out here!
5	Just got back from having breakfast with the girls! It rocked! Excellent breakfast! Two of us had the scramble special & one had a scone - to die for! Great atmosphere! Easy place to meet family & friends and/or work! I'll be going back very soon! :)
1	I used to love this place - I came here once every week or two for breakfast and to sit and write for an hour or two (I'm a grad student working on my thesis). The food is expensive (~$12 for two eggs, toast, bacon, coffee) and the coffee isn't great, but the atmosphere is nice and I didn't come all that often so it seemed like sort of a luxury. The staff also isn't particularly outgoing, though not downright rude... until today. Today is Sunday, and I arrived around 8am. I usually try to get there kind of early and leave before it gets busy so I'm not taking up a table. I bought a big breakfast (as described above) and sat down to work. Just over an hour later, I was approached by a middle-aged man whom I assume is the owner or manager but whom I've never seen before. He asked if I was aware of their "new policy" about Wi-Fi on Sunday mornings, and how they don't want people just hanging out using the internet when it gets crowded. (No sugar coating, that's almost verbatim what he said.) For the record, I wasn't actually using their wi-fi, I was writing. Whatever. His point was obvious. I stared at him for a few seconds because I couldn't believe that a proprietor was actually asking me, a paying customer, to leave when I had been there only an hour and in fact still had toast on my plate. He suggested it was fine for now but that when it started to get crowded I should get out. I said that if that's how they felt I would leave now, and he responded, "That's exactly how we feel." I was shocked, and still am. I have never, NEVER been treated so disrespectfully in a place of business. And I'm a regular, paying customer!! I always leave a tip! I still can't believe I was treated this way.I will no longer recommend this place, now that they've shown their true colors. If the food was exceptional I might try to swallow my pride, but it's really nothing special. There are several other breakfast/coffee shops in the area (including a Starbucks across the road) and I will be patronizing them instead from now on.
4	My food was surprisingly good but the tuna salad had some odd ingredients. Read my full review!
3	Prarie Cafe & Bakery exists in one of those cafe/restaurant purgatories in which nothing is offensive and nothing is remarkable.
3	The food is good but there are better brunch places in Madison.  It has a cozy feel but I can't tell if they want to be a cafe/coffee shop or a restaurant.  Cash Only!  I'm not running back but will probably return at some point.
5	I must say I rather like this place, even though I wish they took credit cards. Great pastries and tea, as well as good veggie breakfast options. Not the fastest service but worth the wait.
3	I'm soo confused.Am I in a post office, sit down restaurant, or casual coffee shop? If you were going for the blend of all three, then heck, I guess you nailed it.Seriously. There are postal boxes in this joint.The best things I can say about this was that the coffee was hot. The breakfast burrito I had was "meh". Nothing great, nothing terrible. It was warm but took fooooooooorrrr-eeeeeeev-errrrrrrrrrr.  It was just okay. They don't accept plastic. I can understand your local dive bar or small coffee shop not wanting to accept plastic, but for what (I think) they are trying to do here, I would expect them to accept cards. But they don't. If you think about it, it almost seems like they are going back to the good ol' days of the general store. Middleton's one-stop shop.  You can check your postal box, get your coffee, get your paper, and buy random goods. Besides a hitching post for your horse, what more could you need?Take it. Leave it. Whatever.
5	Great coffee, scones and eggs.  Also has wifi.  Try the scramble of the day.  Be sure to get there early (or late) on the weekends to get a good seat!  Also, as others have mentioned they don't take credit cards.  There is an ATM at the credit union across the parking lot.
4	From scratch pastries, breads, breakfast, lunch, dinner optionsCozy coffee shop atmosphere, fireplace, plenty of tables.Cash only. Pay at front and they will bring the food out to you.Free refills on coffee.Never dissapointed.
4	I've been here at least 8 or 9 times since the August 2010 review; time for an update.Pros:+ Solid breakfast food, especially the special scrambles. Can't miss.+ Great breads - I've tried nearly all of them and they're excellent+ Altera coffee + Friendly staff+ Bakery items (cookies/pastries) are superbCons:- Cash only- Slightly expensive- When busy, seating is hard to come by; small spaceNo complaints with the food - it's always been high quality. We were there today as part of a team outing, and several folks commented about the pancakes - they are truly great, with a good sear, excellent flavor, and perfect texture. I had the scramble, and it was as good as always.
4	I ate here twice this week. The first time with 5 others for a lunch meeting; the second time with my wife & daughter for a light brunch. Both days were warm and muggy so I started with an iced coffee. Well done. Can't go wrong with Alterra. For my work lunch I ordered the CBLT, a nicely toasted BLT with a thick cut of bacon and some cheddar melted in. The lettuce and tomato are fresh, as is the "fresh fruit" on the side. Today, my wife had an egg sandwich with ham. It was huge, like an omelette on the same toasted bread as my BLT a few days before. The yogurt parfait my daughter ordered had fresh fruit and crunchy granola. The power was out while we were there today, but the staff worked hard to serve everything on the menu. Kudos to them all and to this great little place in Middleton.
4	As always excellent, locally sourced food.
4	Such a cute place!! I was there for breakfast, and had eggs, bacon, homefries, toast and a pancake. I like variety, what can I say?? Eggs were good. Bacon and toast ok. Homefries were kinda greasy, but tasted awesome. Totally looked like they would be gross, but were delicious. Pancake is where it's at. Seriously. Just perfect. Also, I believe they make their own pastries. Several coffee options, too. The outside seating is so cute, too. I was there on a weekday morning, so there wasn't a whole lot going on, but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day, and watch the traffic and people go by.
3	Coffee was good, corned beef hash was OK but not great. Service was very friendly and prompt. Nice area outside to enjoy the sunshine while having breakfast.
5	Great Place. Just good quality breakfast and lunch foods.
3	Pleasant atmosphere, great coffee, hit or miss bakeryWhen I venture to Middleton to catch up with friends over a cup of coffee, I often end up at the Prairie Cafe & Bakery.  It's a short bike ride from the 53597 and the Alterra Coffee (or is it Colectivo now, I'm so confused) they serve beats the pants off of what you can get from the neighboring Starbucks.  I wish the outdoors seating area took advantage of the nearby Pheasant Branch Conservancy.  Sipping coffee and watching the locals pick-up their dry-cleaning just isn't the vibe I'm looking for I guess.  I can't vouch for the breakfast or lunch selections, since I'm just a coffee and baked goods sort of guy.  As for baked goods, I've had some excellent scones and muffins at Prairie.  Like scream it from the rooftop great.  But not every time.  Just when I'm ready to proclaim Prairie my go to coffee and a scone hangout, I get a scone that's as dry as Atacama Desert.  And since I'm dropping some decent coin here, I want better consistency.Things I like: * Love the staff here. Even when the place is getting slammed by waves of morning commuters looking for their sugar and caffeine fix, I always get a smile and courteous service. *  Always love me some free wi--fi.  Never had a problem connecting or with download speeds. * The noise level indoors always seems to be a soft murmur, with some relaxing music wafting in the background.  Never had a problem carrying on a conversation with my table mates. * When the FDA approves Alterra Coffee for intravenous use, I'll be first in line.  There are always are four or five roasts to choose from and I've never had a skunky cup.Things I don't *The "cash only" thing was so hip in the 18th century, but it's 2013 now.  Start taking plastic, people. * The baked goods are not inexpensive.  It's usually worth it, but it's annoying as hell when I lose the muffin lottery.It's a solid three star option with lots of upside if the bakery improves its consistency.
1	Seemed like a nice place. However, after waiting in line for 20 minutes and taking quite a while to give our order (because it was VERY loud) we were told that it would take about 30 minutes to get our food. Not exactly what I wanted to hear after waiting 20 minutes but fine. When I try to pay I am informed that they do not accept debit/credit cards. Cash or check only!! No where on the door or while in line does it say cash or check only! There apparently is a very small sign on the register that says that but there is so much other crap posted in that area 99% of the people there probably never saw the sign. This is just ridiculous in this day and age to not accept cards. Even worse is the BS sign on the register. I will never eat here again just because of this!
1	Nice atmosphere. Like an upscale Starbucks. We ordered coffee, chai, a breakfast sandwich and quiche of the day. Was told drinks would be out in a few minutes but food would take 40 minutes. Don't know if its always like that or if they were just short staffed. But seriously 40 min for a slice of quiche and a breakfast sandwich? We told them just make the drinks, forget the food. Even so the drinks took 11 minutes. This place has potential but a wait like that is crazy. Would not recommend until they work their production issues out. One star. Disappointed.
1	Looks great. Smells great. When they told me it would be a 30-40 minute wait for a breakfast sandwich I cancelled my order. Seems like an unworkable business model. Hire another cook and install another stove. Came all the way here from Spring Green--sad face.
4	I think this is a good place to come for breakfast or lunch. The food is definitely homemade and tasty. Straightforward and good quality. I've often had the salads featured on their board and have really enjoyed them. Additionally, I've had soups and smoothies - also tasty and homey (in a good way). I would certainly recommend this place. It can get busy. Cash/check only and open until 2.
4	Nice place for meetings. Many tables spread out through the space. Food is very good. Cup of soup included bread AND pieces of fruit which was a sweet surprise. The salted pecan pie latte is also a nice fall diversion from pumpkin latte. Nice to have another local establishment. Bummed they only take cash as I rarely carry cash and for me that's why a star was lost.
2	Great location, nice atmosphere, good food. But very slow service, and overpriced. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat --  it took 20 minutes and cost $6.75.
1	Weak food for yuppies. Overpriced. Underwhelming.  And you're surrounded by West Siders who should really know better... but of course don't.
4	After reading the last few reviews, I had pretty low expectations for my lunch at Prairie Cafe & Bakery. I assumed I would have to wait a long time for my food and it would be just okay. I was pleasantly surprised. Our food came relatively quickly, and my husband and I both enjoyed our sandwiches.  I had a CBLT which was excellent. The bread was perfect, and I loved fresh ingredients and the special mayo. My husband really liked the special of the day, which was  a tuna melt.  My bean and corn side salad was very fresh tasting, but could have used a tad more flavor. We also had a key lime coconut cookie that was AMAZING. I might have to go back next week just to get another one!!  The servers weren't overly friendly, but they definitely weren't UN-friendly. My only true "complaint" is that it is a bit pricy for what you get - it was almost $30 for our lunch of two sandwiches, two drinks, a cookie and a kid's meal- at least the kid's meal included the drink!  I will definitely be back to the Prairie Cafe! Don't let the other negative reviews scare you away! The sandwiches are definitely worth it! :)
1	ONLY TAKES CASH OR CHECK!!!So, this is not always a deal breaker, and I have been here before and went out of my way to return. I didn't either remember this rule, or it changed since I last visited, since I usually don't carry either. They won't pay the fee for the credit card machine, but want me to dish out money for checks or ATM fees...makes me mad on principle. And there is a Starbucks literally across the street or other local joints that will gladly take my debit/credit cards down the a little ways away that I will now know to frequent instead.
4	Nice atmosphere and great food, especially the breakfast!  The stuffed French toast special is fantastic.  I may be a bit biased because I've gone there growing up
5	I went there for Sunday brunch. I had ordered a breakfast burritto and a cup of lentil soup. Both of them were served with a few slices of fresh fruit (pineapple and orange to be specific). The burritto was just perfect. It was quite filling without making me fall asleep as typically happens after eating at brunch places. The soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto. I would visit this place again for sure.
