5	This place is classic. Sit at the counter and order the smoked meat sandwich. It's unlike anything you've ever had and totally delicious. Try to get there early as this place gets crowded, but the turnover is pretty quick. This is one of Montreal's cant-miss spots. Also grab some dry rub on your way out; works great on your steaks at home. Just rub it down, grill it up, oui oui.
5	The greatest deli sandwich ever conceived. Without parallel. Don't call it pastrami, it's "smoked meat". But honestly, there is no equal. Katz's in New York City is supposed to be the closest thing, but when I was there I was always thinking "this is good, but it's no Schwartz's". I have a hard time describing the joy of this sandwich. Think of a pastrami sandwich, think of it being the most perfect, most tender, juiciest meat, with the great rye bread, pickles, and quality mustard. This is the standard-bearer.Other than that, Schwartz's is a cool experience. Think of the ultimate New York Jewish Deli, then Quebec-ify it a little bit. That means it's cleaner, friendlier, slightly french, but still just as Jewish. I could go into some comically wonderful experiences I had with some customers here but the un-PC stereotype fulfillment would be unfit for the Internets so I won't. I also highly recommend getting the jumbo pickle. It's a must in a deli like this, and this one's really good.
5	My dad , who used to live in Montreal told me to come here and eat.  He also said ditch your coworkers if they dont want to try.   Came here twice in one week.  The first time was in a pouring thunderstorm and there was a line outside waitinfg for a table.  When we finally sat down we ordered the large plate of smoked meat for my coworker and I, 2 dill pickles and fries.  Missed the black cherry soda but got a coke instead.  The smoked meat is kinda like corned beef and pastrami but only better.  Its tender, flavorful and unique.  We left quite satisfied.The second time was right before our plane ride back home.  Three of us went there in the moring and again we all missed the black cherry soda thing.   We all ordered the small plate and ate it all within 3 minutes.  They told us we could take the sandwiches back to the US but I dont know if its true or not and we didn't.  They don't deliver outside Canada so go to Montreal and try it.
5	The first time I tried Schwartz's Deli was in 2003 when I traveled to Montreal with a friend.  The restaurant was recommended in our guide book so we decided to give it a try.  When we got there the line was out the door.  We determined that this place must be really good so we waited. When we finally scored some seats we both ordered the classic "Smoked Meat" sandwich.  After finishing our sandwiches we both said "that was one the best sandwiches I ever had".Fast forward to 2008.  I was in Vermont last month for a wedding and my husband and I decided to drive to Montreal for the day. I decided since we were in Montreal, I had to have a sandwich from Schwartz's.  We headed there for lunch and as expected the line was out the door.  We waited for about 25 minutes and were seated.  Right away one of the the waitstaff came over and asked for our orders. We quickly ordered the smoked meat sandwich and fries to share.  When you order you have a choice of lean, medium or fatty.  We both opted for medium.  I also ordered a black cherry soda to drink.  The sandwich was as I remembered...tender and filling.  And, the soda was a good accompaniment.I hope I can make it back to Montreal in another 5 years so I can have this sandwich again.BTW, I noticed that they are building a take out place next door.  Hopefully, that will probably help with the crowds.
4	usually when i see the words 'mystery meat' on a menu i would drop one star and run in the other direction.inversely, when i see 'schwartzs deli" on a sign for duh, a deli, i give 4 stars and head in for some kosher goodness.so, the reality is that this place has been round forever, and it sure as hell looks like like, however, it also can be said that its around cause the deli is the real deal. katzs...well, ok, its not a deli youd find in the heart of Manhattan, but hey, thats a good 7 hours south.
1	My friend said it was great.   I would rather go to Katz's and get a real sandwich with the same ambience... save some gas....and lose the attitude...FATFATFAT...Soggy bread....long lines...
5	Oh.  My.  God.  Yes.You want lean meat?  F*ck you.  Don't clog up the line.  You want your meat nice and buttery with tender melting fat, that has been smoked and seasoned, sliced by hand, and delivered to you on a platter with a stack of rye bread?  Come.  Come fast.  Come often.I was here twice in a three day trip to Montreal.  Get the large platter.  Get it half medium, half fatty.  Do it.  Live a little.  Get yourself a pickle and some cole slaw, the vinegar helps to cut the fat.  Get a black cherry soda, the bubbles and sugar help cut the fat and salt.  Just watch your waiters.  Mine was rude and terrible.  I was told by a Canadian friend, that I just received an authentic montreal experience.  But my waiter got everything wrong.  He brought me lean meat, and I wanted to stab him with a fork.  Luckily, he came back promptly with fatty meat.  But you can't fault a place with such an incredible product like Schwartz's Smoked Meat on the basis of bad service.  You can't even fault them for being in Canada.  You can be resentful we don't have them in NY.  But we have good things in NY too.  Just sadly no Schwartz'sN.B. Skip the cream soda... the house Canadian brand tastes like ass.  Really, it tastes more like bubble gum, but either way... it's just wrong.
3	If you eat meat, this place is great. It's old-fangled and simple. Be prepared to wait for a while. The line moves reasonably quickly, but I've never seen it without a line out the door (make sure that you don't get in the wrong line. one is for take-out and one is for sit-down).  It's good to know what you are going to order before you sit down. They move fast inside! Cash only!I'm vegetarian, but I will come here just for the decor, the ambiance, the chips and salade de chou. I usually hate cole slaw, but they have a very nice one here. Their chips taste very clean and fresh which is probably because they don't fry anything else in the oil. It is very different than a NY deli.I think it will be very nice when they open up the take-out annex with another smoker. I hope it works out for them!
5	Definitely an icon establishment in Montreal. I absolutely loved it! The flavour of the smoked meat is like no other... I've never had any other smoked meat that comes close. The smoked meat with the black cherry cola was the perfect pairing!  Couldn't have asked for better. Well worth the wait in line.I liked it so much that I bought a whole brisket and took it home with me on the plane. The spices they sell are great on meat for bbq'ing as well.
5	The granddaddy of the makers of the tastiest cholesterol time bomb. My only gripe is that it gets touristy. If you want a real local Montreal deli, go to Lesters or Snowden.
4	Mine was fine - the line is longer the more people you want to seat next to each other.  Space is tight and for one or two people the wait isn't so bad, but it probably pisses off the groups of four a hell of a lot.I thought it was an interesting, tasty experience.  And now that I've had it, I need no more to want.  it's just something you do once, really.
5	Ya. It's pretty dang good.The legend is true. This meat is freaking awesome. Usually I'll take lean over fatty meat, but at Schwartz's, it's all good. Pickle was good too. Cole slaw and fries were meh. We waited about half an hour, but it was totally worth it. I thought about buying some to take home, but I think it would dry out. I guess I'll have to go back...Tips: Skip the line, take it to go!
5	This place is w1n.The smoked meat sandwich lived up the the hype. My friend waited in line 30 minutes for it but it was well worth it.Fries were fries, nothing special.Missed out on their trademark cherry cola though, next time fo sure.
5	Schwartz's is legend: the premiere place for authentic, Montreal smoked meat (especially since the equally ancient Ben's packed it in a while back). And they pile it on. The ratio of meat to bread in a Schwartz's sandwich (there's nothing else in it) is about four to one. If you want to eat healthy, the pickle will have to do.You should do the sit down thing here at least once, just for the experience, but it's chronically crowded. Better to get a sandwich to go, if you have somewhere to take it. Those grease-packets keep well for a trip on the train out of town, just to cite one option.
5	Home sweet home - authentic, tradition, heritage, comfort...YUM!!This is the home of 'montreal smoked meats' - this will be worth waiting in line - its been here 80 years - speaks for itself! I love my deli - and always bring the troops here for the regular traditional visit when in town.This landmark has been a staple for many - a must visit when in montreal!! (hits the spot  when hung-over after Jazz Fest - haa haa!)www.schwartzsdeli.com for photos and history
5	Ohhhhhhhh yes Schwartz's is it! A must stop for anyone in Montreal. My mouth is just watering thinking about this place. Overcrowded? Yes. Lengendary? Heck yes. Worth it? No hesitations here. I'd wait in the sub zero temperatures of a Montreal winter any day for a smoked meat sandwich.  Schwartz's defines what a Hebrew Delicatessen is and should be. You will never find any place better.
5	It exceeded the hype for me.  The smoked meat and the pickle were so good and so good together.  This is one tourist trap that can trap me anytime.
4	The best smoked meat in Montreal. Period.Got a sandwich with toasted rye bread to go and it was great!! It was tender and flavorful with enough grease to help with my hang over.
5	mmMmMmmm... I sometimes dream about the smoked meat sandwich here. that reminds me... i should really go visit soon.
5	Was visiting a friend in Montreal and accidently happened upon this gem of a deli.  It was about 11:30PM when i popped in, and the place was all but mine.  I asked my sandwich artist what i should have, and he quickly replied  "the smoked meat sandwich young man".  Smoked meat sandwich, fries side of spicy red peppers with a coke, and i was a half buzzed and completely stuffed man.
3	pros: great history. great ambiance. they give you a gynormous pickle.cons: long lines. they cram you in there like sardines - often times having to share a table with complete strangers. last few times i've been here the smoked meat sandwich was very dry. perhaps it's my own fault for asking for "lean cut."
3	This restaurant is ridiculously busy....I passed by the other day in a stormy and rainy weather. There was still a line out the door.......I waited to get in and tried their famous smoked meat sandwich. It is decent with a mountain pile of meat. Good but I am not sure it actually worth the wait and the fame (the La Samgrass in Boston is so much better...) .......I am sorry, montreal Sandwich.....
4	Yes, yes, it's a total tourist trap. But I've managed to avoid the brutally long lines out the door for some reason. Medium smoked meat sandwiches with fries and a pickle = Yum. Taking the order to go and heading to the park = Fun.
5	We actually couldn't bear the line our latest trip to Montreal but I was extremely disappointed. They just opened up a separate take-out counter next door to eliminate some of the line/crowd. I recommend getting a loaf of bread, a bottle of mustard and a pound of smoked meat and going to town. I would like to note that every time I have been to Schwartz's it was with Montrealers so whoever said that locals don't eat here is wrong. They might be able to avoid the lines with timing but they can't resist the smoked meat.
5	Best piece of meat I've ever put in my mouth. (No pun intended) I'm the biggest sandwich connoisseur out there, and this stuff is amazing. I bought a side of slaw with it and put it in the sandwich. At first, I was a little disappointed w/ the size and menu options. However, they know what they are doing.The size was a little small, so just get two. Or better yet, they sell it by the pound. I should have gotten a few pounds worth to take back w/ me.
5	So with the US economy in recession, I was forced to be a traveler with a meal budget. Schwartz was answer to one of the best meals in the city with the least amount of $$ spent.This is NOT your tourist trap. I sat right next to some local homies that were eating quietly after a long day from work. I also found myself quietly munching away once my food arrived. By the way, this is a sobering experience as they don't serve booze but no one was complaining as we happily washed down the sandwiches, slaw, pickles, fries down with sodas. Oh yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!Not sure when I am returning to Montreal again but I just hope this place will last for another 50 years and not change one bit.
5	So it was our last night in Montreal. We'd done the fancy dinner thing. We'd been to a few clubs. We had some crepes. It was down to our last dinner in town so we asked the concierge, "If there was one place you'd say we HAD to try before heading back to the States, where would it be?"With little to no hesitation, he said:SCHWARTZ.And then he proceeded to warn it was not a "classy place." He explained the whole 'smoked meat' phenomenon, which sparked an entire cab ride of lewd jokes revolving around meat smoking. Ha - and the concierge was worried about classy.It was refreshing to see this family owned and operated, bare bones shop serving solid platefuls of meat, classic french fries and giant deli pickles. There was absolutely no way I could finish my sandwich (I swear there must have been a pound of meat on there) and I left with a big, full-belied grin on my face.Sitting at the counter is the only way to go, as the owner (manager?) chatted us up about our trip, explained the ordering process to us and was just genuinely glad to have us at his establishment. For the experience and the service, I can't even say I minded the cash-only thing!
5	I stopped by here last year while visiting in Montreal. The guidebook I had highly recommended it and I wasn't disappointed in the least. My smoked sandwich was sumptuous and the fries were greasy but perfect. When I return to Montreal this will be on my to- do list!
4	Has always (since i was 18) been a pit stop when visiting MTL either coming from or going to Karmasutra. Best smoked meat i've ever had bar (rafaeli) none. Here's why: Katz's - too dry and has this sulphuric chemical taste Carnegie - tasteless not smokey and not enough fat Queens/Kings Deli - on par but doesn't have the personal nostalgia of this long standing establishment.Reason it's not a five is the long wait, the travel time to MTL, and s***tty attitude of the waiters - ahh their just characters. Park at the lot behind Moishe's. slaw, pickles,and the "fat cut" are a must.
5	this is the BEST jewish deli in the whole world!
4	Well worth the wait in the long line that was 20 or so deep.  The meat is juicy and bursting with flavor.  Get it medium or fat (if you can spare the cholesterol).  Don't forget the cherry soda and pickle.  Better than Katz imho, and a much better value.
3	3.5 stars...Like Christopher M., we also made the pilgrimage to Schwartz's after the numerous guidebook references and raves about the place as an institution and *the* best deli in Montreal to get smoked meat.We waited in line for around 20-30 minutes on a fine May morning.  We finally got in and were waved to 2 seats in the back of a flourescent-lit no frills very smokey-cloudy room packed nose-to-elbow with long, narrow tables.  You are in essence, sharing a table of 6 with other parties, if you arrive and wish to be seated as a pair.  Be prepared to leave smelling of smokey meat.We timidly ordered a smoked meat sandwich each, along with a side of pickled cabbage salad.  The smoked meat was tasty -- tender and juicy with just the right amount of fat...  We looked in awe at our table companions, who appeared to have ordered the Schwartz Combo: an artery-clogging platter of entrecote steak, a hunk of smoked meat and sausage, accompanied by fries and cabbage salad.  They washed it down with cans of Schweppes club soda.  And yes, they did not share -- each of them had 1 Schwartz Combo ($16.95). Perhaps we'll be more adventerous next time and will opt for such a platter... to share, of course.
5	My boyfriend would not shut up about the smoked meat in Montreal, no matter how much I pleaded with him to..... then I finally went to Schwartz's. Yeah, it's just corned beef, basically. But it is amazing. And the mustard. I think I loved the fries, too. And the staff.Score counter seats and scope out the action. And buy mustard to take home!
5	The FIRST review of this place?????  NO WAY!This smoked meat sandwich is the best I've had.  It beats those famous delis in NY all to hell.  (Carnegie, Katz, etc.)DAMN good.  Get a pile of lean smoked meat with a friend or two...bread on the side and begin.  Get a pickle that is so meaty that you may be more comfortable eating it with a knife and fork.  Get stuffed and get out!After all....there's a line-up down the block.
5	As a self employed, single, childless dude I have very few responsibilities. However, going to Montreal at least once a year exclusively to eat at Schwartz's and pick up a dozen dozen bagels is something I take very seriously. There are really only two things you'd want to get here and that isn't because the rest of the menu is poor, I'm sure it not, it's merely for the fact that the smoked meat is just that good. If you're a sandwich lover (and if you're not, we're just not going to get along, don't bother contacting me in any way) order the medium fat smoked meat sandwich with fries and a pickle. If that doesn't sound like enough food for you it is, but if you don't trust me go ahead and order the coleslaw as well. It's average. But don't worry, you won't need to eat more than a forkful of it anyway.The smoked meat sandwich however, is anything but average. We're talking about a mountain of thick cut, beautifully marbled brisket piled between rye bread and some appropriately plain yellow mustard. There's usually enough meat on each sandwich that you'll want to take a bit off and eat it with a fork and knife but even if you think you can open your mouth wide enough keep the fork as some of the meat is guaranteed to fall out. One bite and you'll realise what the 80 year old hype is all about. This is meat like no other. MUST be tasted.The fries are a nice compliment and the pickle is enormous and juicy as a mofo. Not crunchy like you'd expect but definitely one of the better pickles I've eaten (though I hear good things about the Moshies pickle just up the street). If you're on the Atkin's diet, I'd suggest the smoked meat plate which is literally a plate of the smoked meat. That's too decadent even for me. It's common for people to order a loaf of rye bread with this and just build there own sandwiches, in fact, the last time I was there I saw a dude polish off 3-4 handmade sandwiches in less time than it took me to get through my sandwich. Fat ass. One thing you can definitely expect is a wait. Located on St Laurent in the Plateau, you can expect a 10-40 minute wait. The lineup is certainly part of the Schwartz's experience and even though I hate waiting, I love the fact that they haven't caved and moved locations - there's something special about that spot. Once you get inside, expect to be rushed to a table, where you're likely to sit with strangers if you're a twosome. But don't worry about making awkward conversation, it's understandable that no one could talk with that much meat in their mouth.The servers are attentive but somewhat impatient. I feel as though part of that comes from the fact that if you're from out of town you should really just be ordering the smoked meat and if you're a local you already know to get the smoked meat. The other part? They're French. Ehyo!If you are from out of town do yourself a favour and spend the $50 on a brisket to go. It won't be the same, but it'll still be the best thing you eat that week. Wish I had some in my freezer right now. I guess it's time to go back.
4	The goal of this place is to get you in and out while providing you with the best smoked meat sandwich on earth in between.  And it succeeds.  Simply put, if you are into food, you should take the trip to Schwartz's at least once in your life.  Service is okay, it is noisy, the wait is long at lunch, and the place is not big on the inside.  But, the goal is to enjoy some amazing smoked meat prepared by guys who have dedicated their lives to doing it, so dive in taste buds first and you'll emerge with a smile.
5	I know I don't have to say it but no word of a lie it is the best deli sandwich you will ever eat amen.Also, bring a cooler and road trip back a slab of the smoked meat and share the smokey goodness you will be loved forever and ever.amen.
5	I actually turned down a job here once because I was worried that if I worked there I might get tired of eating their smoked meat sandwiches after a few months. I now realize that this is impossible. Schwartz's is by far the epidemy of delicatessen - their smoked meat literally melts in your mouth. If it's your first time going I suggest the fat sandwich (if you think you can handle it) , or the medium... getting the lean is a waste of the experience. All in all, there's no wonder this place has been in business for the past 75 years.
5	Schwartz's was famous for its smoked meat and it lives up to the reputation. Be prepared for the long line and sharing a table with strangers. The best time to go is in the afternoon around 3 p.m. It's less crowded then. Our day plan involves a hearty breakfast and a late dinner reservation so we can enjoy Schwartz's sandwich in between. Just to think about it makes me hungry!
3	Great sandwich piled high with juicy meat. Good bread too. The service is fast and the joint is hopping! Chow down, they move you thru quickly.
5	wowwwwwwza.reasonably priced. packed. melt in your mouth goodness.vegetarians beware! and don't ask for corned beef!this place is all about the meat lovers. my bf and i made a point to stop here twice on our vacay. the smoked meat sandwich is where its at. i get it lean with lots of mustard on delicious rye and a coke. it doesnt get much better than this!
4	Worth the wait to eat the best smoked meat I've tried in Montreal.
5	So it's true, the smoke meat here is as good as it gets...although I will not wait in line for 30 minutes to get a sandwich! If the line is big, go across the street to Main!Also, I recommend getting the sandwich medium with a blackcherry soda.
5	I'm not much of a meat person, but had to try a smoked meat sandwich in Montreal and I was told this was the place to do so.Crammed in this little hole in the wall on St Laurent is Schwartz's. Do not be taken aback when you have to share a table with strangers. Order yourself a smoked meat sandwich, apparently medium is the way to go - not lean. Having thrown the idea of a healthy lunch out the window I throuoghly enjoyed this sandwich to an almost disturbing level. Aside from the food, service was fantastic, and my sandwich and drink total was $8 which is actually cheaper than subway.
5	I never crave meat, but now that I'm back from Montrela for the summer, I am CRAVING a smoked meat sandwich from Schwartz's. This place is unbelievably. Smoked meat is a Montreal tradition and Schwartz's is the best. Super cheap for a delicious and filling meal. Get the medium cut and drown the sandwich in mustard. Bon appetit!
4	I went here early on Tuesday morning around 10 and they were just 1 other party in the joint.  My boyfriend and I headed to the stool seats in front and began this mission of smoked meat goodness!  The prices are cheap and the sandwich was amazing.  It was a perfect sandwich and a black cherry soda for me that day.  I can't wait to go back!P.S. If you come early, like I did - there won't be any fries on the menu.
3	After reading the reviews here on Yelp, I felt prepared for my pilgrimage to Schwartz's. I turned up around 11:30 and was amazed there wasn't a line. Inside was plenty busy, but there were a few tables still open and seating at the counter. I squeezed into a seat here, between two gentlemen, and stared in amazement at the mountains of smoked meat waiting to be sliced for sandwiches--we're talking kilos and kilos of beef encrusted in Schwartz's special spices."Parlez-vous Anglais?" I asked the gentleman on my left. "Yes," was the reply in a suspiciously American accent. I then asked if the counter guy would come back to take my order, or if there was some arcane process that wasn't obvious. He said the guy would be back to take my order and we struck up a conversation. It turns out Tim was originally from Dallas, but had been living in Montreal for about 17 years. He was already halfway through his lunch of a medium-fat smoked meat sandwich and fries. He recommended I also order the medium-fat, as the lean is too dry and some don't like the full-fat version. I followed Tim's suggestion and ordered a med-fat.When it arrived, the sandwich was a little smaller than I'd anticipated. But then I had to remind myself I wasn't in the good ol' mega-sized U.S. of A. anymore--and it was too big for me to finish anyway. The smoked meat was piled thick between two slices of a white-type bread (not sourdough, and not rye) and garnished with a bit of plain yellow mustard. The meat tasted like corned beef but not as salty, and there was just a hint of smoke to it. Tim said that he's not really sure why it's called smoked meat, because it's primarily steamed. Regardless, it was good, but I think I would have preferred the full-fat cuts. I noticed that by the time I was nearing the end of my meal, the meat had cooled and had definitely become a bit dry.So, I'm glad I made it to this shrine to smoked meats, but I think once was enough to satisfy my curiosity. And my arteries thank me.
5	If you're hoping to get a table at Schwartz, you might have to plan your day around it.  The line-ups can be that long.I'm one of the crazy fanatics who will wait over an hour in -20 degree (Celsius) weather in a snow storm just to get my smoked meat sandwich.  I average about 4 visits a year to this greasy joint and in between I sometimes have authentic Schwartz smoked meat brought back to Ontario for me.  Let's start with the food:Tastiest meat ever.  I almost always go for the smoked meat sandwich - medium-fat.  It's definitely on the greasy side, but the fat adds the juiciness.  We once shared a table with a local regular who was disappointed we didn't order full fat.  Her sandwich looked super juicy, but I'm not sure my heart could take it.  When my health-conscious friend ordered extra lean, I could see it was significantly drier.Schwartz's french fries are my absolute favourite.  They're a thicker cut, they're super greasy and they're cooked just enough to be crispy on the outside but still have the softer middles.  Steak, liver and pickles are also fantastic, but I have regretted not sticking to the sandwich.  The smoked meat is just that good.Beverage:Secret recipe - 1/3 regular Coke, 2/3 Cott's Black Cherry.  You have to order by the can, so you do the math.  The glasses they provide are tiny, but sufficient.  I don't think I've tried anything other than this cherry Coke concoction but the stacks of pop in the backroom suggest they offer a good variety of other beverages.Atmosphere:The reason there's usually a line-up outside Schwartz is because the restaurant is tiny. It's very narrow and there's not much room for a line-up inside.   On a cold day we're allowed to squeeze between the bustling waiters, the take-out customers and the customers eating at the counter.The entire restaurant smells of meat.  Everything is covered in a film of grease.  This is all part of Schwartz being Schwartz.  There's a certain authenticity to the place that I just love.  The wall is covered with newspaper clippings of their success.  The restaurant is very cozy.  You're pretty much sitting shoulder-to-shoulder, knee-to-knee at the small tables.  If your party is less than 6 you'll probably have to share a table with a friendly stranger or two.  The seats at the counter don't offer much room either, so if you prefer a bit more personal space, try to get there at an off-peak time.If possible, use the washroom before you arrive.  The washrooms at Schwartz are pretty scary.Service:Every time I've been to Schwartz, our waiter has been friendly, efficient, fully bilingual and can do math in his head pretty quickly.  I'm impressed with their speed and accuracy even at the busiest of times.  The staff can be a little rude to the hungry customers in line, but they seem to do their best to accommodate everyone.It's well worth the wait!
5	Schwartz's is a Jewish Deli done right. No trip I ever took to Montreal was ever complete without chocolate croissant's from Duc de Lorraine and at least one trip to Schwartz's. Each piece of the smoke meat is a little piece of heaven. I am not even sure words can describe their meat, it is that good but I will try. The brisket has been smoked to perfection that it is super tender. Be sure to order the medium fat content on the meat, you've come to Schwatz's don't try to be sort of healthy. If you come with a group I recommend you order the smoked meat plate and a loaf of rye, that way you each get to make your own sandwich with just the amount of meat that each person wants. To go with your sandwich you must order the fries and the cherry soda. The line may be long, but the wait is absolutely worth it.
5	Schwartz's, you are the stuff that smoked meat dreams are made of.I've been coming here my entire life.  As in before I learned to crawl!Some detractors may speak negatively about your long lines and your lack of customer service.  "P'shaw" I saw to these detractors.I love the karnatzel - ask them to throw it on the grill for a few minutes.  All the better.  And - sacrilege as it may be - I like my smoked meat old fashioned and LEAN.  I don't feel that ordering it lean at Schwartz's dries it out.  It's perfect.Top if off with a black cherry soda, and welcome yourself to the cool crowd.I can't wait to be in Montreal in September... my taste buds are already excited.
4	I was a little skeptical at first when I was told about eating at Schwartz's. There was a small line outside, so I decided maybe this place isn't as bad as I thought. The inside was set up as a cafeteria and it was very crowded. You also share tables with others. Then, we ordered our food. The smoked meat was put on a large plate for the three of us to share. They also gave us bread. The smoked meat was delicious and fared priced. Overall, it was good.
4	While I'm not sure that "Yay! I'm a fan" encapsulates my feelings about Schwartz's, that's where we'll leave it.  "Famous" places like this are usually vastly disappointing.  But a sandwich of pretty high quality can be had for $5.50 CDN.  The pickles are pretty decent.  The fries aren't great.  And you'll probably be treated to a progression of baffling American tourists.  On my visit, I sat next to a well-proportioned girl who was dining with a an ultra-heavy man for whom sandwich cramming apeared an exertive, aerobic activity.  Not satisifed with the (generous) dimensions of his sandwich, he also found time to consume half a loaf of rye bread, three 1/2 sour pickles, his lady friend's french fries and two 7 Ups.  While his friend/lover paid, he fanned himself for several seconds before working up the wherewithal to descend from his stool.
5	While I would not eat here every day, it totally worths it to stand in line and wait once in a while for the greatest smoked meat sandwich anywhere.
4	If you want to sit down and eat you better be prepared to a) wait in a line on the street and b) share a table with strangers. In any other setting either scenario may have surprised or irked me, but on this day I was so game for it and ended up thinking these two features added so much charm and warmth to the place.The smoked turkey sandwich was moist, tender, and so yummy. Topped with mustard on white bread, heaven. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft in the middle. The dill pickle was massive and damn good. And the cole slaw was barely dressed and some of the best I've ever eaten. Our server was excellent! He was funny, personable, and super fast. With such quick turn over I was expecting crap service and not planning to hold anything against it. But our guy could probably serve the whole place with his eyes closed and just rock it. I loved him.Super cheap, quick food, awesome setting, great value. Must go. No wonder this place has the best reviews and is the highest rated. Awesome!
4	Holy Smoked Meat! This place is a dump, but the smoked meat sandwich sure does make up for the lack of service Schwartz's provides. As I'm writing this review, my mouth is salivating for luscious fatty smoked meat with yellow mustard on soft rye bread. As a New Yorker, I've had Katz's and Carnegie and it pales in comparison to it's Canadian counterpart. My BFF and I were so infatuated with the smoked meat that we even bought a lb each to smuggle across the border (12.95 lb CAD). Sadly enough, it's just not the same after you make numerous attempts to revive the moistness and tenderness of the meat. It sorta just fell flatline. Beep, Beep, beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep...... If you make it into Montreal, Schwartz's is a must try.
3	Smoked meat galore - you walk to the front window and there's tons of smoked meat just sitting there - right there in the window staring back at you tempting you to come in and try - and try I did. Think "Katz's Delicatessen" if you've been to New York. The interesting thing is listening to the Jewish workers speak french. We went on a Sunday morning at 10:30am. No wait, not crowded - so what's the hype? My best friend and I ordered one smoked meat sandwich to share. I'm disappointed that you have to pay $1.50 for a pickle (from a jar!!!!) and $1.95 for some coleslaw. The sandwich costs $5.95 CAD or $5.36 USD and that's basically all you get. Two slices of bread and maybe a quarter pound of meat with some Heinz yellow mustard. The breakdown of each - the meat (Corned beef or pastrami I think) is really good. Tender with plenty of fat on the edges and you can see the cracked peppercorns. (Dieters be wary). The bread was pretty moist, not stale. We shared it and it was plenty enough for a share. The service is nothing to rave about at all, but seriously, you can tell right away as people just walk in and they're pretty much on their own. We ordered some meat to take home and the counter is pretty much no order, just get up there and cut people and order your meat at about $12.95 CAD / pound. That amount is worth it if you're not going to eat tons of it in one sitting. I took the cold cuts home and I'm eating about four slices a day and still have plenty left over. If I were to go back again, I'd pick up more meat at their take out counter but I'd avoid the sit down service. I did nab a bottle of Montreal steak spice for $4. Pricey, but hey, located on "the Main" everything will be pricey. You'll be amazed at how much Eastern European foodstuff you'll see on that street - Saint Laurent. My best suggestion, buy the meat - heat it up and pile it on Fairmont's "all dressed" bagel with a dash of dijon and deli mustard. That will do you good.  The meat will not come out the same - fluffy and moist, but still it has good flavor although a bit flat and dried at the ends upon reheat.As I finish this review, I will be stuffing my mouth with more smoked meat. Good for carnivores - bad for you vegetarians.
5	Midway through my first smoked meat sandwich, I ordered a second.  It was there in three minutes.They have a heck of a system.  Go there and see it.  Buy a shirt if you can.
5	The smoked meat in the window lured us in as we walked past at midnight. We bought a pound of cold sliced brisket to go for sandwiches for lunch during long ride back to the States the following day. At lunch on the road the meat warmed up a bit. It was aromatic, zippy, smokey and moist. At $10.95 a pound, it was a bargain. A little mayo and a baguette, oh man, I'm in Jewish meat heaven.
5	If I had just two sandwiches to eat as a last meal, they would both be here.Holy stars, hundreds of little smoked briskets being coaxed to perfection for our enjoyment.? This place is ridiculous.It's time for a St. Viateur bagel for dessert.
3	Schwartz's is good but not great. They are famous for being condescending but I feel this is mostly an act to keep up Schwartz's reputation.
4	When people mentioned about the greatness of Montreal's smoked meat, they are really referring to Schwartz's. The others might attempt to imitate but they failed miserably.The place might be small, dirty, crowded, and you have to wait in line most of the time, but it's all worth it.Order your smoked meat lean, medium or fatty and they are equally delicious. I always ask the server to order enough meat for our group and they'll know what to do. Take a few pieces of meat and put them in between the rye breads. Add a little mustard and voila - the best dinner in Montreal. It goes well with cherry coke too.Note that you might have to share tables because they don't have a lot of spaces. Apparently the owner refuses to move to a bigger place. If you are in Montreal, you must try Schwartz's!
4	The Montreal smoked meat here is no doubt excellent. A prime example of excellent price/quality ratio ($5.50 for a sandwich). Get the small plate (2-3 sandwiches) or large plate (4-5 sandwiches) for sharing (note there are sharing costs). Sides are extra. Place is a dive but those are the ones with the best food!The place is definitely small, crowded, probably somewhat dirty but you just have to get over that. There is usually a line but even during lunch time on Saturday, it moves at a decent pace (nobody wants to linger, people really just eat their awesome sandwiches and leave). We got the lean meat... kinda wished I ordered the medium. Ah well, next time!Tables are shared and the service was as expected (not condescending or rude in any way).
4	If you're a fan of smoked meat (and if you aren't you damned well should be) then this is a must-visit location when you visit Montreal. Our group always hits Schwartz's on the way out of town for a couple of sandwiches each so we can enjoy fatty, smokey goodness all the way to Vermont.  It's a wee bit out of the way, but the tremendously tasty meat makes it a must.
5	I just visited Montreal last week and had the famous smoked meat here. Wow. Just looking into the window, I was like "Wow! I gotta be in there no matter how long the waiting line is." The waiting line was not long because I did not mind sitting at the counter at all. I'd had dinner before walking into Schwartz's. I'd thought I would simply had a bite of taste. However, my bf and I finished the whole "large" plate of just smoked meat. The bread was not good. The meat was terrific. I would love to try its liver steak sometime. I saw it being grilled on fire and imagined how good it would taste. However, I did not like our waiter, who was not friendly and not talented at asking for tips. But the meat scored! I seldom loved pork but loved it done in Schwartz's. So I gave it 5 stars.By the way, pickles here were awesome too. You have to have pickles going with the smoked meat. Before leaving Montreal, we drove there and brought the meat on the road. Luckily, the American customs did allow it to pass the border.
5	The best smoked meat intown.  There's often a line butthe service is swift.
2	Poor costumer service and the quality is going down hill pretty fast. Some of the employees treat customers as if it were a soup kitchen....and it is not, we are paying for our food and deserve decent customer service...just because I am Goy it doesn't mean that I am infra human.
4	At schwartzs, a huge pile of smoke dmeat is presented to me.  Dry, like the fresh light rye bread that tries desperately yo hold the meat pile together, and deli mustard generally spread upon the bread.The meat is littered with black peppercorns, but the peppercorns are not too strong as to distract from the meat that has been cooked for hours.  The sandwich is filling. Noms.Schwartz's has nothing to hide; simply pure good meat. Pure ingredients, and pride of tradition that has been round since 1928.And a black cherry soda with your meat rocks. Noms. Oms. Oms.Review/video will be posted under TastyVentures and Montreal at http://www.tastytwosome.com :DWant more of me?  Follow @tastytwosome. ;)
5	Schwartz is f*$&%#g incredible. It is definitely the best Smoked Meat sandwich I have ever had. After consuming your first sandwich, your life will be different than it was prior to slamming it down. You will feel rather enlightened and your culinary adventure list will have extended to epic proportions. The meat used is a beautiful red brisket which is cured for roughly a week or more, it is then smoked for several hours and then placed into a steam box with the rich and bold spices. It is so delicate it has to be cut by hand and is then stacked onto the tiniest pieces of Rye bread topped with mustard. Eating it without dropping a substantial amount of meat comes with practice, but there is no harm in intermittently slaying the fallout meat throughout or towards the end of the meal. Heck, I've even used fries like chop sticks to pick up the excess meat. It's NO surprise that there is always a lineup outside this restaurant. They opened up a take-out only storefront directly to the left of the original establishment, but I highly suggest waiting in line to sit down at the OG venue. I definitely noticed a difference in the overall success of the sandwich between the take out and sit down. At the take-out counter I was also not asked if I wanted my meat lean, medium, or fatty and it was a little dry. It is crucial to me that the meat be "medium fatty" which gives the sandwich the perfect consistency of meat to fat for me, not too dry, not mad fatty. The sandwich takes roughly 5 minutes to get to your table after ordering, and it will take the average eater roughly 5 minutes to eat, although I have witnessed it disappear in mere seconds.  In addition to the sandwich Schwartz offers amazing French fries. I've eaten tons of fries and poutine in my lifetime and I can say with confidence their fries are near perfect. They are fully cooked through, petite, and crunchy. Pickles are available in both sour and dill and the sour pickle offers a beautiful bite of tartness which compliments the meat very well. Cott Black Cherry, not to be confused with cherry coke, is available as well and washes down the feast very well. Hands down Schwartz gets a 5, any haters must be vegetarian.
4	Yelpers told us to go here. My brother told us to go here. So how could we refuse?We had a large group, but we did not mind splitting up because yeah, smoked meat from Montreal is worth it.Another fond childhood memory of my aunt bring us smoked meat once every few years. We HAD to have smoked meant and when in Rome (or Montreal), you want the best there is.Schwartz's is GOOOOOOD. They are not stingy with the meat and they are spot on with the prices. I generally do not enjoy peppercorns, but they prepare the meat in such a way that they only add to the flavor.I ordered my sammie with a black cherry coke, just as fellow Yelpers had advised. Normally, I'm a diet soda kinda gal... would rather save my calories for the main course. But today was a special day, and boy, that black cherry soda really topped off my sammie.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because my Canadian companions were not as thrilled as those of us from the States who had smoked meat on a pedestal since long before we crossed the border.
5	I was in Montreal Canada for a Tattoo Convention. One of my colleague GF went to college in montreal and recommended all these places to eat and Schwartz was one of them. His GF kept telling us to eat at Schwartz and that we had to get Smoked Meat sandwich. Arriving to the hotel at 12am, we were both tired of Flying All Day and Starving and looking for something to eat.We then went to a 24 Hour Cafe. They also had the smoked meat, the picture looked great. So we both decided to get the Smoked meat.When we ate it, we thought it was good enough to check off our list of things to eat in Montreal.  We were wrong, Wait till you get to Schwartz, it is well worth the wait. Also dont forget to get the Black Cherry Soda. This place seems like a guys place because when they serve the food all they give you is a plate of MEAT, SLICED BREAD, PICKLES & MUSTARD.  You know what, that is all you need.What was funny was that my neighbor grew up in Montreal and when I came back he told me that i must go to Schwartz.. Sorry beat you too it.
4	Glad to be in the company of Celine Dion and Hank Aaron! Sandwiches were amazing. Got the smoked sandwich medium, by recommendation and was excited to receive my sandwich exploding already. French fries were quite tasty. Have to try the sandwich at Main's for comparison, but will definitely come back.
5	probably the best smoke meat sandwich i've ever had.  wasn't dry, wasn't too big either, which is good, those places with stacks of meat higher than the size of your mouth is stupid.  the portion size was just enough.  one thing though, the lineups are long, and if i had to wait, i don't think i'd give it 5 stars.
4	I may become Jewish simply because of smoked meat.  How they can make beef brisket so unbelievably tasty is beyond me.  It was my second then quickly my third time to Schwartz's last time to Montreal.  I was dying to try the turkey but I couldn't stray from the smoked meat sandwich.  Down and dirty...mild rye, yellow mustard and MEAT.  I want it right now!!!  FYI:  you can order your meat lean or at least medium also.  I just asked for normal which was medium (when in Rome).  Some servers aren't too nice others are way nice, you never know.  I thought it was the best late night or hangover meal (which was my first time there)  I most definitely recommend it sober and rested, your brain/stomach will appreciate the flavors more!  I wish they had ice and better drink selection also, I wish they didn't charge for pickles or peppers.  FYI:  cash only and go at off meal hours for no wait.  2 blocks over parallel with St. Laurent you can find free street parking.  Someone posted about cleanliness...it is true its not the cleanest place in town but there's a line for a reason.
3	All the smoked meats are made onsite. We waited in the rain to get a table in the middle of the week.  It is always packed.  The meat is delish but the other offerings I felt were a little so-so. Try a pickle with your meat.  We had a fatty and a lean serving at our table.  I would recommend the lean as fatty really is fatty.  The brisket is yummy.  You will get a LOT of food for the money.  It's legendary so worth the wait and visit.  Enjoy!
5	Better than Katz, Carnegie, or 2nd Ave. Deli in NYC. I think about Schwartz's Deli at least once a week, and i'm looking forward to my trip next month. Best smoked meat i've ever had. I finished a plate of lean and non-lean all by my lonesome. The results? Meat-sweats. The good kind.
5	Made of mothercuffing win.  As I am a NY jew, I am always dubious that anything can possibly be better than jewish delicacies in NY.  Well, this just might be.  The smoked meat is not salty and not too smoky... a little fatty, but isn't that the point?  The texture is like... butter.  The best comparable I can think of is Texas BBQ.  I don't know how they do it, but it is unreal and totally worth the wait in line and the crowds and the gruff service.  OMFG.  Oh yeah, and a huge sandwich is $5.50.  Whaaat?
4	This place is small and historic. The smoked meat, the fries, the giant pickle, delicious. But the liver is not so great, it was a random pick by my boyfriend and it was very dry. The lineups are really long but some people are willing to wait even in the dreadful Montreal winter days.
5	Although the smoked meat is what makes this place famous, it's all about the cole slaw for me.  Fries are soggy but great... the soggy texture absorbs salt perfectly.   Always friendly counter people too.
4	A wonderful, unassuming, simple place. The smell of smoked meat that hits you when you enter the shop/restaurant is otherworldly. I had the beef sandwich, medium (apparently the fatty one is too fatty, and the lean one is too dry). The quality of the meat is fantastic, and the bread is soft and doughy. I actually wouldn't have minded a little more fat on my cut- I found it a little dry. It's probably a matter of taste, and it was delicious nonetheless, but if I return I will be sure to order the fat cut.The line for the main restaurant was extremely long. Granted, the restaurant is picturesque and more of an experience- but if you just want a quick bite to eat, the take-out shop is just as good. They have tables in the back, and serve exactly the same items.
5	The smoked meat makes Katz's look like lunchables
4	I come to Montreal as often as I can and try to make it to Schwartz almost every time.  Usually I get takeout but lately I have found that there is no line if I get there around 10am for sort of an early lunch.  You read the other reviews which give an excellent description of the featured product, the smoked meat sandwich. Aside from this wonderful slow cooked uniquely flavored beef brisket you have delicious coffee and fries.  Go early order the smoked meat sandwich with a pickle and a side of fries. An interesting thing I learned was that most of the staff is 1st or 2nd generation Portuguese transplant.  Those are the sort of things you can pick up on if you come early before the lines.  You can truly appreciate the place.  Perhaps those that think this place is overrated should come back earlier in the morning and give it another try.
5	The sandwiches here are really good.  I actually ate here twice on our trip to Montreal.  Once right after I ate a sit down lunch with my wife.The smoked meat sandwiches are good.  Im not even a fan of 'smoked meat' , but boy are these good.  They come on rye bread too, and I dont like that, but this one was THAT good.
4	Delicious smoked beef.  I bought 2lb SB and a jar of mustard for Christmas present for my brother in law who is a Jewish :P.  He liked it, I like it It is really small place with lots of people in.  Very authentic! - Nobody smiles when they serve you :) .  They don't like you to stand too close to door even though I had to order to the guy just right next to the door.  What do you want me to do?  Well, I will buy the smoked beef here for togo but probably would eat at the main for better seats and services.
4	It was really good. Long wait, and cramped.
3	Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm not a big fan enough for Smoked Meat. I'll admit it, it's far from the best thing in sandwiches format in my opinion it's not even in the top 10. But I think it's a good meal and when you're craving for junk food, KFC might come to your mind but Schwartz's should be the one. It's an honest sandwich with some good meat which is offered thin or medium size slices. The fries are good; home made. Small portion but still it's all about honesty. 'Cause let's get real! The service is fast and crappy, the waiter looks tired, too old or simply not that clean.  Speaking of which, this place is not the cleanest place ever. If you're the kind of person who's never going to Asia because it's not clean enough for you, well you probably shouldn't stop there.  Like some previous Yelper have mentioned: Really Overated!Plus: they offer Stewart's soft drink! Oh yeah!! Deli and Stewart's Root beer or Black Cherry soft drink! that's good!
2	The line-up for this place is ridiculous.  And for what?  Dried meat on a dry rye bread with a slap of mustard.  Seriously, the hype for this place is greater than their food.  The place is crowded and the decor is a little gross.  Their food comes fast and sloppy but cheap in price it is!  But if you want authentic Montreal smoked meat, I suppose this is the place!  Do yourself a favour though, take it to go; go back home or to your hotel room and have it on really nice bread with all of your favourite fixin's.  And if you take it to go, you can surpass the always ridiculous line-up.
5	I had heard amazing stories of this deli from before I even went to Montreal. When I got to Montreal and saw the lineup, I was like "are you *bleeping* kidding me?" The lineup to get a smoked meat sandwhich or purchase smoked meat was about a half hour wait, no joke! So I walked all the way to the back of the store thinking to myself, how can people wait in a line this long for a freaking sandwhich? Throughout the course of my waiting I chatted with my friend, who was just as curious, and grumbled to myself that this must be overrated. I may have grumbled a little too openly as when we got closer to the front of the line the man who was slicing the meat said in his most Jewish/Brooklyn souding voice ever? "Hey ladies, have you been here before?" To which we answered no and that we were from Vancouver, and then just like something out of a New York TV show, he shouted down the line that "hey we got some ladies over here all the way from Vancooovah" and it was pretty much the most awesome part of my smoked-meat purchasing experience. He even made sure to shrink-wrap the meat we were taking back home to Vancouver. The sandwhich, well, it was pretty okay, I don't know if I would bother waiting in line that long again, but the pickkles.... well, that was worth waiting for! They were so big and so fresh and delish that I can hardly wait to go back and get a whole jar this year!
5	A Montreal standby make sure to have the cherry cola with the smoked meat they are synergistic.
4	I don't understand some of the hate here on Schwartz's.  If you know you don't like meat, don't come.  If you want something fancy and pretty don't come.  Otherwise you are in for a treat that is only found in Montreal.  For those that have not tried smoked meat its kind of in between corned beef and pastrami.  One should order a fatty or medium cut, the lean cut is too dry.  I order fatty.  It's awesome.  Lastly if you don't want to wait in line which can be long go next door to the take out section.  They have seats in the back.
4	Schwartz of Montreal is the real thing.  Smoked Meat is a quick and hearty lunch, and Schwartz delivers, dont come here expecting something other than a delightfull, artery clogging sandwich.  The prices are reasonable, decor is 'authentic' and the service is fast.  Scwartz is above all an experience, if you are in Montreal and looking for a place to indulge in the city's vast food history, skip the Poutine and go for this on St-Laurent instead.
5	In town for the day. Must get to Schwartzs before I fly back. Need smoked meat sammich and a few bottles of spice. The best. Even my vegetarian wife loves it. Fries and pickles rock.
2	I think I am banned from here.  Read on to find out why you should not be forced into the same situation yourself...I guess first off, I should mention that their food is really as good as other reviews claim it to be.  The meat literally melts in your mouth, fries are as good as they get and the pickle is what you would imagine the perfect pickle to be. All was good in da hood.  Service was initially very good.  But it all went downhill when my friend finished his can of Coke.  We waited until our waiter came around, then he asked "Sir, could I have another can of Coke please?"  The waiter replied no problem, right away... then 5 minutes goes by.  Then 10.  Then 15.  20 minutes, and the dude does not come back with my buddy's Coke.  We were pretty sure he forgot by then, so when he came around again, my friend asked him for the Coke again (not rudely, but very politely as before).Things started to go really sour from there... the guy started giving us the kind of screw face that only the old Eastern European dudes permanently carry around.  Then he muttered something in French, which we could kind of tell was an insult because the locals surrounding us started snickering.Another 5 minuets passes by until the Coke finally arrives... slammed on top of the table.  WTF?  Why so much attitude buddy?So by this time, we are pretty much done our meal.. we grab the can of Coke to go, and ask for the cheque.  Even though we waited 20 minutes for Coke, we receive this promptly.  The awesome part?  He followed by two finger taps on the table, with instructions to "leave the tip here."Hahahaha!!  I could not believe this guy!  I've seen some guys with big balls, but this guy has the biggest balls of all time!  You want me to leave you tip?  I have never in my life had anyone ask for tip before.. never mind by someone who gave us kiss my ass service.  So after having a chuckle at his face, I grabbed the cheque and paid the cashier.Then we hit the sidewalks and started walking to our cars... out of no where, we start hearing some angry French speaking dude yelling at us.  We turned around, and sure it enough it is Mr. Big Balls himself.  When he had caught up with us, he had a copy of the cheque in his hand, and was doing math to figure out how much we should tip him.My friend and look at each other and started bursting out laughing.  We turned around and kept on walking, while LOLing non-stop... and of course, we heard lots of follow up French cursing from the angry man.Hey if the owners are reading this... control your people.  Your establishment is legendary, no argument there.  But your staff have that soup Nazi attitude because of your popularity.  And how ironic is that?
4	The line was wicked long for Sunday afternoon. We went next door into the take out section but instead found some seats inside with no wait.  I ordered the smoked meat sandwich which was amazing.  The sandwich cost 5.50.  I do have to keep adding mustard though. But it was still delicious.  The sandwich looks small but sure was filling.  They were out of smoked chicken which my non-beef eater friend needed, so he was stuck with the turkey sandwich, which was nothing more than a cold cut.
5	I am a regular and have seen the quality of Schwatz's meat vary wildly between days and, in particular, shifts.When I've come at dinnertime my sandwiches were always yummy. When I've come later in the night I have received, aside from the many  (emphasis: many) good ones, a sandwich composed 40% of fat, a dry almost flaky concoction and a stack of meat that tasted of sweet nothing.I've seen the complaints about the service and think they are undeserved.It is a tiny joint that must keep the bells and whistles to a minimum to ensure a good turnaround. While one may desire the slowness and chillness of a high-end eatery, the poor hungry sods outside have a radically different opinion. They will be either freezing, soaking or baking, courtesy of Montreal's inclement weather.Therefore please do everyone a favour. Make up your mind (easy), order (easy), eat (easy), pay (easy) and get out (easy).I come and take people to Schwartz's all the time. My guests and I know what to expect and what the drill is. Everyone without exception has been begging to go back at least once.For some, Schwartz's is hyped up and they may have their own fave smoked meat joint. Fine by me, there's room for everyone. I like S because of their no-nonsense approach to everything and the atmosphere which is, in my opinion, absolutely unique.
5	Yummy yum yum.....This is the only place in Montreal that I enjoyed eating at and I'll have you know I tried a bunch of places there.We didn't know about this place at all until some dude at a men's clothing store in a near by shopping mall next to the W recognized our funny accents and felt the need to give us the 411 on Montreal eating joints. He gave us other hints too, but too R-rated to share.Well, he couldn't stop telling us about this place being the best smoked meat house in the world. Yes he said the world. He was even stating how famous people go there all the time. The latter bit of information was irrelevant to me, but when someone is willing to say it is the best in the world, you have to put it to the test.The place is a small divey looking joint on St. Laurent street passed all the nightlife. There was a bit of a queue, with about a 20 minute wait. Once you get in you either sit in the 10 or show tables they have or sit at the counter next to where all the meat is cut. If I was alone or with just one other friend, we would have sat there, but there were four of us and we were going to do some gluttunous style damage (aka American overindulgence). The floors are greasy slipper, so they are covered with rubber mats to try to provide you some gripption as you walk. Don't let your clothes touch the ground lest they be drenched in smokey oils.We are big eaters, so we ordered a couple brisket plates, a entree of sausage and a entree of liver. The latter two were just okay, but when the plate of juicy sliced brisket came, we were in heaven. You actually get to choose between a lean, medium and fatty cut. I would have defaulted to fatty, but that might have been a heartattack waiting to happen, so we opted for a minor stroke instead and got the medium. It was super juicy. The seasoning fantastic. Slap a piece of rye bread in between two slices of brisket with a touch of mustard and you've got a true man's meal. It was definitely not for the calorie conscious nor those on low sodium diets. But if you have to go, why not with a plate of brisket. I was so in love with this place, I got a t-shirt to go to commemorate my visit. This place is awesome. I can't say it's the best in the world, but seeing my world of smoked meats is small universe, its got my vote for now....
5	I rolled deep to this joint with 12 people, only to find a line that was longer than the welfare line in Michigan.  Considering all the fat American's lining up outside, I knew this must be good.  I've actually eaten here once before, but it was the last stop on my Montreal '07 eating tour, so although it was good, it was also the first thing out when I went home to vomit.I skipped breakfast, skipped the restaurant line, and went straight to the take out line next door.  Same food, minimal wait.  MAN - this was so good I could have rubbed the warm smoked meat all over my body and not even be embarrassed.I ate only one sandwich so I didn't get too full, and thus savor the fine memories of juicy meat satisfaction.  Mmmm...smoked.
4	It's real amazing how a business can run for 80 years!! Food quality is awesome! Love the old and vintage decoration inside, cafeteria style seating. The classic Montreal Smoke meat sandwich is to died for, very good price for such big portion!! LOVE IT!!! It's a MUST go in Montreal!!!
5	If you like meat, you will like Schwartz's. If you don't like meat, you'll wish you did.After a short spell of erraticity, the Schwartz smoked meat is back among the gods of food, gracing us with its charming and addicting taste and its luxurious texture. Shall I mention the spices? You know your friend who always brags about the "dining experience" shtick? Get that shmegegge to Schwartz's. Elementary and efficient service in a cramped deli is the ideal backdrop to the simple and natural symphony of flavor about to play on your tastebuds.My recommendation is to sit at the counter. I saw the guy who mans it until about 9.30-ish and he is hilarious. Skip the fries and the coleslaw, but go for the pickle and the smoked meat sandwich. Hungry? Have a large plate: they'll pack whatever you can't finish in one sitting.Believe me on that one, you won't have the guts to. The large plate is enormous. And compared to the small plate it's a bargain.My typical fare is smoked meat sandwich and a black cherry drink. Somehow it's just delicious.When you are ready to go, leave your tip on the table for the server and pay your bill at the cash register. Check how much they surcharge for paying with USD, when it's at parity they will take greenbacks and give you Canadian change.Now how cool is THAT?
5	upon entering schwartz's, just as the doors open for business, there isn't a shadow of a doubt that you have truly come upon something very special. if you need further evidence that lining up early is a good idea and will be well worth it, take a look at the long queue forming behind. shortly after sitting down at one of the communal tables, ordering and receiving your fare, you'll observe that the french fries are hot and fresh cut. the pickles are sour and delicious. if they have a half sour or two, make sure to indulge. and obviously, above all, the sandwiches are fantastic. rye bread and hand cut smoked meat, specifically as lean or fatty as you like it, drizzled with a bit of hot mustard, is unique and delicious. so many people love these sandwiches that there's no need to go in depth on why they are so good. they just are. a simple, honest, thoughtfully put together, properly and time-well-spent smoked meaty tangy sandwich. i can almost taste it now.i will return to schwartz's each time i am lucky enough to find myself in montreal, and i hope you give them a try. (if there's a line, it is worth the wait.)
5	Delicious!  Save your time an patience and buy from the store next to it!  Who really needs to sit down and eat anyway?
5	I was aware of Schwartz's before my trip to Montreal and, in short, it's worth the hype. I was traveling alone so I was plucked from the line and given a seat at the counter. An older gentlemen was finishing off his Medium Smoked Meat sandwich and correctly pegged me for an out-of-towner. He very graciously offered his advice: they serve a lot of good food at Scwhartz's but there is only one meal to order: a medium smoked meat sandwich (as apposed to lean or fatty), an order of fries, a 1/2 sour pickle and a cherry cola. BAM! Incredible. On first inspection  the sammy appears huge. One doubts one's ability to take  it down. Fear not. The meat is so perfectly prepared that it just melts on the tongue. The taste, the smell, the sides, the salt of the meat and/or the pickle contrasting with the cherry cola. Wow. You won't have to eat much the rest of the day and have access to a steady supply of water. A lot of salt in that meal, you'll be thirsty. My dining companion/new friend and I savored every perfectly smoked, perfectly seasoned bite. A true culinary experience that I hope to have again some day.
5	This place is as old-school and unassuming as it gets. Its a super hole-in-the-wall with a long table. Basically you wait to a seat opens up and jump on it. What is a smoked meat sandwich you say? Its a plate stacked with meat, another plate stacked with bread, mustard, and then dig in. So very delicious. order the Medium other wise it'll be too greasy or too dry. The only star i took was for seating. But then I kinda liked that old London feel; so 5 stars it is!
5	My husband and I got in late, so we wound up going to a deli close to our hotel for dinner. He'd heard a lot about Montreal smoked meat sandwiches, and so ordered one. He thought it was good, but nothing special - he didn't see what all the fuss was about.So we made a point of going here, which everyone told us was the best in the city, and it didn't disappoint - the difference was striking. We split the large plate  (medium), which was enormous, even for two large guys. The smoked meat sandwiches we saw people order all contained generous, evenly cut slices of meat. On the large plate those even slices were supplemented by a pantheon of smaller bits which have been caramelized by the roasting process until they are toothy and crispy. Supplemented with a Cott Black Cherry Soda (which EVERYone in the place was having) and you have a perfect Montreal meal.
5	Loved this place! Like most other reviewers, heard about Montreal's famous smoked meat sandwiches. Huge portions, reasonably priced, friendly staff. Just a great place to try out whenever visiting Montreal. Would definitely go again!
5	This is a piece of Montreal history, it is hard to explain this place to Vancouverites because there really has been nothing like it here. It is a bit of New York style deli, Chicago diner and French and Jewish picnic eats. It has stayed the same since it opened, Al Capone used to eat there when he was whisky smuggling, the old guys behind the counter have pictures of them when they where in their twenties on the wall, and there there is the sandwich. Just look at the pictures because it doesn't matter how I describe it. I will just say, Cherry Cott and sandwich and fries, or pickle, that's it, that's all. GO THERE when you are in Montreal.
2	Had the smoked meet sandwich. It was good, but nothing amazing.I would normally give this place 4 stars, but wow, the people that work here are jerks. Extremely rude and obnoxious. I would never go back.
5	Everyone in Montreal knows that you have to visit Schwartz.  Everywhere we visited, the locals exclaimed that this is the place to be.  Our hotel was in the Latin Quarter portion of Montreal and we were able to comfortably walk to Schwartz.  Expect to wait for a table, locals and tourists alike are frequent eaters.The tables there are long and are co-ed.  The service and the customers are super friendly and everyone is so excited to be eating there.  We ordered a medium smoked meat and it was a little dry, we ordered a second one and it was much more juicy.  Since, they cut the meat there, not all meat is consistent.  I would recommend just going fatty, it will be way juicier and flavorful.  Heck if you're visiting, its just one meal, make it worth it!  All you need to know is:Smoked Meat Sandwich (lean, medium and fatty) - the fattier it is, the more delicious it will beBlack Cherry Coke.
5	I came here on a friend's recommendation. SOLID!Be prepared to wait in line during lunch hours. If you want to avoid the wait, go in between rush hours. It is not a fancy joint. It does have its own character.I had the smoked meat sandwich, mmmmmmm, the fat just melts in your mouth. If you get nothing else here, the smoked meat sandwich is it.The fries is also worth a try.
4	we arrived on a weekday sunday rainy late afternoon and our montreal friend was shocked at how short the line was. there were a few parties waiting to eat in but we decided to take advantage of their to go area and brought it back to our friend's apartment to eat leisurely. the smoked meat sandwich was inexpensive ($5.99) and smelled delicious but it's surprisingly small. i guess this is a must-try in montreal and the smoked meat sandwich was tasty enough, but not that impressed in terms of flavor or size compared to LA stops.
5	On my recent first trip to Montreal, a close Quebecois friend of mine INSISTED that we make a stop at Schwartz, noting it to be the best smoked deli place there is.  As he is a native of the region, I trusted his instincts, as I am all about trying new places that are local and provide an excellent selection of foods.Soooo, one day after work...Schwartz it was.  From Rue de la Montagne, we even walked approximately 35 minutes to get to Schwartz via Sherbrooke.  And if this means anything to you reading this...it was well worth it.  I would have walked 8 more miles if I had to, considering the amazing smoked meat on those sandwiches, laid back neighborhood friendly atmosphere, and very reasonable prices.Upon entering, because this place had no available table, we opted to go sit at the "bar".  No, there is no liquor service here, just amazing food.  Once seated, the guy behind the counter immediately started asking for our orders, for which we opted for combo smoked sandwiches, orders of fries, and cherry cola for me.When the sandwiches arrived, we were all focused and quiet, devouring our food.  I personally preferred tasting every bite, as this was indeed a very tasty treat.  Just enough fat, topped with a tad of mustard, and wrapped in freshly baked bread.  Simple, tasty, delicious!  Sometimes, keeping things simple is the way to go.What's next?  I must go back next time to try their other smoked treats.  now I have an excuse to venture back to visit our neighbors up north!
5	Schwartz is unbelievable. I had a sandwich again on my way back to Toronto from Montreal and I was blown away all over again. It was almost as if it was the first time I ever ate it. I finished it and cursed myself that I didn't order another, or at least acquired a pound or two of smoked meat to return home with. I can't get over how good it is, I feel like I should be bending down on one knee and proposing my order. The meat is spiced and smoked perfectly. The bread is soft and chewy. The perfect amount of mustard is spread. The portion is solid for the price. With a sour pickle and black cherry soda, it could very well be in contention for my last meal. I do.
5	5 star smoked meat! period!I have been reading about Montreal smoked meat, but never seen a place until this trip. Lucky that place was Schwartz's a staple of Montreal smoked meat since 1928!It is deli similar to katz's in NYC (smaller) except instead of pastrami they do smoked corn beef. Probably the best smoked beef I have ever had. The color of the meat is what food porn videos are made of. The meat is so tender so juicy it is hard to put into words!I will be back on every trip I make to Montreal!
4	Long lines move quickly at this acclaimed Montreal smoked meats deli/restaurant.  A half hour wait in the pouring rain was worth the delicious tastes of Schwartz's smoked brisket.  Orders of fries are small, but cooked well.  Pass on the pickles.  Service is quick and if you want to pick up some to go, there is a deli portion next door.
4	Let me preface this by saying that I don't completely get the smoked meat obsession. Sure, it's a fine thing, but I've had smoked meat at Schwartz's and Dunn's and I'd be hard pressed to tell you the difference. I also don't at all understand the raves about the cherry soda. It's just another fructose-laced soft drink. That said, this is a very fine place. The sandwich was tasty and generous. The atmosphere just screams "We're an authentic place that's been around for over 80 years. We do one thing really well and we're damn proud of it."Definitely a must stop on a Montreal stay.
5	This place was great!  The meat is not what I expected-- the montreal style smoked meat I'm used to eating from the grocery store always has a salty rind to it, but this was just savory.  An interesting combination with the bread, which is very, very chewy.  I wish I had a chance to alternate bites between the pickle and the sandwich.I'd love to come back and try a fatty cut for the sandwich.  The meat is rich, and the fat is just so much richer!
4	One day to spend in Montreal!? What to do? Schwartz! I love how fast the service is and how it's always crowded! I however do think that it's slightly overpriced, but I guess for something as famous as smoked meat sandwiches in Montreal it has to run around that price range. I haven't had any other smoke meat sandwiches to compared, so I'm rated it 4 because it's great in it's own category for now. The meat was very juicy, and I love mustard so that was a bonus to know that they only put mustard on the sandwiches. It kind of has a slight smell of roast beef, and a texture close to a mixture of pastrami and roast beef.  it's been about two weeks since I've been back in California and as I'm writing this review my mouth is watering lol. As for everything else. I think the sandwiches are great tasting, the place is a little crowded, but that doesn't throw off the purpose of the deli, it's got great food, who cares about the so called crappy service. I didn't get any crappy service, they were busy and I completely understand. The food was outstanding. I'll be back to schwartz when I'm in Montreal again.
5	One cannot fully experience the city of Montreal without stepping foot at Schwartz's. Located on rue St. Laurent, a street adjacent to the ever popular Rue St. Catherine, this modest establishment has been in business for over 80 years, serving some of the finest smoked meat you can find around. Everyone recommended this place, from our hotel concierge to my local friends and even random passerbys. Everyone swore by it and warned us that despite the long lines we might face, the experience would be rewarded.So off we went - all seven of us. We waited in line for a while and finally stepped inside this place. It's tiny, really, especially considering how popular it is. We were welcomed in both French and English and were given menus; not that it mattered, we already knew what we wanted and barely glanced at them. We proceeded to order 7 smoked meat sandwiches, fries and black cherry soda, a local speciality drink. A meal fit for kings, and apparently to the tourists that we are.The sandwiches weren't as big as the deli ones you get in NYC but just as tasty. The meat was tender, flavorful and absolutely delicious from the first to the last bite. The mustard adds a nice kick to it as well.The service is prompt and efficient; they were hard to try and turn the tables and minimize the lines; the prices are nothing one should ever complain about, especially considering the quality but keep in mind that they are cash only. This is definitely a place that I look forward to returning to on my next adventures up in Montreal - it's modest, affordable and best of all, has been around, which adds a nice character and mood.
5	Born in Montreal and been living in Southern California for practically all my life but whenever I return to Montreal to visit family, I always, and I emphasize this, I always go to Schwartz the first night im there!  And I go as much as I can until the end of my trip.  It's the one place I can never forget how good the smoked meat is.  It's soo good that we have even overnighted 2 slabs of smoked meat all the way to LA.   It's a tiny place that has a lot of history.  It's busy and the guys behind the counter are fast paced and know exactly what they are doing with the endless years of experience under their belt.If you're a tourist from the States or any other place, I highly recommend making this a mandatory stop on places to eat in Montreal!As I write this... I'm actually craving a smoked meat sandwich from them ... and it's torture...This will forever be my favorite place in Montreal and it has been for close to 20 years!
4	Great place, great food, great environment.  Don't think I'll be writing a long review since we were only in here for 20 minutes, but overall the place left a very good impression.  The sandwich was great: nothing extraordinary, just good quality meet, some bread and mustard.  The cole slaw was also very good (mostly cause they used olive oil and vinegar instead of may) and the pickle was very zesty.  The atmosphere was a very traditional Jewish deli and, despite the long line and cramped seating area, the crew did a good job in keeping everyone moving and at the same time not rushing. While I like the simplicity of the sandwich, I think that's also its one drawback.  I think I've been spoiled on the deli front with lots of flavorful and unique sandwiches, which had both high quality meets as wells as blends of condiments and vegies.  If you're in Montreal, definitely go here.  I know if I ever come back, Schwartz's will almost certainly be a destination to revisit.
4	I can see why people rave!  I went on a Tuesday afternoon and there was a line outside the door. ON A TUESDAY!!  The place is crammed. To crammed for my LA taste.  You share tables with strangers, bump into people, knock things over...  Tiny space.But whatever the food was good!  I ordered a sandwhich plate. Someone should have warned me!!  They brought out sooo much food.  I had to box up like 2/3rds of my meal!  The sandwhich however was delicious. Chunks of pink pastrami like slabs of meat. A pickle and mustard. Simple. But full of taste.
3	This place is probably at the top of most Montreal tourists' lists. Old school Jewish deli specializing in a Montreal favorite, smoked brisket.I had the fatty brisket, with a pickle on the side. The meat itself was only lightly smoky, but very tender. I used more of the mustard for an extra kick. The pickle was a heavy style pickling. And of course, you're to wash it all down with the black cherry cola. A cheap and fast meal at this Montreal institution.
4	Always a line, and there's a reason.Nothing beats it.  It tastes like corned beef cuz they use allspice berries, but it's smoked so it's more tender than regular deli-style corned beef.  It could benefit from better bread, knowledge that mustard automatically goes on the sandwich unless you ask for it without, and fries that aren't soggy.  otherwise, the meat can't be beat, and make sure you get one of those deliiiiicious sour pickles to go along with it.  yum!
3	If my husband were writing this review, he'd give Schwartz's five stars. We live in Atlanta, and finding a decent Jewish deli with a really good smoked meat sandwich is all but an impossibility. Sure, some restaurants try to imitate what Schwartz's serves up so easily, but to get the real deal, make this place a stop on your next trip to Montreal. But be warned. Schwartz's is not for the claustrophobic. They'll cram you in so close to complete strangers that you can smell their deodorant. (Or lack thereof.) The line is often long, but moves quickly, so even if you want to linger over your meal, the brusque staff will not allow it. Better to get that sandwich - along with a glorious garlicky pickle and a side of their delicious cole slaw - to go, and head to one of Montreal's beautiful parks where you can sit and enjoy your bounty in peace.
5	Searched this place up on Chowhound cus m' friend and I needed a cheap place (that provides good food) to eat. Not disappointed. :DAt first, we were kind of confused about the line-up. There was a huuuuge one for take-out. However, once clarifying we wanted to be seated, we were!... within a couple minutes. It was packed. Hmm... other notes: I saw a bread slicing machine! The bread was good! This was an entirely fantastic experience - one that you should totally go for when in Montreal :DBest Smoked Meat Sandwich Evar!! Glad we didn't opt for Reuben's or whatever.
5	Schwartz's was my first introduction to Montreal smoked meat and I must warn you - believe the hype, all of it.  Internalize it and immerse yourself in the spicy, smoky goodness.  The meat is tender, tasty, and as fatty as you want it.  The sandwiches are simple and for those of you who like it naked, I admire your reverence for the meat in it's native form.  Otherwise, no whining about auto-mustard.  If you are disappointed by the lack of other toppings, you are missing the point.  It's all about the meat!!The fries are a little on the soggy side, but again, you didn't come for the frites. However, be sure to grab a pickle and some peppers.  They are super tasty.The service was very good both times that I went, quick and courteous.  There was even a little banter.  For this type of place, perfection!
5	We always, always, go to this place as many times as possible if we are in Montreal vicinity. Have sent numerous US friends to this place on their visit to Montreal, even the hardcore NYC deli devotees rave about Schwartz's.  I can modestly claim that Schwartz's has the best smoked meat, anywhere!I like mine medium lean. The mustard doesn't do much for me and I can enjoy the meat just the same without, but why fight the tradition so I usually take the default setting which has the mustard auto on. Do get a pickle or pickles.
2	Totally overrated.  If you've had Pastrami in NYC or SF this place will be a huge let down.However, the staff were very friendly and NOT rude (Lonely Planet gets it wrong AGAIN).
5	This is one of the world's great sandwiches.  Yes it's small and crowded, but any good deli should be.  Yes, there's often a line - that is because it is so awesome.  Yes, tourists come here, but at the same time a ton of locals do as well.  To call it a "tourist trap" is ridiculous - for one thing, the prices are incredibly cheap even if though they could probably double them and still pack the place.  They could have opened a larger location or franchised it and made a bundle, but they didn't, because this place is authentic.  I guess it's not surprising that there is a hipster backlash, since there almost always is to anything good and popular.  One word of advice would be to try to go during off-peak times, especially if you have a group larger than two.  I forget how late it's open, but I'd often head in late evenings or so and the place would be half empty.Inferior to NYC pastrami?  Well I guess everyone's entitled to their opinion (even if it's wrong)...
3	May the Schwartz be with you!Eh, I expected more.  Maybe it's because I recently went to Katz and I still have fond memories of that sandwich.  Maybe it's because the smoked meat platter (read as corned beef) that I put away by myself was overly fatty.  Or maybe it's because the slab of beef that you spend so much time making deserves to be garnished with something other than a lame yellow mustard.  Call it fancy if you want.  But, I'd prefer something with a kick.  Or perhaps it's because you have no knishes.  All that griping aside, I did enjoy my lunch here.  Packed, just like I expected, even at an off hour.  My platter of smoked meat was good and they serve it up with many slices of rye.  Good sour pickles too.  Wish you had beer for me to wash it down with.  Cash only.  Settle up with the cashier on your way out.
3	If i gives Katz in New York 5 stars, i would give Main Deli (cross street from Schwartz's) 4 stars, and Schwartz's would be 3 stars.  we bought one medium smoked meat sandwich from Main and one from Schwartz's.  Schwartz's maybe the oldest smoked meat sandwich place in town, but Main Deli's sandwich is better.  it's more juicy and tasty.  if you don't believe me, you should compare them yourself!
3	We'd been directed to Schwartz's by several people as the best place for a meat sandwich in Montreal, but those people have clearly never been to Chicago We got there early for lunch, 11:30, and had no wait for a table. I had the medium smoked meat sandwhich as instructed, and it was good. I wish the bread were just a bit more rye and I wanted the mustard to be brown and not yellow, but that might be an Iowa thing. The brisket was pretty moist and peppery but certainly not the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The pickle was good, we bought a jar to bring home and those are even better, smaller and crisper. What I was surpised by was the flavor of the frankfurter that my daughter ordered! It was yummy and smoky on the grill. Overall, I wouldn't wait for this place for more than 5 minutes. There is better food in Montreal!
3	Schwartz's Deli is a surprising Montreal institution, as the only thing that's obviously Canadian is their location at the heart of Saint-Laurent. Stepping inside here is like stepping into a timewarp: memorabilia cover the walls, vintage stools stand polished, and piles of meat stare right back at you, as if they're preparing you psychologically for what's to come. Yes, this is a tourist attraction, but it's a delicious one. The queue moves fast thanks to their cash-only communal seating friendly but no-nonsense customer service strategies.Try their signature smoked meat sandwich (medium cut) and throw in a huge ass dill pickle (hello ladies). The whole shebang is only about C$7! Their meat isn't the most moist - this isn't life-changing stuff - but you'll be in and out of there so fast you won't care.
4	I had heard lots about Schwartz's and made a morning trip over while the rest of this motley crew bachelor party slept off a crazy night out.   Smoked meat hungover?  Delicious.  I llked the presence of peppercorns on the smoked meat but was hoping for either the brininess of corned beef or the complex character and melt-in-your-mouth goodness pastrami.  To me, this is Pastrami's poorer cousin.  Still delicious, but just not Katz's to me.  The price was right although they were a bit stingy with the bread (believe it or not).Counter service was unspectacular, with my sandwich coming faster than it took the waiter to bring me out my coffee. But I can cross it off my list, and I'll probably be back next time I'm in Montreal or tonight if we get out of the bars before Schwartz's closes...
5	Meat lovers, check this place out!  We went here on the recommendation of some folks we chatted with in our hotel.  They warned us that the line would be around the block, but that it moved quickly.  In an attempt to avoid this, we went at 10:30 am and we were able to sit right away.  Upon sitting down, we were asked, "First time here?"  Yes...  "Number 3."  Ok...  Within a minute our sandwiches arrived.  There was a heap of deliciously smoked and spiced meat and a little bit of mustard on what appeared to be teeny tiny slices of bread, but that was more because of the comparison to the incredible amount of meat.  It was delicious!  I am very glad I found this place during my trip.
3	My friends and i were on road-trip to Montreal from New York over the 4th of July 2010. I did most of planning for attractions and foods. I researched lots of different travel blogs and pages - they all seem to recommend this as must-try in Montreal. QC, so we decided to take online words.Inside is nothing special. Just an ordinary deli shop with small tables here and there. I remember reading that 'smoked' sandwich is the way to go and never EVER get the lean version. I decided to roll my dice and try the fat sandwich with fries.The foods quickly came and I was genuinely pleased with the size and taste of the sandwich. I now see why people come here and recommend this place for must-try in Montreal. However, I didn't think it was all that spectacular. In fact, there are many deli shops just like Schwartz in United States that offer very similar sandwiches if not match the taste. Schwartz may have the history and all the fame in Montreal but it's not the best sandwich I ever had in my lifespan. The service was adequate. Nothing great but not lazy either. We didn't ask for much, so the server didn't bother us many times. He already knew we were out of staters not knowing what we're eating, so probably just didn't care much for us.The price wasn't friendly either. I'm sure the management team hiked the price just for the fame part, but I didn't think it was worth the price we paid for. My meal, which was a sandwich, fries, and drinks were well over $10 CAD. I believe a place like this shouldn't go over $10 for a combo meal.Although my review may sound little harsh, I did enjoy the sandwich. We got there early for lunch. As we were walking out of restaurant, we noticed a line of 30 or some people outside -- thus explains the fame of this restaurant and Canadians must really love this place for lunch. The restaurant is located in heart of Montreal, St. Laurent Blvd so it's nice to walk around and grab a quick bite if you're not in hurry. Nonetheless, I do recommend this place if you're a visitor from out of country.
5	One of the most amazing sandwiches I have ever had in my life. I wasn't expecting much but was blown away after just one bite. I never read about what to order or anything about the place except that people say it's a must-try in Montreal. Anyhow, I ordered the medium fat smoked meat sandwich which, I found out later on, was their signature dish. I went back two days later and ordered it again, This time, with a black cherry cola they recommend and it was sooooo good. Truly worth the visit. The second time I went, I was there at 3:30pm and there was no line up, there were many empty tables. It was also raining that day.
5	Best smoked meat in Montreal. Price is very reasonable for a sandwich that is loaded with meat. Try to avoid meal times as lines are extremely long. Be prepared to wait if you wish to sit down and eat. Definitely a place to eat on any Montreal visit.
3	Schwartz' is not a very big place so seating is very limited. Be aware that if your group is small, you will probably share a table with other customers. Most tables seats six. There were two of us. We were seated in the middle. To the right of us was a local couple that had never been to Schwartz' before To the left of us were some nice folks from Wisconsin. Basically, we were sitting shoulder to shoulder having lunch with total strangers, which was fine with us. However, some people may be uncomfortable with the seating arrangements. The food? It was good, but I've been to better Jewish delis. The service? Fast, frenzied but friendly. The attitude seemed to be: Eat it and beat it. This can be either good or bad depending on your mood or occasion. Overall? Schwartz'  Deli  is a unique experience. Its a bit hyped but you should go at least once.
5	Sit down at one of the tables with strangers for a juicy brisket sandwich. The meat is marinaded and slowly smoked to perfection! The french fries are home made, drink a cherry coke and you will not be disappointed. There may be a line outside the restaurant, proof of how good it is!
1	WHAT?????????  There are many mysteries in life, but  none as inexplicable as this.  Why is there a line outside this place?  Why did the concierge at the Intercontinental urge me to come here?  I just don't understand.  I don't even care that the place looks like a dump of a diner.  That's fine.  It's a cheap meal.  But come on!  The "legendary" smoked brisket that they serve is TERRIBLE!!!!  The "home made" fries suck!  I mean, there is nothing good about them.  Anyone can but potatos and fry them.  They do nothing to them.  No flavor.  Just blah.  And back to those sandwiches.... what are you people raving about.  Have you guys had a decent sandwhich anywhere? They suck. They are plain bad.  Sure they age and smoke the beef for days, but who cares.  They slap it on boring rhye bread with some cheap mustard.  The beef is just boring.  If I smoke something for 10 hours, you better believe it's going to be one of the most delicious things you've ever tasted.  This was just bad.  We weren't that hungry, so we told the waiter to just bring us one.  He chuckled and said, once you try it, you're gonna want another one because they are small sandwhiches and they are the best.  I insisted on just one to share and we were both very pleased with our decision.  Neither of us finished our piece.  We ran out of there as fast as we could... confused and disoriented as we passed the 30 people waiting in the line outside.  As we walked down the street, we overheard a group of people talking about the place.  They were locals... all were wondering what the big deal was about this place.  I started a conversation with them and we were all in agreement.  Anyway, Montreal is a wonderful place to eat.  Don't waste one of your meals here.  Wow...
4	It's nice when tourist hot spots live up to the hype, and Schwartz's does. They serve giant, fatty sandwiches with delicious smoked meat and very good homemade fries and pickles. It's cheap by Montreal standards, and it's in a fine location. The smoked meat sandwich is so big that you can clearly taste the difference between different parts of the cut of meat, and when I bit into a perfectly marbled chunk I got a pleasure response through my whole body. It's not the best deli I've ever been to, but it was much better than the other smoked meat I had in Montreal. Since this does seem to have a big tourist crowd, I suggest to fellow tourists that you just go to the take-out side and bring your sandwich a few block to the edge of Mont Royal Park. The line for table service is way too long, and if you're visiting Montreal, it's likely that you're going during the few months of warm weather, so skip the wait and eat outside.
4	I'm a vegetarian, and I still waited 25 minutes in line to experience this Montreal institution (and to introduce my wife to smoked meat).I had the fries (OK), coleslaw (OK), rye bread (OK) and pickle (EXCELLENT).  My wife enjoyed her smoked meat sandwich.Tip for veggies; don't come here thinking maybe you'll get a grilled cheese sandwich or salad...it's not going to happen.  Go for the experience...AND the pickles!  I shoulda had two!
5	Man, I miss Schwartz's smoked meat. It's been many years since I had their rightfully-famous fare, and reading all these reviews makes me miss it more. Right there, on the Main. You MUST have their smoked meat sandwich. There's nothing like it here in the States. I've lived on the east coast, the west coast and in Chicago. Never had real corned meat outside of Montreal - and Schwartz's (with Lester's as a close second) is the BEST.
5	I haven't been here in years and I still have dreams of the smoked meat sammich. It's UNBELIEVABLY good.  In fact, I came thisclose to flying to Montreal over Labor Day weekend for the sole purpose of having a sammich and bringing home a suitcase full of meat -- no lie (only reason I didn't was 'cause I ended up visiting friends in Savannah).You order at a counter and the guy who carves your sammich asks you how fatty you want it -- basically you can get it lean, regular of fatty.  Afficianados will tell you that fat = flavor and, of course, they are right.Best paired with a black cherry soda and a pickle.Gooood stuff.
3	Amongst all the hype, Schwartz's was OK.There was a huge line to the restaurant so we opted for the "take-out" restaurant where you order at the counter and find an available seat. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich and a chicken sandwich and had a side of potato salad. He informed us the chicken sandwich was cold and asked if we would like mustard on our sandwiches.The sandwiches were small but PACKED with meat. The smoked meat was ok. It tasted just like corn beef. But the chicken sandwich was surprisingly good. It was flavorful - lean but tender. Skip the potato salad, it was very bland.Side note: there is no lock on their bathroom door. Do go in pairs so someone can watch the door for you.
4	I'm not going to lie, this place is SO MUCH better than freakin Katz' in NY. The place is way smaller but it has the same old school feel to it. We went around 6ish and it was packed. The tables were all full and there was a small line of people waiting to order take out. We got one smoked meat sandwich and a soda at the counter and ate it outside. SO GOOD. I'm totally not a pastrami/curedmeats/cornedbeef type of girl but this was juicy and flavorful. The bread was soft and there was just the right amount of mustard to make me dance in place.
5	I will have to agree that this is indeed one of the world's great sandwiches. I tried it for the first time today and I couldn't get enough after just one visit. The meat is succulent, and is not over salted, which in my opinion makes it better than pastrami. I will be stopping by again tomorrow on my way out of town to get another "fix" before I head back to TO.The fact that they refuse to franchise and expand or open other locations is really to their credit. That way they keep the quality high and authentic. It has become the "must-visit" gastronomic treat for me in Montreal!
5	Okay let's get one thing straight...Schwartz's is Schwartz's. Always has, always will.  It's an institution. It's the best smoked meat in all of Canada...hands down.You may have to wait a long time in line to get in...that's the way it is. You may have to sit next to complete strangers and pass the salt and ketchup...that's the way it is. You may not have the luxury of lingering over your coffee (more rightfully your Cott's cherry soda)... that's the way it is. You may not have many options if you are a vegetarian or if you are a fussy eater that wants to make substitutions...that's the way it is.All you need to know about Schwartz's is that when you finally get a seat all you need to do is smile and say a simple "Hello/Bonjour" to the people seated around you, order the following " A medium sandwich(we aren't talking size here by the way...medium is the fat content. Lean just doesn't have enough taste) with fries and a pickle and a cherry soda (you can Pepsi and Coke everywhere...here you drink Cott's)", eat, pay, leave.  You'll do so having filled yourself with a great fortifying meal and having shared an experience that movie stars, politicians and rocks star past and present have done before you.In the spring of 2011 look for Schwartz's: The Musical from your friends at Bowser & Blue.  Dinner and show anybody?
5	I'm review 188!!! sha-bang!the meat is awesome! that's all you need to know! smoked meat sandwich, with coleslaw and a pickle for your side, add a can of coke, omg i could do this everyday! too bad i live in Detroit :(who want's to FedEx me another sandwich? back-channel me...
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said already? Schwartz's Deli is a venerable institution in Montreal, and it is all about smoked meat. Similar to New York style hot pastrami (not that shaved crap you get in most delis), but not as salty. Just full of rich, smoked flavor, perfect with some deli mustard and bread, and served in Montreal at Schwartz's since 1928. They must be doing something right!There are other things on the menu here, of course, but I would pass on any other meats. I also had a grilled steak, and it paled in comparison. The usual accoutrements are available, including fries and cole slaw. But be prepared. This place is quite small and most of the time, packed to the rafters. At usual meal times, getting in here can be a contact sport. But it is organized chaos. The guys in here have been directing traffic here for a while (one of the newest team members has been there 8 years), so they will eventually take care of you.And as a bonus to American visitors, they accept US$ (currently at par).Definitely one of the best treats you should afford yourself in Montreal!
5	The King of smoked meat.  Get ready to line up though.  Remember it's kosher so if you want cheese on your sandwich fuggedaboutit!
5	If you plan to visit Montreal, this is a must stop spot.  Get your grub on for cheap and eat the best smoked sandwich ever. You have the choice of lean, regular or fatty meat....so of course I order fatty and it was so worth it.  You also have to order the pickle, coleslaw and black cherry soda...it wouldn't be the same without them.  Their coleslaw is the best I've ever had....no mayo, just vinegar and their special ingredients.  Mmmmm....
5	All the tour books say that this is a must-try spot in Montreal and while sometimes that is a sign to actually stay away because it is overhyped or touisty, I definitely recommend that you try Schwartz's! In fact, I thought the corned beef, which has an extra layer of smokiness to it (compared to regular steamed/boiled corned beef), was better than stuff I had in New York! (I can hear gasps and cries of how unAmerican I am now)When you go, do:-be prepared to wait in line outside for 15-30 minutes and expect to be seated at a table with strangers. It's all good though-order the regular, not lean. You ain't eating here because you're watching your calories.-pass the mustard or ketchup or whatever your stranger-dining-mates on the other side of the table ask for.Despite how small the dining room is and how crammed it is with people, it is fairly quiet inside. And after you take your first bite you too will shut up and understand why. :)
4	Schwartz's is the oldest deli in Canada, dating back since 1928.Just walking through the door is a blast from the past, with its old school deli stool counter, and tables packed back to back, walls plastered with photographs, awards, and featured magazines. Even the waitstaff have the old deli hats.Let alone, the pastrami sandwich ($5.90) is fantastic. The pastrami is steamed and smoked enough so that the meat breaks down and falls apart in your mouth upon biting into it. The meat is thrown between two pieces of light rye bread  and a light coating of yellow mustard. However, for those mustard pastrami mustard fiends like myself, there are bottles available on each table allowing you to liberally slather on as much mustard to your liking. It is leaps and bounds above many people's expectations. Don't forget to add a dill pickle ($1.60) to add some much needed crunchy texture, and a Cott Cerise Noire ($1.80), a yummy cherry soda, to swallow it all down. If you're really hungry, a small plate of fresh homemade french fries ($2.65), crispy on the outside and potatoey on the inside.But Schwartz's has been a long-time contender to the famous Katz's Deli in New York City and I couldn't help but to compare the two (they even had a Maxim article comparing the two just above where I was sitting, see photo). This is not your classic Pastrami on Rye that you are accustomed to seeing in New York City. There are subtle differences: from the lighter and softer rye bread compared to the heavier and thicker version sold at Katz's and delis throughout America, simple and sub-standard yellow mustard is used as compared to the more savory deli/spicy brown mustard, to the pastrami, and the portions are smaller. The flavors in the pastrami are not as deep and smoky, holding a bit of the flavor from its corned beef brethren. But there is one thing that Schwartz's reigns supreme, the price!! For the price of a Pastrami Sandwich ($5.60), Cott Soft Drink ($1.80), Dill Pickle ($1.60), and French Fries ($2.65), it still blows the price of a $14.95 Pastrami Sandwich at Katz's Deli. Sometimes price can make all the difference in the taste of food and that just might do it for me.And another sidenote: Get there well BEFORE 12pm. Luckily we arrived at Schwartz's at 11:45 AM on New Year's Day when there were still a decent amount of tables empty. But as we ate, the place was fully packed, with strangers squished together and sharing tables. There was no seat unoccupied. By the time we left, there was a long line extending out the door and 2-3 storefronts down.
4	There's no doubt that you're going to get a good sandwich at Schwartz's but for me, it's just not worth the long wait and crowded space. The sandwiches are very large and satisfying and you must try them at least once but be prepared to wait...and wait...and....ohmygodi'msohungry...wait.
5	Driving from Toronto for 5 hr on the way back to Boston with 10 pounds of Schwartz's smoked meat! Then you can guess how much I love it!Try the fatty if you don't really mind fat, because it tastes best(their staff told me so, and I guaranteed it's true!) So there is no doubt why everyone would recommend it if they ever ate there. Also, you can order pickles, salad and drinks, but who cares what else they offer, would just pay attention to their smoked meat sandwich. Love it!!!! Whenever I go to Canada, this is a must try.
5	I'm a big sandwich fan and I can't tell you how much I love the smoked meat sandwich here.  If you're in Montreal you HAVE to stop into here and get a smoked meat sandwich.  Remember to get it medium as the lean one always seems dry.  The fries are nothing special (don't get me wrong they're not terrible!) but the pickles are pretty damn good and remember your cherry cola!Every time I've been there has been a wait to dine in but there is take out.  This is one of my favourite sandwich places in the world.
4	An excellent little deli in Montreal, with the best smoked meat sandwich I have ever had. The restaurant truly deserves the name hole in the wall, being a long tube with a preparation area on one side and a side of basic tables that you, if you don't have enough friends, usually get to share with some strangers during the busy hours.The smoked meat sandwich is excellent, with just the right amount of spice and flavor from the seasoning, and the side choices make it a perfect inexpensive meal in a city that can get heavy on the wallet or expense account. They will also sell you the spices you need for beef, chicken, and fries, so you can take the experience with you when you leave Montreal. Just make sure to take enough, since it's excellent on steak and goes quick.
4	This was my second visit to a truly world-famous place. I brought my son at about 1830 on a Fri eve; 15-minute wait was tolerable. So was table sharing. The smoked meat is always a revelation. Unfortunately, our plate contained a lot of fat; though I am beginning to believe fat is beloved by Montreal diners. The rye bread and fries were excellent. The other sides were special, too; half-sour pickle, hot peppers, vinegar cole slaw. We spent about $27 CAD for a large meat plate, fries, peppers, slaw, and pickle.Mile End Deli in Brooklyn is as good, and maybe better.
4	It's the famous spot for smoked meat in Montreal. Heck, they even have a musical about them. We had a blast. Went at an off time (3pm on a Monday) and got right in. Met some nice Franadiens who now live in the States. We all took each other's pictures. This was the second place we got smoked meat during our trip. Schwartz's got great marks. Less heavy on the brine/spices which allowed you to taste the actual meat. Bonus points for oil based cole slaw that was excellent. Be sure to grab a cherry soda and enjoy!
4	This place is delicious! I just got the smoked meat (medium) and french fries and it was such a filling lunch! All the seasonings in/on the meat are so tasty!
5	We walked from our hotel on Peel and Sherbrooke and got there just before 5 pm on 3/24/11.  There was no line out the door which is a good sign we wouldn't need to wait outside in the cold.  Inside is rather small but it wasn't too busy and we got seats right away.  At first we didn't know what to do as far as ordering so it felt like we were being ignored.  But after a few minutes we were told by a worker on his way out that the next shift was coming in and that someone would come to take our order.  George was our guy.  He's one of the older ones working but he was friendly and erased any misgivings we had while waiting.I personally got the smoked meat sandwich.  Fatty.  Or if that's not you then they also offer lean or medium.  For the price and taste I feel you get more value here compared with a sandwich from a NYC establishment like Carnegie Deli.  I also got a pickle on the side; that was OK.  You must get their fries though.  The taste of the potatoes are...Je ne sais quoi...awesome to say the least.
4	This was my second visit to the world-famous Schwartz's.  If ever given the choice between lean and medium... My rule of thumb is to always choose medium.  There ain't nothing like smoked meat with a tad bit of fat to give you that mouth-melting goodness!  Their fries are heavenly.  It appears they fry them twice.  Whatever it is that they do, it is just bursting with potatoe-y goodness!For me, the sandwich itself is a little bit oily, but still tastes amazing.  It is on my list of "to-do's" every single time I'm in Montreal!
5	Great stuff, absolutely delectable, juicy and succulent smoked meat sandwiches!  Served on classic rye bread (no other options, mind you) and with a side of fries/poutine/pickles etc., this old school sandwich place has set the standard for smoked meat around the world!Certainly a 5 star rating because I honestly haven't had any better smoked meat and thoroughly admire this small jewish establishment's cherished history and strong adherence to what they believe in.Long lines, all the time .. so come with a book or a group of friends!  Totally worth the wait.
3	This place is dirty as fuck but tourists love it for the smoked meat. I hate to break it to you but it probably tastes no different than any other place.....only here you worry about how clean the cooks are and rats
4	ok I had to do the tourist thing and go to this fabulous staple. Didn't know what to expect being used to the NYC pastrami scene, but I must say smoked brisket with the blend of peppercorn and other spices rocked my taste buds! Great way to start for my first visit to  Montreal!!
5	Schwartz's is Montreal's world famous Hebrew deli. It is famed for it's smoked meat, which happens to be the BEST sandwich in the entire world.Smoked meat is found throughout Montreal but Schwartz's has that certain "je ne sais quoi" special touch.History shows that it has stayed in the same, unchanged for EIGHTY years! There is always a lineup, no matter the time of day, or day of the week. The wait has not usually long in my experience.  I have been fortunate on several occasions of getting a seat even from the back of the line, simply because there was space available to accommodate my group of two. Be prepared to share a table with strangers. I can testify that in my many visits,  I have never had unpleasant table buddies.Montreal smoked meat is synonymous with Montreal.  You really cannot state that you have been to Montreal without trying Schwartz's smoked meat! Big chunks of salty meat, smoked over charcoals on rye bread = beyond delicious. This really is one of those places that has become a legend for a reason.
5	I first need to apologize to Canada. I have not been very nice to you. I've heard it said that Canada is America's attic ... you know it's up there but you're not sure what's in it. (If you just want to read about the Menu/Food ... scroll down.) That's how I felt. I did ZERO research on your beautiful Montreal. Fact is, I wasn't even sure if you drove on the same side of the road as I'm use to. So when I casually asked the rental car attendant where to grab lunch, and was told Schwartz's for smoke meat, I dismissed the idea as something like a Togo's or Quizno's. I'd never heard of smoked meat. It seemed to me logical to go where the guy I was talking to on my flight thought I would like ... Moishe's. ($$$$x10) I made my way to St-Lauarent Blvd or Bole St Laurent and saw Schwartz's right next door to Moishe's. The line and the cold temp, 2 degrees Celsius, I instinctively knew this place must be something special. BTW Americans, 2 Celsius is about 38 degrees ... I know, I was confused too. I made it in the door of this narrow and tight old old place. The group behind me were told to wait outside. No slack here for anyone. Someone actually wrote a play about this place. Given I was in the door I was going to relax and enjoy the experience as this is just one of those places you need to observe and blend into.Ten minutes after arriving I was seated at a table for four. Thought it odd as the place was too busy to leave three seats empty. WRONG. They brought four more and we all shared this small space. It was fun. My table mates spoke French beautifully but had no French accent when helping understand the Schwartz's tradition. My new friends were very tolerant of a provincial guy like me. THE FOOD. I memorized the menu ... its that limited. I had the smoked meat, I think its Canadian for pastrami, sandwich with mustard. (no need to tell them rye bread as that's all they have) and a pickle. Very good. You can order more flavorful (fattier cuts) smoked meat if you want but I took the standard fare. I also had a coke no ice. Not sold on that tradition yet. It was a delicious sandwich. The pickle was crisp and snappy. The mustard was obviously home made and the bread? Whats not to love? Jewish Rye. Fresh, moist, great crust. How can you ask for more? Good thing as you wont get it. I had a blast and was really glad I decided to try it. Thank you Budget Car Rental and my friends with whom I shared a table. My sincere apologies Montreal. Thank you for the intro to smoked meats and a great time.
5	Yeah. This was pretty much AWESOME.  1. Do take out and eat outside in the park.2. Get the meat "medium."  It has a little bit of fat on it still, but it's flavor is UNBEATABLE.
5	Epic deliciousness. On my last trip to Montreal, I went here three times in a week. The smoked meat truly is the best with a side of fries & washed down with black cherry soda made especially for them.
3	One of the guys in the group wanted to try this famous place.  A short line was waiting but we got a table pretty quickly.I went with the kitchen sink combo.  The sausage was pretty tasty.  the corn beef was kind of bland.  The steak was thin and just about right for a medium.  There was a lot of food and I finished everything but probably only ate a few sticks of french fries.The line got long as we came out.
3	They may recommend the "medium" cut, but I would opt for the "fatty" version of their smoked meat next time, as this admittedly tasty but neither here-nor-there cut lacked the kind of mouth-drooling unctuousness I remember from my first encounter years ago.The cole slaw is also a must, as the cool, crisp vinaigrette lends a perfect contrast to each savoury bite of smoked meat.Also be warned re: the black cherry soda.  A recommended classic complement to the smoked meat sandwich, yes; but also strongly reminiscent of cough syrup, so perhaps better to skip if you're afraid drinking said soda will dredge up memories of being force fed medicine as a snotty nosed toddler.
5	If I had to choose my last meal on earth - I think this would be close to the finish line.This meat is just to die for.Everytime I'm in Montreal I get a pound to go.I will admit I think they are getting alittle pricy now - but it's worth that treat when I end up the odd time in Montreal. Goes very well with their massive pickles and cherry cola. There is always a line outside this place but I think it goes quick because they sit you where they can.  The last time I ended up at the bar and chatting to the friendly gent that served me. Service is fast and friendly.AN ABSOLUTE MUST if you are in Montreal .. you won't be disappointed!
4	AMAZINGGGG!!!!cheap and good food, what more can you ask forOnly 6 bucks for a smoked meat sandwich...try the black cherry and the sausage tooI only gave 4 stars because of the 30mins line up and cramped place, if you are going with only 2 people be prepared to eat in a table with strangers because its a very small place
4	Awesome smoked beef, Great coleslaw & picklesLove the atmosphere, the hussle & bussle.Will definitely eat here again when in Montreal.Nothing bad to say, a GREAT experience, you can see why they are such an institution!!
5	Great place!  It's like the Ben's Chili Bowl of Montreal (for those of you who know Washington DC).  The ambiance is great.  The servers are very amiable and knowledgeable about the secret parts of Montreal (if you know what I mean).  The overall mood is very friendly which is good because you will probably sit elbow to elbow with another customer while sharing a table.  Pas de problem, though.  Just tell them they are very attractive and they will be more than willing to chat it up.  Plus if they seem friendly/normal enough, when they leave you can eat their leftovers before they clear off the table (the servers stared, but didn't seem to mind).  But that is really a testament to their good food.  As long as it didn't hit the floor at any point, I'd eat leftovers off an attractive stranger's plate.  Bringing me to my only negative.  They could run a mop through the floor a bit more often.
3	I might have expected too much of this Montreal staple.  It's definitely a very popular place.  There's pretty much always a line waiting to go in.We had 2 platters:  Combo plate and the chicken combo.  Both of which are served with fries, cole slaw and a pickle.  The cole slaw was good, especially for someone who doesn't usually eat cole slaw.  It wasn't the kind with mayo but tasted very refreshing and light.  My friends tell me the pickles were good and that it was sweet but I didn't get that when I ate it.The combo plate was a plate of meat with different sections.  We got the medium fat one.  The fattier parts definitely tasted better.  Considering this is their bread and butter, I thought it was just okay.  Maybe it would have been better if I ate it as a sandwich.The chicken combo had chicken and a little meat.  The chicken was the best thing on the plate.  It was very seasoned and done well too.  The chicken was the highlight of the place for me.I think I was expecting the meat to taste better.  It was good but no wow factor.  It's a small place so expect to be sharing tables with others and make some new friends :)
4	I'm worried my rave reviews in Montreal will undermine my Yelp rating integrity, but all the recommendations we received have more than lived up to expectations.  People are not joking about Schwartz's!  It's delicious.  We were lucky to experience next to no wait, despite arriving at 12:15 (it helped that it was a Wednesday).  Our waiter was very nice and we both got smoked meat sandwiches (mine with medium fat, his with more fat), shared some fries and one pickle, and each drank a Cott's black cherry soda (recommended by the waiter).  As a lover of Zingerman's in Ann Arbor, I have to especially note that this smoked meat is something special.  I like pastrami every once in a while in the States, but this was a distinctive flavor and the portion size was just right.  I left feeling full but not regretful.Schwartz's is definitely worth a trek, and even a wait.  And get the Cott's to round out the experience.
4	Booya! If the words 'fatty smoked meat sandwich' don't scare you, then let Schwartz's hold the key to your heart. Located on the Main (St. Laurent Boulevard), this legendary deli offers up the best salty sammy in the city. Served with the house mustard, I order mine with a side of pickle. Trust me, you'll need the tart flavor to cut through that juicy fat! It's a messy and extremely unhealthy eat that I doubt my arteries could stand too often, but once a month? Sure, twist my rubber arm why don't you...
5	Absolutely cannot miss it!
5	The best beef brisket sandwich of all time.  Of all time.  I will try to describe it: smoky yet juicy, peppery yet salty, spicy yet sweet.  I realize I have failed to describe it.  You should go buy some and put it in your mouth and you will understand.It would really be unfair to compare Schwartz's with another one of my favorite Hebrew Delicatessen's: Katz's in New York's Lower East Side.  It is unfair, but I will do it anyway. At Katz's, their specialty is pastrami, which is sweeter and sliced thinner.  They also serve it on rye bread with mustard, and it's also delicious, but it's totally different here at Schwartz's.  Katz's is the undeniable champion of the pastrami and the salami, but this smoked meat thing in Montreal is really special.  It wasn't until I came here that I realized "Montreal steak seasoning" that I have in my kitchen probably originated here.Here at Schwartz, the smoked meat is cut by hand into big chunks and slathered on the bread.  It's very juicy and fatty, and more smoky than sweet.  Their mustard and spices work as a perfect counterpoint to the flavors they have working in the meat.  They're subversive.  This sandwich may be perfect as it is.    The staff is also really cool and recommended that we complete the pilgrimige with fries, a pickle and a black cherry soda.  Do that.  The fries are awesome.
5	Very Very inexpensive food and extremely good!! Very juicy smoked meat. This is the best deli I have ever ate at in my life and I have been to many delis in L.A. and Toronto.
3	Let me start by stating that I hardly ever crave or eat smoked beef; however I heard this place is a Montreal staple and the fam was eager to go.. We ordered the smoked beef/pastrami plate, pickles, fries and coleslaw.. I rate this place a 3.. again because pastrami is not my fav, but it was GOOD.. The fam loved it, finished every bite - seriously there was nothing left .. When we walked out there was a long line out the door.. A crowd is a good sign.. While I don't get it, many more do.. so I must be wrong.
2	We were in Montreal for a wedding and eating excursion.  Before heading back, we stopped at Schwartz's for some brunch. The place is busy.  Line was out the door, but the turnaround time is quick. We waited in line around 10-15 mins before we got seated. The dining area seating is cafeteria style.  It gets packed.  You will make friends.  We ordered the sampler meat plate to share and also the bbq chicken.  The meat plate is disappointing. Don't get me wrong, it's fresh.  But I guess it's not seasoned because I've tasted much better elsewhere.  The bbq chicken was good however I was worried because it was precooked and reheated on the grill.  I was afraid it would be dry, but they did a decent job of keeping it moist. Overall, not memorable. But it's a Montreal staple, so I guess you have to just go and see for yourself.
5	Best sandwich I ever ate in my life. Seriously. I cannot even put into words how the flavor and texture of the meat is just plain perfection.Sorry, New York. And Philadelphia, I've eaten more cheesesteaks than years since your birthed our nation (2011-1776=235), so I'm sad to say this tops Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, etc. Don't bother with the pickle and cherry soda crap, that's just so they make more money. Give them your seven bucks and take your sandwich and go make out with it.
4	Given the reputation of - apparently - one of the world's best Deli, I had to root out the evil at last. And gosh that tasted like the best smoked meat sandwich I ever had. Briefly (because that's what Schwartz is about: come, eat and leave): lovely setting with a friendly, nice and efficient service. I got my sandwich in less than 30 seconds after I ordered it. I also appreciated how focused the deli is as you have only 3 types of sandwiches only. However, I won't crave for their decent but quite common fries.Money talk: 2 cokes, 2 sandwiches ($6 each) and 1 fries amounted to $21 not including tip. Hey Cramer, get the price right. Overall, you will love Schwartz, for both the food and its lively atmosphere and I recommend you go there for a 3 pm lunch.
1	This place is overhyped. The service is awful. Order a dill pickle & get a sour. Order turkey and get smoked meat. Basically you are given whatever the server is in the mood to give you. And the smoked meat is rather bland. Perhaps I am spoiled coming from NY and being surrounded by some of the best delis in the world but my personal opinion is that the meat at Schwartz is mediocre at best. Not worth the wait or hassle.
5	This place blew my taste buds away!!!The meat is smoked to perfection!It's peppery, juicy, and the mustard just give it an extra kick.If you're ever in Montreal this place is a must try.There is always a line because the place is tiny, but just get in the to-go line to get your food faster.
4	It's hard to explain to anyone from outside of Quebec how "Smoked meat" is far superior to anything like Pastrami or corned beef. It's worth the trip. One of the best sandwiches in town. Don't be a wuss and order it on the "fatty" side...
4	Awesome smoked meat. Be ready to pass out after eating this sandwich. The pickle was so juicy, but a little too salty for my liking.
5	In my quest for the best Jewish deli in the world, this is currently sitting at #1.  Don't get me wrong, other Jewish Deli's are great and I will gladly eat at any of the top tier ones (Katz's, Manny's, etc) any time, but the smoked meat here is above any other deli sandwich I've tried.  Really, there's nothing else about this place that I even care or think about, it is all smoked meat, all the time.  Worth the wait in line out front, in my case, worth the plane ticket to Montreal.
3	Did not blow my mind in the least. The line for takeout moves faster than you think, but the sandwich is much smaller than I thought it'd be, and much plainer, pretty bland besides the saltiness. Their fries looked amazing but we didn't have enough cash on us so we only ordered the smoked meat, having spotted the cash-only sign. Then we get up to pay and find out they take credit.. and the guy filling orders a few steps back wouldn't take 5 seconds to dump some fries in a paper bag for me, so I just huffed and puffed and bought fries across the street (bad idea, they weren't good).
5	Hands down, the best smoked meat sandwich I've ever had. I've only been to Montreal twice, but I will drop everything and travel 2,500 miles from LA just to eat this superb sandwich again and again and again...
4	I came here on American Thanksgiving. Had a smoked meat sandwich and switched with my friend for half a turkey sandwich. Delish. I am a fan of smoked meats. This place is great but not as good as Mile End in NYC. Lol...the copy of Montreal smoke meat in NYC is better than the original.
5	The smoked meat is better than Katz's! I didn't think it was possible. Ordered "fatty," you will never get closer to heaven. It's so soft and salty, and the bread is nice and soft too. For $6.15... wait, 6 bucks??? NY is a killer on the wallet, it's bullshit that I am even GLAD to pay 15 for a pastrami at Katz's.  Now I have some perspective and want to move to Montreal. From across the street, I looked at the line out the door, and didn't want to go - no matter how good it is, I'm not going to wait in line like a bunch of lemmings for a sandwich. THEN, I found that there is a take-out shop next door selling the exact same sandwich - and there's even tables and counters to sit at!  Zero line. How come no one told me about this before???I have no idea what the classic Schwartz's deli looks like, and I don't care. Schwartz's take-out window gets 5 stars - easily. It blows up the scale.
4	Great smoked meat! A montreal classic. A symbol of the city. I love pastrami and brisket but this is even better. I agree with the yelpers it is better than Katz's in NYC though it is different.It is old fashion sandwich with flavor and smokiness.It is cheap and you have to fight in lines and lines so go in summer time or spring or you will turn into icicles.
1	What a mistake to go to this place on the recommendation of Anthony Bourdain. I like and watch Bourdain all the time, but Schwartz's is not worth his recommendation because it is over priced and the food is not special.We walked from the Marriott Champlain to Schwartz's, a trip taking about an hour, uphill, through some of Montreal's most unusual neighbourhoods. Thank you Google and Apple for not converting the metric system on our phone to miles instead of kilometre's. If I knew then what I known now I would have summoned a cab or rented an electric bike.We arrived when no crowd were lined up about 4 pm to be personally greeted by the owner who unequivocally proclaimed the service was terrible. What he left out was the "smoked meat" tasted like a poor Canadian version of pastrami without NYC pastrami zing. The price for three soft drinks, two smoked meat sandwiches, pickles and lousy service, terrible seats and disappointment was over $60.00 US dollars. CASH ONLY. Never going back to Schwartz's and thinking twice about any place Anthony Bourdain recommends because he is wrong about this place and should warn tourists about it, rather than drive them to it. Bourdain is now on the same list as Guy Fieri because both pitchmen are splendid con artists of the first calibre!
3	They make a great "corned beef" sandwich. If you are in the area-go have lunch here but don't make special trip, and don't wait in a line that's too long.  Lunch for 1 including sandwich, pickle and fries for less than $10.
5	The wait in line was worth it.  I waited in the take out line, which is faster.  Took the fatty smoked and it was pretty good.  When I got my sandwich it was not as hot as I thought it would be.  I went back later and bought some smoked meat home and it was even better.
3	Not bad. We had a large party so we got take out. The dudes helping us at the counter weren't very friendly. Kind of a cold shoulder feel. It was our first time, like probably many others, but didn't offer any expertise.I got the smoked meat sandwich and nothing else as some of my other buddies got frites and cole slaw. I stood outside and ate my sandwich. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't Langers or Katz pastrami. It is cheaper at like 7 dollars and they don't skimp on the meat. I just wasn't amazed. If you want it to taste better though... add cole slaw into the sandwich. It adds a lot of depth. The acidity and crunchy texture of the coleslaw complements the softness of the bread and saltiness of the smoked meat. I actually enjoyed my sandwich a lot more after the addition of cole slaw.
4	Walked into the restaurant on a Sunday at around noon and no line ups. Score!The restaurant had a nice old deli like feel to it, and looking at all the articles from different publications and old photo's on the walls you can tell this place has created huge buzz all around the world and created a great legacy.  All this hoopla fueled my expectation.First thing we got was the pickle.  Best I have ever had, it just had the right amount of juice and the texture or crunch factor was just right.My cousin and I shared a full plate of medium smoked meat and it totally met our expectations.  The meat was perfect and not too dry or salty, and the fatty part of the meat just melts in your mouth.  It was so good I ordered a pound of fatty meat to go after our meal.  I have not had such good smoked meat since my trip to L.A when I had the pastrami sandwich at The Hat.  Scharwtz has just topped mylist as the best smoked meat joint ever.Highly recommend!
3	Good try. I had it for take out maybe it is a whole lot better devouring it on the spot. But please note, I walked 5 more steps outside the store front and chewed it all up...I got the smoked meat, which seemed like it is the bread and butta of this place, and some fries..The fries are nothing to remember about..The smoked meat sandwich didn't have the ooOmph of flavor for a smoked meat. It was a tad of the bland side... A couple of my friend added their cole slaw to their sandwich which made it X100100002031083028 times better. It adds another texture and taste to the sandwich. It ain't Katz's or Langer's in the sandwich and meat department, but it is a little cheaper (not by much US dollars) but then again the sandwich is smaller in quantity ...
4	Yes, it's great, it's got viande fume or smoked meat, and it's insanely famous.  They provide good portions and good value in a charmingly bare bones deli style cafe, and if you get it "medium fatty" you'll be rewarded with a rich ribbon of fat that you can combine bite for bite with the more crumbly meat parts.But if you are a foodie, I'm begging you to also try Reuben's downtown.  It's on my list of "best evers" for their more moist very of smoked meat. I tried both restaurants eight years ago when I was in town for a conference, and again last week, and came to the same conclusion: the moister, richer experience of Reuben's cannot be matched! More details:http://www.yelp.com/biz/reubens-deli-montreal#hrid:yqpzawU4dU69Tv4kqNa6XQ
5	Favourite thing to eat in Montreal. For best flavour, order the sandwich "fat".
4	If you love smoked meat or even if you think you don't...go here! While in Montreal, my husband desperately wanted to eat at Schwartz's. My smoked meat experience has not been great but I agreed because I'm a wonderful wife :) I am now a Schwartz's convert. We waited in line for 2 minutes. We sat down in the packed deli and ordered 2 sandwiches medium, 2 drinks, 2 pickles (YUM!) and 1 order of fries. The food came quickly and it did not disappoint. The fries were hot and complimented the sandwiches. Our bill was a little over $25. We will definitely return on our next visit to Montreal.
5	The best smoked meat sandwich. If the line is too long, check out the takeout place next door for seating.
4	The smoked meat is good but end of the day, it's smoked meat.  About 1/4 of the smoked meat was a bit drier than I had liked.  Overrated reputation?  A bit.  Service is prompt and some of the servers are very friendly.  Some are just unnecessarily rude.
5	Thus place is deservedly famous. The smoked meat is great and even the pickles are spectacular. Unlike in the States, the sandwiches aren't pointlessly gargantuan (and priced accordingly). Order yours "medium," the way they recommend it. You'll be very happy, and you won't need to spend the rest of the day sleeping it off, as is sometimes the case in US delis. The cherry soda is good too, and the tab is reasonable. All in all a must in Montreal.
5	I have no other words. I could come up with something clever and intelligent, but this place is simply the sh*t. I refuse to listen to the people who say all Montreal smoked meat is the same, or that Rubens is better. I'm open to change, if it's for the better. In this case, once you go Schwartz, you never go back.I crave this place. When I fill this craving it satisfies the depths of my soul, not just my stomach. The perfect meal here is a medium sandwich, a side of fries, coleslaw, a pickle and a cherry coke. I hope you wrote that down. They opened a take-out store next door to help manage some of the traffic. The waiters at the dine-in restaurant are hilarious - they love to flirt, and provide a few laughs. I brought some back with me. It's what's for lunch...scratch that, I'm going to eat it now.
4	Great place for a smoked meat sandwich!!  There was a LONG line, but thankfully it was just two of us so we got to cut to the front.  My husband got their fatty smoked meat sandwich, and I got their medium smoked meat sandwich- the fatty is definitely better!  Served on fresh rye bread with a little smear of mustard.  We also got a plate of fries to share.
4	I was only able to get cold meat because I came at 8:30 and hot meat wasn't available until 10:30. Man this was some tasty meat (that's what she said). Had a nice peperry bite and not too salty.  The hot meat is probably way better than the cold meat and if that's the case I would say it's worth waiting on the long lines I've read about.
4	The famous Schwartz's definitely doesn't disappoint. Line out the door even at the most obscure eating times. Montreal smoked meat, I've never had anything like the stuff at this place.
4	This is some awesome smoked meat. I read the reviews while I was standing on the long queue for seats in the restaurant side of the establishment. Some people said the meat was bland and tasteless, but after trying it myself I had to ask...where were they from and what do they usually eat?? The smoked meat was so tender and pretty flavorful, with just a bit of fat left on to make me swoon. I ate it plain without the bread or mustard and didn't feel it bland at all, maybe if you were comparing it to Southern American BBQ.However, as part of my Schwartz combo, I also had a steak with my smoked meat. I asked for rare and it was no where near it.  It was so overcooked and completely bland. It's probably why they sprinkle even more of their signature rub mixture on it before they served it to me, this piece of meat needs all the help it can get in the flavor department. The combo also came with an hot dog sausage, not too memorable.The sides were good though. The cole slaw was crisp and with just the right amount of vinegar, one of the best slaw I ever had. The large pickle was also just right. I devoured both.Stick to the smoked meat, ask for cole slaw, pickles, and peppers. Try to pair off when waiting in line. The counter opens up much faster and it always has room for two or less.
4	Went here on an absolute whim. A ny'er with a buddy in Montreal who reccomeded the place. hit it up on the way back to NY. Damn was it bangin! didnt have to wait on line at all, got there literally when it opened, so i cant comment on the wait.  is it the cleanest/nicest place? no. does it serve great smoked meat sandwich (which is what myself and gf had) f yes! do yourself a favor and try this place whilst in a great city. don't know if its better than katz's or whatever other jew deli in ny, cuz i don't waste my time and money in nyc. but it was certainly bangin!
5	I ate here with my friend and his friends.  It was a Monday, and we were lucky.  Normally, I heard this place gets packed and you have to wait forever.  We passed by on Saturday, and the line was huge.  Today, though, the wait lasted only 10 minutes or so.  The food is awesome.  My friend and I split a small plate, and it had lots of food.  The meat was very tender and flavorful.  Huge amounts really, so make sure to come in with an appetite.
5	After years of eyeing this place, I finally tried it out. Since everyone else has already written ad nauseum about how great the smoked meat/bread/pickles/etc. are (delicious, btw!) my contribution is to simply tell you when you go in order to beat the lineup. Plan your visit around the following three variables, and you may just get a counter seat with no wait:- Worst weather possible (middle of rainstorm, windstorm, hailstorm or snowstorm)- Later in the evening (after dark)- On a lame weeknight (Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday)(I.e. I went on a Monday, in the middle of a rainstorm, at 8pm, and I was at the counter in 30 seconds flat and sinking my teeth into smoked meat goodness in under five minutes.)
3	Yes, this place is just OK. Unique ambiance depends on if you like to share a table with strangers. I can't believe they had no horseradish for their sandwiches. Quality is what you would expect of a deli that was not in New York city.
4	a must stop when you are in montreal!I was in Mtl for the weekend and wind up eating here 2 nights in a row!The sandwiches here are unbelieveable! The smoked meat is so tasty and salty but so good. The bread definitely complements the meat!Not much of a line up if you come either later in the evening.Remember to leave a tip in the plate when you order take out and the servers will be extra nice and funny!
3	Real good smoked meat but:The smell while queuing outside is terrible. The place is everything but clean. Don t look under the table. And then, the extra fee to share a plate is a scam. It s not matter of cost, as the price overall is very good for what you get, it s just ridiculous to pay an extra to steal in your buddy's plate.
4	Smoked meat was on the menu of must-try foods while in Montreal.  I like pastrami, and corned beef (although maybe twice a year), and so I knew I'd be cool with a smoked meat sandwich.  It's kind of a far walk from the Mont Royal station, but I got some required souvenir shopping in as there are tons of boutiques and spots to do stroll around in.  I was heading to the airport that afternoon, and so wanted to take this sandwich to-go to unwrap at the airport and grub - because my airline did not offer any free snacks for a six-hour flight.  I answered back with Schwartz breath. Walked in and there was a short line, but the restaurant's seating area (which is minimal but still enough..  though you'll be stuffed like a sardine) was quite full.  They are very fast to service, and you pay and are out the door in a matter of less than 5 minutes (Wednesday around maybe 2pm?)  I asked for "medium fat", as that's what I'd been suggested to do.  I don't think they cared, and medium fat is probably the default.  Anyway, I unwrapped it at the airport a couple of hours later, and although the paper wrapping and bag were soaked with some grease, the sandwich itself was not greasy.  It wasn't glistening with oil.  The grease was just from the natural fats that are melted into the meat itself, and not dripping really - since it's a dry meat.  I think it was on a mild rye toast and slathered in mustard.  Yum!  The meat is sliced medium.. and perfect for just grabbing a chunk out of your sandwich and eating with your fingers.  Yes, us Californians have no shame.  I think it was around $7?  Great deal, lots of meat (and I mean like maybe 2" of meat stuffed into the sandwich), and you won't feel too heavy afterward.  I like!
4	I've heard so many good things about this place so when my family and I stopped by Montreal we had to give this place a try! We got there pretty late (around 8:30pm) and there still was a line leading to the front door! It was sort of confusing because there were two lines, I guess one was for eating in and the other was for take out.Inside is quite small and isn't the cleanest (but who cares because you're here for the smoked meat), service was very attentive and quick, and the sandwiches were very decently priced! My leftovers were a nice little snack the next day.Overall a decent place to grab a bite =)
2	So in my last review I wrote that it probably didn't taste any different than any other place, and I'd like to correct that. It DOESN'T taste any different than any other place. At the time of my first review, I hadn't been there in over 1 year. I went in to give it another chance, had a smoked meat sandwich, looked at the place, got disgusted, and left. How they can let it get so dirty is beyond me. I've tried better. And the place is MUCH cleaner. What place you ask? well I don't know if it's fair to the owner's of this place if I post it in the review, but it's right next door to H&M (downtown) on Saint Catherines street O (West). Place starts with an R
5	Just thinking about this place makes me drool lolThe smoke meat is heavenly, now I know why my husband talked about it so much when we were in Montreal.Everytime we went by Schwartz's there's a line up out the door passed a store's length. Make sure you go before 11am to avoid a line up. Even then, the place will still be half full during non-busy hours (I don't really know when is non-busy though, we passed by the place at 3pm and it was still crazy)We ordered the smoke meat sandwich (seems like that's what everybody was having) with fries, cole slaw and coke. You can choose your meat to be lean, medium or fatty. We got medium and it was fantastic!! Fries were awesome too, personally I didn't like the cole slaw as much, it was too sour for me. If you are looking for quick, easy, good and cheap lunch, don't get side dishes coz they add up pretty quickly! Our bill ended up to be about $25.00, more expensive than we thought, but the sandwich was excellent ($6.15 for a sandwich)Schwartz's should go Canada wide, we'd totally go again if there's another one in Calgary!
4	Good smoked meat (seems like pastrami to me). Portion size of food is much better than New York's over the top delis, and well priced. If you like smoked beef, this is a great place.
4	We went here twice during the 4 days we were in Montreal.  (Yes, it's that good.)  We got the sandwiches to go (the to-go line never had a wait) and sat on the curb to eat them.  This is my favorite kind of food:  simple but delicious.  Don't forget to get a pickle with your sandwich.
5	I always thought smoked meat was a little overrated. I mean, it's layers of meat between two slices of bread. What's so great about that? Man, was I ever wrong. If smoked meat represented heaven, Schwartz's would be God. It is quite possibly the most delicious smoked meat I've ever had- so delicious, in fact, that I'm willing to wait an hour in the blistering cold just to get a sandwich, which is saying a lot considering I won't even wait an hour to see my favourite film in the theatre. Strangely enough, because of how small the place is, and the layout of the shop, Schwartz's is also a wonderful place to meet people- tourists and locals alike.
3	Just ok.  Meat wasn`t juicy, and I found I was adding a lot of mustard while eating it.  The bread with the `sandwich` seemed superflous since it was too small to contain any meat inside it anyways.Also, I think I just paid $1.75 plus tax for a large pickle.
4	So, I had such mixed feelings about my experience at Schwart's.  It was one of those things that was so hyped up to me that I expected it to be the most delicious sandwich ever.  However, that wasn't my favorite part by far, and I feel like it probably is what most people go for.  The staff are super friendly and, of course, happily spoke English.  They even went out of their way to strike up conversation with me while I was having my supper.  I went at a sort of off time and didn't have to wait for a seat or food.  I chose the bar since I was flying solo, and the food came out almost as quickly as I could order it.  It was perfectly fresh and tasty though, and certainly not a situation of having been pre-made.  The sandwich was certainly not the highlight of the meal for me, but it was good and the combination of it and the black cherry soda were fantastic.  The smoked meat on its own was top notch, but the bread just kind of got in the way for me.  I definitely had to add tons more mustard, but better too little than too much, I say. For me it was the fresh kosher pickle that really sealed the deal for me at this place.  It was perfectly crispy and sour and delicious.  If I hadn't been backpacking, there's no doubt that I would have purchase a jar for home.
4	Nothing fancy, but you get the best smoked meat. Nothing compares to Schwartz's in smoked meat.  A must if you are in Montreal. And, be ready for a line up outside.
4	I kind of agree with Leah - it was a great experience and the meat was fan-freaking-tastic (even though next time I'll go lean, but that's my own issues talking.) As a sandwich, I thought it was underwhelming.  Rumor has it that the secret is to get the plate, which is served with a rye that is apparently baked by angels in the opinion of some people I've spoken with. I'll be going back before I leave town, just to have it this way.  This place is worth a follow up for sure. Good show! Lots of history, lots of fun, and a good meal.
5	The smoked meat sandwich is awesome.  Very flavorful, smoky, simple, and just plain tasty.  It's served on rye with mustard.  I also had fries, which were so-so, and a can of black cherry soda, which was delicious.  Next time I'll get a pickle and/or cole slaw instead of the fries.
4	Yeah, yeah - it's a Montreal institution, it's been around for 80 years or what have you.  It was good, I guess, but like almost every place with a line up, I found myself a bit underwhelmed.  Prices are good, you get a lot of meat for your money, but I guess I was expecting a bit more complex flavour. It might just be that I don't know anything about smoked meat.  Service was good and quick and the pepperoni sticks were good too. I think I'll have to try Reuben's before I can evaluate it fairly.
5	A masterpiece of a food experience. Everything you've read and heard it true. The place is of legend. Make this your first visit in Montreal.
4	Do this once.  Go get the smoked meat sandwich and make sure you order a pickle.  It is really really good and really cheap.  I split the large platter with my sister and that was sufficient for both of us with some food left when were done.That being said, i feel like having done it once I don't really need to do it again.
4	The to-go line moves quick so don't be too upset if you can't get into the restaurant, as was our case.  Big but not unconquerable sandwiches and two types of really good coleslaw.  Not quite a New York kosher (style) deli...but definitely some Jews Canada can be proud of!
4	I have to admit I was a bit skeptical being a New Yorker who goes to Katz's but I ended up really liking this place.  It is small but there is a real order to the chaos.  Don't expect to get your own table as most of the tables are communal.  Waiter, and in our case other guests, were super friendly.  As far as the food, we started with a sour pickle and fries, excellent!   The Quebec version of smoked meat is more like a smoked corned beef compared to what I consider NY smoked meat which is Pastrami.  Nevertheless, the Quebec version is excellent!  Yum!  I didn't even touch the bread, took a forkful of smoked meat, little mustard and.....DELISH!  Highly recommend.  N.B - There is usually a long line in front of this place but luckily we breezed right in.
3	So, a lot of people put this as a "must go" for Montreal. If you've never been to New York then you might find this to be true. Otherwise, though, I would say skip it. The smoked beef is good, the food IS cheap, but it is definitely nothing special or unique. The bread is standard "bimbo" bread...the french fries were standard but still pretty OK.
4	Love this place! Smoke meat is really good. The only problem : its really small and elbow to elbow seating isn't really pleasant.
4	Visted Schwartz from San Francisco and heard they had the best smoked meat sandwhich ever.  However, let me be honest it was not.  The problem was that it didn't taste smoked to me.  Just like a real good corned beef sandwhich that had been cooked for a few hours with pickling spices.   I tried the Karnatzel too and it was so-so.    All in all Schwartz's was good but I think my expectations were set too high.  If you go, make sure to get a pickle and a sweetpepper too!
5	After sampling most of the pastrami sandwiches, I was shocked to taste the smoked meat at Schwartz's because it is actually better than those in New York! I feel a bit defeated since I am a New Yorker. Schwartz's reminds me of Katz Deli in Manhattan but it looks dirtier, smaller but the Jewish servants remain. Their smoked meat sandwich is not as meaty as Katz but it is juicier and tastier. They don't have fancy sauces but yellow mustard. Surprisingly, it is good enough for all of us. Their dill is also great as well as their coleslaw. Try the black cherry soda with your sandwich and get used to being cramped inside. I would come back to Montreal just for the sandwich!
2	i understand this is an old school place, and they even have a musical named after it ( see the poster outside the store). But after trying the most famous corn beef sandwich, i really couldn't understand what's so hype about this place. The meat is not very moist and lack of flavor, maybe their old owner had a better recipe?not going back again for sure. but as a tourist, maybe u should still give it a chance just to review the history~~
5	Smoked meats galore (aka pastrami). Best known in Montreal for their sandwiches and meat. Luckily, when my boyfriend and I arrived to this location for dinner the line was short and we were seated within less than 10 mintues. Just so you know, after we were done, around 8:30ish the line stretched across 3-4 stores. I like how Schwartz's had different levels of meats - lean, medium, or fatty. I had the medium and my boyfriend had the fatty. The fatty was definitely the better pick since the smoked meat can get a bit dry in certain areas, the fat can really counteract the dry bread. I truly like this place, good sandwiches and good service really makes a difference. The waiters made an effort to speak to us since they noticed we weren't natives. What a night.
3	The service was just okay, not super nice, but not super rude either (as some have experienced).  However, we paid $17 for just ONE sandwich, a coleslaw, a pickle and a black cherry coke.  That's a pretty hefty price tag for bread that you can barely hold because it's so small and insignificant.The medium fat smoked meat was good, but maybe I was expecting planets to shift based on all the reviews I've read.  A good sandwich that I might eat on occasion if it was in my neighbourhood, but not something I would drive 6 hours to try (which I partially did).The fat was probably the best tasting part...and the only reason I ate it (because I usually avoid it at all costs), is because removing it would have de-flavoured the sandwich.  So, if you're a tourist like me, I guess you have to go because all your Facebook friends told you to go...but if you don't care much about peer pressure, then you might save your stomach for something tastier...like foie gras poutine?
3	Tried its smoked meat sandwich. The smoked meat was really tender and succulent! Very pleasantly marinated! But this sandwich spilled with unhealthiness as it was really oily. Was quite messy to eat as well.The place was a 20-min walk from the nearest metro station ... if you are not a big foodie, I do not think it is worth making the distance for the sandwich.
5	I'm not really going to waste too much time on this one as I'm sure that everything I say about Schwartz's has already been said. First off if you're a Montrealer and you are over the age of 4 and haven't been here yet then what is wrong with you? Schwartz's is a must try far all people visiting or living in Montreal and a place that you'll very quickly find yourself craving and missing more then you can imagine when you are out of the city for any length of time.When it comes to your order its very simple, one regular smoke meat sandwich (none of this lean or medium crap, go big or go home) one dill pickle one order of fries one order of coleslaw and of course one Black Cherry Cott to wash it all down. I promise you'll never leave disappointed if you order that perfect combo
5	The BEST smoked meat in Montreal.  For a Canadian living in New York, smoked meat is a must while I am in town.   If you don't want the full menu, skip the lines and go next door to the take out side and order a sandwich and cherry soft drink.  They have chairs and tables available in the back.
3	This is review is from our visit to Montreal in August.Like everyone, we had their smoked meat sandwich, but the fat version. I admonished my husband for ordering it but then I had a bite--it was tender and, admittedly, delicious.  (Fat is tasty!)   We were lucky and didn't have to wait in line. Although the sandwich was satisfying, I don't know if it was "wait in line for a hour" good.
4	I'm embarrassed to admit it as a native Montrealer... But today was my first time at the famous Schwartz's. But, we waited outside in the cold in line for about 45 minutes, so I think i should be forgiven :) The decor is what I imagine it looked like when it first opened 80 years ago, minus some of the newspaper clippings on the walls.Everyone at our table had a classic smoked meat sandwich - I ordered lean and found it a little dry, so I added a touch more mustard. Those who had medium said the meat was perfect. The spice combination used here is different from what you'd find at other smoked meat places around the city.  The meat is flavourful, tender, and falls apart. The fries were good.  The star of meal, you ask? A giant pickle! Quite possibly the best pickle I've ever had (and I consider myself a pickle connoisseur, even if nobody else does). I wanted to stop next door at the take out counter to bring some pickles home, but the take out counter was closed. So I'll be back - the pickle is worth waiting in line.
4	Normally, I wouldn't recommend eating at a Jewish Deli while touring the very French Montreal but this is a perfect place for a good and cheap lunch.  Located on St. Laurent street, there is plenty of parking on the street in and around the area.  It would be a long walk from the Old City but is very walkable from the North East area of the Mont Royal park.There is generally a line out the door but it goes quickly.  I took off a star from the review because there isn't much room once you get inside the door.  The wall on the left hand side is lined with tables so cramped that generally the back of your chair is resting on the back of the chair of the person eating behind you.  The waiters are quick, courteous, and very accommodating even if you have a small child in your party.As a New Yorker, I tend to compare any pastrami sandwich to that of our fabled Katz but I have to say that the hot pastrami sandwich with mustard was just as good, if not better than the one at Katz.  The only difference, a sandwich here will cost you $6 - $8 whereas the same sandwich in NYC will cost $16.  The pastrami is perfectly cooked, heaped onto rye bread, and melts in your mouth.  The hotdogs aren't bad either.For three sandwiches and fries, the bill was around $19.  You cannot beat that.  They only accept cash and you pay up in the front of the deli.  They do take American dollars but will give change in Canadian coin.  If you are low on cash there is an ATM in the back by the bathrooms but don't depend on it as my Visa card didn't work there.
4	When you travel, there are always places that everyone tells you to try which end up being overrated, tourist trap disappointments. Thankfully, Schwartz's is not one of those. Despite being on the list of almost any person I spoke to about Montreal, Schwartz's amazingly lived up to its hype because of its smoked meat sandwich. That sandwich would easily be able to throw down with Katz's pastrami in terms of pure, smokey, beefy goodness with a little mustard. As I found out on wikipedia, montreal smoked meat is basically brisket, but it's different from pastrami in that more peppercorns and a lot less sugar are used. The craziest thing about this sandwich is that despite the overflowing, thick cuts of meat piled on your sandwich, it costs $6. six dollars?! Last time i checked, katz's pastrami sandwich was somewhere around $15. Even on a wet, snowy, December night, there was a line of about 10 people standing outside for their smoked meat fix. Now I understand why. Along with hockey, poutine, and vancouver dimsum, Canada should be damn proud of its montreal-style smoked meat.
4	this place is an institution...a must for tourist and locals!its also gross and the atmosphere is dull...but who the F cares, the smoked meat (corn beef for south of the border) is AWESOME!the line-up are for a reason...expect them, but they are fast!
5	I was on a day trip to Montreal, and searched Yelp for "best smoked meat sandwich". This place didn't disappoint. It was exactly what I expected, rye, meat and mustard, stacked thick, and dripping. I felt like I had stepped back in time, as I'm sure this place hasn't changed a bit in 50 years. Didn't have one, but saw some pickles that looked delicious... A must stop place when in Montreal.
4	Seeing a line outside a restaurant year round is usually a good sign, and in this case, it certainly is!A mound of lean, regular or fatty (artery clogging) served on seemingly tiny slices of bread with mustard, this smoked meat sandwich is to die for!  I would eat here regularly if it wouldn't plug my arteries.  The balance of flavors for the meat, mustard, and rye bread is great and will certainly fill you up!The wait can be daunting sometimes, but it's certainly worth giving it a try!
4	The medium cut smoked meat sandwich on rye is very good.  It tastes like an extra meaty and flavorful pastrami sandwich.  Unlike Katz's, you don't even need mustard or any other seasoning.  Needless to say, I brought back 2 pounds in sealed bags to bring home.  Portions are very generous and the prices are fantastic!  Just be warned that the line can get long.
5	Not just the best smoked meat. The ONLY smoked meat. Never change.People have been ordering smoked meat, medium, fries, pickle, and black cherry for  80 years for a reason. Don't order lean. You're having a smoked meat sandwich - who do you think you're fooling?
5	This is one of my favourite restaurants in all of Canada. They've been in the news lately with reports that the restaurant is for sale. If this is the case, I earnestly hope it remains in Canadian hands!Having said that, I can add that the cozy atmosphere and wonderful aroma of smoked meat only adds to the appetite. Enjoy a smoked meet sandwich with French fries a cherry Coke, and save your diet for tomorrow! Schwartz's is an experience not to be missed.
5	I was in Montreal on business and was told not to miss this place.  Well, I have to agree.  I ordered the smoked sandwich and a cherry coke and I was not disappointed.  Make sure you have cash, they don't accept credit or debit cards.
2	Honestly, I don't see all the buzz with Schwartz's ..it looks more like a tourist trap to me, queuing up for half an hour to get a sandwich the size of a poker card and being yelled at by an employee behind a counter is not what I would describe as an amazing culinary experience....I was there recently and dont plan to go again...so Celine Dion can have her smoked meat all for herself.Like I said, it is a tourist trap, the place where tourists go to eat but do not dare to say how crappy the food and the customer service is so they wont have to admit they were had...just a few steps away there is another place with smoked meat with much better customer service.And those who say that this is the best place in Canada are only revealing that this is probably the first time they have been in this country and have not been exposed to anything else...LOL
4	Every time that I have been to Montreal in the last six years, I have gone to Schwartz's.  More because of my husband's affliction for it: If we're in the city, he needs to go and get his fix. After all this time, I don't blame him.Everyone has their own way of ordering - and I don't judge (unless that way is 'lean'; that I don't understand.) You might want a cherry coke with your sandwich. You might eat your sandwich with a knife and a fork. And that's fine. (My order? A sandwich, fries to share, a pickle, cherry coke. The A1 steak sauce needs to be nearby, too.)I don't know if I would call this place 'the best restaurant in Canada' or 'the Katz's of Montreal', but it is terribly good smoked meat, in a style very different from New York delis (bagels and smoked meat - it's what sets New Yorkers and Montrealers apart). It's mouthwateringly delicious, served in a setting that requires that you get close to your neighbour (and I've had some great conversations as a result).The line appears daunting, but the guy manning the door knows what he's doing. Trust him. Trust the staff inside. Trust the smoker in the kitchen that has been churning out incredible sandwiches for the past 82 years.I just hope that Celine Dion doesn't mess it up when the sale is finalized.
5	For starters, make sure you're in the correct line, as there's one for dining-in and one for take out! We waited in line for about 30 minutes... Worth every minute!The meat was fantastic; taste was awesome and great texture, it almost melts in your mouth. They give generous portions, a stack of smoked meat that falls out of the bread when eating it.  Although this place is known for their meat, their fries are also brag-worthy!  We got pickles and a side of french fries, which, when coupled with the sandwich was phenomenal!! I was not a fan of smoked meat prior to this expereince however this gem of a restaurant has me sold! ABSOLUMENT!
5	Some of the freshest and most supple smoked meat I've ever had. Going to Schwartz's deli is most definitely an experience. This home style deli is known for its amazing meat and long line ups. If the main line is too long try the take out where you can still get the sandwiches, fries and pickles. It's a great alternative when it's cold! Also be sure to get the takeout meat to satisfy your cravings later
5	Almost laughably good. I first went here for a smoked meat sandwich and a noch and a cherry cola! Wooh! Right across the street from a dive bar as well, and Schwartz's stays open late so make it you after bar destination! This deli competes with the best in NY and Philadelphia, Schwartz's is much smaller then one would imagine for such a great reputation.
5	Do not, I repeat, do not, leave Montreal without having some Schwartz's. Simplicity reaches perfection at this place. I get the same thing every time I'm there, smoked meat sandwich, medium fat, with dill pickle and salade de choux (coleslaw) on the side with a coke.  Do expect a lineup outside.
5	a definite must when in Montreal.  Everyone that I spoke to about what to do in Montreal said that I could not leave town eating here.  The smoked meat was magnificent!  There was a line for tables outside but if you're doing take out you can walk right inside and order.  I did take away and to ensure that my sandwich wasn't going to be soggy so I decided on getting the meat and with bread and make my own sandwiches when it was time to eat.  Wow!  It was difficult to not dive into it while I was driving back to my hotel.  The pickles were crunchy with just the right saltiness.  This is an absolute must!
5	Long line-up, but well worth the wait!!! Best smoked meat sandwiches I have ever tasted!
4	So very goood!  The smoked meat sandwich, medium fat, w/ dill pickle was awesome.  I think the fattiest one would be even better.  The line was not tooo bad, despite the cold and the interesting people you'll see on that street.  Price-good.Food-amazing.Service-great.Wait-boooo!...but well worth the wait!
5	WOW.  LOVE!They are everything it's hyped up to be and then some.  It's not easy getting there but it was well worth the effort.  Luckily, we got there late afternoon and there was not a line.  When you order your sandwich, they'll ask if you want fat or lean.  Go with the fat, my friends and thank me later.  You'll be a fool to have the lean option.  We grabbed a seat at a table and our sandwiches came shortly.  The sandwich is regular size but the mountain of meat was overwhelming!   The meat was so tender and flavorful.  Honestly, I knew there was no way I can even finish half and I can eat!  Our waiter, George, an old timer there came over and threatened (teased) me that I will not be allowed to leave if I don't finish my sandwich.  He's so nice, just like a grandpa and just couldn't resist taking a pic with him - not to mention he has a great name!The price is so affordable.  If we must choose between Schwartz's or Kat's, it will be Schwartz's.
5	Alright, first 5-start review for a restaurant in Montreal.  Little hole in the wall with no character except for the attitude of the wait personel attending to orders.  Tried to order the chicken sandwich and received a friendly but insistent warning, "you can get that anywhere, don't order this."  So I stuck with the smoked meat sandwiches and man, I tell you, what a favor those guys did for me!  Amazing marbling in the ham (some would say all-out fat) marinated in something which gave great flavor.  Meat came out so amazing tender...at the end I contemplated shipping 10+ pounds back to the states but the cashier warned me it couldn't reach past the border.  Only in Canada.Highly recommend.
5	I've been to Montreal twice.  I've eaten here four times.  I proudly rock one of their t-shirts which I purchased after my first trip (and I never buy touristy paraphernalia).  Needless to say, I love this place and their sandwiches which I find reasonably priced compared to delis in NYC or Chicago.  The tables are communal so you'll most likely be sitting next to other tourists.  Side note, the first time I dined here, we sat next to three generations of Korean women (I am Korean):  a grandmother, mother, and daughter.  The server asked them "do you want your sandwich to be lean, medium, or fatty."  The Korean women who did not understand English well answered "uh, medium rare?"  I usually go medium or fatty.  Last time I went here, I went through the takeout line in the store next door (a way to avoid the lines for the main restaurant) and took that baby with me as I left Montreal.  I scarfed it down before I re-entered the U.S. as I didn't want to explain to the border agent that I was harboring smoked meat goodness from Canada.  I know it is not the sophisticated answer but the sandwiches here so far are my favorite thing that I've eaten in my two trips to Montreal.
5	Sandwhich, fries, a pickle to share and a black cherry cola. That's all you need to say!The best stuff in the city. If you are from out of town (and more-so if from NY City) - don't call our smoked meat pastrami! You'll end up with an earfull from the person next to you, or your waiter.
2	I had heard about Schwartz's on the travel channel. So when I knew I was going to Montreal I had to come here. When I think of smoked meats I get a little high and giddy with excitement. Well the line was out the door when I arrived, so I'm thinking I hit the jackpot. Finally inside and seated at the counter, pastrami's everywhere.I order the sandwich and get ready to sink my teeth into deliciousness. No such luck, below average pastrami and rye bread. The coleslaw was runny, and the meat really fatty. Guess I'm used to good smoked deli meats being from Los Angeles and eating at deli's most of my life. Immediately I'm disappointed but what the hell I'm in Montreal and it's beautiful outside. While I'm walking I see several other smoked meat restaurants and they all are empty. I go inside one called Slovenka and it smells heavenly. Don't get the draw of Schwartz's other then it was original and old.
3	Was in Montreal a few days and this was on our must list because of travel shows, such as Bourdain.  Everyone had the smoked beef, or #3.  We also had fries and cole slaw.  The sandwich is ok.  The meat is a little drier than pastrami you get in the states.  The sandwiches are definitely smaller, but also much cheaper (around only $6).  The rye bread doesn't have seeds.  The mustard is standard deli, not spicy.  The fries were soggy, but I think that's the style here.  The cole slaw is more like pickled cabbage.  The cherry soda was good.  The line was super long, but fast.  It was full of tourists, just like us.  The service is very good and attentive.  One really good benefit is that they accept USD and will exchange into Canadian $ for free.  So, if you pay with a $100 bill, you will get straight Canadian change w/o a transaction fee.  So, you can think of it as a free money exchange!I still think Langer's in Los Angeles is the best sandwich I've ever had.  It's pricey, but the meat is so juicy and thick cut.
5	I know Montreal smoked meat is just that - Montreal smoked meat, a thing of its own, so forgive me for trying to liken it to what I know, but for the sake of fellow Yelpers, I would say the meat tastes like a hybrid of bbq brisket and pastrami. You must try it with the black cherry soda; it pairs very well w/the sandwich. I think the medium fat option has plenty of marbled fat, so the fatty option might be too fatty for some.
3	Cool place but not sure why everyone is talking about this restaurant as if it was the best in montreal.Sure it has been there for years and all but to me it's only smoke meat maybe because i dont go crazy for smoke meat? I did not like the fact that someone that i dont know is sitting right next to me. I'm usually sociable but this guy was just smelly and i was eating so this is not a good mix. The place is really old school and no renovation was made recently... i mean tourist come to this place and it's not an image we want to project... What i dont understand is that celine dion husband rene has bought it for several millions. Not sure it's worth it. I dont get why people are afraid that he franchise it and make it become popular.If you love something you want it to grow and be successful no? It's not like you own the place or if it is because you are afraid that the quality will be lost well go to the original schwartz no? At least if they franchise it the lineup will definitely be shorter :) I'm sorry if this review has offended some of you but this is a review site no? :) Cheers ,Eric Van Nguyen
5	The best!!That says it all!!
5	The meat melts in your mouth and the pickles are huge, what more can a girl ask for?  If you don't like lines, or communal tables I suggest you head next door and get a sandwich or two 'to-go'.
3	my first impression of Schwartz's as i peaked through the window was this place is major old school, which makes plenty of sense since it's been in business since the early 20's. Seating is communal but there are seats at the counter. The menu is in French but the waiters speak English so don't worry about whipping out your pocket translator. i believe most people are there for one thing and one thing only which is their smoked meat. the smoked meat is similar in taste to corn beef. it's served on rye bread and with a touch of mustard. there's a good ratio of meat to bread. i was a bit worried there was going to be a huge tower of meat that i wasn't going to be able to finish. i also ordered a side of fries as it seemed like the thing to based on what other people were ordering. i feel a bit guilty but i sorta liked the fries more than the smoked meat. perhaps it was because good fries in the states is hard to come by or maybe smoked meat was not as good as i expected. i think it's fair to say it was a little of both. if you're a visitor like myself, i would recommend this place because it's cool to visit places that are rich in tradition.
3	Schwartz's Smoked Meat of course on our "To Eat" list for Montreal. We were so anxious, but unfortunately arriving at 8:30 AM was kind of early.... too early... no lines... and of course no Meat...11 AM Sunday arrived to a fully packed restaurant.. But luckily, I went and just hogged the last 3 seats at the counter...Now we talking business!Maybe of the high expectations.. I was not impressed with my Smoked Meat Sandwich Medium Fat ($6.15)... it definitely not tender or moist as expected...blame it on the lean meat?2nd order of Extra Fat was just a little better.. I am not convinced... this is decent but not good... and why am I eating a EXTRA FAT Smoked Meat Sandwich?! I thought I am on and on going diet!! And it was funny to see the reaction of the staffs when I placed my order!I secretly have to admit that Katz's in NYC is much better, but Schwartz's pricing definitely more down to earth!Should had skip the Salami Sandwich ($5.95) that was not worth your while!12:00 PM Sunday, the huge line of over 30 people by the time we finished!! Seriously, I don't think it is worth the wait in the cold for Schwartz's.. but I would have not know until I tried.. and I am not going to line up for that!
4	This is obv a tourist jaunt, but no matter. The smoked meat was really good.  Akin to Katz or Sarges or similar goodness in NYC Jewish delis. (I still prefer Katz - just had it the other day). What shocked me most was the price. Only $6 for a sandwich loaded with meat? That's about a third of the NYC prices. Wow. Me like. If u don't wanna wait in line 10 to 30 minutes, u can go next door to their takeout section and eat it standing up. One sandwich and half an order of fries should fill you up.
4	Good smoked meat sandwich. The medium is pretty lean for what I'm used to in a pastrami or smoked meat so i prefer the fatty. Must get it with a pickle! Nothing goes better with this mound of meat and mustard than a pickle. Best to go to earlier in the week for an early lunch to avoid the long line.
5	This is a Smoked Meat Mecca.  Whenever back in the ol' hometown, this is the one place I never miss.The first, the best, even though its owned by Celine Dion (I truly hope they dont mess this up like they did with Nickles).  I always bring back a few pounds to Calgary, and always will.I can go on about the meat, the taste, the legend, but I think the 300+ positive reviews and the ever present line ups at the door really says it all.Miss you Schwartz!  Be back soon!
5	Amazing, just go.
3	There was a much-awaited hype for trying this place since it was very well-known both on tour guides and yelp. The food was good but the service wasn't good at all. Maybe that's the norm for super-famous places and I got to get more used to it, but by any standards the guy who waited on me was apathetic and just pushed me to have the smoked meat sandwich when I clearly wanted to try not only the smoked meat but other stuff on the menu. Whether or not this is a must try is totally up to you, but don't expect to be greeted and waited with a smile.
4	This place was recommended on various online forum. We arrived there after noon and there was already a queue forming. Fortunately, the turnover was quick and we have our seats after about 15 mins. A new-comer would be slightly lost with how to order as the signboard display was simplified. My friend who has been here before ordered on our behalf for their famous smoked meat sandwich and coleslaw. The many posters on the walls served as interesting past-time while waiting for our order. The sandwich came with two small slices of soft bread but large portion of meat, which was tender and succulent enough but not too fatty. The coleslaw complemented it well. Though we did not feel pressurized to hurry through our eating, they offer take-away service too, which could make eating more leisurely and enjoyable. if have the chance, will return to try other items on the menu.
1	Forget the line up this place has gone down hill and the owners do not care.. the cost of spice is up and thus they have cut back sooo much that the taste is gone. The qulity of the beef is now tough. Told the owners and they just don't care.. as long as the line ups are long the taste will keep getting poorer. Wow I have been coming here for over 40 years and I have watched the food get poorer and poorer, now it is not even average any more
4	I had my first smoked meat experience in Brampton, Ontario. My colleague at the time said it was the best smoked meat in Ontario. I had no expectation since the only other thing I had that remotely resembled it was Arby's. When I had it, the meat was dry like the desert, and the mustard was over powering the flavour of the meat. So when Banana Girl wanted to try it at Schwartz, I was a little hesitant.As we were drenched in sweat while walking down the Saint Laurent Blvd during our holidays, we were looking left and right for this place. When we arrived, we immediately walked to a packed store filled with history. It looks like a very traditional meat shop. Employees were dressed in uniforms resembling the movie American Gangster. We sat down dumbfounded, and full of curiosity. We obviously knew we wanted smoked meat but didn't know if there was a selection. The nice waiter (who looked like he worked there for 40+ years) told us that the best was  1/2 and  1/2. (Lean and fat) When it came, it looked amazing.We didn't even attempt to use our utensils. We grabbed the sandwich and we were going for it. Smoked meat in general has a very strong flavor. I have done some homework on the technique of smoking, and understand that dehydration is a part of the process. I can't really explain why juices were coming down my hand. The mustard was a nice compliment to the sandwich itself. I just want to say, I will never have a Montreal Smoked Meat ever again, UNLESS I have the opportunity to visit Schwartz. I've been to the alpha, the mecca of this unique dish. I can`t imagine anything better. Since this is a very short interview, I might as well review the beverage we had. I had a coke to go with the sandwich, and as I opened the can and inserted a straw, I`ve noticed every other table ordered a cherry type of drink. I can`t leave without trying a can. Here we are kids, Cott Dark Cherry Soda. It taste like... Fruitips Black Currant candy. If you don`t know what that is, I can`t help you. The only place you can have this is at Schwartz and Montreal local grocery stores.Well, I am so glad I had an opportunity to visit Schwartz. NOTHING can replicate this place. It`s been around since 1928. Heck, there is even a musical based on it. If you are in Montreal and have any free time, this is one place you cannot miss.
4	I'm sure being the 353rd reviewer that all has been said that can be for this place. Just suffice it to say I have to stuff my face there once every visit to Montreal.  The smoked meat isn't even my favorite part - I really like their cole slaw.  Wish they prepared it this way in America.
4	We sat next to two older gentlemen who recounted the sundry smoked meat sandwiches they ate around the world.  They were just a bit more friendly than our welcoming waiter, who was an inviting version of a server you might meet at Peter Lugar.Sadly, we were informed that the restaurant was sold...to Celine Dion's husband.  True or false, get the smoked meat medium and then jump across the street for homemade ice cream.
4	i HATE Delis. I'm just not a fan. Even the ones that load up the meat just don't seem to taste good or are way too disproportionate to their bread. That being said...Schwartz's Deli is not like the others. Just to clarify, it is like every other deli I've been to, BUT it just tastes that much better. Period. Classic diner look that serves up hot and freshly sliced smoked meat. It smells incredible the entire time you're there. It's famous in Montreal and is featured on so many media outlets out there and for good reason. What I love about Schwartz's is the thickly cut slices of smoked beef with perfect seasoning and little edges of fat outlining the slices. It's juicy, hot, and has that perfect smokey taste and smell. There's so much meat, but not too much that it's not a sandwich anymore. The thick cut slices of rye bread form the best vessel for this meat as it can soak up the juices without sogging the bread. With a thin layer of mustard to complete the sandwich, you have yourself wondering why this place doesn't expand elsewhere. Some delis pride themselves on giving you so much meat, that you're pretty much using a knife and fork on a bunch of sliced meat.....No sir. Schwartz's makes sandwiches. And they do a damn good job of it.
5	It's everything I dreamed of and more.  Excellent tasting, delicious smoked meat piled high and steaming hot atop what seems to be bread made there (not 100%, didn't see any signs).  Sat at the counter and the guys were joking with customers in three or four different languages while I was there. Talk about great customer service.  I'll be going back at least a couple times more before I leave Montreal and am sure I'll be craving this place when I get back to Seattle.
2	I am sure this place is as great as everyone raves about, but when you're hungry and want a meal, like yesterday, a line out the door with several people giving you the hairy eyeball while waiting in line just won't cut it!   :-(  Gheeesh!  We weren't trying to line jump, just wondering where the line ended??  No smoked meats for us! Hopefully, we will get a chance to try this out while we are in town this week.
2	It seems funny to me how the best reviews on this restaurants are all from people NOT from Montreal...  I'm not saying its not good smoked meat. But seriously, unless you are a masochist and enjoy long waits and rude service, go somewhere else. Its not good enough to go through the ordeal of getting your food and getting kicked out almost before you are even finished. This is a tourist trap if I've ever seen one.
5	The mere act of looking up Schwartz's on Yelp has got me salivating for their signature smoked meat sandwich. Oh man, I am DYING over here in NYC! That's really saying something because I used to HATE smoked meat, and let me tell you a secret: when my friend insisted we visit Schwartz's, I groaned inwardly and thought, come on, I don't want to go to a damn deli on my vacation! Well, damn deli is right- damn delicious! Thanks Nga, for being such a foodie genius!Upon seeing how crowded it was on our arrival, we decided to take our sandwiches to go and sit on a nearby bench. While prying open the wax paper used to wrap my sandwich, I nervously noticed a ton of meat (slathered with mustard) packed between two ordinary slices of bread, and wondered, how am I going to finish this sandwich monster especially since I know I'm not going to like it? I sneaked a peek at my friend and remembered what my well-mannered mom always told me: never ever, complain about food to your host/hostess and finish your plate. This wasn't a dinner I was invited to, I know, but hey, politeness is politeness so I took a big bite, and at that moment I was instantly reborn. I shamelessly used a plastic fork to continue eating the sandwich since I didn't want any pieces of meat to fall on the floor wasted.I will never think the same way about smoked meat again, and I'm thinking of visiting Katz's here in NYC to see how their meat stacks up against Schwartz's. And to think, if I had traveled on my own, I wouldn't have bothered to stop by, so my stumbling upon Schwartz's and discovering a new love for smoked meat was meant to be by the Montreal gods!
1	Racist and rude staff. The staff here are rude and arrogant. I politely asked waiter if there's any table as the place was empty at that time. He said read the sign and made a racist comments. I have dined over the world from street food in Japan and Madrid to 3 star Michelin restaurants in Paris and NYC. Schwartz's is the place I would remember as I got the worst treatment in any restaurant establishment in my life.
2	Overhyped and not very good.  I'm probably just one the folks who just don't "get it".  There was nothing in the sandwich to make me think, wow, this is the best damn sandwich ever, and i'm gonna get my friends to come here.  If it wasn't an old establishment, I don't think folks would be giving his place a pass like they are.  Seriously, it's not that good.
2	Most overrated Smoke meat restaurant I've ever tried. I've gone there a few time over the years simply from travelers asking to try it and, at best it's good, never great. Besides there's the Main restaurant right across the street that has the best smoke meet I've ever tried and the poutine rocks too.
5	I am not even going to elaborate. You don't need my stinkin review. Just go here, try to snatch up a table and order your smoked meat medium, fries, pickle and cole slaw. You will NOT be disappointed.
4	We all need a slump buster every so often and something to break one out of a rut. For me, there are not many things that get me more excited than talking about meat. To end my dry spell, I could think of no place better to write about than Schwartz's.On a recent trip to Montreal this spring, Schwartz's was the place that I made sure to stop by.  Founded in 1928, Schwartz's is a Montreal institution and is best known for their beloved smoked meat or viande fumee as the locals call it.  Whatever you call it, smoked meat is just plain delicious.  Unlike pastrami which has a distinct sweeter taste, smoked meat is brisket cured heavily with spices such as cracked peppercorns and coriander.  For me fat equals flavor, so I selected my smoked meat served medium which was the perfect combination of lean & fat cut from the middle of the brisket.  Served between 2 slices of rye bread slathered with mustard, this was the perfect late breakfast on a cold Montreal morning.  If you plan to visit Schwartz's, keep in mind that this is a small place & does get very crowded with both locals and tourists alike. Unless you plan on taking a taxi here, Schwartz's is also about a 5-10 minute walk from the Sherbrooke Metro station.  Another interesting fact about Schwartz's is that they were recently purchased by a group that includes singer Celine Dion.  Being an old school eatery, I really do hope that they do not change anything as this is truly part of the Montreal experience and was one of the culinary highlights of my trip.
1	Absolutely terrible. All hype, no delivery. Meat was dry and bland, service was rude, don't know why people would wait over an hour for a sandwich that deserves zero recognition. AVOID - and thank me later
5	Luckily we only had to experience a 10 min wait on a grand prix weekend!  Could only come up with that it was so nice out no one wanted to be inside, which I was very appreciative for.  To be honest i like to call them suckas!They accompanied a party of 6 with no hassles or sighs!  Staff was super friendly n helpful for us non locals.  Food is basically a review on the MEAT!  The smoked meat, which i feel needs to be ordered "medium".  It provides the perfect amount of fat, moisturizing and flavoring the meat perfectly!   Killed my first Sammy, I had to get a 2nd one. Basically had to look like I was prego for 12 hours but it was 126.83% worth it. Besides that the fries were good n my friends said the pickles were outstanding.  Im not a fan of them but if i do make any recommendations from what women say they do like my pickle!  ;-)
5	I first went to Schwartz's in August 2001. Walked right in a little after 1:00 pm on a weekday, sat down with no wait, order was in promptly, food came soon afterward, and had an amazing smoked meat sandwich with a black cherry soda and fries.  Pure heaven.I returned in June 2012. Walked right in at a quarter to noon on a weekday, sat down with no wait, gave my order, food came soon afterwards: smoked meat sandwich with a black cheery soda and fries. Phenomenal.  I heard Celine Dion bought the place from the original owners.  She better not mess up a good thing or so help me I will go Liam Neeson in "Taken" on her!  Except without the Krav Maga, because I'm never gonna learn that...
5	Last time I went to Schwartz I was 13 years old.  Its been almost 20 years and its still awesome.  The all you can eat side was just too busy, so went to the take out side (go this route if your not going to eat 2-3).  The line up was super fast and there's still a few tables to sit at in the back.I'm sure I don't need to tell you, if your in Montreal MAKE THIS A STOP.  The meat is simply mouth watering and falls apart when you eat it!Ate smoked meat at a couple other stops and it just wasn't as good or even close to the same.
5	I dream about Schwartz's.....it's that good!!!The first thing I wanted to eat after I stepped off my 8 hour flight from California was a "fatty" smoked meat sandwich and I don't care how long the line was I'd stand in it.  Every single bite is so mouth watering as the meat simply falls apart and the flavors are extraordinary!!  You have your choice of the "lean" meat which still has a little bit of fat still but what's the point?  You need to go all out here fatty all the way. Don't forget to order some fries, a cherry coke, and some pickles to complete the meal.  The last time I had Schwartz's was probably a little over ten years ago but I can still remember it vividly.Thank you Schwartz's for making my trip to Montreal complete!!  Je t'aime!!
5	There was a long line at 10 pm. Definitely worth the wait. I ordered the smoke meat. The first bite was so heavenly. Smoked chicken and coleslaw were quite unique. It was fun to talk to the servers and locals about Montreal and the food. Overall, This is quite good!
4	A friend from Montreal suggested I come here: I enjoy checking out local favs, and he highly suggested this one.Got to the spot around 10:30PM: the storefront is old school and we could see the line for take out through the glass door (note, I did do take out so I have no idea what the waitstaff service is actually like, but the place is tiny and there was an old guy who was very informal both directing take out line traffic/in house dinning traffic while serving food). Very casual place with 1930's decor (pretty sure 90% of the interior has never been updated). For those of you who have been to Katz's in NY, very similar look and feel, just a lot smaller (also smells phenomenal, just as Katz's does).You order your food at the counter and then turn around and walk 10 steps to pay the cashier (very inefficient, but I am sure they wanted to keep the feature from back in the day). The guy who takes orders isn't very helpful (no suggestions when you ask him what's good; seemed sort of annoyed that tourists impeded on his local spot area), but I ended up playing it safe and ordering the smoked meat sandwich. While I was waiting for my food, I was a bit worried that the meat wouldn't live up to my expectations: as soon as I walked in, I thought to compare the place to Katz's, so when I saw the meat slicer (Katz's only hand cuts their meat bc its so tender that it would fall apart in the meat slicer), I started to doubt.No need! For a $7/$8 sandwich, I thought this was great value; not the largest pastrami I ever had, but the taste was great (meat, rye bread, a little bit of mustard). The thing may not be oozing with juice, but the meat is moist and flavorful just the same. Each bite was delicious, with a little bit of variety (whether you get the peppery skin or the moist, center pieces with a tad of mustard).Overall, great experience, and a place I would suggest people who visit Montreal to go.
5	Now this is the definition of a  smoked meat/ pastrami sandwich. I have a tendency to be a harsh reviewer when it comes to these types of meats because I've sampled very good pastrami/ smoked meat in NYC. When I saw this place on television and heard from my friends about the place while researching in Montreal, I became excited to see what the hype was all about. Little education for novices--smoked meat is akin to the combination of pastrami and corned beef--having the rich fatty, peppered skin of pastrami, but the lean, tender texture of corned beef.Somebody call my momma-- I was NOT disappointed at all. I encountered a long line when I strolled up to the restaurant but was not deterred.This was the best food I had during my Montreal experience. The sandwich comes in three different options--lean, fatty, and medium (which is a combination of the two). I ordered a smoked meat sandwich, double fried french fries, and a 1/2 sour pickle. This was awesome and satisfied the smoked meat fix that I developed after hearing about this place--fatty and lean, one bite melting the fat in your mouth. The fries were amazing as was the pickle. Wash it all down with a cherry coke ladies and gentleman-- its the perfect compliment to this meal.I went back after and tries a lean sandwich for comparison and must say that the medium is definitely the way to go.Here's a good hint--if you want to avoid the long lines, then come an hour before closing time. You will be served immediately BUT risk not receiving a fresher piece of smoked meat.Good operation you guys have up there North at Schwartz's my friends. Keep it up! You live up to the hype and are comparable (and dare I say better?) than the NYC sandwich institutes of Carnegie Deli and Katz's Deli.
4	Great smoked meat on rye and mustard!  So good, bought some to take back home.
5	The brisket is usually (and if you're a purist always) highlighted by a squirt of straight up yellow mustard. The subdued sting and jowl seizing bite of mustard contrasts the saltiness of the meat. The juiciness of the beef is pretty much consistent throughout each piece, and this is due to the brining, then the steaming of the meat. Some may argue that the retention of moisture is the attributed to phosphates used in the brining, however, Schwartz's boasts an all natural-non-chemical brining process. To be honest, they could marinade in a stew made of old gym socks, and I'll probably still glob some mustard on it and slap it on rye.It kind of goes without saying that Schwartz's roots run very deep in Montreal, being opened over 80 years, Schwartz's has had celebrities of all kinds pass through their doors as well as had a musical written about them. The old timers behind the counter are just that, "old timers", take-no-shit-you-better-know-what-you-want-to-eat-dont-ask-me-for-suggestions. Make sure you don't ask for mayo, rumour is that you'll be banned for two years and no smoked meat for you.
5	I don't even particularly like smoked meats, but I ate every bite of my sandwich here. I'm from NYC, and I think this sandwich is even better than Katz's Deli's pastrami (please don't send me hate mail.) I like that it's a large meat:bread ratio. We didn't get the fries (is it just me or are Canadian style fries oily and soft and kind of gross?) but we tried both types of coleslaw (vinegary and creamy) which were a good way to cut through all the salty meatiness of the sandwich. Wash it all down with a black cherry soda pop. :) Highly recommend, despite the long lines! (tip: you can buy it from the take out counter and sit at one of the tables in the back).
3	The line outside the door was looong...but gladly the turnover was rather quick, so it didn't take us too long to be seated...but they do require everyone to be present to sit you! so make sure your whole party is there instead of wandering around checking out the area....it took sometimes to get used to and warm up to the sarcasm of the server, they are rather friendly once you get used to it! LOL...the smoked meat was really tasty! Order the medium one! We tried the medium and the lean.....fat content does make a different! LOL...but i am not sure if it worth the wait...The black cherry coke went really well with the meat!
2	I'm was a Montrealer for 40 years, and I'm now an American.  I hadn't had smoked meat in about 10 years.  I was visiting Montreal for work, and on consecutive days I ate at Lester's (first) and at Schwartz's the very next day.  I'm sorry to say I have to "profane the sacred name": Schwartz's sucks.Lester's meat was moist, correctly and adequately spiced and smoke flavor was low, but it was there.  Schwartz's meat was of lower quality, inadequately spiced to the point of blandness, and even though I ordered a medium, was very fat.  I tasted no smoke flavor at all.  It was really second rate smoked meat.Schwartz's sour pickle was very good though, I must say.  (I didn't have a pickle at Lester's.)Lester's was not at all crowded and service was very good.  Schwartz's service was also very good, but it was crowded and as usual I had to share the table I was at.  I didn't mind sharing, because I like talking to people.  (But I talked to people in Lester's too, without being crowded.)Schwartz's looks like it caters to tourists and ex-Montrealers and anyone that doesn't know better.  Schwartz's has history, but not quality.  I'll be visiting Montreal again in a month and I'll go to Lester's, but not Schwartz's.
2	Mediocre service and equally unremarkable sandwich.
4	It was the first time my wife and I visited Montreal and we heard that we had to hit Schwartz's Deli. It was a hot and humid day in the city and I just walked up a good sized hill, so I was a sweaty mess. We figured the place with about 10 people waiting outside the door was our place.We got in and I was surprised at how small it was. There were about 40 seats and the table next to you is about a foot and a half away. I could tell the 2 15 year old girls next to me were not happy too happy to have a 220 pound mess eating next to them. Believe me, I wasn't happy either. I should have taken the metro.I ordered the lean smoked beef, it looks a lot like a corn beef sandwich that comes on Rye bread with a little bit of mustard. My wife got half a loaf of bread and was very happy. It was actually quite a lot of food for her. I would have liked a little more mustard, which I added about halfway through.The sandwich wasn't overwhelmingly large like Katz', it was actually lunch sandwich size, maybe a little large.Also, it was only 7 bucks. Perfect amount for what you got. Very fair. Plus they took American money. Happy time!I should have got the medium fat, because the lean as super lean, if I would come here more than once I would have lean, but  I would have liked  a little more flavor.Our waiter was awesome, got us in and out of there, refilled the water often. Overall, a great first lunch in Montreal!
5	There are certain defining moments in life that we use to judge other physical experiences on this earth. With regards to my culinary experiences Schwartz's is that defining moment. I have never eaten a deli sandwich up to this day without comparing it to Schwartz's. There is no such thing as perfection, that is only for the God's, but this comes dangerously close.
5	A visit to Montreal is not complete without having a smoked meat sandwich.  During my recent visit I took a public transit bus all the way to Schwartz's one evening just to enjoy one of their legendary smoked  deli sandwiches.  It was almost midnight when I arrived so it wasn't too busy. The line ups had died down but the place was still in full swing taking care of the late nite crowd.  We were seated quickly and introduced to our waiter, who like the other waiters and staff here probably had 20 years of seniority .  They are no-nonsense waiters.  Order your food and don't ask for BBQ sauce.  You can definitely say there is old world charm here because it doesn't look like they have done any updating over  the years. But who cares, it only adds to the ambiance and actually gives the place more charm.The menu extends beyond the smoked meat but it looks like everybody orders the same thing, Why would you want anything else? Of course we each had the legendary smoked meat sandwich on rye, a plate of fries, pickles and a bottle of cream soda.  The meat is very moist.  When you bite into a piece that has more fat, you really enjoy the juiciness and flavor of the brining. The hand-sliced meat stacked on rye bread with a squirt of mustard is heaven for a carnivore like me.
4	A disclosure is in order - it is probably impossible to get me to admit that a Jewish deli anywhere could measure up to the exacting standards set by the iconic establishments in New York. That said, a trip to Schwartz's was an unexpectedly pleasant experience. Granted their "smoked meat" is not exactly pastrami, but it was excellent - flavorful, succulent, and tender. On top of it, the pickles were fine and the coleslaw (I selected the one effectively without dressing) was fresh and tasty. So, when in Montreal, by all means give this place a go - it's a fine establishment. You can certainly get a nice deli sandwich in this town. Montreal-style bagels, however, are a completely different story...
3	This is a review of the food that I got, and a bit of the service I saw when I walked in to see what was taking so long. My friends raved about this place, and I can understand why from the food that we got. We got a smoked meat, extra fatty. It was very good, but I'm sure my heart attack is not too far behind. Anyways, my biggest gripe was when I walked in for a minute, and this might be my own perception, but the fat guy with glasses who worked there seemed like he was a total dick. He said thank you to my friends, but while he said it, he tapped the tip plate. I wasn't too sure what I had walked into, but I wanted to keep an open mind about the situation. The place looked like a regular small diner with a butcher located near the front. This same fat guy with glasses looked outside and snarled his face towards my direction when we left (mind you, we left a tip after his words and actions), but I'm not too sure if he did so for his disgust at us (because we're Americans?) or because it was raining heavily. From what my friends told me, my observations about this fat guy being a dick were correct, but they are not from my own experiences, so my perceived perception with a grain of salt. Sandwich is very tasty, though very greasy.
2	I was really stoked about Schwartz's due to the great comments I'd heard about it, so I was really disappointed.  When my wife and I walked in, I was surprised to find a dingy little hole in the wall with some serious hygiene issues.  The floor looked like it hadn't been mopped, the tables and walls looked dirty, and our seat next to the rear door gave us a glimpse into a backroom that might as well have had a big sign that says, "RATS AND ROACHES - WELCOME!"  Our waiter did his best impression of a gestapo when taking our order by refusing to smile, make eye contact, or even make any conversation whatsoever beyond, "Yeah, so what do you want??"There are some great restaurants on Montreal.  This is not one of them.  Don't believe the hype.  The smoked meat is pretty good, but I don't think it was worth spending an appetite there if you're visiting from out of town.  They need to hire some friendly people, and they need to clean the place up.  Yeah, it's nostalgic.  Keeping it vintage cool, I get it.  Guess what...vintage cool doesn't mean you treat customers like crap and let your restaurant turn into a bathroom mop head.  Clean it up.  You have potential, but you have to deliver the whole package, not just a mediocre sandwich.
5	As a fan of Montreal's smoked meat, I had yet to make a visit to mecca - Schwartz's. On this trip, I made it a goal and wow was it worth it. Other than touch-screens to generate your bill, it looks as though little has changed since 1928. Very retro-cool in the hipster rue Sherbrooke neighborhood.But the proof is in the food. I arrived a bit early for lunch, so I got a seat right at the counter. My sandwich arrived quickly and was delicious. Rye bread, a PILE of smoked meat and just a little mustard. Yum! Fries were done just right.Watching the staff move about a gazillion pounds of brisket. These guys are pros. Quick and efficient.If you've tried Montreal's smoked meat, but not Schwartz's -- get on it! Totally worth the trip. One warning -- it's cash-only!
3	It's a real good smoked meat. The hurry up and get out part is what irks me. That and the tourist line up on the weekends.
5	This was my first time in Montreal.  I had seen Schwartz featured on the tv show "Family Jewels" with Gene Simmons.  If you are a real foody you will love this place.  It is not for everyone due to its old school deli atmosphere.  I will repeat the next time I get to Montreal.
5	This place is always packed sun, rain or snow, and rightly so, it's worth the wait and the trip to Montreal if you don't live there. If you are going to order, you have to get the Fatty as the juices from the fat add an explosion of flavor in your mouth. I'm not even a fan of New York Style Reuben deli sandwiches but this is not a NY Deli sandwich, it's in a league of it's own.
3	Lemme start off with I love meat.  I love hot juicy smoked meat.  And therefore, I had to have Schwartz here in Montreal.  Is it the best sandwich ever?  Nope, but for smoked meat, it's pretty good for what it is.  There's a good flavor but its not on the same level as Katz Deli, which I'm holding up high.  But I got the sandwich and some pickles and side of fries which easily made for a satisfying meal.  The lines however, are ridiculous.  My friends and I (a party of 15 with a losing chance of ever getting seated) decided to go to the sandwich only place next door to fulfill ourselves in the smoky meat goodness.
4	Don't come here for ambiance, just come for the meat. There aren't a lot of choices on the menu so be prepared to have a smoked meat sandwich.  The taste of everything was great but I found the meat a bit dry.  The cole slaw was great as were the pickles; you need them to cut the dryness of the sandwich.  In the end, I'd prefer the NYC equivalent but I was glad I made it to Schwartz's; it was worth the wait in the sun.
5	I'll keep my review short because its been covered forever and a day..I have two words to describe this place...Life Changing...
5	Mind annnnnnnd stomach blowing! The smoked meat sandwich is the best ice ever had. Just like everyone else has stated... Medium, and a cherry coke are the thing to order.
4	Super tasty smoked meat sandwiches & PICKLES (Yes that needs to be all capslock).Standing in line is less fun but it goes pretty swift & the service is great.You have to go here when you visit Montreal, you can't say you've been to Montreal if you haven't gone to Schwartz's...it's essential. If you live here: congrats on being able to eat tasty smoked meat ALL THE TIME.
4	A good analogy is that this place is the Katz deli of Montreal. A friend recommended the smoked meats in Montreal, so naturally I had to try the most famous one.  Like others have said, I would wait in the take out line which should cut your wait from 1-2 hours to half an hour.  Of course we ordered the smoked meat sandwich with fries and pickles. The sandwich is packed with their fatty delicious meat and a little mustard with rye bread. It's similar to a pastrami but the meat is thicker. Pickles were pretty yummy, sour and tart with a hint of spice. Fries were decent. I would recommend this to any out of towner, it is worth the wait. Not the best Sammy I've had but still a darn good one.
3	I realize this place is super popular, but honestly, I just wasn't THAT impressed.As recommended by Foodology.ca, we took ours to go when we visited this place one Saturday afternoon. We dropped by around 3PM, so it was surprising that the line up was still pretty long. We ordered the regular smoked meat and some soda drinks. The service for the take out counter was efficient and prompt. The sandwich was one big, meaty affair. Just looking at it, I was prepared to be blown away. The actual result wasn't as epic though. The meat was super tasty, and I can see why this place is famous. But the bread was a little dry and the meal was too salty for my taste buds. Even for a meat-loving dude, I thought that the sandwich had too much meat and not enough anything else. The sandwich's flavour was too one note.  Perhaps I just expected too much?I'm not super impressed, but I would recommend this place for tourists just to see what the buzz is all about.
5	Smoked beef, smoked beef, smoked beef.Awesome smoked beef (recommend either fatty or medium cut, otherwise it's a little dry).  Different from the pastrami from Katz's but on par in terms of quality.  I prefered the platter over sandwich because it means more meat.  Also, pickles are awesome.  This is a place you must try if you are visiting Montreal.  Cash only and you may have to wait in line outside but it's worth it.
3	Good, but not by NYC standards. Good on its own. Nothing fancy, cash only. Average for deli service. There are more exciting restaurants in the neighborhood unless you are craving Jewish deli.
5	Super good!! Heard so much good reviews that this was a must try spot for me! Luckily we friends and i planned it so we can have it for brunch/early lunch to avoid the long wait! We arrived around10:45ish, lots of open seating. My friend and i ordered the smoke brisket fat style! My other friends ordered the lean meat last time and said it was super dry, so make sure you order the fatty one! The meat was so tender and a bit juicy!  Mellt in your outh status! As for the sides we ordered the spicy peppers and cole slaw! Both good! Enjoy  ^_^
4	The wait is ridiculous....I have no patience...and it's just a sandwich...I'm not waiting more than an hour....so low and behold- next door is take out! You get to wait there too...but much faster. Meats are delicious. You MUST go here when you visit Montreal...every time :)
5	The staff were friendly, helpful and with a good sense of humor. There was short wait outside to get in for our Monday lunch.  The place is pack for good reason. You must try this place if you are visiting Montreal. The fatty smoked corned beef is awesome, perfectly seasoned. Never had it so good. The ambiance is basic. Why wouldn't be? It's a deli. Just a great feel to it.There was not much to not like about this place. My only dislike is, they are in Montreal and I live in North Vancouver.
4	Founded in 1928 and proudly displaying both this fact and their myriad awards throughout the premises much like Katz's in New York the space at Schwarz's was small at cramped at the entryway but with ample seating in back and almost immediately on entering we were greeted in verbose French by the man at the counter who quickly transitioned to English when he registered our blank looks.  With the menu larger than anticipated but the object of our desire displayed prominently the order was placed and asking if we preferred "fatty" or "medium" I suggested he give us whatever was better and he said "medium" before turning to a younger man who prepped and wrapped the sandwich, grabbed a can of Canada Dry, and bagged it for us to pay another young man at the door - the whole interaction took perhaps five minutes before we emerged on the street.Moving on to the sandwich - three quarters of a pound at least, if I were to guess - I have a little bit of trouble describing exactly what I ate because I really have no reference standard, but with a touch of mustard largely avoided and sampling both the brisket on its own and with the rye bread I have to say it was actually quite good - a supple mouth feel with big notes of smoke complimented by what I believe was mostly peppercorn and coriander plus a slight sweetness that worked nicely with the rye.  While certainly not something I'd crave on a daily basis definitely a worthy place to check out - particularly as the remaining sandwich and a few bagels from down the street served a more than ample dinner costing less than $10 for my mother and aunt.
5	There are reviews I make where I'm incredulous over how people can rate something over one star, and then there are restaurants where my mind boggles over how anyone could not give them five.  Schwartz's is thankfully the latter.I'm going into snob mode for this, in order to compel those who are on the fence about whether they should come here or not, to do so.  You absolutely must, since this is one culinary experience I think everyone should have before they die.First off, if you're going to fret about calories or healthiness, don't bother reading beyond this point, and don't bother eating here.Second, know that the meat here is so good, all other regular restaurant rating criteria considerations are rescinded.  Do not let the lack of fancy decor, the occasionally less than personal (but often awesome, and never rude) service, the long line-ups, or the cramped, shared tables prevent you from eating here.So, what you should do:- If you haven't had anything here before, get the smoked meat (bread - optional, fries - optional, black cherry or diet black cherry cola or beverage of choice - optional, it won't matter what you have with this, anything good winds up complementing the meat, anything bad throws it's awesomeness further into relief).- Order it only one of the following ways:  medium-fatty, fatty, or, as I usually request, super-extra-fatty (i.e. give me a bit of meat with my fat!).  Do not let health concerns get in the way of this, do not let peer pressure or shame get in the way of this, do not let armed killer robots get in the way of this.  The fat literally melts in your mouth.  You WILL have the tastiest liquid fat known to man dripping into the bread, onto your hands, down your chin, into your shirt...- Bring cash, and come on off hours, in the middle of the afternoon or as soon as they open, lest you die as the heavenly smell fills you to bursting while you wait in the interminable line.  Don't bring weapons, because you'll use them, and then you'll go to prison, and the only way you'll be able to eat here again is to sell your body to someone to smuggle it in for you.- By all means, get take-out if you don't want to eat there (again, where you eat it does not make any difference, in the restaurant, at home, in the street, meandering through rush hour traffic), but if you do, order it from the restaurant proper, not the special "Take-out" side next door, it's not going to be the same unless you take it home and plunk it into a professional steamer for six hours.- When weighing this review against others, note that anyone who hasn't given Schwartz's five stars invariably doesn't know how to spell - how much can you trust someone who is so stupid they either don't realize they're doing anything wrong, or they do and don't know how to run something through a grammar/spell-checker?  I poop on them and their lack of any semblance of taste, as should you.- If you don't live near, do feel free to buy entire briskets to bring home with you, and invest in a large professional steamer so you can enjoy the meat as it was intended to be eaten.Best.  Smoked.  Meat.  Ever.
3	The line was long but there are 2 lines to choose from:  Take out or dine-in with 2 different entries.  After 30 minutes of waiting we got our hot smoke meat sandwiches.  It was good but not great. There are part of the meat that is extremely lean (dry).  The fatty part and outside was very nice.  The dry rub used was very good but did not mask the dryness.
5	Medium fat smoked meat on rye!
5	We heard of Schwartz's deli from friends, neighbors, strangers, magazines, blogs, etc. So when we decided to make a trip to Montreal for the Labor Day weekend, this place was Number One on our list to try. We also knew that this place gets busy quickly and it's like Katz Deli in New York City; line around the corner at 10 AM. We got up early on Sunday and made our way to Saint Laurent and low and behold, there was a line at Schwartz's at 10:30 in the morning. We were starved and thankfully we looked over and saw that they had a to go/take out store section. We got a sandwich to go and ate it outside since the weather was beautiful. Needless to say, it was sooooooo good that we actually bought another one, made our trek down to Old Montreal and ate the second sandwich down there. On to the sandwich; it was even better than I thought it was going to be. The meat was perfectly seasoned, smoked, very juicy and flavorful. I could not even speak I enjoyed it that much. There is a lot more meat then bread (see picture) It's like the bread is just a garnishment. They also put just the right amount of their signature mustard on the bread. It was so perfectly delicious. I highly recommend the stop here and the wait is worth the wait. Lastly, the price is right. Less than $7 bucks for a sandwich this good and stacked is worth it.
5	Amazing! I heard about this place through my AFAR network so I decided to get sandwiches here to go for the outdoor film screening. The place itself is tiny and it's one of the few places in Montreal that I saw had people lining up outside. The smoked meat looked phenomenal as I watched them carve those babies! And they smelled so good I almost felt bad eating them around so many people. The meat is tender and absolutely full of flavor. They smoke it for hours after all. It's the best smoked meat sandwich I've ever had and just writing this makes me salivate over the thought. This is a must-stop for anyone visiting Montreal!
5	I've happened upon an optimal time for Schwartz's: raining, 11pm Friday evening. I was in & out in 5 minutes with my soon-to-be translucent paper bag of hot smoked meat.The bread in this sam'mich is clearly just a juicy beef delivery device, measuring less than a centimeter in height, just dense enough to provide some grip on the succulent slabs of protein as you direct it into your face.Staff was courteous, attentive, and spoke perfect English.  The young man behind the counter took the time in between orders to ask the lovely ladies at the closest table how they were liking their choice.Quick ordering process run-down: you order at the sandwich counter right inside the door, you get a receipt, spin 210 degrees counter-clockwise, pay the man at the till, then take a new paid receipt back to the sandwich counter and receive your sandwich after it's hand cut and assembled with some mustard.First experience: great.  I'll be back the next time I notice the stars have aligned and there's not 30 people outside waiting for their beef injection.
2	Land mark
2	While visiting Montreal we had an opportunity to experience the much raved about smoked meat sandwich here, more akin to corned beef than pastrami and not even close to the product sold at Katz's  in New York. We ordered the medium fat version , which was dry , so maybe the fattier version would be better, but beyond that it wasn't particularly flavorful or smoky. Everything is ala carte,  no pickles on the table.  But the prices are very reasonable . We had a half sour and cole slaw, a sweet vinegar type which was excellent and good French fries, even though I am not a fan generally. The line on a Tuesday night was not that long and we only waited a few minutes at around 7 pm they weren't busy. Mile End in NY is a better take on this style of deli. It was a sad day for us , and I hate to write this negative review our  expectations were really destroyed as we love deli. Also cash only too.
5	I got there at 1150amNo line up but when I left there was a big line up 1230Again, friendly staff very straight fw, niceSpace is VERY tightYes, the smoked meat served on rye was deliciousI got the fatty option vs the medium optionIn the fatty option, they will add fatty bits on the sandwichThe rye bread is so fresh and fluffy, it.s greatI had the sour pickle and fries and they recommend a cherry cokeWhich is better than coca colas cherry coke just because it (probably had more sugar and artificial cherry) flavorService is very fast...cash only!
5	best smoke meat.... end of story!
5	Never mind best in Montreal, this is the best in the country! Get a hot smoked meat sandwich with a Karnatzel on the side. Worth the wait of there is a huge lineup out the door, but open late too so swing by after a night on the town.
3	This is what makes a trip to montreal complete.  They have their staple of smoked meats on a platter, sandwich etc.  and ask for fatty cuts if u like that.  No frills environ.  Service is quick and you come in for the smoked meat and you leave content.
5	We were in Montreal and the hubs wanted to try the famous Schwartz's. The line was out the door, but we waited about 30 minutes before getting a seat. I left my vegetarian diet outside and tried a bite. It was really an awesome sandwich. Definitely worth the wait.
4	Ate here for the first time after learning it was one of Montreal's landmarks. We were very happy and surprised by the quality, quantity, and price of the tasty meats. The line up was non-existent, surprisingly, as we expected to wait a while from other reviews.We had the turkey and the smoked meat. The turkey was good, but not the best that I have had. Luckily there was mustard on the table for added flavour. The portion size, however, was huge and awesome. Lots of fun to eat.The smoked meat was amazingly seasoned and very tasty. Definitely recommend having that. We also had the coleslaw which was a little liquidy, but refreshing. The pickle was big and shareable. Always good with a nice deli sandwich. Kudos to the staff who were funny, welcoming, and entertaining. They also gave us a tip that Celine Dion (who actually is the owner of Schwarz's) was coming in to the restaurant and we actually got to meet her. Totally made the restaurant experience a million times better! They apparently get a lot of celebrities coming to eat there too. So you might get lucky!
4	A certain person insisted we come here despite the touristyness and the fact that, living in NY, I feel we can have all manner of great Jewish deli meat anytime.  I hate to admit it, but Schwartz's very-hyped smoked meat* sandwich was delicious. Juicy and never tough, just the right amount of fat speckled with beautiful cracked peppercorns... $6 is actually mighty reasonable for this sandwich, compact but mounded like a pyramid. This was definitely a tourist destination that DELIVERED. (not literally)*FYI: "Smoked meat" is simply Montrealers' term for pastrami, but there was nothing pastrami-like about it. It was corned beef through and through! Which is a good thing since I looooove corned beef and usually find pastrami just a bit too salty/dry. (Pastrami is corned beef that has been smoked.)Just a few notes on the touristyness: We waddled into the restaurant shortly past noon. Every single one of the tightly packed tables was full. A waiter was cycling through languages at his table: "English? Francais? Espanol?" We were told that to order to-go, you go to the shop next door. I couldn't wait to get out of there.The shop next door is MUCH quieter, AND it has seating! Why were people in the restaurant at all??? We got our food in under a minute, ate it in peace in the mostly-empty sunny windowed cafe space toward the back, and even had the leisure to gaze at their prepared food items - meat, slaw, souvenir-y items...When we left, there appeared to be a tour bus lineup outside the restaurant space's door. 30 people stomping in the cold. Why?? Is table service integral to the sandwich experience? Maybe I missed out? My stomach doesn't think so...I believe their card minimum is $10.
5	Yummy deli, great smoked meats, fresh rye bread, big generous portions, worth the wait in line.  The sandwich literally melts in your mouth.  I cannot visit Montreal without getting one of these (or two).
5	Best sandwich ever. I always eat 2 sandwiches here. Get 1 fat, 1 medium and a pickle. Heaven. Got a vacuum packed medium smoked meat home to Toronto next door in the take out section.
2	I really hate to say this, but this place is a bit over-rated. My sandwich was mostly gristle and fat. I had better smokes meats the last time I was in Ottawa. I suspect there are better places in Montreal or, hopefully, these guys just had an off day.
5	On my last day of being in Montreal trying the reuben sandwich, I had to try the famous Smoked Meat Sandwich. Everyone who knew about smoked meat advised me to go to Schwartz's. I did not know where it was located so I went on the hunt for this famous place. I asked around for directions and all of the Montreal people stated "its just down that street make a left." So after following these directions to Schwartz's, I finally arrived there 1 hour later. With that long and dreadful walk my appetite was at an all time high. Unfortunately I forgot that a couple of people mentioned that there is always a lineup. I would estimate that there were 23 people were in line. Being hungry and impatient we decided we would go into the other shop dedicated to takeout orders. Even going in there there was a line up of about a dozen people. So I decided in line that I would just go for the Medium Smoked Meat Sandwich, with a pickle, and a Cherry Cola. After all the wait I sat down with my sandwich and began endulging. The bread was a nice thin slice filled with a fat stack of tender smoked meat and mustard. Im not a big fan of mustard but in this sandwich it was perfect. It was 6-7 dollars for a decent size but excellent quality sandwich. I washed it down with the delicious cherry cola and was satisfied. I would have got another one if I didnt have to wait in line. I would definitely recommend this place if you come to Montreal. I would just suggest that you know where you are going before you go on a mile long walk. Overall a simple sandwich with an incredible taste.
5	In the U.S., we call it Pastrami, but hey, if you wanna call it "Smoked Meat" that's fine, just don't call me "Late for Dinner!"This place was out-of-this world delicious. I'm super glad we got there at an odd-moment where we were seated right away.It seemed like the second we sat down, a giant line formed at the door that wrapped around the block. Apparently it's like this often.Service is really slow but I think that's because they make these sandwiches with lots of love. Or at least, lots of smoked meat, and I guess that's hard to cut or something.Either way, you sit communal and we were stuck next to a whiny couple who kept complaining that other people got their smoked meat even though they came in after the couple. They were whiny, but we were determined to stick through the inequitable service if we had to.We split a small smoked meat sandwich with medium fat (you get to tell them lean, medium or Roseanne Bar circa 1980 level of fatness).  I thought the fattiness was perfect but my girlfriend wishes we went lean.The rye bread is delcious, the cole slaw was tasty but overpriced and we ate every centimeter (I'm using metric cause we're in Canada) of the sandwich and then proceeded to lick our plates. The meat was delicious and super-seasoned, it's much dryer than the corned beef and pastrami I'd had in the states. I liked this but I understand others liking the moist stuff "south of the border."  (that sounded really gross).Anyway, I would definitely make Schwartz's a mut-do for myself whenever I'm in Montreal. I miss you, already, old friend.
5	So, so good.  Simple, straight forward, no frills.... just good.  Get yourself a sandwich, maybe some fries, maybe some slaw or a pickle, and you are good to go.When ordering, you will be asked how lean you want your meat.  I'd recommend asking for a little fat.  That's where the flavor really is.... and hey, you are going on vacation most likely if you are reading this.The service I received was very good.  This is not a place to have a long conversation over lazily picking at your food.  You get in (there will be a line going out the door), you get seated (more than one party will be seated at your table), you eat, you pay, you get out.So good I went twice while I was in Montreal!Highly recommend!!
2	I don't get it. It's the one Montreal place you have to take tourists but it is rather bland. if you want a great Smoked Meat sandwich just cross the street to Main Deli. That's a tasty smoked meat, and best part there is usually no line.
4	Montreal smoked meat is the best.  Pastrami and corned beef have nothing on this type of beef.  Schwartz is the pinnacle of smoked meat.
4	Food is amazing (I always order a large platter with fatty meat). Why only four stars? Service is hit-or-miss.I once brought an American friend here and the service was so bad it really left a bad taste in his mouth... It's not the kind of impression you want to leave tourists visiting Montreal.Also, do not order smoked turkey. In the spirit of Thanksgiving, we once ordered a small platter of smoked turkey. It was literally sliced cold cuts of turkey meat, the type you would expect to find in the deli section of your local grocery store.
5	So, so good. Every time we visit Montreal without making time for Schwartz's a little part of me dies. This is simply the best place for smoked meat. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Some people seem to get steak, but I have no idea how they manage to resist the sandwiches. There will be a line. Just wait in it - you won't regret it. If you're getting it take-out, though, just head next door rather than waiting to get in to the main restaurant because they have all of the same food and it will be much faster.There's nothing fancy about this place. If you're in a small group there's a pretty good chance you'll get sat at a table with people you don't know and there are no frills on the menu. It's crowded as heck, with the quintessential diner feel. But everyone is in a good mood because the food is so good and it's great fun to watch the guys behind the counter fooling around, yelling out orders and slinging out sandwiches. And that's what you should get, by the way. Medium (or maybe fattier, but medium's always been enough for me) smoked meat on rye, or a smoked meat platter with rye bread so that you can make multiple sandwiches. Be prepared to have a sandwich appear in front of you very quickly and for it to take a moment or two for you to figure out how to wrangle the huge pile of delicious meat for which two pieces of rye seem wholly inadequate to contain. Yes, you'll make a mess. Then you'll go fishing for all the little bits of meat you drop, lest they go to waste. I always order my sandwich with a dill pickle, even though I don't normally eat dill pickles. The acidity cuts the fat in the meat beautifully, plus there's just something about the smoked meat, rye, mustard and pickle combination. The boyfriend gets fries, which are only OK in my opinion. If you have enough room for fries it seems to me you've got enough room for extra smoked meat.So yes. It's good. It's worth the wait. Don't cheat yourself, just go.
5	I've been to Shwartz about 10 times since moving to Montreal  about 6 years ago.. Every time I go I enjoy my smoked meat sandwich and cherry coke and ponder when would be the next time I can come out and have one (I am on a diet, you see).Flavour is amazing. Sandwich itself is cheap (around $6-7). Line is not that long (just dont go on the weekends or during lunch / dinner time). Much better than the Main, Lesters, snowdon, etc..
5	Best smoked meat sandwich I'd ever had thus far!!!  MUST try if you're visiting Montreal!!!
2	I liked it modestly.  But i must say, comparing this to Katz's NYC-it doesn't come close.  The quality and the rich full bodied flavor of Pastrami that is hand cut, vs. the much less spiced and seemingly lower quality meat-smoked meat.  Handsdown-Katz is better.
5	Awesome food and super fast service. Girlfriend and I had the smoked meat sandwich, fries, peppers and coleslaw. Best $18 we've spent so far!
4	Love this place....get here early...don't bother going on a Friday. I've been here a few times and this place never will disappoint you...be patient with the wait & when you order make sure you know 100% what you want.
5	This place is what makes Montreal smoked meat very popular, and is the essence of every Montreal visit.Everyone has mentioned the flavour of the smoked meat, but the rib steak is awesome as well! I'd highly recommend the Schwartz's combo if you're hungry, filled me up to the point I had to take the rest of it home!Definitely recommend this place. It may be touristy, but there's a reason why.
5	Lives up to the reputation.  It's a dive with great smoked beef.  The line outside is always there and the keep it moving.  Cole slaw is original, excellent and no mayo in sight.  Friendly, prompt service.
4	I like this just as much as Katz's in NYC. The meat is buttery, seasoned, and tender. I'm not a fan of mustard but the mustard wasn't distracting at all in the sandwich. It also wasn't expensive to boot. The only negative thing I could think of was the wait in line in the sweltering heat of August. I would definitely drop by again the next time I'm in Monty.In short, OMG SO MUCH MEATY MEAT MEAT *swoon*.
5	Went here the morning after a long night of drinking and boy did it hit the spot.  Got there around lunch time and the line for the restaurant section was out the door and down the block.  Me and my guys opted for the to-go side and even there we had quite a bit of a wait.  After ordering an enormous amount of pastrami and some sides we got lucky and found an area to eat in the back.  Let me say that it was the best pastrami sandwich I had every had.  This coming from a New Yorker who enjoys Katz.  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of that sandwich and the only bad thing is that I can't have this unless I am up in the great white north.
4	Gooooood! Superb smoked meat. But just for a big bite,  not a dinner place.  Coleslaw just mediocre. More about the tourist draw and serving super sized volume than anything.
5	This place is nothing to look at! Be prepared to wait at least an hour outside. Cash only! Way better than ANY NYC deli for Corned Beef. At Schwartz's it is called 'Smoked Meat'. Get it on a plate with bread on the side. You will NOT be disappointed!!!
5	Still the best smoked meat.  Been coming here for almost 20 years.  The Schwartz combo, which comes with Rib Steak and mini hot dogs is what I've been taking forever, but I miss the old grill, with its decades of accumulated taste, which seemed to make the rib steak even tastier.  If you like red meat, you'll be happy.  The interior is completely unpretentious mid-20th century white bathroom tile.  If you want fancy, go up the street to Moishe's, or queue de Cheval, or better yet Gibby's.  Be prepared to share tables with other patrons.  Think more dine and dash than sip and savour.  Don't come in peak hours if you don't like waiting in a queue outside on St. Laurent.  Be prepared for brutally honest waiters, who will guide you towards the red meat.  Don't get lean smoked meat, it's a freaking travesty.  If you want to cut calories, skip the bread, or dump the fries (although they are not bad), just for the love of god, don't go lean on the smoked meat.
2	There is something wrong with Schwartz's on the societal level. I mean, it is more of a feeding troth than a Jewish deli, per se. The sheer volume of meat that is consumed in this place on a daily basis is staggering. At one point, I saw a garbage bin sized food-grade container being carried by two large, struggling men from the kitchen to behind the counter, full of the famous smoked meat. I watched each cut, nearly 200 lbs. worth, be unloaded out by fork, and be given the final pinch test for tenderness. Some were segregated to an insulated container to continue softening, some were ready for temporary sequestration before slicing. The meat then goes to the workspace of a very fat man with a messed up eye, whose sole job is to slice the meat, which he did with a rhythmic panache, his jaw swaying agape in a chewing motion, almost davening with each cut. An older fellow then slowly makes the sandwiches with rye bread and mustard, his hands pressing them into the well-worn plates with a tender push, the meat fat still jiggling off the sides, mesmerizing the packed-in customers under its tender, pink, shiny spell.      The meat just doesn't stop at Schwartz's, all day or all night, and I can't help but mourn for the arteries of the obese and nostalgic clientele who frequent this place.
4	Great sandwich, and this was an enjoyable experience. The black cherry soda I got(and decided to try that, based on other reviews) was also pretty good here. Service felt like it was slightly lacking, but no huge deal since I've dealt with more surly waiters/etc. at other restaurants. And I think we got lucky with the line. I don't think it's quite 5 star good, but it's still a very enjoyable experience. Reading in other reviews about their long lines(and luckily avoided that factor, by coming not long after it opened) makes me think it's probably timing coming here at just the right times, to avoid when the line is the longest(a la Hot Doug's in Chicago).If I ever return to Montreal, I'd probably try a different smoked meat place(likely Lester's, from reading its reviews), or just do an order here for take out.
4	When you do a shot of tequila, you go salt, shot, lime.When you do Schwartz sandos, you go bite, mustard, pickle. (hint: Cut up the cornichon in bite size pieces and squeeze a bit of mustard onto your plate.)  Mustard adds some tang and pickle's acidity goes ha-YAH! Like Beatrix Kiddo slicing O-Ren Ishi's head.This place got me into Jewish Delis which made me find Wise Sons in SF. I'm a Rookie to the Jewish deli scene so I still need to give Katz a chance to Pai Mei... Or not.
5	Do you love to meat?Do you like to get messy?Ever have an orgasm from food? Did you like it?If any or all your answers are yes  then you need to check out Schwartz. let this place delight your nostrils with the delightful smell of the smoked delicacy that they serve at this establishment. They tell you to grab the soda but hey if you're enjoying a delicious and well portioned sandwich (almost no bread all which is good in my opinion, who needs bread just meat!) you need nothing else but the delicious flavor of that meat. They also have a to go place, so when the wait is too long (which it often is) and the line is out of the door on a regular basis at both the To Go and To Stay part. My friend had just the fries here once and they weren't anything special. What is special is this meat sandwich. I wish I could have one right now.The waiters do tend to be a little rude but they are usually overwhelmed with the amount of customers.
4	3 ingredients (smoked meat, mustard, and bread) combined to create something so delicious. Mmmm, I just wanted to inhale the whole sandwich. There was so much meat I had trouble finding the other piece of bread. Each bite was heavenly. Nice amount of marble to add that extra bit of surprise and burst of flavor. *happy sigh
3	The smoked meat at Smoke's Poutinerie that topped the poutine was much better. This place was good but not as exceptional as the 400+ reviews say it is.
5	I came here thinking that this was a wannabe New York Deli.  Boy was I wrong.  This restaurant made such an impact in the city of Montreal that they even created a stage play based on the restaurant itself.  Despite the acclaim, it kept its "hole in the wall" appearance.  Their specialty here is the smoked beef.  Their very tender slices of smoked beef melt in your mouth between two very basic slices of bread and mustard.  I also ordered their steak, which was cooked with a delicious pepper marinade.  Not to mention their french fries were crispy and amazing!  It gets packed in there sometimes so don't be surprised to sit with strangers at the same table while enjoying your meal.  Our waiter was very kind and helpful.I was thoroughly impressed with the food (the obvious main highlight in this establishment).  I hope to come to Montreal again sometime and enjoy this amazing spot.
4	The smoke meat is great. I was introduced to this place during college. It's always busy though, afternoon or evening.
5	This is the quintessential Jewish delicatessen probably in all of Canada.  The Katz Deli of Canada.  An institution.  The place is a complete dump but that part of the charm.  You go to this place for one thing.  A smoked meat sandwich, kind of like corned beef but a little different.  You order a smoked meat sandwich on rye with mustard.  You will NOT be disappointed and it costs 7 or 8 bucks.  You can't beat it.  If you visit Montreal you have to go to this place.  there will be a wait because it is so good.  Don't forget to order a deli pickle with your sandwich.  They have a special recipe, probably the best one I have ever had.  Thanks
4	We made a point to eat here, to enjoy the smoked meat sandwich, the ambience, and, truth be told, to compare to Katz's deli on NYC's Lower East side.  First thing first - the staff is super friendly! And I don't think it was because we came in after 8 pm. No matter the server's age, young or older, each and every one of them was very nice, chatty and welcoming. Everyone is bi-lingual, and doesn't make you feel inferior if you "ne parles pas Francais". I sacrificed my vegetarian preferences, and ordered the famous smoked meat, along with half and sour pickles, and a side order of French fries, to share. All came very quickly, and I promptly bit into the sizable half of the smoked meat sandwich (aka pastrami), which was served on the freshest rye bread with a droop of mustard. The bread made a better impression on me than the meat: the latter was quite bland, though soft and well cooked. I added more mustard - nope, still not there. I toped it with the English brown sauce - nope, there's just something missing: flavor, spices!  I politely finished my half, pressing harder on the half sour pickles and fries. When our very friendly server asked how we enjoyed the meal, my husband honestly told him that it was not as good as the last time he ate there, about two weeks prior.  Well, not two minutes went by when a plate of freshly cut pastrami appeared in front of us, with the server saying THIS was the cut we should have had. Of course we had to partake, and, boy oh boy oh boy, THAT was phenomenal!  Juicy, flavorful, tasty, melt-in-your-mouth delicious! We polished that off so quickly, he brought more - all at no extra charge, simply to ensure the customers were satisfied with the meal, the service and the experience. The total bill was very reasonable, and,of course, we left a generous tip for the excellent service. So, from the horse's (server's) mouth: if you are not happy with the sandwich you received, speak up and they will replace it, no questions asked. Just do so before you finish the meal, as not every server may be as generous as ours was.
5	When I eat smoked meat sandwiches,  I base them all on the ones found here. Best in the world. Sometimes hard to find a parking spot. Sometimes you have to wait in line just to get in. It's that popular because its that good!
4	I've been to Schwartz's several times, with my first visit being nearly 10 years ago and my latest being yesterday.  Eagle eyed Yelpers may even remember that it was in my profile pic for the longest time!  And what's not to say about this storied Montreal deli that's not already been said: delicious, melt-in-your-mouth sandwiches that are cheap, filling, and will give any NY delicatessen a serious run for their money.There's always a wait outside to get into this hole-in-the-wall of a restaurant, but once you brave the cold queue, you're packed into the seats one of the many communal tables.  You could order anything other than the smoked meat, but you'd be kidding yourself if you did.  It's a seriously amazing sandwich, and unlike its New York counterpart, not oversized to the point where you'd burst.  The fries are good too: not too greasy and a great complement to the sandwich.  Bonus points also for a pretty healthy-tasting cole slaw (little mayo).One can't wonder, with the press clippings lining the walls, the posters advertising "Schwartz's: The Musical", and the paraphernalia for sale, if Schwartz's had indeed "jumped the shark" and ventured its way into tourist trap territory.  Judging from the overwhelming amount of English I heard throughout the restaurant, I'd venture to say that Schwartz's may be more popular with tourists and out-of-towners than the locals.  However, the food still stands up to the critical praise, and you certainly won't be disappointed from your visit.  This food is definitely worth the wait.
5	"It's the stuff that dreams are maaaaaade of."While there is another female singer associated with Schwartz's (more on that later) it was Carly Simon who set the theme for my Schwartz's experience. We showed up on a Friday afternoon and were greeted with a short line outside. However, we only waited about 3 minutes because two seats opened up at the counter. I'm telling you, traveling in a duo is the way to go when it comes to popular eateries. This encounter was a three-way of simplicity: smoked meat sandwich, fries, and a black cherry soda. With a little extra sumpin' sumpin' in the form of a dill pickle that was large enough for two people to share. Oh holy hell. One the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I intended to save half, but once I dove in there was no way I was stopping. Somehow, in an alchemy of food magic, three simple ingredients - meat, rye bread, mustard - combined to achieve sandwich nirvana. The fries were crispy and delicious, with the perfect amount of salt. Then, there was the black cherry soda (Cott's Black Cherry Soda, to be precise), which put this meal over the top. It was unlike any carbonated beverage I've ever tasted. I couldn't find it in the grocery store near where we were staying, but managed to snag a few cans at the Montreal airport. Had I known that the customs process was over and liquids were OK, I would have bought out their entire supply. I still have a can in my fridge that I cannot bring myself to drink. If anyone from Montreal is reading this, be my Cott's supplier and we will be BFFs for Lyfe. Other black cherry flavored sodas just don't compare. And it's not even like I have a particular interest in black cherries, this stuff is just AMAZING. Back to Schwartz's. The counter staff was very friendly and efficient. It was an overall great experience. I probably would have gone back, but there's just so much good food to try in Montreal. The very next day I saw on the news that Celine Dion had been at Schwartz's just a little after our visit. So even if you don't believe me, TRUST CELINE. (Black Cherry Soda. Remember that.)
5	I was in Montreal for 3 days and ended up here once each day.The place - Awesome, old-school iconic "place to go" that lives up to the hype. There's always a bit of a line for the restaurant, but the service is quicker at their takeout place next door.The food - really a meat lover's dream. Smoked meat sandwich (medium) is perfect.The price - surprisingly reasonable: $6.40 for the sandwich.
4	Amazing Smoked Meat. Overall it was very good and I'll go back. I tend to be a bitch about my Smoked Meat Sandwiches. I am the same way about my pizza, but we'll get to that another time.We arrived right at 11 am so it was easy to get a table but the place filled up quickly.Service was sort of Meh, which is part of the reason I took off a star. But also, I found the place to be super cramped. In order to eat a sandwich this stuffed with meat, you need a little extra elbow room. Also, I wished they had hot mustard and saurkraut on the sandwich. I guess I would have been happier if I had brought the meat home and made a sandwich there, myself. Kitchy, Iconic, Yum.
5	...Schwatz's.  Again, the other reviews say it all. It is that good.
5	Being in Montreal for F1, ment that I had to try Schwartz. And I was not disappointed. except for the line. After a long wait, I got the smoked meat sammich to go, since seating was lacking. Once on the street, i chomped down on the meaty goodness in full view of the patrons in line. Perhaps that was a bit rude, but i'm Murican! Oh well!Only regret was not visiting Schwartz when I first got there and not ordering more than two sammiches....next time i won't forget!
5	Would give Schwartz 10 stars if I could!! This is a must when you are in Montreal. For a NY'er's palate, smoked meat is equivalent to pastrami -- however, with one exception -- because Schwartz's smoked meat is orgasmic.We arrived mid-day on a weekend and there was no wait! We ordered a couple of the smoked meat sandwiches with mustard, cherry coke, fries, and pickles to complete the whole package. Schwartz's smoked meat is tender, juicy, and flavorful -- in my opinion, best when it is hot and steaming! Next time I am back in town, guarantee I will be back for more of Schwartz's.
4	Been here many many times in my lifetime and as we all no there has been no change to this place. Food is consistently good. I always order extra lean and its very good and dry. What amazes me about this place is how the health inspectors don't shut it down!!! The place is so dirty. Maybe cause they never have any down time in the place to actually clean!!! Winter time is really bad but all you have to look at is their carpet that comes in from the back of the restaurant. They are disgustingly dirty or filthy better said!! But I guess this is a tourist trap and inspectors turn a blind eye to it esp. that Celine Dion owns it now!!! Dirt or no dirt I keep going back......
5	THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. We stayed in Montreal for 3 days, 2 nights, and stopped by Schwartz's a total of 4 times. It is just so good and you can't beat that price. We got take-out the first time and ate it in the small seating area-- we got seats for the four of us, no problem, even during lunchtime. There was no way we were waiting in the freezing cold for a table to eat something like this. Although one of the nights we went late, around midnight, so we sat in the main restaurant because there was no line. Take-out closed by then anyway. I was a bit skeptical about the pickles, so we didn't get them. Instead we got two different slaws, one was a very interesting vinegar based style, the other was more mayo. Both were cool, but I think I prefer the mayo. And of course, each time we got the smoked meat sandwich. Rye bread and mustard!! Though I usually end up putting on more mustard on it. YUMMM. Fries on the side is great too. BUT AGAIN, the price!!! I realize it's not exactly the same thing, but I'm a die hard fan of Katz's or Harold's pastrami in NY/NJ. I am actually willing to spend 14 bucks on that pastrami, so you definitely can't say no to this smoked meat, which is effing delicious as well, but about half the price. We went 4 times in 3 days. NUFF SAID!
5	Portion size just rightWe had the classic smoke meat sandwitch Price is rightSeating... tight (TIGHT)Line up 10-15 minuteWorth it?  YES.
5	Definitely lives up to the hype. There are 3 types of meat: lean, medium, and fatty. Definitely go for the fatty one! with a sour pickle. Meat was so juicy and delicious!The place was a little cramped but definitely worth it!CASH ONLY.
5	The line may be long but it moves. The meat was spot on. Simple and delicious. As good as smoked meat gets. Friendly, classic, quick service.
4	Our taxi driver from the airport said to come here (as did my travel book) and that 6 months from now we will be craving the smoked meat sandwiches. We stood in line for the restaurant for a while, but opted to go to the take-out store next door. We were very glad we did that....the line moved fairly quickly and we got seats at the back  of the store.We had 2 smoked meat sandwiches, a pickle, and poutin. It seemed like the take out area was the only place to get poutin. We hadn't tried it on our trip yet, and I thought it was probably a good spot to have it for the first time. The sandwiches were the perfect size. We originally only ordered one, but one wouldn't be enough to split for lunch. It was a very good sandwich, but it was not any different than good deli's in NYC. The poutin on the other hand was heavenly. The gravy was rich and tasted of beef, and the curds and fries were very fresh. I will definitely go here again, but mainly for the poutin. If you don't get to NYC frequently, then I will say you will definitely love it for the sandwich. Like I say, since I can have Katz's or Sarge's in NYC any time, it didn't seem much different. Here's hoping that America adopts poutin!!
5	Amazing
3	One of the many advantages of living in Montreal is access to the most amazing smoked meat, a trademark food of the city. The most famous place to get your smoked meat fix is, of course, Schwartz's on St. Laurent street. You can tell which one is Schwartz's by spotting the line of excited tourists lined up down the block for a chance to get a seat! The meat (I get mine full-fat, not lean) is juicy and smoky and greasy and tastes amazing with a massive pickle and yellow mustard. Everything you could want from a smoked meat. But personally, I will not wait 30 mins for it-- I usually go to the Schwartz's STORE which is right next door to the restaurant and order mine as take-away.My honest opinion: Schwartz's smoked meat is really delicious, but not that much more delicious than the smoked meat at le Main across the street! There is never a lineup at le Main, and although you won't get the novelty or feel of the real thing, the food is right on par.
4	Awesome smoked brisket deli.  They let you order the meats by lean, medium, and fat cuts.  'Nuff said.
5	A Montreal legend.  It was a bit of a walk to get there from my hotel, but I got up to the counter and ordered the smoked meat sandwich.  It is a simple sandwich with great flavor.  Amazing.
5	Yes, it's that good. The Holy Grail of smoked meat sandwiches on the Island awaits inside Schwartz's doors. You may have to wait a bit to get in, and it may be a bit cramped, but it is completely worth it.
5	Hands down, this is the most delicious smoked meat you'll find! The line-up to get a seat in this place stretched down the road, so my beau and I decided to head into their take out section next door and grab a seat  by the back window (recommended!). I am not normally a big beef person and initially ordered a turkey sandwich. "This is the same turkey you can get anywhere," the guy said to me. "Including in Toronto--that's where you're from right?"Was it that obvious? He said 80 per cent of their customers come from Toronto, but it was my dialect that gave it away. He talked me into getting the smoked meat, so I ordered it skinny and man was I glad I did! It was so tasty and tender it was as if it had been cooking in a crockpot for days. It literally fell apart in my mouth. Since it was "skinny" it wasn't fat at all, which was especially nice because I am typically picky and girly in these matters. Seriously, it was so good it almost made me wonder why I spend the majority of my life pseudo-vegetarian!
2	I don't get it, or maybe I just don't have a taste for smoked meat. After hearing all the hype I got a sandwich to go (the line for tables was way out the door and down the street). It seemed small for the price ($10 with a pickle), just meat and bread and that's it, no mustard or anything.Honestly, it was... bland. About as exciting as eating moist cardboard spread with lard. The pickle was sour and nasty, and there was so little bread to contain the meat that the sandwich fell apart and I had to finish it with a fork. I guess this is how smoked meat connoisseurs like it?There's a corner store a block down the other side of the street that sells Vietnamese sandwiches for $2 which are easily twice as good.
4	First of all, everything is seen and tasted through my lens of NY deli experience.The place is small and popular, hence the long line. We came at 11pm on a friday night in whats probably the off tourist season so we had no wait. But the ambiance/experience of eating in was nothing special to me (me having had the Jewish deli experience already, that is). So I'd take-out before I'd wait more than 15 mins myself. Don't be afraid to sit at the counter, though, as you'll have attentive service there; clearly the most animated server was stationed at the counter when we were there (our service was dull and lifeless). Its silly not to get a smoked meat sandwich of course. I didn't know about the cut/leanness options and just got what they gave me. And it was great. I've been spoiled by Katz's pastrami. But Im sure this is the next best thing outside of NY delis. This is shreddier than pastrami, I should note. It really falls apart; so be prepared for that. And its a little less flavorful than NY pastrami; it doesnt have that dark, peppery crust as much. Despite what you see in the window. Still great. These are smaller and cheaper than NY's. Get your own; dont share it. A half sour completes the experience. Though this one had the light green color I like, it lacked salt. The cole slaw was more vinegary than Im used to, not mayo, and more finely shredded. It was good, if different.One thing I just could not get over. Not a Jewish-face staff member in the house! Couldnt get over it.
5	HOLY EFF BOMB THIS SMOKED MEAT IS AMAZING. I'm from Texas so I know. Just get a damn smoked meat sandwich with a pickle, banana peppers and fries and you'll be in heaven. It's a diner, it's loud, it's hectic and crazy. It'll be a quick and dirty kinda meal but you'll walk away thinking " wow. I want to eat here once a week".
5	This is best (and cheapest) meal I had while in Montreal! I could have gone here every day. I had the smoked meat (medium) sandwich with a pickle. I didn't get the peppers but they looked awesome! The servers were good and the sandwich came out fast. If you like your personal space, you should probably get a sandwich to go. You sit in cramped tables with random people, but I think the sandwich makes up for that. Everyone has to try Schwartz's during their visit.
4	When you see line ups before the restaurant opens, it's a sign that they are doing something right. Schwartz's is a very small, busy diner with a cult following. My waiter was excellent, giving us great advice as we settled on the combo which came with fries. We ordered the coleslaw and had pickles on the side. If the seating wasn't so crowded and follow diners dropping f-bombs, this establishment would have received 5 stars from me. You should bring cash as they do not accept credit cards.
4	Went to Schwartz last Friday. Staff is as funny and entertaining as ever.
3	Maybe I am spoiled by the NY "smoked meat" AKA pastrami... It's just OK here. It's not as moist, and a bit stringy, rubbery. The flavor was on point, but there was something off for me so the wait was not worth it.
4	Leaning toward 3.5 stars, actually. Boy are they gruff here, from the cashier to the behind-the-bar guys. We were startled to find out what we thought was one sandwich nicely split in two for two of us to share was actually two sandwiches period. Small ones at that, with no pickle, for $7.35. Ouch. The bread is nothing special, and there are no extras inside such as lettuce or sauerkraut. Just meat - and thank goodness the meat was excellent. So juicy, with just enough fat.
4	The smoked meat sandwich was good- the bread is only mediocre and not the slightest bit toasted although I wish it was. The high pile of meat is the star. I found it a tad dry, but still delicious. It came with a smear of mustard- I added more. I like the simplicity; you don't need to cover things up in sauces and spices if the main ingredient has quality to show. But it wasn't perfect.Their fries were good, not over salted or greasy. I did really like their slaw- vinegary rather than mayo drenched, which perfectly cuts through the fattiness of the meat. I even piled some on into my sandwich.The rib steak here is even better- get the Schwartz's combo and you'll get a nice fatty and flavorful steak, smoked meat, and a little cut of a tasty sausage, with slaw, fries, and a pickle. They did cook the steaks a bit more than what was ordered, they aren't thick steaks however: medium came out as medium-well, and the medium-rare found its way to the table as medium, but still equally delicious, and I did try them both.Their liver is overcooked completely. The liver I do not recommend- dried out and far from how liver should be.There is a wait, a line that can extend outside and down the street, and the three of us shared a table with a party of two, but I think it's what makes the place. There's nothing pretentious about it- this place is a dirty little diner. Our waiter was delightful. When I asked for fries, a pickle, and slaw, he only put in the pickle. "Share", he told us, "there's plenty of food". The combos come with slaw and fries by default. He was right, although we did finish EVERYTHING! I'm a small girl which can be deceiving; he underestimated my appetite.I'm not saying you should drive to Montreal for Schwartz's, but all in all, if you're in Montreal, I recommend experiencing this place at least once.
4	I heard that this was the spot to go to for smoked meats. The sandwiches have ALOT of meat so don't eat for  24 hours before you get it if you intend to finish it. I'm still working on mine as I write this review. The smoked meat is really good. The bread is small though and it would be nice if there was more mustard. Other than that, I still think that you should head over there, grab a sandwich, pick up some of the spice mixes that they sell for meats.
5	First of all, accept the fact that you're going to have to wait in line to get in.  It's also quite likely that said queue will stretch down the block.Don't let this deter you.  The line moves quickly because it's not really a place where people can linger; there are only a dozen or so communal tables + a row of stools at the bar.  Also, the staff are pros at keeping track of who's next to be seated, and they turn the tables fairly quickly, too, without rushing patrons to go.On that note: DON'T try to cut the line.  Unless you're a major celebrity or have known the owners since birth, you'll be unceremoniously bounced out the front door.  We watched at least 3 people try to sneak in during Saturday lunch, and the host/waitstaff weren't having it.  Fair warning.Once you're ushered inside, you're directed to the nearest open seat and are pretty much immediately on-deck to have your order ready.  That said, the only thing you really need to decide is whether you want your meat served up lean, medium, or fatty (I went with "lean," and I thought the texture and moisture were perfect), and if you want it served on seedless rye bread or au naturale, i.e. on a plate.  (Tip: skip the bread.)  From there, your only dilemma is how many kosher dill pickles to order on the side.  (FYI, these are not your typical namby-pamby dill spears, folks.  These are whole, crisp cucumbers, brined and spiced to perfection.  You'll want two.  Trust me.)The meat is unique (fork-tender, peppery with a hint of smoke, and perfect when slathered with the house mustard); the atmosphere is authentic (the spartan decor looks like it probably hasn't changed much since the 1940s or 50s--in a good way); and the service is fast and efficient.It's a memorable meal that is worth the wait.
4	Cash only, but they take USD & CAD. This is located in a great area, very easy to get to. The service was fast and friendly, though we came at around 3pm. The space is small so I could see there being a long wait for seating. We were given the option of lean, medium, or fatty smoked meat. We chose medium, which came with a slather of yellow mustard on one side. We also got coleslaw and fries. I wouldn't get the fries again because they were soggy and a but oily. The coleslaw was great and very acidic--vinegar based instead of mayo based. The sandwich was small but very filling. Yum!
4	Saw this place on Anthony Bourdain's montreal episode and had to try it while in town from NYC.  This place was cheap and delicious.  But I've had better sandwiches from similar places, ie. Langer's in Los Angeles.  The meat is comparable but Langer's is still much better.  Anyway, we came here on a wednesday summer afternoon and got seated right away.
2	was looking forward to trying some quality smoked meat in montreal and went here based on yelp and other peoples reccomendations  overall i was disappointed in the quality of the meat and found it quite dry.  we ended up eating street food nearby from a festival which we enjoyed much more.
3	This place has a lot of hype to it. It has great Montreal smoked meat (some of the best in the world) but the sandwiches are really, really basic. I've had so much better ones using their meat it has spoiled me. The service is fast food quick; they have a small menu and lots and lots of people so they cook everything in seconds. Very simple menu. Oh and warning this is a Cash only business.
5	This meat can't be better. Definitely I ate more than I should have. Made sandwiches at home since I like the freedom of applying my own condiments. Looked like a festive crowd and will defiinitely partake in the festivities on location next time. Cash only.
4	The NY Katz Deli equivalent in Montreal.  This tiny mom & pop shop is a Montreal visit must.  The smoked meat sandwich comes in different types of fattiness: lean, medium, or fatty.  I personally thought the medium was just perfect.  Think the lean meat doesn't capture the true taste of the smoked meat flavor and fat meat is overwhelming.  It's juicy tenderness and flavor of the meat still lingers.  Definitely well worth the wait.  We were fortunate to wait only about 10 mins when we arrived around 1pm on Sunday.  The fries were a great pairing.  We didn't order the cole slaw but I saw the table next to us order cole slaw and it didn't look too drenched with mayo. Would try on our next visit.  Also saw a few tables ordering their steak, need to try next time.  Tip: Come early to avoid long lines and cash only.
4	We made the pilgrimage to this well-known deli in the Plateau area.  I expected something along the lines of Carnegie Deli in New York City.  But, Schwartz's is not that expansive, more a hole in the wall with tight seating that's necessarily communal.  The menu is also limited, four sandwiches and half a dozen special plates like steak, liver and chicken plus a few side items.  They stick to what they do best and what they've been doing for years.The star is the smoked meat sandwich, which is like a corned beef or pastrami and tender like brisket.  The meat spills out of the bread, all but making it disappear.  You'll eventually need a fork to eat up all that goodness.  We ordered ours with fries and a pickle, which is huge and very briny.  It's all delivered by a cast of colorful old timers who easily fall into humorous stories about the celebrity pictures covering the wall.  Since we arrived mid-afternoon, the legendary line was nonexistent.The couple sharing our table, were regulars who came from an hour and a half away and remembered Schwartz's when it had sawdust floors.  Obviously, this is a deli with staying power and a Montreal institution you need to experience.Oh, yes, cash only.
5	during my BEB 2013 journey...you know this place has to be guud if the line is covering and blocking the window view/entrance of the stores next to it.The smoked meat here is aweeeesome. Not too smokey where its painful to eat, but cooked and smoked to the perfect tenderness. The cool thing about this place was that you were able to choose what kind of smoked meat you wanted. Your given an option of smoked meat with no fat, smoked meat with a little fat, or smoked meat with a lot of fat. Obviously...for me...gotta go for the smoked meat with LOTS OF FAT! Yah I know its not healthy for you...but for me: ITS WHERE ALL THE GUUDNESS AND FLAVORS ARE! We also ordered a side of french fries and dill pickles. The fries tasted like fries and the dill pickles tasted a bit different, but in a guud way. One of the highlights of this restaurant...the server kept on talking about this "cherry soda." He talked about it so much that I had to order one. THIS CHERRY SODA WAS SOOO AMAZING! It literally was the best cherry soda that Ive ever had! If Guinness Book of World Record had a category for best cherry soda in a can...it has to be the one that this restaurant has! ITS A MUST GET! Goes great with the smoked meat! This soda was sooo guuud that I bought another one TO-GO after the meal!Anyways...service was fast and quick. The size of the restaurant was very small...so be ready to get cozy with some strangers. Vibe and environment was awesome...always filled with upbeat and energized people.P.S. get the plate! who eats bread/carbs anyways right? And plus...you get a free side of bread when you order the plate.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	We had to try Schwartz's like everyone says.  Luckily we did not have to wait in line for a table.  I think we got the last empty seats.  The waiter was horrible.  I know they are busy but we are visiting tourists and we did not understand how this restaurant works, except you need to try smoked meat from Schwartz.  Waiter was very rude and answered our questions with a very smart tone.  Sorry if we didn't know how to order, and I guess you don't have to be nice when you always get a line waiting to eat?The 4 stars is for the food.  If I had to rate the experience with the waiter, I'd give it a 1 star.We had gone across to Main's to ask question before deciding on Schwartz, and the person at Main was very nice.  We only went to Schwartz's because of the Yelp reviews and what I read on the internet.  At least the sandwich was good with the pickle and the black cherry soda.
3	I went there a couple of weeks ago. It's simple. If you like huge piles of tasty meat. Come here. If you don't. Stay away. I had there standard sandwich. It was good. Lots of meat. My gf is a vego. So she had a overpriced pickle and some soggy fries. I have heard some say its a smaller cheaper version of Katzs in NY....If you like meat, come here.
4	Boss:  "You want to go to a conference in Montreal?"Me:  "Umm, hell yea, I heard there is good food up there!"This place had a line when I got there for lunch on a weekday.  The wait was not that bad, but man it was worth it.  I ordered the smoked meat with...LOTS OF FAT!  Of course, fat = flavor...right?  Well, it was pretty damn good.  I mean, it didn't change my life or anything, but if I lived here, I would probably hit this place up at least once a month.  Cheap, delicious smoked meats.  Sit down, order and make yourself a sandwich.
4	it was the best smoked meat ever
4	This is the GO-TO place if you want to eat Montreal smoked meat! I'm not kidding! Smoked meat: 5 starsService & wait: 1 starDecor: 1 starBe prepared for long waits, sit in communal table with tight spaces, and little to minimal service.You can choose various fatness of your smoked meat ~ lean, medium, fatty.  I didn't know I could specify after I ordered, oh well, it's good enough with me. I was already satisified with my warm, tender meat served on a fresh rye bread with mustard ($6.65). Next time I'll definitely try the kill-me-fatty option! LOL.A nice surprise was the cherry coke. I'm never a fan of artificial cherry products, but since almost every table ordered this, so why not give it a try. Oh, It was AMAZING!!! It completely changed my perceptions of all cherry drinks tasted like cough syrup. It was addictive, and a perfect companion of the fatty smoked meat.Tips: - There is a minimum order of $1.50 per person.- Take out smoked meat (cold) is $1.00 cheaper per pound if you can heat it up yourself at home.- Go there before 12noon to avoid huge lineups!- Cash only.
3	I've been to this Montreal institution many a times, mainly because my travel companions always clamor to come here.  They seems to love it as meat lovers, but in my opinion as a so-so meat lover, their smoked meat sandwich is just ok.  The sandwich is huge, perhaps too big, which takes away the enjoyment of the meal itself.  Bottom line, if you love meat, you'll likely love this place, but if you are indifferent  towards it, the meat will not win you over to team meat.
5	Schwartz's is arguably the most famous deli in Montreal. It's menu proudly lists a who's who in entertainment, including Celine Dion - who I hear is now a part-owner of this iconic albeit overly touristy restaurant.Expect to queue for a while (though it moves quickly) with the hordes of tourists to grab a seat at one of a dozen or so shared and packed tables in a chaotic and rather run down dining room. Sounds delightful, ha, not really, but oh does that sandwich make up for the pain of the experience.The smoked meat, which is similar to American corn beef or British salt beef, is delicious. My sandwich overflowed with meaty goodness. It was the perfect mix of fat and lean meat served on smallish pieces of rye bread and some mustard. The beef was so tender it easily fell apart and I wound up eating it with a fork! There are other Jewish "inspired" dishes on offer (it is unclear if this place is kosher, I assume it is not), but almost everyone went with the smoked meat.Swartz's serves some of the best deli sandwiches I've had and can easily match anything you'd find in a deli-mecca like NYC. Definitely worth a trip!
4	Schwartz's is a landmark in Montreal (the other being the poutine at La Banquise) and is the reason why the city is famous for its smoked meat sandwiches. As you may have noticed from the photos, the sandwiches are basically 90% meat and 10% bread. It takes skill and training to be able to eat the sandwich while keeping it intact. The meat is oh-so tender and, in the true Quebecois fashion, is grease through and through. The mustard also blends well with the grease. On any given day you'll see a mix of tourists and locals lining up in front of Schwartz's for a bite of the delicious meat. The wait is normally around 30 minutes, but you can shorten that wait to 15 minutes if you get takeout instead (at the takeout shop right next door).
3	We were really disappointed by our Schwartz's experience. The line for the restaurant side was around 45 minutes long, which in itself makes one wonder seriously if the place may have wandered into myth territory because the reality of the sandwich that we found on the take-out side was that the meat is dry and bland (a once-off perhaps?) but it was great with extra mustard to add flavour. I've eaten countless smoked meat sandwiches over the years so I have an idea of what a good one should be like. The staff who took our order and served the greasy mess in a bag seemed to have no joie de servir  - I guess that's the burden of their legendary popularity - but the cashier lady did smile and thank us for our business which we liked. Over all it was an experience we might try one more time just to make sure this one wasn't a fluke.
3	The wait is pretty long to get a table or to get takeout. We went on a Sunday and waited about 45 minutes outside. The seating is very tight and they sit every seat in the house so likely you will sit with strangers or cannot have a huge group to one table.Service was very good and quick. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich, pickle and fries. The food was good but not the best meal I have ever had.Recommend for folks who LOVE lots of smoked beef!
5	What can I say, it's a classic, most people love it, some people don't... Remember to specify how you like the meat, lean, medium or fatty.I used to think, bah, whatever, but a few months ago, I started craving smoked meat, went to Schwartz at 11pm to get my fix, sandwich, medium, pickle, cherry soda, bam! That hit the spot.Came back this past week with some friends from out of town, they loved it. We went next door to the takeout place, less wait, less crowded. Sure enough they liked it so much we stopped over on the way home so my friend could order some takeout for the road.They have the mustard on the table, which is good because I felt like adding more. The medium is not too fatty, but it feels more juicy. And once in a while you get hit bit a bit of fat and it's like butter, yum. A bite of pickle, sip of the cherry cola, rinse and repeat.Sandwich, medium, pickle, cherry coke, 'nough said.
5	Been putting off returning to Schwartz's over the years because it's so damn busy. Every time I'm in Montreal I try to satisfy my smoked meat cravings with the likes of Lester's, Rubens or Main because I didn't want to wait in line forever. But none of those really hit the spot. Then today I realized that they have the location next to the dine-in for take away. Great choice. Quick service - in and out.Nothing really beats Schwartz's in terms of smoked meat. Nothing. It is a little bit of a cliche but there's a reason why people line up to eat at these guys.
4	We intended to sit down and eat here, but with the long line out the door and a sleeping toddler, we decided to go to the take-out side and get a few things to eat at our hotel instead.  It did not take long to get out the door, and for about $65 we got a 5 pastrami sandwiches, one large container of cole slaw, two sodas and two bags of fries.  Here's what I thought:- pastrami sandwiches - the way the wrap it in the paper, it looks like a tiny sandwich compared to what you see in photos on Yelp.  However, once you unwrap it you find a ton of meat inside.  The bread was soft and soaked with some fat, there was just a bit of mustard, and the pastrami was well seasoned.  It could be more moist, but the flavor was great.  You can actually smell how good and tasty it will be when you walk into the store!- cole slaw - we got the kind without mayonaise, and I loved it.  It was lighter than the traditional cole slaw, yet still tasty- fries - eh, I've had much better. I'd rather use up calories on another half sandwich.  The fries were soggy (even when I snuck one out of the bag in the car on the way back to the hotel), were not salty at all, and they looked like they were fried in old oil.  I could have done without the fries.
5	Being a native New Yorker,.. we have 2nd ave, Kat's, Carnegie deli... When I heard about Schwartz's, I had to go and compare... and you know what, I was pleasantly surprised... It's really damn good!So at Kat's deli (my current NYC favorite)... the first thing you get is the pastrami on rye with mustard... at Schwartz's, you get the smoked meat on rye with mustard. We had the option of lean, medium, or fatty. To be on the safe side, we went with medium because the lean might be a bit dry... a decision I ended up regretting. Should have gone with fatty. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. I just wish there was more fat on it... personal taste, not because there was something wrong with medium. The flavor of the smoked meat sandwich was not as salty as New York pastrami... a BIG plus for Schwartz's. And it's actually easily manageable. I have never EVER been able to eat a Kat's sandwich without it falling apart on me. Sure we get to pick at the pastrami after we're done, but the fact that its so salty... doesn't sit as well as a clean sandwich.The only downside is that Schwartz's is not in New York. Schwartz's wins. Hands down.PS: I HATE cole slaw... But I actually like Schwartz's cole slaw. It's just brined cabbage. No mayo.
4	I still love Katz, but Schwartz is pretty amazing as well.  The flavours are different, I'd say the rye bread at Schwartz is better (more moist and has a  fresh springiness to the texture).  Because it's a smaller shop, the line is quite daunting when you first arrive, but it moves fast, and yes I would say it's worth the visit.  Don't bother getting anything else but a smoked meat sandwich with pickle, you miss the point of going to Schwartz if you're not going to indulge in the smoked meat.
4	Yum, yum, yum. I am no expert on Jewish Delis but the smoked meat sandwich here was superb! (As was the coleslaw and frankfurter I had as sides). I really loved that there were only three sandwich options making it easy to pick the one it's most known for. The line for this famous hot spot wasn't too bad, as a party of seven we only waited about 15 mins on a Sunday afternoon and sit-down service was great and as might be expected at an older classic spot like this, it's cash only.
4	Schwartz's was recommended by a friend as a "to do" while visiting Montreal. We had to stand on line about 15 minutes before we were seated. Not too difficult a wait. Place was pretty small may 50 seats. The menu is limited but the "smoked meat" is what anyone comes to schwartz's for. It was really really good. I ordered the fries &  smoked meat sandwich which is comparable to pastrami. Fatty goodness. People don't go to this place for the atmosphere, you go for the smoked meat. And it was well worth the $10 buck cab ride from my hotel to check out a food institution in Montreal.
4	I enjoyed the smoked meat sandwich (take medium) and the fact I didn't have to wait in line. The place is a little tight but has a good vibe. It lost one star for the $2 pickle and the fries which were warm and not "hot and fresh out of the fryer".
4	Schwartz's smoked meat is pretty amazing. Tender, juicy, and very delicious. Like most people, you don't go here for the ambiance or anything else except for their smoked meat. The wait was only 15-20 min so that wasn't too bad, however, standing in line all you can smell is trash and funk, not the best pre-game environment.The service was fast, friendly, and good. You might be squished with other people if you're a small party because of the lack of seating available. Overall, it was worth it
5	The best smoked meat!
5	Once you actually get a to sit down and eat...the food is amazing.  Don't screw yourself trying to order anything but the smoked beef.  It's what you go there for and it is done well.  The line to get in sucks but it is well worth it.
5	The smoked meat sandwich has so much smoked meat it is likely to fall apart the moment you take a bite-in fact, you'll probably need 17 napkins just for the first half. But who cares?  It's so incredibly good, you'll be picking little bits of smoked meat off your lap to make sure you get every last bite.I think Montreal has the best smoked meat in the world, and that Swartz's is by far the best place to get smoked meat in Montreal.  So by my logic, it stands to reason that this is the best smoked meat sandwich in the world. Despite the fact that your $7.64 will only get you the sandwich with no sides (trust me, you aren't likely to need much after consuming this sandwich), there is a constant lineup outside this place at all hours of the day.For an extra charge you have the option of ordering your sandwich lean or medium, but I order mine straight up.  This is no place to quibble about fat.
4	There's always a line here, but if you go to the take out section it's way quicker and theres a small seating area in the back. Great smoked meat, get the original. The meat is so soft and tender. This place reminds me of Katz in NYC which I feel is very similar.
5	My goodness. Montreal is so lucky to have their very own Swartz Deli. I was walking by again the next day and had to force myself to keep on walking. It's the healthiest but it sure is almost to perfection.
5	Vacationing in Monetreal:I was wandering around my hotel looking for a place to eat for dinner and saw a huge line outside this place. I decided to stand in line to see what the commotion is all about. Initial reaction: This place reminds me of an old school restaurant you see in movies. This place has been around for nearly 80 years. The dining area is brightly lighted and pictures and newspaper clippings covered the wall. There's even a counter for solo eaters like me to eat. I ended up talking to a guy next to me and now we're friends. According to the staff they have hooked up two couples this month! Overall a very lively experience.What I ordered: The guy next to me recommended me to try their smoked meat sandwich and get the pickle. Normally, I am really critical of sandwiches because they all taste the same to me. Time to order to time served: Food came out quite quickly (should've take that long since it's only a sandwich right?) even with a packed house and people waiting for a table outside. Food: I can see why there's a huge line outside. The sandwich itself is packed with meat and it was delicious. The fact that I was hungry made the sandwich taste even better. As stated before, I'm not much of a sandwich person and this is good. Wash it down with a soda and some fries and it's a winning formula.  Bathroom: Didn't get to use it so I cannot comment. Customer Service: The customer service was very straight forward and aggressive but still in a friendly way. I did not feel unwelcomed or rushed even though I was a bit dazed with all that commotion when I first walked in.  Would I eat there again: Yes, I will eat there again even though I'm not a sandwich and to me that's a pretty big deal. This place is not that cheap. For a smoked meat sandwich, fries, pickle, soda was about 13 dollars.
4	Had to wait about 35 mins to seat 5 but the smoked meat was fantastic. As was the service once we were seated. Don't forget the black cherry cola!
4	I have found a pastrami (smoked meat) sandwich that rivals Katz's Deli in NYC. Moist meat, freshly sliced, tasty!
2	Don't believe the hype.Sandwiches were just OK and nothing memorable at all. Maybe it's the best Montreal has, but I have had better a million times over.... Sorry Schwartz....... but you sucked.
5	Not just hype! The best smoked meat I've ever had. The restaurant is small and you're seated at long tables, shoulder to shoulder with other diners. Old school style diner where you actually get to socialize with other human beings rather than being immersed in your phone. On to the food. The smoked meat sandwiches are out of this world. They offer lean, medium, and fatty meat. I suggest the fatty: it is the most flavourful. Sandwiches are overflowing with meat to the point where you need a fork to finish everything. The only condiment is mustard, and that's all you need. Also comes with a pickle. Depending on when you go, be prepared to wait in line. But the line does tend to move quickly and it is DEFINITELY worth it. Try to miss the lunch rush. We went at lunch time and waited about 15 minutes. But when we left there was no line at all. This is a must eat in Montreal. We were only in Montreal for two days and we had ate here twice. You won't be disappointed.
5	love it.i wouldn't compare this to katz in new york. just different. and both places deserve to stand on their own.i suggest the to go line because the sit in line was just stupid.sandwich looks small when you take it out of the bag but basically becomes a meat bloom when unwrapped.medium fat was just perfect.
5	Yum yum yum! The sandwich here was SO delicious we got it again as take out on our way out of town. I'd skip the fries (which are fine, but nothing particularly special) and save room to savor the meat and the pickles!
5	Holy cow.  This place is awesome.  Authentic NY jewish food and the same charm also.  Smoked meat is so good!  Fresh rye, pickles, coleslaw...doesn't get any better. Don't miss it!
4	I'm not sure which I liked better: the sandwich or the garlic pickle. Schwartz's is truly the definition of deliciousness on a plate.
1	I was all worked up for this so called fantastic smoked meat sandwich and my son and I went and tried it we were deeply disappointed. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich and cherry cola and I asked does a pickle come with it and he said oh yes of course. The sandwich was terrible and I have had better at dunns or your neighborhood restaurant and then I got the bill for this disapointment and it was a whopping 22.00 dollars never again will I go there waste of money and time.
5	We went here with the French side of the family after a decidedly touristy afternoon. There was a short line, but the 5 of us got in quickly, and were seated immediately. Our waiter was a quirky but funny older fellow who was full of jokes and great recommendations. The hubs and I were going to share a sandwich, but our waiter told us that one of us would probably starve if we did so. He was right, the sandwiches look big in the photos, but are more suited for one person instead of two. We also ordered the fries and the cherry soda everyone raves about. I was pleasantly surprised!! Normally when I order smoked meat like pastrami or corned beef, it has too much peppercorn flavor or is too salty. This was NOT a problem here! The meat was tender, tasty, juicy and perfect. You can even decide how much fat you want! I was so hungry that I devoured the meal in less than 20 minutes. That is a record for me because I like my meals to be nice and slow. Good company, good food, and good prices makes this place 5/5 stars!
5	Legendary Jewish deli up on the famous St-Laurent Boulevard.  Personally, this is my favorite Jewish deli in the world.  Schwartz's smoked meat sandwiches blows NYC Katz's deli pastrami sandwiches out the water, AND at a fraction of the price.  I got into a heated debate about this with one of my best friends from Brooklyn.  Finally, a popular chef and Gourmet Mag writer from NYC chimed in and declared Schwartz's as the undisputed winner! http://www.gourmet.com/restaurants/2009/03/smoked-meat-versus-pastramiSchwartz's has a deep and storied history in the city of Montreal and has been around since the early 20th century. It is an iconic establishment and has seen visits from world famous dignitaries and celebrities.  Bottom line, this is where you go to get a solid smoked meat sandwich at a blue-collar price.  Lean or fat are your two options. Gets no better than that!
5	Legendary smoke meat and at a affordable price, and amazing service, you haven't come to Montreal until you have tried schwartz's
5	When I am visiting a city I have never been before, I try to make a list of places to check out as well local eats in advance. However, thanks to NYC, I generally leave thinking that I have had better ones. This place was an exception.Don't be scared of the line outside. Unless you are a party of 4+, the average wait is 1.25 minutes per person ahead of you (yes, I am an engineer), and you won't regret waiting. Also the service is pretty fast inside.You don't need to get all the extra things the servers are trying to make you have. Just get the smoked beef sandwich for a great experience.
5	Huge fan.It was my first time eating at Schwartz and was surprised to see a long waiting line. So don't expect to find a place right away to seat. Although, if it's sunny and beautiful, you can always take it to go (way faster, no waiting line if any, it is minimal) and do a takeout picnic!Price is very affordable.The smoked meat is delicious! Don't forget to get yourself a marinated pickle! It really goes well together with the smoked meat sandwich.
4	I never knew that Montreal had an old Jewish neighborhood around Snowden until my friend reminded me that he lived there as a kid and grew up with Schwartz's and another place called, Pumpernik's (now departed). He wanted to be sure I went and "kvelled" over a pastrami (smoked meat?) sandwich. While not an aficionado of most Jewish Deli despite my pedigree, I happily obliged him.I understand why so many feel the urge to compare Schwartz's to Katz's in Manhattan, however, there is really no need because they are very different is scope and nationality.  Where Katz's gives a broad menu of many J Deli's most famous hits, Schwartz's has a much more limited menu that focuses primarily on their meat sandwiches.  They both have a ton of ethnic atmosphere, and for the People, it feels great to connect with another part of the lost tribes.  Otherwise, the food itself is excellently prepared with an almost Biblical recipe, and is quite tasty.  Certainly worth a trip if you are in Montreal and enjoy fat sandwiches. Otherwise, most North American cities have at least one old Jewish Deli that can satisfy your craving for smoked beef on rye.  Schwartz's up in Montreal is on that short list of great pastrami houses (Maison de Pastrami). Sooner of later, someone will put together a Yelp List of great P'rami joints and this one will be in the top 3.
5	If you're through Montreal, you must make a stop here. The best smoked meat sandwiches for a great price! As mentioned, the lineup is usually quite long, but you can do the takeout line which is much quicker and find somewhere else to eat. Be careful when eating, however, as in your moments of enjoying the amazing sandwich, you may be dripping mustard all over the place.
5	I have heard a lot before arriving to this restaurant. The established smoked meat sandwiches since 1928 were too hard to resist not visiting during my trip to Montreal. When me and my family arrived, we were greeted with a long lineup of people. After waiting several minutes and watching an unemployed guy beg for money, we got a table sharing with two friendly elderly people. Me and my family all ordered the smoked meat sandwich dressed with mustard and pickles on the side. After they arrived, we all started digging in. The smoked meat was amazing. However, more smoked flavor would have made the dish perfect. The pickles were a nice side and served well with the sandwich (ordered separately). The service was quick and fast but also helpful. Schwartz exceeded some of my expectations. The smoke meat was great but I was expecting more with the smoked flavor. Also, the check (or bill) was very expensive, costing $46 for four people. I recommend this for people trying smoked meat for the first time. I will definitely return to Schwartz's.
5	Came back a year later because we were Jonesing for that sandwich. Still just as good maybe better then the last time. We got two sandwiches this time because I was not going to share. I remembered that I really liked the mustard they used so this time I bought my own bottle...and it was worth it. We also got an order of fries which were amazing as well. The owner/co-owner/wife of owner what have you was there and she helped things move along quite quickly. The price is very reasonable especially since we are from New York. I would put this up against Katz Deli or the Carnegie Deli Sam'mich any day and not only would it hold it's ground it would beat them. Katz and Carnegie both charge roughly $24 for one of their sandwiches but Schwartz though half the size is a bargain at $7... Schwartz, if you are reading this, that is not an invitation to jack up your prices. Stay humble and true....greed is a bitter taste.
5	worth the wait great sandwich made to order very quickly. get the pickle, try the frieswhy can't they open up in Fort Lauderdale fl
5	Smoked meat sandwich is so good here! Better than Main across the street. I always order a pickle and fries to compliment the sandwich. It's very popular and always crowded but service is good and fast. We're lucky we never had to wait on line out of 3 late night visits.
4	Omy was there a line!! Smoked meat was quite delicious, but I still don't understand the hype! I prolly wouldn't wait more than 15 mins in line for this place, but definitely give it a try. Twas a great late night dinner. (Thankfully, when my friends & I went, the fella asked if there were any parties of three in line, and as we were a party of three, he ushered us - and another group of three - into the place and sat us next to each other. No complaints for skipping the wait)! So~+ They seat you, you order, finish the meal, then pay up front.+ If you order smoked meat you get asked how much fatty meat you'd like (lean, medium, or real fatty). I got the medium but I may try the fatty if I get the chance to return.+ The yelp photos are pretty spot on.+ Smoked meat, coleslaw, & french fries were yummy.+ Quick efficient service with funny and conversant servers! + Small, tiny restaurant thats quite cozy. Love that the walls are filled with interesting stuffs and love the super casual atmosphere.
3	I can't say that I appreciated the crowded, dirty hyped up diner as much as all of the other people. The food wasn't particularly expensive and we had to share an already cramped table with some random strangers. It kind of reminded me of eating in China. Smoked meat was a-ok but the skinny sausage we tried was less than ok. All in all, I'm glad that the line moved faster than it looked and we were in and out within half an hour. I was starting to feel claustrophobic by that point. No thanks.
4	Stopped by this famous establishment last night. There was a sizeable line but if you go inside you can order to go. The guy behind the counter is pretty curt, it reminds me of the soup nazi from Seinfeld, but with a better sense of humor. My group all ordered the fries and the famous smoked sandwich. It's nowhere near as big as Katz's in NYC, but half the price. The meat was tasty and I enjoyed the bread. I wouldn't call it the best sandwich of my life but it's worth the trip to say you've been there.
5	This place speaks for itself.  If you havent heard of this place, where have you been.  I tried the hot peppers this time and they were amazing.
3	My smoked meat sandwich was a solid 3 stars.....it was good, but for my tastes it wasn't spiced nearly enough; and some of the meat was chewier than I like. Worth a try, sure, but if you're seeking out the mother of all smoked meat sandwiches, I'm sure you can find better in Montreal. (But if you do come here, the dark cherry pop is a must.)
4	Long wait for take-out an sit down. The fatty sandwich was really good. Kind of wish I asked for extra mustard but it was good without it too.
4	Both times I've eaten this famous stack has been at the takeout place next door (no lines). Not really sure if I've been missing something or not but the second time around it was much less enjoyable because the sandwich was sooo dry. That being said it had been on my mind ever since the first time I tried it years ago and for that it gets a 4. Probably the most sought after place in Montreal so it's got something going for it.
5	As a New Jersey native that frequents New York City delis, I have to say, Schwartz's rivals Katz's and 2nd Avenue Deli. I'm in Montreal with a friend for the weekend, and my father, a deli aficionado, begged me to visit this restaurant.After reading the reviews, we expected our lunchtime wait to be much longer than it was. We reached the front of the line relatively quickly, and were seated at a table with two couples. Both of us opted to order the smoked meat sandwich (in case you're wondering - that's pastrami) and sour pickles. It was some of the best pastrami I've ever had. The flavor and texture of the meat were perfect, and it had just the right amount of fat. The rye was flavorful. The pickle was hands down one of the best pickles I've ever eaten. We both left full and happy, and I'll definitely return if I'm ever in the area again.
5	Glad we did not wait in the line for a seat inside, because we had the best takeout order, two sandwiches topped with fires plus pickles. They were heaven.
3	It was a cloudy Sunday afternoon as we waited for the #55 bus. An elderly couple ahead of us were climbing aboard and the woman asked the driver "Are you going to Schwartzie's?" It was hilarious and adorable, because we imagined how many times a day the drivers get asked that question and because old people are cute. From that moment on, transit line 55 will always be known to us as The Schwartz Bus.It wasn't very long till we reached our stop and judging by the long line along the street, we'd have to wait quite a while for a table. Unfortunately, this was our last day in beautiful MTL, so time was of the essence. Luckily, they also have an even more casual takeout operation right next door. There was a line in there as well, but it was half the size. I really appreciated the small counter space with chairs in the back.Watching the flies buzz around and periodically land on the bread really turned me off. My girl was dying to try this place, so I didn't want to ruin the experience for her by pointing out just how grimy it looked inside. The walls are covered in various press clippings and celebrity autographed photos. Celine Dion seems to be the shop's favourite. Surely it has something to do with the fact that she's also part owner now. Joan Rivers (in all her natural beauty) is another celeb on the wall. Customers can also buy all kinds of tacky memorabilia like mugs, hats, and shirts. They even made a musical about this place! It's just a smoked meat sandwich people... chill out.Speaking of which, that's exactly what all the hype is about; two pieces of bread, a pile of meat, and some mustard for under $7. I enjoyed watching my little darling munch on her sammy more than anything else. She even picked up a hefty sealed bag of brisket for $40 to share with her colleagues at work. My overall impression is it's good, but nothing special. I personally love Caplansky's back home, because they kick it old shul and the food is In-Zane to the membrane. Special shout out to Thunderin' Thelma.
3	Yes, the "smoked meat" is good here, and a huge portion, but maybe not the "best" pastrami I've ever had. What I don't get is the hype though... I suppose if you're just dying to eat in a tiny, cramped, historic, but grimy diner, elbow to elbow with people you don't know, this is your place.Our not-so-friendly server looked and acted like a heroin addict, complete with unbuttoned shirt, greasy unwashed hair, and sweat pouring off him. A couple of the other servers looked similar, so I have to question if some of that lack of hygiene is getting into the food. One server told me the owners had paid $10 million for the place when they bought it from Celine Dion's husband... Guess they didn't have any money left over for cleaning or renovationsFor me, it's really not worth waiting in line for this. Take-out is the way to go here... 2 star place + 1 extra star for the meat
4	Good attempt at NYC style deli pastrami. Save the time and get take-out. PS Yellow mustard?? That's NOT NY style.
5	May the Schwartz be with you....Thursday @ 2pm: No waitSaturday @ 1:40pm (in the rain): 45 minute waitAll you need to get is:- 1 Fatty Smoked Meat Sandwich (it comes in lean, medium, & fatty)- 1 Cole Slaw- 1 PickleThe ambiance is no frills, but the food will have you shaking your head yes on each bite. The smoked meat had the perfect amount of fat (there were no grisly pieces) and you will be tempted to order another one to share.  We tried the medium version after the fatty and we could tell the difference (fatty is king).  The cole slaw was tossed in vinegar (instead of mayo) and was the perfect side item.  Schwartz will definitely be a mandatory stop the next time I'm back in Montreal.
5	Just recently had some of their smoked meat, and its was incredibly good. My friend had been to Montreal on the weekend and brought some back for me. Even though it was cold and had to be reheated, it was delicious! I can't even begin to fathom what it would taste like if it was fresh and hot...This is a must visit!
3	This is a review for the takeout section.I recently visited Schwatz's for the first time in over 8 years and opted to skip the line by visiting their takeout operation connected to the main deli. The takeout place has bar-style seating at the back, so in theory this is a decent option if you don't need a table or service.The takeout prices seem to be the same, and I won't complain about them because they're fairly reasonable (though the cherry soda seems a bit expensive).I ordered a fatty sandwich, fries, and a black-cherry soda. The fries aren't bad, and seem to be fairly typical Montreal fries: dark, fairly crispy, and quite short with lots of fragmentary bits.The real letdown was the sandwich. The flavour was there, but it was deeply compromised nevertheless. Unlike previous times I've been to the sit-down portion, the smoked meat wasn't actually sliced: instead, it was chopped up and combined in order to get the desired fat profile. Although I couldn't see the grill, there were obviously pieces/slices of meat laying on the grill, and when a customer ordered you could hear the cook chopping the meat together in order to get the right mix. This meant that some of the meat had been laying there for a while, and some of the individual pieces/fragments (which were pea-sized) were dry and almost seared. Fresh cut slices of smoked meat this was not. Disappointing.In contrast, if your order meat by the pound at the takeout counter you will get fresh-cut slices.
5	If you are ever in Montreal you have come here for a smoked meat sandwich. Smoked meat is Montreal's version of pastrami and it is amazing, so tender and flavorful w/ a smear of their hot mustard. We planned to split a sandwich to save room to grab a small bite somewhere else but after the smells got to us we each got a sandwich & split a side of fries w/ a pickle. It was more than enough to fill us up. We will be back again during our annual trip to visit friends.
4	so... basically if you -must- try schwartz's (and you probably should if you're a tourist) get there when they open. there aren't enough seats or enough shelter so you'll be standing in the rain, the cold, and whatever weather montreal has to offer. (that's all, right?) we walked right by it and kept on going because we weren't "hungry" yet... i could have made myself eat if i knew coming back 45 minutes later meant waiting 45 minutes on top of that.the good thing about standing in line is that i had the opportunity to listen to a native talk to other natives that had never been there about what to order. here's what we got: smoked meat plate, fries, pickles, and cott cherry soda. here's what i learned. SMOKED MEAT. do not get the smoked meat plate for two people. three people, that would work. for two, it's a lot and getting individual sandwiches is CHEAPER. they serve fresh sliced bread with it. FRIES. do not get the fries. if you think you can knock out to local food groups (poutine) keep looking. they don't have it here. save the room for the meat plate you just ordered despite my recommendation.PICKLES. definitely get a pickle but be warned, it's a la carte and not cheap. SODA. definitely get the cott cherry soda. there's something about it that enhances everything else.that is all. eat up.
5	It's all about the smoked beef.  Growing up in New York City the vibe reminds me of home.  It is a Montreal twist to a NYC style corn beef or pastrami sandwich with mustard, pickles, and cole slaw.  You need to pay with cash and it's not cheap, but not overpriced for what you get.
5	Schwartz's take out is right next door to the sit down deli. Awesome hot beef brisket. You can ask for leaner cuts although they'll  try to convince you that the fattier cuts are better. It's actually true.. the fattier cuts do taste better. A little salty for people with low salt tolerance but there're ways to fix that.  Nice people. Visited on Nov 12 2013.
5	This is the best smoked meat sandwich in Montreal, albeit I only ate at 3 different establishments in my weekend in Montreal.  The sandwich here was noticeably better, the meat was not only juicy but flavorful, you can taste the essence and not just the meat.I have being told that this place always has a line, the combination of time honored restaurant, small establishment and yummy sandwich tends to do it.  There is a place to the left that does their to-go and catering orders, so if you are ok with sitting on a stoop and eating your sandwich that one will save you the wait.
5	Holy f@$k do they have a wicked smoked meat sandwich! Best I've ever had!Coleslaw side went perfect with all that meat. Top it off with a cherry cola and you're good to go. Service is great and friendly with entertaining banter! Character to the max. All sorts of people stuffed together in this little dinner looking place simultaneously chowing down on smoked meat. If you could eat only one meal in Montreal this is the place! Pretty sure this is Montreal smoked meat heaven!
4	Get a smoked meat sandwich and a black cherry soda. You will leave happy.
3	Ok... I am born in raised in Montreal, now living in Toronto. So I am truly  Montreal-er at heart. Now, yes I know this is a must-go-to for visitors, it's historical! You can't NOT pass by Schwartz's if you are in Montreal, it just wouldn't be right...However, I have to say that I have eaten my share of smoked meat, and will give the honest opinion that Schwartz's does NOT have the best smoked meat in town.I give the smoked meat a 3...maybe a 3.5 on 5. So, you get there and yes, usually there is a line up, sometimes just to the front door, sometimes down the street, I have apparently been quite lucky, never seeing a line-up when I go..You step inside and notice how small and 'homey'? the place is... if you are three or less people you will most likely be sitting with other random bodies who are also embarking on this piece of Montreal tradition.Plastered all over the walls are newspaper clippings, reviews, photos and other miscellaneous memorabilia claiming the fame of Schwartz's.I usually order a smoked meat sandwich and a pickle on the side, because what goes with a smoked meat sandwich like PB&J other than a pickle!Unfortunately I find the bread to be quite dry and hard... so maybe I could recommend just ordering  a platter?I would say maybe 50% of the time the meat I get served is pretty good, and the other 50% it's on the old/dry side... maybe it just isn't busy and dries out? I couldn't say...But, the staff is always on point there, no matter how busy it is, you'll order in good time and get your food in even better time!It is definitely a place you must go to once in your life! But when you've been there already I would recommend venturing to some of Montreal's other smoked meat joints, they might not have all the years Schwartz's has... but they know what they're doing! ;-)
4	My family grew up in Montreal, so I imagine I've been to Schwartz's way back in the day.  Before I was an adult.I found myself in Montreal on Thanksgiving (the American one) and figured what better way to celebrate then to get a smoked meat sandwich.  Arrived at around 8pm and grabbed a seat at the bar.  The guy working took my order and suggested a black cherry soda.  I told him no thanks, but he wasn't paying attention and promptly brought me one and poured it for me.  There goes your tip, man.Sandwich was pretty good, and reasonably priced at $6.65.  (The unrequested soda was $2.10.) I'm not a huge smoked meat fan, but this is probably the best smoked meat sandwich I've had.  And this place is legendary, so how can you hate it?What's that?  Celene Dion is a part owner?  Fuck.
3	got the smoked meat sandwich...it was pretty good but i'm not sure it justifies the half hour wait in the below freezing cold (on a saturday)also, i don't see the big deal with the cherry cola?!FYI passed by on a weekday and there was no line.
5	Reading through these comments and I realize some people have it all wrong. It is smoked meat which is beef not pastrami, the sandwiches are half a pound of meat on 2 pieces of rye bread and some mustard. The traditional sandwich is medium, so if you are ordering a lean sandwich expect it to be dry. It is a deli not a gourmet restaurant so don't criticize the environment. P.S. It is the best smoked meat sandwich
5	Holy smokes! I was just in Montreal with my cousin and some friends and was introduced to Schwartz's deli. I was blown away! I ordered the smoked meat sandwich medium. (The medium refers to the amount of fat on the beef I presume. I was told it's the only way to do it.) The sandwich is a half pound of smoked beef on rye bread with yellow mustard. My goodness, it's AMAZING! The fries were also very very good! I would come for the fries also! I went to another place before I left town that was offering a "smoked meat" sandwich. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY IMPOSTERS! Schwartz's makes the sandwich you want! P.S. It's cash only.
5	Why isn't there a Schwartz's located in New York City?But I digress...If you are EVER in Montreal and do NOT pass by Shwartz's deli then you my friend are missing out. I personally am not a fan of pastrami or anything like that, but I knew I wanted to try Montreal's famous smoked meat while I was in town. When you first walk in this looks like your typical meat shop/deli all wrapped into one. I ordered the smoke meat poutine from a rather friendly/sarcastic guy behind the counter. They didn't have small to go containers so he offered the larger container and actually filled the entire thing for me and my friend (who ordered the same) at no additional charge. This had to be the best poutine I had by far while I was in Montreal.Don't know what poutine is? Well picture this: french fries (at the bottom), gravy, cheese curds, and a myriad of Montreal's famous smoked meat. This is a popular Canadian dish and you should not leave Canada without having tried it.  Towards the back of the establishment there is limited seating for patrons. However, they have a bulletin board with newspaper clippings, photos, and notes from patrons. It was amazing to see how many people have come to Shwartz's from all over the world. Trust me when I say all those people weren't lying when they named Shwartz's the best deli in all of Montreal.Tip: They accept credit cards, but there is a minimum in place.
4	Went for lunch today...no wait and quick service.. This was my first time eating a smoked meat sandwich and it was delicious, juicy, tender. Tried the coleslaw and was not disappointed.
5	No fewer than four people in New Orleans and other far-flung places recommended--nay, pretty much *required*, as the basis for continued friendship--that we include a stop at Schwartz's on a whirlwind visit to see our son at McGill.  We did, and we understand.  You go for the "smoked meat", the deceptively generic-sounding menu mainstay. (There are other items, such as turkey, salami, and chicken, but we'll leave those for another visit).  The smoked meat comes in three degrees of fattiness. Sorry to have to shorten your lifespans, but stick to the medium and fatty.  Schwarz's sandwich is a simple presentation of bread with a swipe of mustard.  The lean would work on a more complex sandwich, but in this presentation it's flavorless.  I worried that the the fatty would arrive with chunks of free-standing fat, but it doesn't.  There is simply more of the flavor-bearing fat elixir in the meat pile.  Go for the fatty and don't look back.  Just walk an extra, oh, ten miles or so after you eat.  The pickles and cole slaw are outstanding, to the extent that this place would be in four or five star territory even if the meat was store-bought bologna.  The sour and dill pickles and the zesty, non-mayonnaisey slaw drew multiple "best I've ever had" comments from our dining party.  Vegetarians might want to stop here just for those two dishes, even if it might be a bit awkward explaining the order to the waiter.
5	The meat is very fresh. We lined up outside for around 20 minutes at over 8pm. It is worth the lineup though. We ordered the combo and the large plate. The combo is of greater value in my mind(with rib and smoked meat together)
4	First order of business upon reaching Montreal.Got 1 fatty, 1 regular smoked meat sandwich + fries.My advice: just get the fatty sandwich. No point getting to Schwartz's and not going all out, fat is flavour! Also, would skip the fries, while they were good, save your appetite for the enormous sandwich!
5	Been there multiple times, simple and delicious!A Montreal Must.
4	Visits: 1stRating: 4.5*Service: very informative, nice & helpfulTheir signature sandwich, Smoked Meat, is delicious. I love how you can choose the level of lean meat in your sandwich. This is a great option for different tastes buds that like the fatty flavor & those that want to eat a little healthier with a leaner cut. Awesome option! There's actually 3 levels from lean, to some fattiness & extra fatty. You can't go wrong with the Smoked Meat Sandwich. Deelish!
3	This world famous deli has been a staple in the 514 for a very long time, and is no question one of the great prides in the hearts of my beautiful Montreal-ites. Such accolades of course result in grossly long lines at all times of the day.  I just wish I had a better taste experience from my visit.Of course, I went for the classic smoked meat sandwich with mustard on (i think) rye. It was good, but not outstanding. I actually found the meat to be a bit on the dry side. Maybe it was because of my pre-conceived notion that it'd be juicier, much like a pastrami sandwich. Not the case in my experience, but I'll be sure to give them another visit when its warm enough to stand in line for 30 minutes to an hour, which probably means mid July. *Beantowns Finest*
5	What can I add that hasn't already been said before?When someone mentions Montreal smoked meat, this is the first place to go to but I forewarn you, the bar will be set pretty high.There are other decent places for Montreal smoked meat in Montreal but this place is tops.Just be prepared for lineups if you're going during peak meal times.
4	Steve is the best server!  We ordered a pickle and two smoked meat sandwiches.  Since we were New Yorkers, we had to compare their smoked meat to Katz's deli, and I have to admit Schwartz's is better.  We ordered a half-pound for a train ride home the next day, and Steve hooked it up. Order lean. The table next to us ordered a steak that looked great and some smoked meat.This place is great. A must try.
4	I went to Schwartz's a couple years ago and it was a fantastic experience to have the original Montreal smoked meat sandwich. The food was absolutely fantastic, everything I imagined that it would be. The sides were perfect matches, and the meat was true to its roots the very definition of smoked meat. The biggest downside were lines were insanely long (almost an hour wait) and the service was rushed.
2	So, this place used to be my smoke meat HAVEN! And then.....I went today, for my  fat day...and, i was disappointed. What happened? The meat was soo dry...I asked for a medium sammy and there was an insane amount of fat, not that it was bad, but it wasn't to my liking. Very bland and wanting salt...I couldn't tell the waiters it was bad...they are the sweetest bunch you will ever meet, but it's sad that Schwartz's has come to this. Celine Dion don't know good smoked meat, and now I'm farting up a storm. I guess tourists would like it, but IF YOU'VE HAD IT...LIKE HAD IT....U KNOW IT AIN'T GOOD NO MO...NO MO FO SHO.
4	Ordered two smoked meat sandwiches, poutine, and 1 lb of smoked meat, all to go. Ordered "medium" for the meat. I found the poutine just okay, but the smoked meat was just delicious! Definitely worth the stop. The takeout counter is actually a separate entrance and separate storefront than the diner, just next door. Friendly service - will come again.
3	I've lived in Montreal most of my life and always heard great things about Schwartz's but never felt compelled to try... Well I'm glad it finally happened although I still wonder what the hype is all about.Something about meat, mustard and bread sounds really mediocre and boring to me. Maybe I'm just not a smoked meat kind of person. I've had it just a few times and quite prefer it elsewhere.. coughDunnscough.It was good, but not worth coming back when there are line ups or worth the hassle of taking cash out when I'm used to dealing with businesses that accept plastic.
3	Katz spoiled me. Also my toes almost froze off waiting outside for about an hour.Decor/Ambiance 3.5/5- This place sure has true delicatessen feel to it. Big chunks of meat are visible from the outside. The inside sits a limited amount of people (hence the wait. Don't come on the weekend to dine in, or at least order out). It felt a bit cramped.Service- 5/5- Food came out super fast as soon as we sat and ordered. Despite how busy it was, the guys were efficient and eager to take second orders/ modifications.Food- 2/5- Being from New York, Katz has set the bar ridiculously high for smoked meat sandwiches. Schwartz doesn't come close. This is not to say that its smoked meat sandwich is bad; it is decent. But decent is simply that- just decent. Also the black cherry coke was average. It doesn't help that this place is so hyped up- my expectations were too high. Bottom line- may be worth a tourist visit in the middle of  a weekday.
5	Note: I am not from Montreal, I have only been here once, so understand that my only qualifications are that a) I'm from New York and b) I love sandwiches.So, Schwartz's. Not gourmet. Not fancy. You will wait on line to get in, and then you will share a table with strangers. There is a limited menu. It's fine: there are not that many choices to make, because chances are that you want a smoked meat sandwich. It comes on rye with mustard by default. You should also get pickles and cole slaw, and fries if you feel like somehow you're still low on calories.It's a damn fine sandwich. Eat it. Leave happy. Done.
5	Do you ever have one of those experiences that makes you think to yourself "ok, I can die now, I _____ _____ __ _____." That was the thought that entered my head right after I took my first bite, temporarily lost consciousness due to explicit euphoric state, then came back to. And as my dear friend Arc P put it in his review below, "Holy f@$k do they have a wicked smoked meat sandwich!", yes, yes they do! If you travel to Montreal and do not take the time to stand in line at Schwartz's, well, consider your entire trip a failure! I'm serious; these sinfully good sandwiches are like a trip to Disneyland for your tastebuds. And for the love of all that is holy, order an extra pickle! Meat Fantastique!
4	After fighting traffic and circling the block around three times we finally found a spot and made it into Schwartz's for one of their signature sandwiches and it was not a disappointment. The next time I am just going to take the Metro and save myself the pain of parking.  I first visited there back in the 80's and have been back every time I visit Montreal. This is a meat lovers dream and I have yet to find a place like it in Massachusetts. Maybe that's a good thing..  The sandwiches are packed with their tender savory smoked meat and I generally don't mess around with the sides like the french fries. I can get those anywhere but the steak and smoked meat are just great.  You have to be ready to take you time and go through the menu and deal with the crowd because it's always busy. TIP: get the coleslaw and pickle with your sandwich...!
4	Gotta trust the hype when you see 500+ reviews on this place. When you walk in, you'll see the wall plastered with praises and even a musical based on this deli and its smoked meat. A musical?? Yeah.The place was packed on 3 PM on a Friday afternoon, and luckily we were seated right away. As the waiter came around to take our order, my boyfriend was originally planning to order the pastrami sandwich, before the waiter suggested the smoked meat was the one to try. His exact words? "After you try our smoked meat sandwich, you won't even want to eat pastrami ever again."Was that true? Not exactly.....don't get me wrong, the smoked meat was bommmmb. It was so good, I finished the whole thing and that never happens to me and my small appetite. But some parts of the meat were dry, and I did have to force down a few gulps with water. But it's pretty damn impressive, considering they were able to render such juicy slices of meat just by smoking it. I would definitely recommend this place as a place to experience in Montreal, from its old-school atmosphere (complete with ample counter seating) to its variety of deli sandwiches and meat by the pound. This place takes American cash, which is always a plus, and you pay at the counter in front. Happy grubbing!
4	So much hype,  is it worth it? I've gotten smoked meat from Schartz from friends when they came back from Montreal, always froze them and then take them out when I want to eat it by steaming it and putting it onto a toasted bagel. Really good. But since I came all the way to Montreal, decided to try a fresh made smoked meat sandwhich. It was really good and very full. Tons of meat packed in, perfectly flavored and juicy. Took another lb of meat home with me. A lb is under $14 and I think it's totally worth it. A nice treat to have once in a while.
3	Didn't expect to find a Kosher Deli in a hipster neighborhood of Montreal. It looked Proper (um...Kosher), and it was ger-jammed with noshers. It's kind of community seating, and you'd think you were on the Lower East side of NYC, save for the French being spoken.I was hit with a stern disappointment as we were seated. They had 86'd the Half-Sour Pickled for the night. Ran Out!. DAMN! The remaining Dills were of fine quality.The big macher here is something called "Smoked Meat", which is basically what we know as "Corned Beef" here in the states. A little coarser in texture, but very tasty.Schwartz's is very famous for their French Fries (Frites) which look like fresh cut spuds-they have that brown on brown slightly soggy character. Not typical frites as you would get in a bistro, but closer to the fries you get in a lot of Chicago HotDog stands. For some, these are quintessential eating, alas not for me. I'm not a big French Fry fan, soggy or not.In the long run, it was a good Deli, not a great deli. The Carnegie, this isn't. If this place was in New york, it would be run-of-the mill. For Montreal, it was fine.
5	Unbeatable smoked meat.  An absolutely necessary stop during any Montreal trip. The medium fat is so juicy and delicious. And if you're feeling guilty, the lean is really tasty too. The meat speaks for itself and doesn't need much more other than mustard and rye bread (or just eat it by the forkful). Easily better than any fake Montreal smoked meat places (outside of Montreal) and beats all the Montreal places too.
4	When you think about Smoked Meat Sandwiches, you think Schwartz's. But then you  think long lineups, Meh ambiance & a loud dining area where everything smells like Smoked Meat. That said, Schwartz's makes the best Smoked Meat sandwiches No question about it. A pound of smoked meat stacked in between rye bread with a dash of mustard. What's not to like about it. You have an option of askin for lean meat. But leaner the meat, less juicer it is, not to mention less tasty. Also get the pickle. This is a cash only establishment so make sure you are carrying cash. They do have an ATM in the back (But you end up paying 2.50 for a transaction)Food -  GreatService - OkAmbiance - What you talkin bout WillisWorth the money - AwwwwwYeaaaaahhhh
5	Great sandwiches sometimes there is the longest line I have ever seen, just for a sandwich.  It's worth it, I guess if you are from out of town, but it's boring to stand in a line alone, so bring someone to talk to so it's not so bad,  Also, instead of buying one, I buy 2.  Not because the portions being small, no they are big smoked meat sandwiches with lots of meat! It's just that they taste so good you will think about it later and wish you can taste it again, but then there is that super line.
5	WOW!!!! This place is definitely a must-try in Montreal. Succulent hot smoked meat sandwich on rye? Hand made fries, soda, and mac salad....about 7000 calories later I was still drooling. I want to go back here for sure! I've been to Kat'z in NYC and this place is equally as amazing at a fraction of the price. Also- go to the take out side if you're a small group- they also accept card on that side. :-B  Go here. Now!!
4	really tasty food, cheap, it's as good as people say. the only thing is that it's crowded and you will have to share a table with strangers, they don't let a single seat go to waste, and as soon as you're done eating they politely kick you out, but they kind of have to otherwise the lineup would be 5 hours long
1	sandwiches are OK,  just OK. mass delusional hype is the only explanation. sides were not worth it at all. skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the "experience", what experience that is I have yet to figure out
4	classic, if you like smoke meat, this is the place to go!
5	Is it the greasy floors or the overwhelming smell or the incredible foods? It is hard to tell what makes this place such a "must-visit" destination in Montreal. Come for the smoked meats and stay for the eccentric clientele on Sunday mornings :) It is a one trick pony but a very good one at that.
5	Lots of hype and expectation but it lived up!Great smoked meat and the meat seems to melt in your mouth.We got a plate of the smoked meat which is served with just slices of bread, and then its a DIY sandwich with bread, meat, mustard.Mmm... ive been going around the city but i wanna come back here one more time before i leave!
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  The ambiance is unique.  The food is classic. I hope this place never changes.  Totally worth this 5 hour drive to Montreal for schwartz.  Please expand to toronto!
4	Smoked meat is an interesting thing. It's corned beef that is smoked with a montreal steak rub. The food is good if you just want a meat sandwich with not a lot of fan-fair. They're known for making this smoked meat, and while it is good, it isn't something truly unforgettable. They give you a choice of lean, medium, and fatty brisket; which I like. I usually get the fatty brisket because I'm thin and in relatively good health. Once you've tried this place, you can branch out and try some of the adaptations to the recipe (smoked meat on mushroom toast, smoked meat on poutin, etc.). Much better than Katz deli in NY. But, then again: what isn't?
4	This is a Montreal institution, and an essential part of the Montreal experience. Do come here, sit at the counter and order a smoked meat sandwich (medium of course) with a cherry cola. Look around at the crowded tiny space, and soak in the atmosphere. Once you have gone once, and have experienced the great smoked meat, and the overall craziness that is the Schwartz experience, I would suggest sticking to the Main across the street for equally good smoked meat, and booths where you can sit and relax without bumping elbows. Also beer.
1	I was really disappointed. Came in late one night to try the famous blah blah blah and instead left with my friend insulted and feeling pressured into giving a big tip for (pretty slow) counter service!The smoked meat sandwich was bland. Just a big pile of bland and old meat, which had clearly been reheated and was now dry and stringy. The fries were, actually, pretty good. The cherry soda, also pretty good in combination with the other things. But in the end it was not worth it.The uncomfortable part started when we sat down and the guy behind the counter asked us where we were from. My friend is from Vietnam, and once the counter guy heard that he started going off on how "I bet you're from south Vietnam" and talking about how he knows the whole story, and basically recounting a poor History Channel summary of the Vietnam War from some documentary he watched. Thanks, but my friend already knows. Then he mentioned something about Asians taking jobs, and wouldn't stop talking about Vietnam until I completely changed the subject.While we were waiting for the check I hear one of the guys brag about how he just scammed the guy sitting next to us out of 10 dollars by saying he "didn't have any change" and then he pressured us into giving him a higher tip too. We just wanted to leave at that point.Yeah the fries were good but maybe go somewhere else where you can get a sandwich that tastes good as well, without the other sh*t.
4	I love this place!! Fatty smoked meat, mustard on rye with pickle. Yum. Meat melts in your mouth. Bought it home to PA and it reheated (steam) amazingly well. So delicious as my mouth waters!
5	I didn't even realize it was possible for brisket to be this tender. I got the famous smoked meat sandwich with fat, and it was the best meat sandwich I've ever had. The texture of the meat was so soft and rich that I had no idea how the employees were able to slice it without it completely falling apart. The price is very reasonable, and the overall look of the place, pricing, and menu seems to reflect the place sticking to its roots and continuing to do what it does best, while remaining accessible to anyone.
5	I'm from Los Angeles where we have our share of world-class Jewish delis: Brent's and Canter's can rival just about anyone. Meanwhile, we don't have the around the corner, long lines that Schwartz's has, possibly because the above locations are much larger. Even with the massive hype Schwartz's gets via TV, social media, etc, it's not overblown. The smoked meat (or corned beef as many of us call it) it that good. It belongs amongst the best in North America, almost as good as Katz in NYC and at par with Harold's in Jersey, Caplansky's in Toronto and way better than Dunn's. Coming to Schwartz's isn't normally a quick stop. There always seems to be a crowd here. Patience is a must and if you are big into delis it's worth the wait, even though sometimes it's well over an hour. Think of it as an adventure and enjoy it. You'll be telling your friends and family about this experience at some point. And, unless you have a party of four don't expect your own table. They'll slap you at the same table with two others and there's nothing you can do about it. Keep in mind, this place doesn't have a dynamic menu. They focus on what they do well, smoked meat. And, if you come expecting that you'll be wowed during each bite. The tender, lean, juicy meat is unforgetabble.
5	This place rocks. Smoked meat sandwich is incredibly good. Wow good to be honest.  I'd skip the fries next time though.  They were a bit soggy.  Don't let the line scare you. This is a must while in Montreal.
5	I don't get the people who underrate Schwartz any lower than 5 stars. The place is supposed to be everything that you're experiencing there:-the sitting area is bustling, smells of food and loud-service isn't the same as in any other restaurant. expect a little "attitude", but in a good way-the guys behind the counter are great-they get so many tourists so it makes sense that they may be expedient, especially at the cash register.Places like Schwartz keep Montreal special and unique. Katz deli in NYC is twice the price and 2/3 of the taste.
4	Was at this place over the long Easter wknd 2014.  Place was already packed at 10am on a Sunday. Didn't get a chance to check in... and new back in TO and it will not allow me to.  LolWalked in and asked for a hot corn beef sandwich to go... it was ready in 2 minutes.   The sandwich was delicious.  But they not get a chance to sit in or order anything else.   No pickles or fries :(Sandwich was a bit small but very good.   Cost of sandwich was $8.90.  Well definitely order 2 next time... lolAfter the sandwich, went next door to pick up 2 packs of meat to go.  Have not tried it yet... but don't think it will taste as good as eating there.
4	Went on the holiday weekend and the lineup  was going down the street.  We opted for take out instead of waiting for a seat.  They had all the fixings we needed to make our own sandwiches so we went that route.  We'll be back!
5	If you like meat, then come here!!! You get so much meat in one sandwich that the meat is falling out left and right every bite you make!Also the staff there are super nice!! Great place, especially for the price!
4	Good smoked meat. Better seasoning than the others I tried while in MTL but a little fatty for my tastes. For those who don't mind a little fat this will likely be a five for you. Went during the day on a Sunday on our way back to Toronto and the take out was not too busy which was a pleasant surprise based on reviews. The fact that this place is cheaper than T.O spots like Caplansky's makes no sense but I'll take it. Definitely worth a try
5	So so so yummy! I want to stand up and clap hands for the famous long-history smoked beef sandwich!! The meat is tender and soft
5	One of those rare occasions in life where something so highly rated not only lives up to the reputation but actually exceeds it.I'm serious about my my stacked sandweeches, and this place is the benchmark. For such a crazy busy place, the staff is actually super friendly and helpful. Go here now.
2	Ummm... I assume majority of these yelpers have never been to Katz deli in NYC. That place is set up very similar but 6 times as big with longer lines... Maybe the yelpers hyped it up. I was very disappointed. My boyfriend wanted to order 2 sandwiches and we're glad we ordered only 1 after taken the first bite. The meat was DRY even though it was fatty. The meat didn't melt in your mouth like others described. I thought the $7.95 was cheap for a "famous" sandwich of Montreal. Yes, the cherry coke, fries and 1/2 sour pickle does go well but the sandwich itself failed!!!If you like this place, please try Katz. It's about $17 for a sandwich but it's well worth it. The taste and texture is so much better!
4	Oh how I missed this place since the last time I came.  This place gets busy quickly and lineups are down the sidewalk.  The smoked meat is amazing especially with the mustard.  Remember to down it with a cherry cola. Yummy. Till next time
4	Every time I visit Montreal I always make it a point to get a smoke meat sandwich here.  Still under $10 gets you a good sandwich was a good amount of meat.  And you can ask them to cut the meat just the way you like.
4	I am from NY. Well, I am from NJ, and work in NY. This is based on that.I like this place. The place is solid. It's a sort of hole in the wall full of tourists that are heeding the advice that "you must go here." Andy wanted me to try it, as she lived in Montreal for many years. She did not say that I must try it. But we were close, and it's kind of a well-known establishment in Montreal. So we went in. The place is old school, for sure. The vibe is totally New York, which I like. People are piled in at tables and slamming down millions of calories of food in a very blue collar setting. Totally enjoy the vibe of the place. We were squeezed in where they could fit us. People watching was ok, though it's a small joint and reading the stuff on the walls was just as entertaining. We got a sandwich. For me, this is pastrami from a Jewish deli. I know, I know. Everyone is going to say that no, it's different. To me, it tasted more or less the same as a real good pastrami. It's good, it's tasty, gooey, fatty, succulent, etc etc. I am not a big enough red meat fan to say that you absolutely must go here. It was good, the sandwich was good, the experience was good. But I think the hype is a little bit much. I read some of the reviews here and think that some people are out of their minds. Well, I guess I know that some people are out of their minds based on much more than that. But you get the point. If you are from the NY area and have eaten pastrami & corned beef all your life, don't go here. You will wonder what the fuss is all about. If that does not describe you, then you should go for it. It will be a really good, reasonably priced, down-to-earth eating experience that you will enjoy for sure. Unless you're a vegetarian. Then go to Fairmount Bagels instead.
5	If Schwartz was an institution, I'd sign myself in voluntarily every single day!What can I say about this place that most of you don't already know?  It's a jewel of Montreal, arguably the best smoked meat in all of Canada if not the east side of the continent!Line ups are abound year round, especially during the summer and long weekends.  Here's a tip: don't go in large groups, go as a couple or threesome, it allows you to skip the line faster.  The smoked meat here is delicious, absolute heaven to taste into.  When you order your sandwich, ask for fatty meat for the most flavour, also order a side of coleslaw, pickles and a cherry pop to complete your Schwartz experience.But most of all, say hello to the patrons you'll be nestled in tightly with in the communal tables.  On your way out, be sure to stop next door to get a pound, or two to go!  I always do!This place is a must visit for every single visitor to Montreal because nowhere else does smoked meat like they do!
5	I love this place. I live in Vancouver and have travelled across most of Canada and been to Deli's in New York and I've yet to taste anything like this. This is the best smoked meat sandwich in North America.
1	Restaurant is rundown and dirty - there were crushed fries on the floor, mustard bottle was oily.  Smoked meat (even the lean cut) is way too fatty and greasy, we left huge chunks of fat in our plates. Bread was soggy from all the grease. That place is all hype and no substance. Finally, they have a "cash only" policy so they can squeeze an extra percent or two of profit out of the system. Won't be going back.
4	It's a must go... if you haven't been to Katz. Solid smoked meat joint with a very devote following (our waiter got upset when my friend mentioned that the placed had changed hands- which it had) would've liked some russian dressing and surprised no spicy mustard!
5	Marvelous Chocolate was amazed & surprised. Short of a long line :-) you've got wonder ahead. Come hungry.
4	Sandwiches were great!!!! We've decided to buy more before going back to Torotno! However, soft drinks are 1/4 of the price of sandwiches, not worth it. Long line up uhhhh we waited 20 mins at almost 10pm
3	This is a well-known establishment that has lots of fans and lovers. I get it, I've been to really good delis and this is better than OK. But I don't understand the hype and lore. It's a pretty good deli but...The smoked meats are good and you need to order your cuts with fat in order to get a good sandwich. If you're in the neighborhood, check it out but I was a little disappointed.
4	extra fat is so amazing
3	A Montreal institution which I stumbled upon while walking around. I saw this huge line and regular patrons raved about this place...So we waited. It took about 45 min. Singles and tables for 2 were easier to get. I got the staple meat sandwich apparently medium was the way to have it prepared a black cherry soda and fries (tangy slaw and sour pickles-no half sours here). It is an old school place now owned by Celine Dion and the vibe is NY deli. The meat is smoked somewhere between corned beef and pastrami...but smoked. It was ok kind of dry and heavily smoked. I've had much better meat in many other deli's and there is no comparison to Katz's which is in a league all its own.  Also the sandwich comes with mustard without even asking which is not a problem for me just an FYI for you. I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to return and certainly not wait 45 minutes for a table again.
5	A well-known place and worth it to line-up.  Their smoke meat really tasty and different Would love to have it everyday but I dont want to gain 60lbs in 1 week. haha..
5	It's famous for a reason!I agree with everyone else. DEFINITEly get the smoked meat sandwich and at least get the medium cut. For me, it was the perfect amount of fat to go along with the meat. Enough that you get bites of the melt-in-your-mouth taste and texture but not so much that it overpowers everything else.
5	If you are in Montreal and you love meat and you have never been here, you have to go! This place is soo good. Smoked meat sandwich or medium plate mmmmm. Without a doubt best smoked meat in montreal. Sandwich is loaded with half a pound and it's so filling for only 7$. Can't beat that. Especially the taste. They only take cash tho!
5	This place definitely lives up to its reputation! TIPS: For a party of 2 or more, rather than ordering individual sandwiches, we noticed that locals actually order a plate of meat which comes with lots of bread on the side. Ever since, we also do the same. You get more for what you pay for, and you can also decide how much meat you want in each half, open-faced sandwiches you make. It is also more fun to share the meat plate together anyway!
5	I ordered the requisite smoked meat sandwich, fries, pickle and black cherry soda and wasn't disappointed.  Excellent in every way and under $20. Admittedly, there's probably a deli in your neighborhood that's just as good but that doesn't take away from Schwartz's greatness. Heads up:  Rather than wait in a line the size of Texas, you can instead enter the second door, pay upfront and carry your food to the rear counter.  It wasn't very clean back there but I saved A LOT of time avoiding that long queue...
4	Had to try the famous smoked meats of Montreal and this seemed to be one of the most popular so we had to hunt it down and see for ourselves what all the hubub was about...worth the drive. This little Jewish Deli with the french sign is a throw back to old school Deli's that you only just see in movies unless you are lucky enough to grow up with if you grew up in certain New York neighborhoods and such...I was not one of the lucky ones so I enjoyed the heck out of the small community seating and yes, even waiting in line to get in because of the locals we had the chance to meet and chat with. Once inside, the staff was fast and friendly, making sure all kept rolling like a well oiled machine. You could tell the locals because they did not linger like us tourists but rather ate and got the heck out so others could get in...we were to busy absorbing the local culture for those kinds of niceties...that being said, they were kind enough to allow me to eat the poutine I purchased at their take out spot next door in side the Deli with the rest of my group that was having the sandwiches...they all raved about how delicious their meat was so I offered to share my poutine for some of that incredible smoked meat...it was a good trade =)
3	Went to Schwartz's on a Tuesday around 3:30, so no real line to speak of. Ordered the smoked meat sandwich fatty, with mustard, a pickle, coleslaw and cherry soda. I am from NYC and have had my fair share of corned beef and pastrami sandwiches. The brisket here is milder tasting than NYC pastrami, but it was tender and the hint of smoke with the fat from the point was simply delectable. However, the ends of the rye bread refused to yeild when bitten into, and destroyed the structure of the sandwich. I ended up with meat falling all over the plate ,and having to piece the sandwich back together. Everyone at my table had the same problem. Really killed the experience for me. I say try it if you've never been, but it was nothing to write home about for me.
4	A new co-worker was in town and wanted to try the best smoke meat around...  Of course Schwartz's was the first name that came to my mind.  I haven't been there in the last few years, but, as usual, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.You have to be ready to wait 30 minutes is you get there at lunch time (and that was only for take out...  Not taking about the dining room).Great sandwich, great pickle... If you have to have one of these sandwich, order a medium cut or don't go!
5	I went through quite the trek to try a sandwich from Schwartz's, and it was more than worth it!Great service, cheap, and very filling. Really can't ask for anymore. Get the smoked meat sandwich, you know you want to -- simple and delicious! You're missing out if you try anything else.
3	Visit for the experience. The servers will tell you not to bother ordering anything but the smoked meat. The servings are somewhat enormous. Terrific people-watching, entertaining wait staff, definite Montreal experience.
5	This is the place I ran into my acquaintance who was also visiting from New York. This could say how hot this spot is. Meat is still good, oh yeah~
5	the medium smoked meat sandwich is a MUST HAVE. get with a cherry soda and pickles!i'm not usually into sandwiches, but this was probably my favorite food place in montreal. i went twice during my trip!amazing food and service - definitely recommend!
5	Whenever I'm in Montreal I make sure I get at least one lunch at Schwartz.  The smoked meat sandwich, sour pickle and fries is the standard.  The service is fast and the food is great.This is the authentic Jewish deli experience.  Treat yourself to a real Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich and a real Jewish deli, this is it.
2	I visited Schwartz probably between 5-10 times within the past 4-5 years. In older times, my experience would be summarized with dry-tasteless meat and dry bread. After so many disappointments, I finally had a nice smoked meat sandwich last time. I  wouldn't go there if my guest didn't insist. I won't go there again unless: a friend visits Montreal and insists of going to Schwartz because you cannot visit and leave Montreal without visiting Schwartz, because there is a line of people in front of the restaurant and so many people cannot fail to appreciate a good restaurant.  Let me try to explain how I see this place. Schwartz reminds me of a hybrid of two types of restaurant.. My hometown for example, is famous for its kebabs. There are kebab restaurants in town that are old & historic and available in tourism books as recommended restaurants.. However locals don`t really to these restaurants. The common sense says that these restaurants generally lack the food quality but compensate it with their historical values. So you generally end up paying for the general experience but not for tasty good.  A gastronomical disappointment in general. Locals go to other restaurants for better food experience. A second kind of restaurant is where everyone goes, where it is always crowded, a place that is talk of the town.. And every client who frequent that restaurant knows that there are better restaurants in the same city. They go to that restaurant because it is "hip" and "popular". Eventually, people move on and they find a new hip restaurant in the city. Just like a pop song, eventually that "hip" restaurant becomes old fashioned, thrash and not worth a visit..  Schwartz reminds me a combination of these two types of restaurants. Yes, it is a historic restaurant.. However, historic restaurants have a certain quality to them. I once took a good look at the drinking glasses at Schwartz. I don't want to know how old they are. You must all have heard about news about people's unexpected generosities on Internet. Like that waitress who got 1000$ tip for a 20$ meal, or that guy who spent 500$ at a coffee shop to give away free coffees to people. If I had the resources to perform such generosities, I'd spend a grand and give a thousand brand new drinking glasses to Schwartz. They need brand new stuff in their shop. Same thing goes for the overall hygiene of the place. I think "a restaurant having character" does not mean "a dirty, chaotic, run-down place". Well, as long as Montrealers have a common belief that the older, the dirtier, the sketchier it is, the more character it has, I don't expect it any kind of change in this place.. You can drink from a 30 year old drinking glass and feel privileged for doing that so. This place needs a good deal of renovations. This next point is something that bothered me more than the drinking glasses..  You can't pay with credit card at Schwartz. Here is my message to to the owners (or investors) of this restaurant. You people have a restaurant on St. Laurent which is frequented by so many people. You have queues in front of your store. People wait for 20-25 minutes just to get in. You are not a family-run convenience store,where profit margins are narrow, which can't afford 3.5% commission on credit card payments. What kind of logical reason do you have for not accepting credit cards? I only hope that their excuse is not "preserving the traditions and character" of your restaurant. Not everyone is fool enough to believe that. I believe there is only one reason and it is that they love "cash". They just want to to maximize their profits as much as they can and don't bother to offer credit card payments because there is an ending supply of clients thanks to travelling books, magazines, the promotional materials of the city and the Montrealers. You can go and visit a holiday resort in a country, where lots of Canadians would describe as "3rd world country" and there is a credit card terminal.. How come a restaurant that -probably- makes millions of dollars in sale in a city like Montreal, on a street like St. Laurent doesn't have a credit card terminal.. I can't believe this.In my last visit, I had to watch our waitress struggling when he was about to give me the change. It took a while until he prepares the change. I am not sure why.. I don't know if he really struggled with the calculations or he simply expected me to say "that's fine, keep the change". I hope it is the former. I won't give this restaurant 1 star. 1-star would be too cruel. 1-star means "hate". I don't hate it.. I hope they would try to make the place  cleaner with better customer service. It is just a restaurant where it receives endless supply of clients and I guess they believe this is what everyone likes. They don't bother to make it better. I hope that one day a Montrealer will tell me about a restaurant where it is clean, affordable, value their customers with tasty smoked meat.
2	would not recommend this place - they have a hidden 12$ card minimum and are totally not negotiable about this. they should be way way more up front!
4	This place is a must especially for any tourist.I eat here several times a month. Best smoked meat in Montreal.
5	Best smoked meat in the city. Wait in line during the day or evenings, or go there after a night of drinking when there is less of a wait. Fantastically delicious, fatty and flavourful
5	Smoked meat is my jam so you know I was all up in this piece when I was recently in Montreal. The sandwich was so good. The atmosphere is awesome. A total old school diner throwback feel. So glad we sought this place out and walked all over Montreal just to get to it.
5	Cash only.  The smoked beef is amazing.  The waiter kindly led us through our first experience - I would recommend just asking them for their advice and doing what they say.  There was a line when we arrived but it moved quickly.  Prepare for a quick, good meal.  We would definitely eat there again - prices were affordable, portions were filling, food was delicious.
4	It's not a place you're likely to visit as a local but it's an easy place to find yourself when you're showing around tourists. The smokes meat a good if you take it spicy, but other than that it's just a random restaurant that serves decent food in a New York Diner atmosphere. The saving grace is the staff. Our 50+ year old waiter was a total boss. He had nicknamed the one guy at out table "princess" five minutes into our visit and it stuck. He was fun, quirky, informative and a great time.
3	I visited Schwartz's again during the evening hour on my recent visit to MTL, it was fairly busy and I ordered a large plate of meat with a pickle. Some how this visit did not bring me back the memories from my first visit a few years back. I found the meat a bit dry and Dunn's like. I specifically told the waiter to bring me fatty meat, but the meat did not have that melt in your mouth tasty sensation. Don't get me wrong, the food was still good, but not the same as I had remembered. This difference may be attributed to the fact that my first Schwartz experience was in the morning when the meat was fresh, moist and straight out of the Big plastic coolers they store their meat in.  I'd still recommend Schwartz, but try to go in the morning at 10:30am when they start serving FRESH meat.
5	I went on a Saturday just before lunch time and there was a line of people waiting outside of the store which I believe is a normal thing, I wasn't bothered by the wait because I was drawn there by the reputation and my curiosity out weighed my impatience.  When I got to the front I ordered a smoked meat sandwich with a side of pickle and fries. I absolutely loved it. The meat is the best smoked meat I have ever had and the pickle went really well with it. The fries are tasty and crispy. May I add, this sandwich killed my hangover which is an added bonus.
3	My boyfriend and I bixi biked our way to Schwartz's just for lunch. I ordered the famous smoked meat sandwich and he got the smoked meat poutine.Perhaps I'm not a fan of deli meat because I didn't find anything special about this restaurant at all. The meat was tender but overly salty and tasted very average to me. The poutine was huge and the fries were okay. I must say that I do prefer the poutine over the sandwich because there was less meat in the poutine so it was less overwhelming.I don't think I'll be coming back here the next time I visit Montreal since there are so many other restaurants around the area.
5	Amazing! Tender and great flavor. On par with brisket from central Texas. Went in on a Monday afternoon, between lunch and dinner. Only waited for a minute or two outside.  Coleslaw was verygood, flavor of sweet dill pickles. Buy a shirt!  Never did and regretted it.
5	I found this place hearing it's the best place to get smoked meat in montreal. and it IS!! Came around 8pm on a monday and there was a very long line up, so we came back the next day on Canada's day around 12 and there was no line up- amazing! Inside is packed with people, and it smells great. Looks like a diner, the walls are filled with newspapers and articles about their great reputation. The blue jays have even signed for them.Had the classic medium smoked meat burger. Best meat sandwich I ever had in my life. Thick meat smothered in mustard on rye bread, the meat is to dye for. There's a lot of it though, but the best part is the crust. The meat is extremely flavourful, juicy, and tender. You see why they're in business for so long. Waiter recommended medium, but I think next time I would order lean instead, there was a lot of fat in the medium one. It's weird because my friend also got medium but was leaner than my cut.They are quick to serve and they want you out of there because they gave us the bill when I wasn't done eating. Great guys though, and I would come back again if I have the chance!
5	I'm not a big fan of smoked meat, but everyone who has come here with me has LOVED the smoked meat sandwiches. IF you don't want to wait in line and don't mind taking to go - just walk go their takeout area (store on the left).Recommendation: 110%.
4	Before, I went to Montreal, my co-worker asked me if I was planning on staying on my "silly diet" while I was on vacation, and he sternly informed me that, if I did, I would be missing out on the best pastrami sandwich I had ever tasted.  The funny thing is, that even though he never got around to giving me the name of the place before I left, I somehow knew immediately when I randomly happened upon it that this was probably the place he was talking about.  It was confirmed when I bit into the delicious, tender smoked meat.  I sent him a one word email that night:  "Schwartz's?""Yes!!" He replied, "you found it!!"
5	Dude, so good!Schwartz's alone is worth the trip to Montreal! You can get lean, meaty, or fatty smoked meat. Only mustard, meat, and bread... fries too if you want them.You won't find a better place for smoked meat sandwiches.This is a place that does one thing right.
3	Maybe I'm just not a fan of smoked meat but I didn't really find Schwartz that amazing and compared to the Main Deli across the street, Schwartz feels way too cramped for my liking.Schwartz is usually packed.  I had to come here three times before I was actually willing to line up since the other two times had insanely long queues!  We were packed really tightly into a small table with very uncomfortable seating, right by the kitchen.  It honestly wasn't that great of an experience and I enjoyed the coleslaw at Main Deli more.Anyways, I guess Schwartz's smoked meat itself may be a bit tastier than what you can get at Main Deli but I honestly don't find smoked meat that amazing. For me, the half hour line up wasn't too worth it but I'm sure there are tons of people who love smoked meat!  The prices are very reasonable too (compared to a quick meal in Vancouver I guess)
5	Schwartz's is the gold standard for being the best at what you do.  They haven't changed a thing in decades, because it's perfect.While they have a menu, you just go for the smoked meat.  I like to get the platter of medium (fattiness that is), a stack of rye slices, some mustard, and just devour one sandwich after the next.  Along the way, have some fries with vinegar and pickles, and then wash it down with a black cherry soda.You may have to wait a little while in line and eat with other people at your table, but it's all part of sharing the experience.
4	Great old deli place that's got simple tables and seats and a tiny menu. But they make a damn good smoked meat sandwich. Flavorful and warm the meat is way better than what you get in New York delis like Katz. You also don't feel pressure and the staff who has been there for a while know they have a good product so they don't sweat the small stuff. Highly recommended.
1	DIRTY CUTLERIES! RUDE WAITER telling customers to remove their bags from a seat so prospective other customers who have not showed up yet can sit. On our table, multiple knives were still EXTREMELY DIRTY with meat stains all over them, and yet those knives were stacked up as if they were cleaned and ready to use for customers. The waiter repeatedly told us to cramp our 3 seats together and remove our bags from the 4th seat so other non-existent customers can sit and share our table. I have never met a waiter so rude!These 2 things were the deal breakers for my family and me. We were already seated and ready to order our lunch, but we decided to leave Schwartz and take our business elsewhere.NEVER AGAIN I WILL SET FOOT IN THIS F*&KING PLACE!
4	Came here for smoked meat on my trip to Montreal. Full confession, Schwartz has been tradition among my family as long as I can remember so there may be a bit of bias here. As far as I can tell it's the best smoked meat i have had and the quality is always high. I also usually go to the take out window. Usually the family is taking a big order back to Ottawa and we have to grab sandwiches for the road. It cuts down on the legendary line and hilariously brisk service. This time my girlfriend and I grabbed sandwiches along with two pickles and some potato salad and ate it in the shadow of Mount Royal. Perfect day.
3	Schwartz's smoked meat eh?  Coming from NYC, the capital of deli's, I think I would have very high standards.  So, whatdya got?  You have  two options here, go the sit down route and wait in that horrendous line or do the take out route and be in and out in 15 minutes.  Since we didn't want to waste our limited time in Montreal standing in line, we did option two.  Food here is pretty cheap you can get one of their sandwiches for $8.00 CAD (IIRC) and fries for another $2.00 or so.  This pricing of course is infinitely cheaper than what Carnegie Deli or Katz's Delicatessen will charge you.  Hell you can get TWO sandwiches at Schwartz's for the NYC equivalent.  However, the big difference is in the size.  Katz's sandwich is huge, piled high with so much meat you could make two sandwiches out of it.  So I guess on price, it's about even.  The smoke meat at Schwartz's has a rich and deep flavor but what I disliked was how dry it actually was.  Because it was so dry, the juicy goodness of Katz's wins hands down.  I never quite understand why these Jewish delis use crappy rye bread to hold down such a massive amount of meat, they always tend to fall apart quite quickly and make a mess.  Either way, Schwartz's was a good stop to try Montreal Smoked Meat, but it just can't beat what we have in Manhattan.
2	Schwartz. was ok. Would not go out the way for their sandwiches. Compare to NY'S FAMOUS Katz's Schwart's is not as tasty and juicy. also they charge extra for the pickles!
5	This is the perfect hole in the wall experience i wanted. The sandwhich was cheap, quick, simple yet delicious. If you want to try the local favorite deli, you have to try this place. They also have a dining area where you can sit down and order but we didn't want to wait in line. Judging by the number of people there, they are doing something right
3	Schwartz's came recommended by a tour-guide in Montreal as a one of a kind Montreal lunch/dinner that we shouldn't miss. Did I mention he was a brewery tour guide? Because being about 5 beers deep makes smoked meat taste amazing. Maybe that skews my review a bit, so you can take it or leave it. Pickles are one of my favorite foods, and I loved every second of the giant pickle I ordered. Paired with a coke and a side of fries, this was a pretty good lunch. I'm not one to complain about lines. If a place is delicious enough, I will wait up to an hour. I was in line for about 20 minutes, and I have to say if I came here again and I saw that line, I would probably decide not to go in. Not because it was bad, but just because I could probably find something else to suit my drunk cravings. It was very crowded but the selection was minimal, so I made a quick decision that I was happy with. The meat was drier than I was expecting, but still very tasty. Add dat mustard and you'll be good.The atmosphere was deli-ish. I don't know how else to describe that. Be prepared to sit at a table with people you don't know. The people who work there are kind of scary, in that fun, angry-city-deli-man way. As our tour guide told us, it's all part of the experience. Should you make this part of your Montreal experience? Sure! Is it a must? Nah.
4	This place was highly recommended by just about everyone, and for good reason!There was a bit of a line up but it was worth it as the smoked meat sandwich was quite delicious. The rye bread couldn't quite hold the large stack of meat that was stuffed in between the two slices, but the messiness is part of the experience.The restaurant has a very deli feel to it, as that's exactly what it is. It's not the type of food you sit down to eat, it's more of a wait in line, grab a sandwich and walk around the street type of deal. Overall the meat was delicious and worth the hype. It would be much better if there were more toppings offered to make it more complete.
3	My husband, who is a Cleveland native and fan of that city's wonderful Romanian deli, Corky and Lenny's, had high hopes for Schwartz's.  Though there was a line when we arrived, it moved quickly, and we shared a table with two other customers with no appreciable wait.  Our waiter was efficient and good-natured--no small feat given the hordes of people moving through there at all hours.We got smoked meat sandwiches (medium-fat, following advice from just about everyone) with a pickle, cole slaw and fries.  The pickle was great; the coleslaw was sweet and sour and vinegary, in a style I like and associate with Eastern European countries like Hungary and the Czech Republic.  The rye bread on the sandwiches was fresh and tasty with just enough caraway. I appreciated the portion size--generous but not crazy a la Carnegie Deli. So far, so good.  Not so good? The fries, which were greasy and not remotely crispy.As for the meat, well, Zabar's in NYC wins for me (their spicing is a little more complex and the meat is moister), and my husband maintains his loyalty to his favorite Cleveland smoked meat.  It's worth mentioning that what constitutes "medium-fat" is really the luck of the knife and which end of the meat your portion happens to come from.  My husband's sandwich had several pieces that were entirely fat, which felt a little excessive to both of us.  My sandwich was leaner, and in our opinion, tastier as a result. On the other hand, I do agree with others that ordering the sandwich "lean" would be a mistake--the meat is on the dry side already, and without a little fat along for the ride would lose much of its flavor. In short, Schwartz's for us was good but not great--definitely not up to the considerable hype.  If you've never encountered deli food before, it would be a fun experience, but for us, it just didn't hold up to the excellent deli sandwiches we've had elsewhere.
1	This is the perfect example of hype outweighing reality. The food is average and the service is below par. Our waiter forcefully suggested a meal option which he said was a great deal and also decided to add some things we didn't order. Tip tell them exactly what you want and dont let them upsell. This great deal was exactly the same price as on the menu if ordered separately. Only having a few nights in montreal i was very disappointed i wasted one of my meals at schwartz's.
4	Smoked meat piled highon a thin slice of ryeWhat more could you want?And why?Almost $8 for a tasty sandwich, not bad. About half as much as those famous delis in NYC. Possibly a tad drier than those, but that's what mustard is for! Somehow, it doesn't feel as sinful either.
3	amazing atmosphere, yummy smoked meat, great 1/2 sour pickle and no mayo coleslaw.  It felt like a locals spot, but booming. Definitely old school.  Cash Only with an ATM in the back.
5	Split 1 full fat and 1 medium sandwich with a friend. Get a plate of fries, cherry coke, cole slaw and a pickle. Schwartz's is an experience one must take part of at least once in their life... Or as many times as possible.
5	The line for lunch was relatively long but it was worth the wait. This small deli serves up tasty smoked meat sandwiches. I really enjoyed the black cherry cola too. Definitely worth another visit the next time I am in Montreal.
1	First of all, I like Katz deli in NYC than this place. (Am from NYC) but the pastrami sandwich was not bad here. but service here was horrible. Bald, belly out and glass wearing guy was serving utensil and place for my table. I was with ma family. This place was packed as usual as other tourist places in Quebec.I didn't expect to get Michelin 3 star restaurant service. However, this guy must know how to serve customers. I understand how busy he was. but HE SHOULD NOT THROW KNIFE ON THE TABLE!! HOW DARE DID HE!!My bro got somewhat pissed and asked him gently to do nicer. and THE GUY SAID HE GOT A NEW BOSS!! What kind of service was that?? He needs to go back to elementary school to learn very basic stuffs to be a human.By the way, food was not bad. just service was horrible..
4	The place is a bit small and there's usually a wait which isn't a terrible thing since the meat is delicious. One of the best places to come if you live here or are visiting from afar. You might be sharing your table with strangers and if they're open to chat it makes the experience much more enjoyable. The pastrami sandwich was delicious and they give a good amount of meat that makes it a bit difficult to eat. The pickle was what won me over, perfectly crunchy and the right salty. :)
4	Although you're probably going to have to wait a relativity long time, and you're probably going to have to share a table, it is worth it. The service was super fast, and being from NYC, prices were reasonable at around $8 a sandwich. You get what you pay for!
4	Oh yeah, enjoyed this.Had the standard smoked meat sandwich, fries - and I tried to have a cherry cola too, after my son pointed it out.  He didn't want a cherry cola himself, so I picked on  up.  (There's a point here.  Keep reading.)Sandwich was great.  Fries were out of this world.  Never got to try the cherry cola and my son stole it.  Yes, I was annoyed.  Next time I'm going to Montreal he's simply not invited.  :-\Note:  They have no patience for newbs - watch the people before you to figure out about ordering and what's what.Would I recommend:  YesWould I return:  Yes.Wish we hadn't been in such a rush - would have been nice to have taken some time to walk up and down the street they are on, looked like it might be interesting shopping.  Next time!
5	I was visiting Montreal over the weekend and was told that I needed to try this place. It was a great recommendation and I fully agree with that advice. If you're going to Montreal you should definitely make time to eat at Schwartz's.I will warn you that the line was very long, however, it was worth the wait!No need to look at the menu here you NEED to get the Smoked Meat. Their special is the smoked meat sandwich, fries and a cherry cola. I switched the cola to normal coke with my order and was in heaven.Giving Schwartz's a 5 star rating is a no brainer. This place is awesome!
1	I'm generally pretty easy going when it comes to poor service but Schwart's restaurant takes the cake.  This happened on August 2, 2014 at around 9:30pmI confirmed with the take-out side that the restaurant side will sell pre-packaged packages of their meat, and that if they run out, they'll run over to the take out side and grab it.  So then i returned later that night to the restaurant side, the guy behind the counter asked what he could get me, and i asked if he had any packages of the frozen meat, and he says in a nasty tone that they don't freeze their meats, so fine, what about the vacuum sealed packages?  He slaps one down on the counter, so I said, do you have any more?  He said, no, that's it.  I said, the take-out side said that if you run out you can just go over to the take-out side, he replies, "There's no more until 9am the next day!  Where are you from?"  I replied, "Ottawa".  He said, "You don't need vacuum sealed packages driving to Ottawa, maybe if you were flying to China!"  Ok....I'm from Ottawa, why on EARTH would I fly to China??  Just because I look Chinese he thinks I'm going to China???  THEN, I'm trying to do the mental math in my head to figure out how many lbs of meat I want, and i unconsciously say, "ummmmm"...he then has the nerve to MOCK me by saying "ummmmm" back to me.So i put through my order and go to pay at the cashier, who also wasn't very nice, probably because i interrupted her flirting with a waiter, but as I'm paying, I hear my husband picking up the meat that I ordered and thanking the guy (EVEN THOUGH HE DIDN'T DESERVE IT) and he has the nerve to say, "Everybody knows how to say thank you, but nobody reaches into their pockets do they?"He was RACIST, RUDE, CONDESCENDING, AND TO TOP IT ALL HE'S ASKING TO BE TIPPED???So we leave rolling our eyes and then him and the other guy behind the counter start jeering at us!NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN.
4	great NY deli. Get the corned beef.. yummm
4	I find that this is number the one recommended place to go when visiting Montreal. On a hot summer day, a 30 minute wait in a line might seem a little long but it was worth it. Even the crammed, cafeteria style seating did not manage to ruin this experience for me. I was told to get pickles and a large plate of smoked meat (they bring bread anyways). It was so delicious! I don't drink Coke but this meal required the classic Cherry Coke so I obliged. Service was fast and when we asked for another pickle it was delivered at a lightening speed. This is a MUST and I already want to go back!
5	I was lucky enough to get a great parking spot right in front of Schwartz's on St Laurent.  I had to remind myself how Montreal parking works... it's been a while since I've driven in the city.  You have to know your parking spot assigned number so you can enter it into the parking machine on the street.  You don't need to put the ticket on your dash, you just need to make sure you're entering the right spot assigned number in to the machine.I didn't see any lines so this was good... it was about 4:45pm.  Walking into the place it was still packed.  There was a single stool at the bar so I ended up taking that spot which worked out since I was by myself.The choice was simple... smoked meat sandwich!!!  If I didn't get the fries I probably could have eaten 2 sandwiches.  I did get the fries which are basically fries but they are good.  The black cherry Cott soda was a good compliment.  I'm trying to drink less pop these days but really it was a must to complete the trinity.  This sandwich is spot on and this is one of the reasons why Montreal will always have one up on TO when it comes to food... IMO this one food item is one of the cornerstones of Montreal's food extravaganza.  If it's not their version of bagels, or pizza or steamies it's their smoked meat and this place serves the best I've had.  I went to Katz in NYC but didn't get end up eating there.  We walked in and walked out pretty fast.  Why?  It felt like I was lining up for get on a Disney ride before the reservation system.  Thanks but no thanks... it was a long walk that day in the summer in lower Manhattan and although I can't compare what Schwartz's has compared to Katz's I probably won't ever have to.  Schwartz's was no nonsense, quick, no line up and I didn't have to feel like I needed a wristband to get into a club that had bottle service.Schwartz's again = the best I've had in my life for Montreal smoke meat.  Carnegie Deli on 7th Ave in NYC so far is the best corned beef and pastrami I've had.  Schwartz's prices also are not outrageous either.  Considering they serve a lot of sandwiches both eat in and take out their consistency of their quality has really no choice but to be what they are in order to garner the attention they deserve.  I will have to now make this restaurant a must go place every time I go to Montreal now... I think I may go there again on the way out of town too!
5	Crazy, crowded little deli in Montreal were we waited in line for our smoked meat sandwiches. I mean, I didn't even know what I was ordering, I just knew that's what everyone was there for so I decided that's what I was there for too. The staff was brusque, fast, and competent in their jobs in whatever language anyone spoke to them. Being a tourist it was a bit intimidating but by the time I reached the front of the line I had rehearsed my order enough times to avoid annoying the guy behind the counter.I also picked up a mustard, because when you have extra foreign money, you spend it, the end. It looks like just a normal, yellow mustard, but it makes my sandwiches kick back like nothing else. 5 stars for the mustard!We got 2 smoked meat sandwiches and a small bag of greasy fries. The fries were, as I said, greasy, and not salted enough, and we left the overcrowded counter to eat outside in the nice weather, leaving the ketchup bottles behind in the process. TL;DR the fries were not impressive.But I was not there for the fries. I was there for the sandwiches. The smoked meat sandwiches. The smoked meat sandwiches that apparently inspired a Canada-wide musical of Schwartz's, evidence of which we saw while waiting in line. We sat on a bench and when I unwrapped the sandwich I had to swallow immediately or I would have drooled. The smell was so tantalizing and meaty. I applied mustard and took an enormous bite. The flavors of the meat. The mustard. The flimsy bread failingly trying to hold back the greatness of the meat.  I ate it good and dirty. Messy and unapologetic. A blacklight would have shown my entire face covered with that sandwich. Except you wouldn't need a blacklight to see it. 10/10 would gorge here again.
3	There's always a line at this place and it came highly recommended by locals, so I had to give it a try. Ordered the signature smoked meat sandwich and was underwhelmed. It's okay, but nothing screams at you making you want to return.
4	well, one thing that u must try, at least once, at Montreal. smoked meat tastes great. always long line outside.
5	After leaving Montreal for a year, one of the first things I did was go to Schwartz. You really appreciate their smoked meat, when you have had to do without it. Nothing comes to close their quality.
5	The line was way too long to wait, but I got a delicious smoked meat sandwich to go.   Amazing.  It was like a cross between  pastrami and corned beef.  And the beef sticks were great.
5	Truly awesome smoked meat sandwiches. Rye, mustard and meat. Simple and delicious. Highly recommended if you're in the area. Try to go during the week and off peak hours to avoid the lines. The line here can get pretty long. If you don't want to wait, head across the street to Main Deli. You won't be disappointed.
5	Well worth the wait! Try to go early if you can because they get really busy! Smoked meat sandwich is amazing! So amazing that once you try it you'll never be the same...yes it's that great!
4	I only went to the takeaway part of the store so I can't speak for the restaurant side. But the service was quick and easy, the smoked beef was to die for! Everyone should at least try it once and your want to go back for more!
5	It's been a few weeks since our visit to Schwartz's and I still salivate thinking about this sandwich! When we got there, the line for sit-down service was easily 40-50 people deep, so we went to the take-out line instead. Still a long line that weaved up and down the length of the store, but in reality, we only waited 20-30 minutes?We got the medium fat smoked meat sandwich and it was perfect- not too fatty, not too dry. The mustard in the sandwich gives it the perfect balance. We also got an order of poutine (no meat). It was good, but definitely not as spectacular as the sandwiches. The cheese curds were super fresh and squeaky, but perhaps a little too heavy for just 2 people with a sandwich each. If you decide to get take-out, there's a little park 2 blocks away where we ate our food and it was perfect.
5	Ok, it was great. Smoked meat, pickle and cherry cola. Worth the line, and the calories!
5	All I can say is... Just do it! This MTL staple is worth the hype for all foodies. Wait in line for as long as necessary to try that smoked meat. So worth the wait. Thankfully our wait was only a short 10 min at 9:00pm on a Monday night. Don't order anything else but the #3. Juicy, flavorful, especially if you have a small piece of fat in there. We also had a juicy pickle on the side. I don't know what else to say, but it was AMAZING. I regret not buying one "to-go" for later. They had a cherry soda which one of the workers recommended, but tasted like Dimetap, not a fan. Stop by an ATM first, cash only.
4	Its a good jewish deli. They looked at me and my wife kinda funny and surprised, we are muslim, so i can understand their surprise. We ordered the lean smoked meat, it was really good. I recommend to go medium fat as its probably juicer and not as dry. The sandwich came out hot and tasty. Other than the asian group of guys chomping with their mouths wide open like a heard of carnivores cattle i recommend trying this place at least once. Not bad for a $9 sandwich.
5	The best sandwiches.  Love the medium fat smoked meat on rye, delicious!  My sister lives in Montreal and brings me a sandwich when she flies home, unbeatable!
5	We waited about 10 minutes for lunch. As soon as we got inside, the service was very fast. The meat was scrumptious. We ordered a large plate that came with bread and shared it between us two. The fries were very good. Cherry cola is a must! Schwartz's is a quintessential Montreal experience!
4	Been coming to Montreal since the late 90's and never had a smoked meat sandwich. Well when the hubbs wanted to come up to watch our Mets take in the Blue Jays at Stade Olympique I made it a point to come here for dinner. I do have to say Jewish Deli is my #1 favorite type of food. The reason for this has to come from my Grandmothers next door neighbor who IMHO made the best sour dill pickles EVER!!!!  But I digress, but will get to their pickles in a bit. Let me start off with the place. We get there and it is tiny with maybe 8 tables I could see that were chocked full of people. Also facing the food was a bar that had stools you could sit at. When we got there (9 on a Saturday night) the only two places to sit were at the bar which were fine by us.Now as I have said before I love Deli food so when it comes to the meat I am a little picky.  I do prefer a more fatty cut of meat and they deliver. You have your choice of three levels of fattiness which is a nice option as not everyone enjoys the fatty part of brisket. The fries are amazing as they are whole potatoes that look like they are cut in house. An order is large enough to split although I tried valiantly to not hog them all but failed miserably. Ok now the star of the meal for me was the pickles. They were so good that I let the husband have the rest of the fries so that I could have his pickle. Putter is the brand name of them and I really wish that they had them on this side of the border.
3	Schwartz has some very good smoked meat, that has to be said. I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had, but it is definitely worth going. The fact that people wait in line for so long is a testament to its quality. On the other hand, the aforementioned waiting time is too long (it feels like trying to get into a packed club) and the service is terrible, which pretty much ruins it for me. They will pack you inside wherever they can, and nobody really pays any attention to you. I understand that they are always extremely busy, but I'd rather go to a different deli where i can actually eat comfortably...
4	First time in Montreal and first time at Schwartz's.  It's a simple, humble and very friendly place serving surprisingly great smoked brisket.  The meat was so tender, juicy (glistening fat, love it!) and just all-around good!  The people there are so nice and friendly, not to mention patient.  Service is quick paced but as a first time diner, I was not rushed to order.  Overall, great experience.  Also, they take US and Canadian currency.  It was my last day in Montreal and I did not have enough Canadian bills to pay for the meal (cash only place). and even though they have an ATM available, they took my US bills as well.  I paid with a mixture of US and Canadian money and I felt bad about it, but they said "No Worries!" with genuine smiles and off I went on my way.
5	Smoked meat sandwich! You just have to try it here! The sandwich is huge but very very tasty. It was fatty and delicious. It also wasn't dry and every bite was devoured in a detailed manner. For me, I always judge a sandwich by it's bread to meat ratio and this rocked my world! Must eat when in Montreal.
5	Getting this to go, at the separate entrance, was extremely quick. The sandwich is not exactly "deli style" in portion, as a person can easily finish 1.5 to 2 of these sandwiches. However, at $10 a sandwich, the value is still incredible compared to Katz's in NY, which is almost twice the price.As a New Yorker, a comparison is expected. I would love to say that "they" make it better than "us," but that is not the case.The bread is lacks some rye flavor and ability to hold up the sandwich. The meat is tender, fatty, and delicious, but a bit too fatty.
3	Probably a 3.5 star place in my opinion.   Schartz's is known for their smoked meats sandwiches.  Smoked meat / mustard on rye? bread.  The meat was moist and very tasty.   The bread is lacking in any flavor is and greatly over whelmed by the meat.  Worth a try, simple and good sandwich.
5	My husband the carnivore, LOVED this place. He said the meat was smoked and tender and just amazing. There's a long line to eat inside the restaurant, but the take out line is short and you can grab a stool by the counter and eat there as well. Excellent quality and soft and juicy strips keep you well fed in the cold!
2	I tried the smoked meat since it's a big thing in Montreal. It was good, but not anything I would go out of my way to have again. I think all the hype made it a bit of a disappointment. I also have mixed feelings about the staff. One woman, while polite once we got her attention, was completely oblivious to us, her face buried in her phone.The guy who served us was rude, and short with us because we sat in the wrong spot. Overall, not a place I would want to return.
5	My husband (the American and stingy with his stars) has had his fair share of NY deli meats (pastrami/corned beef) so I was a bit nervous about bringing him here since for me their smoked meat is simply the best. He tried it and loved it! So much so that we had it again before we left Montreal, but this time taking it out (don't let the long lines ruin your experience!).
4	I Waited for about half an hour to get a seat. It's quite a small place without much decorations, not really a restaurant in some sense. But the meat is amazing! I placed oreder for smoked meat sandwich and cherry coke. The meat in sandwich really far too much for me, but tasty!
4	came to montreal for vaca.very long line only if you want to dine in.  next door sandwich to go (there's also small seat in the back)I ordered smoked meat sandwich.  Tasty, meaty and fatty.  just perfect with mustard.  I wish the portion a little bigger.
5	I think this one is a no brainer for any tourist.The sandwich is so simple. Bread, mustard, then the intimate part of the sandwich, the smoked meat. Juicy, succulent, flavourful. I have to order 2 because it just tastes so damn good.Unless, for some reason, you have a bad experience on the service side of things, you will not regret coming here. Your taste buds will be partying in your mouth for days and then they'll be sad when the party stops.
5	Montreal icon ! Un Excellent et chaleux service. un smoked meat unique! Je vous conseille d'en faire un 1 by week !
4	So finally, after many replicas (both good and bad), my quest for a smoked meat sandwich brought me here to Montreal, and my first stop was for the real deal at Schwartz's. No suprises - it was the real deal.Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Schwartz's is the definition of no frills, but the friendly staff are accommodating even if the place is packed with a line out the door (which is likely). I grabbed a seat at the bar, asked for the goods, and had a steaming hot sandwich in front of me in no time. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?If they wanted, Schwartz's could easily charge a ridiculous premium for their sandwiches - but they don't, and my standard sammie came in at $8.70. Have a look:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg&select=NMfOyuZAKwhLRoDtGWsdAwThat's fair. Star Granted. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Make no mistake, this was absolutely marvelous. Sure, the bread and mustard are standard white and yellow, but the meat is absolutely heavenly. Slow smoked so that it's tender, but the consistency is maintained to where it doesn't fall apart and the flavor mixes a nice lean cut with just the right band of fat and seasoning. Brilliant. Dual Stars Granted. Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?It's damn close, but as hard as it might be to believe, on one occasion I had a smoked meat sandwich that was better than this on account of the slightly better bread and equal meat:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mile-end-delicatessen-brooklyn-brooklyn?select=f-3HfCK5xgXY82ARMEbeHw&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg#f-3HfCK5xgXY82ARMEbeHwSo, that exists, which makes it such that I can't quite go with the full five stars here. Make no mistake, you should absolutely come to Schwartz's as it's the best in the city by a mile, but it didn't quite secure the crown. No Star Granted.
4	Not more needs to be said about this place.  We had a great lunch.  Schwartz's has a NY deli feel.  Expect to share a table with strangers.  We had a nice conversation with our "lunch neighbors" while we ate.On to the food; the smoked meat sandwich is very good.  The pickles and fries are also what you would expect.  Personally, we liked the smaller portion sizes (smaller than a typical New York deli where one order can feed two people).  You couldn't say that the sandwiches were small.  We both left full and happy.
5	If you haven't been here yet my only advice would be don't judge the place by it's looks, it's awsome! The line was total worth it! The smoked meet plate and dill pickle side are a great lunch option, I'm happy I follwed the advice of the montrealers I've met
4	First thing i thought of was Catz deli in greenwich village NY. Definitely similar. Im probably going to be coming back for another one of these. Excellent flavor and texture meat and really good bread....and im pretty sure their fries are cut from potatos in house. Definitely Recommended but be prepared for a line if you want to sit.
3	Not sure I can improve on the combined wisdom of 771 previous reviewers, so here's the upshot:.:. Horrendously long lines. Order from the to-go counter instead, where there's no line and almost always a couple of chairs in the back. Or eat standing up. It's not worth the hassle of waiting for a table..:. "Smoked Meat" is really just brisket. It's a little on the salty side, but has excellent flavor. I recommend a medium fat level: the lean ends can be dry but the fatty ends are practically inedible..:. Rye bread and spicy mustard: YES. Classic Jewish deli food! Just don't tell the Canadians they didn't invent it. :).:. Fries: average. A little on the dry side. I'd skip them in the future..:. Price: a little high for the quality, but not bad. Worth doing once, if only so people will stop telling you it's a necessary element of your Montreal experience.
4	I eat smoke meat first time at Schwartz's. I heard that it is very popular restaurant before I come here. It is very delicious food.
4	The atmosphere is comparable to the Carnegie Deli in NYC, i.e. tourists, and only tourists, standing in line. But don't let that deter you, because the food is straight-up Katz's in NYC, i.e. fantastic, no-frills meat sandwiches in less-than-fantastic, no-frills surroundings. Whatever you do, for God's sake, don't stand in that line. Order from the to-go counter next door, buy a Schwartz's tote bag, and schlep the whole delicious mess across the street, where someone has created a communal terrasse out of a shipping container. Eat your meal while listening to the nearby accordion player run through his repertoire of unidentifiable but atmospheric songs, and give him a nice tip when you're done. Bliss.
3	Good smoked meat sandwich, but can't really understand what all the fuss (and long lines) are all about.  My sandwich (ordered medium) was good, but a bit dry.  Not much different than corned beef sandwiches I'd get elsewhere...good, but not anything special.On the other hand, I also got the cold salami sandwich.  That was much better-very moist and flavorful.  Overall, not worth the wait--I thought Lester's served a far superior sandwich.
4	While I know that pretty much anyone who has lived or visited Montreal knows about this place, my review is what you may not know about them.  Having been a long time Plateau resident, I have eaten from here many many times.  Now being a local you would not be caught dead standing in line to eat here, how do you do it, you ask.  Easy eat there at off hours, plan a meal in the evening, (anytime after 5 is just fine usually), late night is even better so maybe plan on a late night snack after say the movies or bar hopping.  Don't eat there, or if you must ask for the counter, the tables are what holds up the works and keeps people lined up for a long time. If you can take it to go, the inside is not all that amazing anyway, so if it is warm out, plan to take your meal out doors, or take it home.  Also if you want to ensure some better service be a good tipper. I have always tipped (yes even for take out), the reception I get there is the best, so dish out a couple of bucks and you will not wait.
4	I'm usually nervous about tourist hotspots but this is worth it. Deli style, fuss free, their smokes meat sandwich (bread, mustard, and a ton of smoked meat) is delightful. There are long lines, so either take out or go at a later timing (which is what I did). The smoked meat was basically beef - tender, slightly salty, with just the right amount of fat, and very satisfying. Service was efficient and well organized. Wouldn't expect more for a no frills deli. Would definitely go back again.
3	Montreal is a great foodie town, and it has its staples.  French/Quebecois cuisine.  Bagels.  Destination restaurants like Joe Beef.  'Montreal smoked meat' is definitely on that list, though maybe not the first one that an out-of-towner like myself thinks of.  Once you get past that part and hear that this is a must-have, chances are Schwartz's will be the main place you hear about.Schwartz's and the locals know that this place is popular.  The day before we visited while buying bagels at St-Viateur (another name you'll surely hear being held in high regard), the other patrons were raving about the length of the "lineups" in front of Schwartz's.  Schwartz's also realizes this, and in turn operates both a sit-down and carry-out side of their business, a major plus for moving the crowds through quickly.The beef itself...pretty good.  If you're familiar with the corned beef, this has similar consistency, utilizing the same brine-curing process, but is actually kosher-style beef brisket.  Throw a bit of mustard on that and put it between 2 slices of bread, and that's all you need!  The amount of hype may have knocked it down a star, but if you go, you won't be disappointed.  Just remember to grab napkins on your way out...this is by no means the tidiest sandwich you'll ever eat.
4	How can you not be a fan?It's an institution.Only complaint is sometime out of items from menu like poutine gravy... but if that is the worst thing in your life... you need to goto haiti for awhile
3	This is my second time here. I came here years ago and the sandwich was fantastic. This time, I came here later in the evening (9 am) and I felt like my sandwich was super dry. Oh well. I'll have to come back a third time to figure it out.
3	Don't understand the hype. There are better places to get smoked meat in MTL...such a tourist trap.
5	Delicious (but a little messy - I think the bread was not quite hearty enough to hold up to all the juicy meat filling). I had a smoked meat sandwich and a pickle. Simple, good food. I second the recommendation to skip the line for a table and order from the to-go side next door.
3	They know how to cook great meat, but not how to serve it. Humble interior, C+ service. Up the ante guys!
4	This is Montreal's equivalent of a New York deli, attitude and all.  Always busy, so expect a wait, but the line moves fast. You can order what you want, but almost everyone is talked into #3, the smoked meat sandwich (basically corned beef).  Piled high and very tasty, you have a choice of lean, medium or on the fatty side (About $8. Canadian). We ordered cole slaw as well which was also good, and the waiter talked us into a veggie which is how he described their pickles. Owned by singer Celine Dion and her husband, this is a very very casual place. We found it a fun experience.
5	Schwartz's is the original and still the best smoked meat place, at least that I've tried. However, the Main across the street is almost as good, a bit cheaper, and has a better selection. No lineup to get in, either.That's not meant to be too much of a dig at Schwartz's, which has always narrowly avoided being a real tourist trap. They could go the Katz's (NYC) route and charge $15 for a basic sandwich. But they don't, which is not to be underestimated.I'd suggest getting it for takeout (the door on the left)--the line is shorter, there are still a few tables in that part of the restaurant, and the service on the right side (where the lineups are), while fine, isn't anything special enough to be worth the extra wait.
4	They rival NYC's famous Katz Deli. I sat on the counter with a friend and we ordered their smoked meat sandwich on rye, and shared fries and a pickle. The meat is tender, moist, and extremely flavorful. Their smoked meat is like this review: simple, no frills, and no fuss. I liked it and I'm sure you will, too.  Since I'm not a local, I said I would visit Schwartz's at least once when visiting Montreal. It's like a NYC tourist visiting Katz' deli at least once on their visit: why not.  When on vacation, I don't usually remember the price of my meals because living in NYC, most things are pretty expensive already (Katz' sandwich is $15-$17 for one! Geez).There was a line out the door. The interior is busy (not cozy), but counter staff is friendly.
2	So over-hyped and I didn't enjoy the food. Think I'll try the Main next time...
5	This review is for the restaurant not the smash hit musical!This is the real deal.  Best smoked meat sandwich I've ever had.  Friendly server and old school charm.  Worth the wait!
4	The smoked meat is incredible. Why else would people line up in the rain.  I recommend fries, slaw, a pickle, and a coke. A lot of people have the cherry coke but it's not my bag. The stack of meat isn't bad, but it pales compared to the mountain of meat at some of my nyc favs. A bit more meat and five stars for sure. I also went next door to buy some meat to go.
4	Good smoked meat. But the service is not that good
5	This place is very tasty!  We really enjoyed out visit.
5	Schwartz has the best smoked meat I've ever had. There's always a lineup. The inside of the restaurant is nothing special so I would recommend getting a take-out instead. It saves time and you get the same quality meal. Order their fattest meat with a pickle. That's all you need.
2	Perhaps I'm biased from growing up near NYC or in a Jewish household (albeit conservative), but Montreal's version of pastrami / smoked meat has got nothing on the real deal in Brooklyn.  After hearing so many rave reviews from family members and friends, I was really expecting to be blown out of the water, but unfortunately I was instead left drowning in disappointment.The price is probably OK for the buck for their smoked meat sandwich (since they give you so much meat!), but although it's soft and falling apart, it is absolutely fatty and flavorless.  It has nothing special going for it whatsoever with its pound of meat doused in yellow mustard on soggy white sandwich bread.   Even on the outside bark of the meat itself I was searching for some other flavor than some oppressive salt that they used, and found absolutely nothing worth savoring.Honestly, I don't get it.  Maybe it was better 50 years ago and the hype train keeps it going today, but there's nothing worth your time here.  Go elsewhere and find the actual good food in Montreal.
5	My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to never wait in line. If you're ok with sitting at a table with strangers up close and personal in a super hot and small resto, this is the place for you. The food is delish! The smoked meat is fantastic as are the pickles. Mmmmmm can't wait to go back
5	Not a lot of times you will remember a taste of a meal for a long time ,, but trust me, you will with this one!
3	As good as it gets for Canada....you want real smoked meat come to NYC!!!
4	I've never been a huge fan of smoked meat, but Schwartz's definitely made my little heart change for the better!Coworker went to school at McGill, so he definitely knows his way around Montreal...and he highly recommended that we come here to eat..and boy was I glad that he dragged us into this noisy, janky, cramped, and old diner (I mean this is most rustic way!!). I love the feel of this place! We all had the smoked meat sandwich, and I really appreciate that they let you chose the cut of meat: fatty, lean, or half-half. :) When our sandwiches arrived, and I bit into my sandwich it was like a chorus of singers sang with joy! The meat was perfectly seasoned, smoked, melt-in-your-mouuuuttth! The bread to meat ratio was spot-on and didn't overwhelm the palate. Yes, I love Schwartz. :) Thank you, dear coworker, for giving my stomach that extra push it needed to convert into a smoked meat fan!
4	It's a busy, old school deli with service is exactly what it needs to be - efficient. Once you get a seat - prepare to wait in line - your order is in front of you 5 min tops. The smoked meat sandwich is delicious. I wish I had more time to explore some of the other items on the menu. Can't wait to go back.
4	Great sandwich. I never liked corn beer, smoked meat sandwich until i got to try Schwartz's.  Medium fat meat with mustard + rye bread = 'Winning'
5	We walked in and were immediately greeted with hospitality. We sat at the bar and by recommendation from our server got the medium smoked meat sandwich which was amazing! We are glad we didn't go with the fatty (you have 3 choices- lean, medium or fatty) because it medium was perfect. Meal came out literally 2 minutes after ordering. Black cherry soda was very sweet but very tasty. Nash is like a slim Jim- worth trying, but not our favorite. The servers were funny, nice and made us feel right at home. One even made us each a paper napkin rose. Totally satisfied!
5	mannn did we get lucky with the line when we headed out here! opened the doors & was seated right away... given it was even a packed night in the restaurant! i am still in disbelief that this simple sandwich is full of mouthwatering flavor. literally just smoked meat, a little mustard, & wheat bread. how... like, how?! is it so so so good!??!! there's hardly anything in it! in a world that i live in here back in the states we often eat food that is overly jammed packed with different ingredients i guess we forget how simplicity is also very delicious. you can choose 3 levels of fat content you want in your meat... the two is just right ... with the perfect balance of fat & meat. very very juicy. our server was so polite & helpful. service is REALLY quick. this place can easily be categorized as "hyped" based on the amount of yelp reviews ... but y'all take that back right now because it is not hyped at all. come see for yourselves.... it's the best!
5	I LOVED this place! I've had my share of smoked meats in NY (Katz, 2nd Ave Deli, Carnegie), but this place was completely comparable. The smoked meat sandwich was exactly the right portion with lots of meat smoked to perfection and not too salty (a huge pet peeve of mine is when meat/food in general is too salty). The mustard to go along with this was great as well. I highly recommend stopping by if you get the chance! Note: since the line went out the door for the restaurant, we went next door to the takeout shop and ate in the back -- perfect if you're with a small group and want to enjoy the food without the wait.-L.
5	LOVE this place. Was in Montreal for a weekend recently and had to hit up this place and get my dose of medium smoked meat sandwich with pickles. Had to wait in line as usual but it was well worth it. Remember if you're planning to eat inside, have enough cash on you because that's all they accept. If you decide to get take out (you have to use the side door on the left if you decide to do that, which will save you from waiting in line for half an hour) then you can pay with cash / credit / debit. May I also suggest you get a sealed / packaged pack of meat on your way out after you're done eating because you're gonna crave more of this meat after a few hours. While the packaged meat is a bit thinner, and not AS good as the fresh stuff they serve at the restaurant, the meat is still pretty decent! They pack all packaged meat the same morning so you can be sure it is quite fresh and they last about a week in your fridge, but I assure you will eat them well before then.  Bon apetit
4	Try this place during a week night or when weather is bad, so that you can actually sit and enjoy your food.Definitely recommended if you like beef ;)
3	We braved the wintry weather to visit this "must eat" place. Unfortunately, it was a let down. The meat has a nice smoked flavor but isn't really anything amazing. The rye bread is plain and the fries were very greasy and limp. Was hoping for better. Cash only.
5	Exactly what I was expecting given all the reviews and it met expectations, actually exceeded them in that I guess this is the time of year to go because we walked up at 1130AM and no line or anything, got a table to ourselves and enjoyed every moment.  Smoked meat sandwiches were great (we had the mediums), the pickle was actually my favorite part of the meal (sooooo good).  My wife and I split an order of fries that came out very hot.  Food came out so fast. Staff was friendly and spoke immediately in English.  Great experience on a freezing day in Montreal.  Cash only for those that are used to only carrying plastic
4	Holy cow was I full after I left there.  Service was fast, prices were good and the sandwich was HUGE. hehe.
5	When I think of smoked meat, I thought it would be dry, dry and dry. However, when I try the smoked meat at Schwartz's, I was amazed by how juicy and flavorful it can be. I am now a believer of the Schwartz's smoked meat, not sure if it is the best out there, but definitely the best I've tried. I was so excited to buy some for home back in Toronto, but it is not the same as having it there (although it is still good)! So for those of you that tried "take-out" and about to jump into conclusion, please be mindful that the take-out clearly does not justify! Tips: order the fatty part of the smoked meat; it might not sound like a healthy idea but definitely a good idea once you take a bite!
5	Man I guess I was lucky enough to visit Schwartz's when there wasn't a line out the door! Then again is was January and about 4 degrees out. Don't get me wrong it was packed but I quickly found seats at the counter. Super friendly, quick and easy guys working there, although they let me order toooo much meat haha Like the large plate. I ate it ALL, even extra pickles and bread and fries. and I didn't even feel bad about it.Good God Damn that meat is soo good!
5	Arrived around 500-530pm and just beat the crowd. Our party of 7 was first in line.  The place is a bit snug but you'll soon forget once you're served their smoked meat. Rib eye was pretty tasty and im a fan of mustard so loved the concoction with bread.  I didn't get to try their drink but heard nothing but good comments on it.
4	I was worried that this place would have lost its charm once Celine Dion took over but they didn't skip a beat. Smoked meat was delicious as usual and the bread and pickle were the same old. Phew!
2	The meat is very good, and they offer three different cuts: lean, medium, and fatty. The smell of the place is also very nice and smells like cancer, in a good way, just like their sandwiches. The only problem is the wait, which may take an hour or more depending on when you go, which is unfortunate and makes this place not worth it unless there's a shorter line.
5	It's a great walking nabe, so don't be afraid to come here early (before 11), beat the crowd, and eat well. Personally, I like to start at Avenue du Mont-Royal and walk down towards Sherbrooke, The reason this is a 5-star (or 8-star or 11-star place) is because they do it right. There is never a bad bite in a Schartz's smoked meat sandwich, and that should be enough to garner four stars right there.And, it is a sandwich - you can actually eat it with your hands. There's some more stars. This isn't the Carnegie Deli, selling you something eight inches high that you can't bite into, this is a real sandwich. Enjoy.Plus, they treat you right, with a simple deli professionalism that gets you fed quickly and gives you time to enjoy. The sides are perfect deli style, nothing's been re-imagined and fusioned and brought into the 21st century, this is the real thing, traditional, and perfect.Why bother if its "just" a perfect smoked meat sandwich? Well, if you like your brisket and you like your pastrami and you like your corned beef, you probably want this while you're in town, and there is none better. There are, I am told, places that are "about" as good - this one is definitely great. So beat the crowd, and go!
4	I've had the brisket before in a sandwich and it was excellent.I stopped by recently for some take out.  The guy at the counter told me that they only allow you to order take out of brisket if you order the entire thing, which is about 10-12 pounds.  That's too much brisket for me, so I settled for the smoked meat which they do allow take out by the pound.  Their smoked meat is excellent.Service was prompt, although not necessarily friendly.   Then again, you're really just looking to get your meat and go - not make new friends.
5	If you're a foodie and find yourself in Montreal, make sure you find yourself at Schwartz's.The line for sit down is long, but the line for take out is short and since it's all about the food, that's what you'll do! I got a smoked meat sandwich and the smoked meat poutine. Wow, is that meat delicious! The sandwich competes with anything you'd get at a NY deli. That's a huge compliment from a snob like me. And the poutine OMG the poutine, this thing is an attack of yummy. I live in Wisconsin and certify that those cheese curds are as fresh and squeaky as they come. Combined that with meat, fries and gravy and you have yourself a bowl of heaven!
3	Its just ordinary smoked meat. The place is very crowded and there is usually a huge waiting line outside the door. I dont get why its so popular. I do like their tea though.
5	I really enjoyed my smoked meat sandwich and pickle!
2	Below average.. Too much fat in the meat, not enough bread to hold the meat making it difficult to actually eat the sandwich. Visited Montreal and thought this was a special place to check out, but now I simply can't recommend it.
3	I heard a lot about this place having the best smoked meat in town and the long lines out the door in the bitter cold led me to believe that it was true.  I can tell you that wasn't my experience at all . I thought the meat was ok flavor-wise, but it was exceptionally dry and the sandwiches were quite small for the price of almost $9. Final verdict is go for the service and atmosphere but I think you get much better smoked meat at Reuben's.
3	(Visited May 2014) Saw this on TV (yeah that AB guy), and decided we had to try it while visiting Montreal. Came on a Friday, line was out the door, but wait wasn't long. Got seated at a table for four with another couple. Ordered two "medium" (medium fat level that is) smoked meat sandwiches and sides of cole slaw and pickles. Cheap prices. Orders arrived quickly. Meat was good - but not as smoky as I'd imagined. A bit disappointing. The meat was also fairly fatty for "medium". Overall it was good but didn't knock my socks off. Moist but not terribly flavorful. Perhaps unfairly (?), i'd been expecting a lot of flavor. The bread was pretty plain too. The sides (cole slaw, pickles) even more disappointing, bland and tasteless, although I realize this place is all about the smoked meat. I don't believe in comparing apples and oranges, but compared to say, 2nd Ave. Deli in NYC, it was a letdown. Guess I'm more of a pastrami and rye kind of guy... But I'd be willing to give smoked meat another try. I was really looking forward to it after that AB guy sang its praises. Hopefully my taste buds just had an off day...
4	Perfection! The smoked meat is like none other. A must for those visiting Montreal to taste the authentic kosher sandwiches.
5	So, finally made it to Schwartz's after three months of living in Montreal. On one side, I see people on here say "it is not worth the hype". My friend, however, said don't listen to those people. My friend was correct. I ordered the smoked meat sandwich, medium-fatty, a pickle and a black cherry soda, and it was amazing. We went on a night where we didn't have to wait in line. But, honestly, I would wait in line next time. Also, people said that Main Deli across the street is basically the same...no it isn't. When I left Main Deli, I felt that the smoked meat sandwich was somewhat bland. I did not have that feeling when I went to Schwartz's. The meat, mustard and bread were all quite favorable. The service was quick and friendly. And as far as my recommendation, go with what they recommend, because it is probably the best way to have it. Easily, one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.
