5	I LOVE Chanel. Loooooooooooove it. Is this for the one in the Wynn? Well that one has really cool staff. They are very helpful. They always help me explain to my husband the importance of buying $2000 handbags. Also that you must have both the black and brown of sunglasses, etc etc. They rock!!
5	Gotta love chanel!! I find this one to be especially nice because not only is it in Vegas (best shopping ever), but it's in the Wynn, which I find to be a particularly pretty hotel. The people who work there are very very friendly, but overly friendly where they're 2 inches behind you asking if you need help every second. The lady who helped me was very nice, and I love how they wrap your purchases up all pretty :)
5	I didn't buy anything here, though it was great to browse and build up a little mental wish list of the handbags I wanted to buy.  Out of all the high-end fashion houses I visited while I was in Vegas, this was the least snobby- I actually got waited on by someone while I tried out their selection of exclusive scents.  I didn't buy the scent that I really liked, but I was mightily tempted.When I returned for a second visit the next day, yet another salesperson came over and helped me out while I tried on some handbags.  He actually smiled at me!  What a relief that was....I'm not the poor schmutz all the other places (that's you, Louis Vuitton and Gucci) made me feel like....
5	The ladies who work here are super nice and will allow you to look and think about what handbag you will get someday! It will pay off for them! I'm sure many people have gone there and gotten their wonderful service and came back for their splurge, as I will one dayThis chanel is super beautiful and even when it's closed you can window shop and see inside the store. I highly reccomend every girl gets herself a little chanel!!
5	Even though I couldn't afford to buy anything here, I'm giving the place 5 stars because the staff was wonderful and treated me like I actually had flipping great wads of cash to throw at their merchandise.  (You know, some places figure out pretty quick that you're just looking and  then proceed to ignore you.  Not here!)  Seriously, everyone was so nice, showing me things in the cases,  answering my questions, and explaining how their things were made without any snottiness or attitude (or any feeling that I was being watched as a potential shoplifter).  The store is very elegant and of course everything is displayed beautifully.  I thanked them for their efforts and went on my way, and if I ever do have the money, I'll be back.
4	The SA's are very nice here (Elizabeth in particular) and they really allow you to take your time and ask lots of questions.  I was able to try on and inspect as many bags as I liked without feeling rushed or pressured.  The sales staff was very knowledgeable about the products and availability.  This location has a great selection as well.
4	This location has a huge selection of bags - I saw bags there I have only heard/read about!  It's amazing to see them in real life.  The sales staff is very friendly and not snobby at all.  They are great answering any questions you may have and I really like the personal one-on-one service.
1	Absolutely the WORST experience in CHANEL I've ever had. The brand itself is hands down 5 starts, but this boutique? Absolutely the worst. Store is nice, but that is where the experience ended.I went in with every intention of buying a bag as well as some jewelry. I was staying at the hotel and I figured that this was just easier than running across the street to the CHANEL counter at Neiman Marcus (whom I found out later, didn't have what I wanted anyway.) The SAs are nice? Hardly. I walked in and two of the SAs were talking. One was polite and said hello, but then got a phone call. I unfortunately didn't get the name of the other SA... she is probably around 5'6", curly hair and African American. She was kind of sighed when I asked to see the tote I'd had my eye on but I shrugged that off. I tried the bag on and I then asked if I could see the jewerly that I wanted... at that time, some high roller from earlier in the day came in and this SA could not get away from me fast enough. She greeted him by name and immidiately went over with me standing there without so much as an "excuse me." I understand that she makes her money off of commissions, but frankly, the total of my items added up to more than what he spent. If commission was what she wanted, she could have made it off of me. I was so utterly disgusted with my experience at this CHANEL boutique. I got a vague, "Oh sorry, that was a client who had a really large purchase..." once she did return, but I was done. I will never give that store my business after that experience. Apparently I got the wrong person or something given the other reviews here but I was totally appauled. I've never expereinced this in any other CHANEL. I think I'll keep my business in San Francisco with an SA who actually deserves my business.
5	Unlike Anita B. I had a pleasant visit at Chanel. I was puttering around the store for a good 45 minutes until I decided what I really wanted to buy. I finally settled on a handbag and Joseph, the SA who helped me was great! He was so helpful in finding me the perfect bag: trendy vs. classic, black vs. brown.Additionally, I went to the other counter and knowing that I had already purchased from someone else the lady was still sweet to me. I was telling her how my other Chanel gets scratched so easily and she gave me a full on demonstration on how to get rid of scratch marks. I love Chanel, always have and always will! The excellent customer service is just icing on the cake to the superb quality.
5	I loved goin' in to do some window shopping here just the other day. I had considered purchasing a pair of sunglasses from the boutique, if they had the style I was looking for.  Anyway, I went into the store to be surprised by the great and positive attitude of the ladies who work here.  They are really nice and know that a lot of their visitors are not really looking to purchase anything so much as they are in there to dream about the things that they want from their store, or to just look like they have the money.  Believe me, I used to do that from time to time. Whatever!! I love that this store is clean and pretty simple in its design and displays.  Chanel is a fun place to shop and although they didn't have the sunglasses that I was looking for, they were really helpful in locating a store in Vegas that would have and hold them for me if I'd like. That was super sweet of them. I didn't have to even ask the sales lady to help me to locate those glasses. She was awesome. I guess she could tell that I was really looking forward to those glasses. So sweet! I'd go back anyday!
5	So our Las Vegas shopping tour started with Chanel. Surprisingly, this boutique is larger than one would think. Here you'll find the best of their bags, in seasonal and traditional colors. The sales staff are SO friendly and helpful. They help you try everything on, and are willing to charge send any item to you at any time. The sales associate I worked with was so dreamy. He looked like he walked right off the runway. He was so knowledgeable about every bag I tried, every shoe my friend loved and the items in the RTW collection. It was seduction.Careful ladies... Vegas tends to bring out the gaudy side of all of us. My girlfriend almost bought a pair of pink sandals here before I talked her out of it.
5	Much love for this place because I was treated very well despite only purchasing sunglasses and lipgloss. I say "only" because other customers were dropping serious coin. And yes, all customers should be treated with appreciation and respect but let's keep it real -this is freaking Chanel! One day the jumbo flap will be mine, but until then I will be content with my sunglasses.
5	I had a great experience with the staff at this location.  the boutique boasts a wide selection, much more than you'll find at the Wynn or Neiman's.  of course, (most) everything Chanel is gorgeous; what sets this one apart is the courteous and helpful sales staff.
5	I luv Chanel but, esp. this one ! Micheal in fine jewelry is the best, he will become your favorite rep. completely adorable and sooo helpful ! I can not wait to go back ! Don't judge guys gamble, girls shop ! At least I go home with something  that  doesn't involve a venereal disease and a bunch of lies.
5	Ahhhhhhh, Chanel. I am a handbag junkie. Started out with a couple hits of Juicy and Coach. Moved on rapidly to snorts of Kate Spade, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors. Cooked up a little Miu Miu, Prada and Fendi. Someday soon I will mainline Chanel. An intuitive sales staff clearly senses a true handbag whore in their midst. They let me oooh and aaah to my heart's content, knowing a sale is imminent. Soon, pale pink, we will be together forever. Ahhhh, Chanel.
5	Wynn Resorts opened Encore on Monday, December 22nd which houses a 2nd Chanel boutique located in the Encore Esplanade.  This store is a glow with its wide array of their lovely handbags, fashion and accessories.  The staff is a plenty so bring your sugar daddy here ladies and get yourself the latest pair of shades and one of their timeless bags...sigh.
2	Based on my experiences in the other stores in the surrounding area this one was the worst.  The staff were bored and not very helpful and just completely humorless.  I got a "you're not ready for this color" which normally i would find funny but her tone was so dismissive that it soured everything.  I wouldn't recommend for the staff but the products are beautiful!
5	I love Chanel, and I am uploading pictures for those of you who share my love for Chanel to see their beauty.
5	I went into the Chanel Store @ Encore and I was so happy to find a wonderful and pleasant sales associate named Sharoo. She was amazing and I recommend you ask for her when you decide to go to this particular store. She was so attentive and so nice. I found the bag I was looking for and all in all it was such a pleasant experience. A++++++ to Sharoo!!
5	This is my favorite Chanel on the West Coast. Great selection and very friendly, attentive staff. Let me tell you why they are the best on the West Coast* The two Chanels in Honolulu are so so. The staff only likes to attend to Japanese tourists* The Chanel in San Francisco- they are not friendly nor helpful* The closest Chanel to me in Palo Alto , Neiman's is OK..no good selection. * The two Chanels in L.A. are decent, the people are not too bad and the selection is whateverI know that in terms of square footage, the one at the Bellagio might have a little more room, but a 5+ star at this location. The people who work there will even write you thank you letters months after your purchase! Impressive.
5	Beautiful little boutique inside Encore featuring some very unique pieces and exceptional service.  You will not be disappointed.
5	The staff here are super friendly and they carry  great items I love
5	The Chanel @ Wynn is lovely. Great products and the atmosphere is friendly.They do not carry a vast range of products due to the store being smaller in size however, they carry great products. I would have to say my favorite are the bags and jewelry. My favorite item that I have received from their was a diamond encrusted multi-color Chanel logo necklace. It was absolutely stunning.If you are at the Wynn you should definitely check out the store.
5	Shopping at Chanel Wynn is for me, like coming home.I have amassed quite a collection from Chanel over the past few years and each one is dear to me.I love this store!
4	Great service. If you can't find the bag you're looking for, they'll check with all the other Chanel boutiques in the area and (if it's available) make sure it's ready for you by the following day or two. I asked the SA (sadly can't remember her name) about a limited edition bag that was about 3 seasons old, and although I knew it was most likely not going to be available, they still tried their best to locate it.Love the view of the Wynn's waterfall from the patio here.
4	I walked into this store on a Saturday afternoon and the place was pretty empty. I want to say there were more employees than folks shopping.The store isn't that big. The jewelry section is separated from the rest. Purses are up front.I love the purses and the jewelry is very beautiful. My favorites included a baby blue Chanel purse and a beautiful Chanel y-shaped necklace with drop down earrings. I'd never seen those styles before. Super lovely & elegant.Small store, nice selections.
5	Amazing service.  I want to say her name is...Angela.  I have to go back to my receipt book to check.  But yeah, she was pretty awesome.Because I know what it's like to go to different Chanel boutiques ::cough cough ahem:: with sales assistants of a DIFFERENT caliber who only help the seemingly ENTITLED bleach blonde cougars dripping with Harry Winston rocks.  And what can I say, I'm just a hardworking brunette who appreciates beautiful things.  =)Anywhoo.  I came here committed to the House that Coco built, just dying to add to my collection.  I desired something new, that would outlive 'trendy', something versatile, and my sales assistant literally went beyond my expectations.  (Like, why did I start out at that Neiman's Chanel boutique again?).  I will most definitely be back =)
4	Craig Miller and Sharoo are fantastic !! The staff there is very friendly and provide great non - intrusive customer service. Really easy to peak to especially with returning phone calls,  inventory calls, and  great for Chanel pursed over all, especially if you need to do a phone purchase their customer service and packaging is impeccable way superior to SOHO and SF Chanel boutiques.
4	My babe was never a Chanel fan....except for now.  Normally, I buy her handbags, purses, accessories, clothing, etc from Louis Vuitton, Prada or Gucci.On our last day in LV, we stopped by this Chanel at the Wynn just to look.  After a few minutes of browsing.....my babe saw an awesome red dress and heels that just rocked her world and my wallet!$3000.00 later, we left.....and she is now a Chanel fan!
4	This has become my Chanel spot in Vegas. The service here is wonderful. I loved how the sales lady saw we were Chanel-oholics and we needed a Chanel in every color! She let us go and peruse all the bags they had in stock not just what was out on the floor. I also love that they sell exotic skins at this store. Back home, exotic skin is illegal, so shopping here has more variety. Variety is always appreciated!
3	3.5 starsAfter being tossed over here by Chanel in Encore, a sales associate asked me if I needed help after a while.  I showed her my sunglasses and explained they had a manufacturing defect and Nordstrom in Seattle would not help me.  She took it in.  A couple sales associates asked me if I needed help while I waited.  She told me since it was from Nordstrom, she couldn't help me.  I told her Nordstrom sent me here and we don't have Chanel in Seattle so I brought it all the way here.  I asked her my options.  She left and came back and said "I don't know. You have to take it to Nordstrom." about three times.  I was getting so annoyed when one of her colleagues finally came over and told me if I had it repaired through them it would cost me $80 and Nordstrom should cover this.  She told me there was a Nordstrom in Fashion Show Mall and I should check it out.  If Seattle wouldn't help me, she said she was sure they could.  She then got my the card for the Chanel repair store if I chose to do it through them.  All I wanted was to know what my options were. 1 point for the first sales associate.  Thank god for her colleague.(For excellent customer service, see Dior across the way.)
5	Beautiful, beautiful store, how I love thee! I have wistfully walked past the store many times before in Vegas, longingly looking through the window at all of the Chanel items I would love to have. If I were a brand, I would like to be Chanel. This time, I walked through the chic doorway to pick out a gift from someone else to me (lucky me!) Though I previously had my eye on one item, the very friendly and very personable salesperson suggested another new item that I might like better, and in fact, I did! It is a fresh design yet still iconic, and is impeccably made. Yay! Love Chanel.
5	Great service! Very helpful.  I needed to return a bag that my brother bought for me from their boutique in south coast plaza and they went above and beyond helping me with the return considering my brother lives in la and returning the item in Vegas.  Instead I bought the jumbo I really wanted from the girl who made an exception for me. Amazing! :)
5	always ask for limited selections. they have them all
5	This was my first Chanel purchase and I picked the perfect place.  I originally wanted the classic flap bag in black.  When I walked by the store I saw a metallic gray colored one but upon closer inspection it turned out to be olive green!  It felt so right at that moment I decided to purchase it.  The salesman knew it was my first Chanel bag and he wrapped up my purchase so beautifully.  It was a great experience.
1	I called Chanel at Wynn 10/26/11 in the afternoon and asked if I could exchange an item I bought at chanel.com.  The sales rep said it would be fine as long as I have a receipt.  Awesome.  So, I left right away and drove from the north side of town, which is quite a distance, to exchange the product.  When I gave the brunette in charge of make-up my powder and receipt, she went to the back to speak with the manager and came back and told me she could not exchange my product and I would have to ship it back.  I got frustrated, of course, because I was just told it would be fine and I just drove a long distance, WHICH I explained to her, and this is what she said, "I apologize but it is what it is..." .  She didn't even care and did not even try to pull some strings for me, considering the situation.  I left very angry.  Since I was in the area I called Chanel at Belagio and asked if they would do it.  Guess what?  They did it.Shows the character of the girl in charge of make-up at Chanel at Wynn.  She knew I was misinformed and I I took a long drive to get there and she didn't even care.  That is just messed up.
1	After receiving a nice Ferragamo wallet from my BF for xmas, I wanted to check out the Chanel wallet and compare which one I'd like better.  While browsing at the Wynn hotel, I noticed the Chanel store and saw a wallet that caught my eyes.   I wanted to know what the price tag was for the wallet and asked the sales lady.  She was NOT friendly.  Very snobby and was treating me like I don't even belong in the store.  Granted, I was only carrying my coach clutch and was dressed very casual.   Not sure if it was the way I looked and dressed or maybe she is just that kind of a person.  Regardless, I was VERY turned off and walked away.  I'd do my Chanel shopping at the South Coast or Beverly Hills location.   FYI, that Chanel wallet isn't worth $800.
4	Ended up getting the wife's birthday present here.  We were actually at the Chanel store in the Encore portion not the Wynn, not sure why there are two stores so close together.  Lin helped us who was extremely helpful and friendly.  We highly recommend her.  We were looking at the wallets and Lin took out two  trays full of wallets of every type and color imaginable.  Never saw the selection in any other Chanel store like this one.  The wife found one which she had a hard time finding at other stores. We even got a dust bag for the wallet which usually is not included.
4	I was actually not a Chanel fan when I paid my first visit to this store, and was still taken away by how pretty it was inside and how well organized, and clean and well stocked they seemed. They had a ton of different bags, classic flaps, single flaps, etc. in many different kinds of leathers as well. The sales associate was very friendly, and although I didn't buy anything since I didn't know much about Chanel back then, they were still very nice to me unlike the snob-fest you experience in SF, and LA. I liked that they really take great care to locate items for you, even if they are discontinued. I inquired about some earrings (the first Chanel item I thought I could afford!) and despite not having it they tried their best to show me other ones in my price range! Amazing considering I was NOT dressed in any way like somebody who could afford much of anything. Great store!
5	Exceeded expectations on selection, staff and experience. Love the S/S2012 accessories - the entire wet pearl look was on full display (love!)  Selection is fairly complete - includes accessories, cosmetics, shoes, some clothing. Was impressed with the souffle, air-like texture of the Illusion D'Ombre long-wear eyeshadow. Clever merchandising showed off fantastic white tweed dresses with iridescent sandals, back-draped pearl strands. Fantastic, friendly, professional staff helped me and 2 girlfriends select sunglasses for each of us, taking into account face shape and considering our individual styles. An existing client happened to walk in while we were perusing and clearly loved the sales associate that was assisting us - nothing more compelling than a satisfied customer.Highly recommend this Chanel boutique.
5	Ultra luxe boutique--it's tiny but has some exclusive items. Annoor Iddeen is super friendly and knowledgeable.
5	This is by far the BEST Chanel store that I've ever been to! I'm pretty sure it's because of the NICEST sales associate, LIZ!!! I HIGHLY recommend her if you want to buy something from Chanel! She's the sweetest, nicest person everrr and I love to visit her when I go to Vegas.If you ever need makeup advice, ask for JESSICA!! She's amazing and will help you solve all of your beauty problems! She's super knowledgable and won't think any of your questions are stupid so ask away! The store itself is very organized and the other sales associates are very friendly. They also have a shoe section, makeup section and seating area (in the back!)Definitely the best Chanel store on the strip!!!!
5	who doesn't love chanel?!?!?  classic, timeless, and great!  loves chanel, yes she (me) does! :) loves!
4	I recently stopped in and saw a gorgeous bag that I just had to have. Stephanie helped me and she was a sweetheart the whole time even though I was a little tipsy and probably annoying. The only reason I am taking off a star is because when I got home and examined the bag I noticed it was uneven. It ended up being a defective bag which now I have to find another one to exchange. Other than that the service was excellent! Definitely ask for Stephanie when shopping here.
5	I'm from California and I usually purchase purses in Las Vegas due to the high sales tax rate.  It's either in South Coast Plaza or Las Vegas that I will purchase high end items since it will make some difference in price due to different sales tax rates. So I walked in the store and got greeted by some sales associates.  I picked out a bag that I liked and one salesperson came up to tell me that it's the last one in the store.  Before I said anything, she offered to check the other stores to see if they have a unopened/untouched item of same kind.  So I waited and she was able to get one but it will be the next day.  I told her I was leaving the next day.  She asked me to come back in an hour and she'll have the bag.She had gone to the other store to get the bag and had the bag ready for me in an hour!!I liked the super fast service and would recommend this boutique to others!
5	Located an the Encore HotelCollection of Chanel's Fine Jewelery Colllection.  This place is beautiful, hints of gold and art deco meets Asian inspired decor.  Amazing Service!  Love love love.
5	So I wanted to buy something nice for my girlfriend.  I knew a purchase here will cost me a whole month of salary. But I never dated anyone like her. I always hear stories that if you're not rich or look rich that you will be ignored. First we visited the rodeo drive store. But they didn't have what she wanted. 3 weeks later we took a trip to las vegas. Luckily she found the purse she wanted. I have to compliment the las vegas store with their impressive service. They sure make you feel special. Very helpfull sales staff. I'm not sure if i can ever afford to spend this kind of money again, but when I do I would drive from LA to Vegas, just for their service.
5	OMG!!! I love this Chanel store. The service here is way better than the one in SF. Lol. My sales lady was Jacqueline and she was beyond good. She helped me with everything. My hubby got me the jumbo flap bag and I'm loving it. I can't wait to go back and treat myself with another Chanel bag. Lol
5	Sooo estatic! So now that my love for LV has died drastically due to their crappy service, I've moved on to Chanel. Today I was on a mission to find my holy grail purse  BUT they had just sold out of it last week. LIN, the sales associate, was not only super sweet and non judgmental, she took the time to educate me on a few different purses...did I mention I got to carry a $21,000 croc bag and a python...?!omg yeeesh! But anyway, my name is now on the reserve list with my CC on file until they get a shipment in a few months. I totally recommend this location because LIN is by far the nicest Chanel salesperson I've met!!
4	Not all boutiques are created equal. We decided to buy our bags in this Vegas store (and not Beverly Hills--we're from LA) simply because we enjoy buying it from Jacqueline. Honestly, she says it like it is and has the best sense of humor. She made us laugh the whole time. So after we purchased a necklace from her, we made sure we bought my jumbo flap from her. And when I went to pick it up, she was so cute and told me to take a picture with the box.A girlie girl that brings out the girl in me.We'll be buying from her for years to come.
5	I do not see a separate Yelp account for Chanel in Encore. I wandered into both stores during my visit and met two very nice SAs: Amanda (Wynn) and Lin (Encore). Note: the boutique in Wynn is much bigger than Encore. I spent a little more time with Lin so this review is primarily based on her and the Encore boutique. She showed me many amazing RTW items which, to me, were more like beautiful pieces artwork.  There were two other in the boutique at the time, and I assume they were frequent shoppers because the SAs had items prepared for them in the fitting room before they even arrived.  Lin treated me with the same courtesy and respect that she treated these two other women.  I did not buy any of the RTW items I tried on, but I did purchase a pair of cute flats for my mother.  I will definitely be contacting Lin for more Chanel items in the future even though I live across the country. See my previous post on Chanel of Short Hills.
3	If you walk on to this location they barely acknowledge you unless you are dripping in money. I have been here many times and not only does their service suck the don't have a great selection. You would think they would but the
5	I just wanted to thank Lana K. for helping me purchase my first Chanel handbag (I'm sure my husband would also like to thank her for making everything so easy)! Lana was extremely kind, fun, attentive, and most importantly, genuine. I felt like I was talking to one of my girlfriends while I was with her!Originally, I had wanted to purchase a bag from the Encore Chanel boutique because I'd heard that they had more bags in stock and also less foot traffic. But they ended up not having the classic flap I wanted and the SA seemed very nonchalant while helping me. I ended up having to call around for my bag and I was lucky enough to have Lana answer my call and reserve the handbag for me. I also took the chance of asking for holiday black/gold camellias (for the wrapping) and Lana was nice enough to go look for some.I used to be all about LV but now I'm falling in love with Chanel. I guess my one warning about Lana is that she will make you want to buy more :) I'm already waiting for the day that I can go back to Vegas and visit the Wynn boutique again!
5	Purchased a jumbo flap last thanksgiving and now purchasing a GST over the phone.  Jacqueline is such a great help.  She responds to my text in a timely manner.  She's very professional and helpful.  Thank you, Jacqueline for all your help!!!
5	I want to give a big thanks to one your sales associates in Las Vegas boutique at the Wynn hotel. His name is J.P. He seriously made my birthday special. I have been running and calling around for the classic flap bag, but everyone said they don't have it. I was lucky to visit this location and to meet J.P. He was so patient, professional, and not pushy at all. He showed me everything I needed to see. After spending almost an hour at the boutique, I finally made my decision. I picked the classic flap from the fall/winter collection 2014/15! I couldn't be happier and over the top excited! I am very lucky to have found this flap bag! Best 30th birthday ever!Thank you J.P! You're the best! See you soon in Las Vegas, J.P! :)Other than J.P, none of the other sales associates at this boutique were friendly. The boutiques at the Bellagio and Neiman Marcus were even worse. They were rude, unprofessional and respectful.
5	Just want to say thank you to Lynne for sending me my Chanel timeless woc. It took about 2 months but it was worth the wait.  She is the nicest SA and will go to her when I am in Vegas.
1	If I could give them a zero, I would.  I went in there today with intent to buy a Chanel purse. It was my reward to myself for getting through two emergency surgeries last year.  Sales people were rude and didn't even try to help me.  What horrible stuck up sales people.
4	Gorgeous store in the Wynn. First store you hit when approaching the shopping promenade. I was in the search for the classic flap bag in a light beige color and was happy they had it! Been wanting this bag for a while. The store is immaculate and very organized. Even the make up area is well maintained. Staff here is so friendly and helpful. As soon as you walk in you're greeted by someone. Love shopping in Vegas not only because the tax rate is lower but the service is always awesome!
