2	Tony and crew lure you in with a $86.50 fee for a diagnostic and then found a horn ring or clock spring issue.  This is a cheap part and 30 min of labor according to the dealer.  We got hit with a charge of $565!  According to the dealer this should have been no more than $250 part and labor.  I recommend having any electrical diagnosed elsewhere as they used to be a great shop but have slid in recent years.  Buyer beware.
5	I brought my car in with an electrical problem that no one else could figure out, but Darin knew what was wrong , and fixed it in a reasonable period of time. I could be happier. The Rock!!!!
5	Finally I was able to get my car back in tip-top shape. After having my car at my regular shop twice they referred me to Elliott's. With me being a lady, I KNOW I've been taken advantage of at other shops. This was not the case at Elliott's. After bringing my car in they were able to identify the problem quick and then order the needed parts and after a short time I got my car back and haven't had problems since. I was treated fairly and feel I got the best service possible. Thanks Elliott's for such great service and for treating me right!
5	Had work done here multiple times and great work every time fast and never had a problem. I would refer to many people in the future. Exelent customer service very comfortable environment and felt that there would be no problems at all. I've had them tell me to go to other places that have certain items for cheaper and save me money. GO TO ELLIOTT'S
5	I have been going to Elliott's for a couple years now, and they have quickly become one of the only shops in the Valley I feel I can trust. I have brought my 2000 BMW in for wide a number of reasons, from major to minor; everything from a faulty ABS module and a broken A/C unit to bad wheel sensors and broken thermostats. Among many other things.They have always been highly communicative, honest, and fair; informing me throughout the entire process of what needed to be fixed, detailing throughly how everything would be done and what it would need to cost. They have always fixed only what needed to be, and never anything more, not allowing me to repair something that would be unnecessary for me to do. They have always been very timely and productive with their work; I recently had to replace my alternator and they had the job finished within the day. They are knowledgable and friendly, always more than happy to explain in great detail any specific questions I have had.I firmly recommend Elliott's Auto Electric to anyone who needs a timely, cost effective repair by honest professionals who have a great understanding of their work.
1	Not a good experience. At least I got a refund after the issue.
