5	I've purchased one vehicle here and it was a great experience.  The only non-Van Tuyl Nissan dealership in the city.  We NEED to keep these people open.  They are incredibly knowledgeable and worth the drive.  While my recent car purchase didn't end up being a Nissan (picky mother), Ashley was one of the friendliest, most knowledgeable sales reps I have ever interacted with.  Even after I told one of her coworkers that we purchased elsewhere, she was incredibly gracious and thanked me for trying.  When we are due for a new car, we are going to call her.  I love Coulter.  I wish you were closer!!
5	I have never been to Coulter Nissan, but with a Coulter connection worked with Nate Harris to lease my new Nissan Rogue.  He was topnotch, knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful!! After 6pm on a Friday night he drove the paperwork over to me in North Scottsdale (pretty much opposite sides of the Valley) with the vehicle - is that service or what?  Then Nate stayed late and showed me how to work all of the features to the new vehicle after a mountain of paperwork.  I absolutely love my new car, but the buying experience was way above and beyond what I expected.
4	Feb 2013 I was in sales looking at the 2013 Pathfinder for my wife. I was sadly disappointed with the way I was treated. In the end I was shown the door and was told good luck with my purchase somewhere else. I took my buisness next door to Larry H. Miller Chrysler Dodge and bought a 2013 Dodge Durango for her. She loves it.Only reason I did not give five stars was due to the sales department.  My four stars are solely for the service department. Larry and Mike take care of all of my service needs for my Xterra. I have been in 5 times in the last 3 months and all I can say is they know how to take care of the customer.  Prompt when returning  a call about vehicle status and even let ya know when your part has arrived. Thank you very much.
5	I found a new 2014 Versa Note advertised on their website and when I made the drive to the dealership it was actually there! And for the advertised price! No shady business here! I worked with Saul Sanchez and he made the process easy. I really appreciated it as this was the first car I've purchased for myself and I had been to several other extremely aggressive dealerships in the last month and was getting sick of the whole thing. Would highly recommend.
1	After being mistreated and misled by Pinnacle Nissan, Coulter looked promising based on the reviews on yelp and the advertised prices they have.   I was in the market for a Nissan Leaf and they had one equipped just the way I wanted it.  I called in and spoke to Geri and got my quotes, and went over the numbers a couple of times and was assured they would not change after taking the 40 mile trek to their dealership.   Guess what, the numbers changed, but that's not the end.  The car they had was a Back Leaf with Black interior, not my first choice.   They checked with other dealers and found a White with grey interior that they were to trade the White for.   This is where the story becomes grey.   They tell me the numbers were miscalculated and it was a "looser deal", but they would honor the price.   My opinion was very high of Coulter at that moment,  better yet they found a white car to trade for their black - but while getting the numbers straightened out they sold black car to a couple that came in an hour after us.   I was told no problem, we shook on the deal, left a deposit and were to come back the next day to pick up the white car.Next day I get a call, deals off they can't get the white car any longer, the other dealer wanted a trade and now they had nothing to trade so sorry.   Sure they were not going to go out of their way to accommodate this looser deal.   Point being in the end they did not stand by their agreement.What's amazing about car dealers - they are not bound by their agreements - yet if you were to not pay for a car all hell would be unleashed upon you.
1	Accompanied my mother to Coulter Nissan for an Oil change for her car. She really likes their service department.  While waiting for her car, we decided to take a peak at all the new cars. I ended up walking away with a brand new Nissan Rogue 2013 at a greatly reduced price. Since I hadn't actually planned to car shop that day, I was short on time and asked the sales team to make this short and sweet, $16,999 was my sales price. I couldn't pass it up ! Easiest car buying experience I've ever had. ****************  But Wait , It ALL Goes Bad from here on **********************1-30-2014  Since purchasing my car, I received a message from my salesman, Len, he just said, "Dana in Finance has been trying to get in touch with you, please call her back."  Well, I knew Dana was trying to get me to add on an extended warranty or some other extra, so I didn't return the call. I had had a very busy week at work, had just come home to put my feet up and have my son give me an injection in my stomach ( I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and am on a lot of medications) when the doorbell rang. It was Len the salesman that sold me the car.  He said, "I've been trying to reach you, Dana was able to get you a lower interest rate, you need to sign these new documents before tomorrow or the offer wont be good. I said, "Len, I need time to look over any new sales contract and I'm just too tired at the moment " He insisted that the offer wouldn't be good after the following day, but I had plans to help my son paint his new condo' and was worried I wouldn't be able to make it in to the dealership the next day, so exhausted, in pain, and wearing my pajamas, I had to let a salesman, whom I'd only met once in my life, into my home. I was not excited about that at all !When Len pulls out the new sales contract, I notice my monthly payment is higher than on my original contract, how can this be when my original interest rate was 4.99% and the new contract was offering me a 2.99% rate ????  Dana had added on an extended service contract and extended the payments by 3 months and my payments would be higher than with the higher interest rate ????  I didn't need to look any further, I said, "I'm not signing that."I was left with a sour taste in my mouth !  Why did they not offer me the 2.99% interest from the beginning ?  I feel duped !  If they wanted to offer me the extended service, they should have been up front about the cost and not tried to slip it in under the guise that I would be signing a new sales contract at a lower interest rate, and if they were able to offer a lower interest rate, why not do so from the very moment they worked up the deal ?  I have good credit , and my mother, whom I added as a co-buyer, has Stellar credit ,  what's the problem ?
1	Found the Nissan Versa advertised on their website for a set price. Contacted Tiffany with internet sales and she verified what the website states "what you see is what you get, no surcharge." We drive over and a guy Miguel approaches us in the parking lot.  We explain to him what we are looking for, again. After several minutes of unnecessary conversation,  which includes the typical convincing words of a car salesman, we see the transparent tricks of why so many Americans have terrible credit and are also backwards on an automotive loan.  The pitch includes:1) We should finance through them rather than the credit union. They can meet their rates and finance through that same credit union!!!This would be great if we hadn't planned ahead and already received a pre-approval with our credit being run. Francis  would  mean our credit is going  to be ghost twice in one week, creating an  unnecessarily deriogatory efffect.  We explain our disagreement  to hear2) Coulter Nissan must run your credit, regardless goog  how you okay two verify identity. Something to do with  terrorism. Seriously?!! A background  check would be sufficient bald also protect the public from ANOTHER hit on their credit. Basedn these first two items, we  came to the conclusion that Coulter Nissan seems 're starving you eat the publics credit  score ALIVE in a more than  desperate way to get your financing.Nonetheless, we waited for the "out the door" pricing sheet. Miguel returns with a sheet which has the  internet price. HOWEVER it also includes a $1977 charge forA "Coulter care package." The website advertises " the price you see is the price you  get." BEWARE! Not true. We were told they CANNOT sell a vehicle  without this package. This package we did not ask for includes:1) window tint  warranty. this is not something of  value to us. We are  loyal . Nissan owners and have never had  an issue with the tint2)nitrogen in tires. We  are loyal Costco members  and Costco has free nitrogen. Again, no value.3) maintenance package. This includes tire rotations and oil changes for 3 yrs  or 36000 miles. Not to exceed 4 in one year. Again, Costco offers free tire rotations. No value there. Oil changes, 4 per year for three years, a total of 12. Okay, this has some value with $40/per change, I can see $480. 4) wheel locks. You get locking lug nuts on your tires. Looking at stock rims and tires, not an item of interest. However, I will give them a value of $1005) encryption to prevent theft. Your VIN is encrypted in certain parts, like the windows. This will only prove beneficial if your vehicle is stolen and posted it to someone CERTIFIED to view this, not including craigslist, or the like.  No value to us. I will give $200 for the effort.In the end this additional $1977 cannot be eliminated. We offer to raise our price $800, which we feel is a more than fair value for this package.Miguel goes to his GM to see if they can"get a deal." The GM comes out and goes in several directions including "I can definitely get you into a car for that price" leading us to a used vehicle. OVER $1100 which they won't budge on for apackage we didn't ask for and do not want!!! In the end, we do not want our credit hit again, we want to keep our financing and we do not want this package though we were willing to compromise. No deal! Waste of our time and insulting. Wish I could give zero stars
1	I purchased a car at this dealership beware of the finance guys they will push everything and anything on you if you don't get it be prepared to be yelled at literally. The warranty they sold me was crap had an F on BBB and when you try to return it, suddenly no one wants to talk to you. Worst place and experience buying a car ever. Not much else to say, bought a cerified car, but can tell it's had body work as two different paints on car that they failed to mention that to me, I guess you can certify anything these days, just get out the check list! Don't buy a car at this dealer you'll regret it!!
5	Purchased a vehicle 2 weeks ago. They did not pressure as other dealers. Yes the manager came over but they were able to meet our terms too. Miguel was our salesman and let me say i have not dealt with a better salesman in the 30+ dealerships i have dealt with in my life. They do add their package but prices kind of equal other dealerships. I wish i wasnt charged for nitrogen i rather just do air. Overall i was satisfied. I tried Avondale Nissan and they were not as good. I asked for some car quotes and i was told to look for myself. I suggest you ditch avondale nissan and make the drive to Coulter Nissan.
4	Coulter Nissan was the best car buying experience I've ever had.  They  were upfront with the numbers, we weren't pressured, and the numbers never changed.  Very friendly service! It probably helped that we hit a great deal, but even if the car we were thinking of buying hadnt been affordable, I would still be happy with the service we received. It WAS affordable and now im here a week later having the aftermarket homelink mirror installed.  So far, the service department seems pretty legit too. I will update the review later to let you know how the service department does. UPDATE- While the service department was friendly and apologetic, my mirror is not installed.  Despite a 10am appointment, they were too busy and must reschedule. I will update again if the work gets done.  Bad part is we paid for the mirror when we purchased the vehicle so we already paid for this incomplete service. 4Stars...
5	We had a great car-buying experience today. My husband and I did our research prior to walking in. We knew about the Coulter package $$ and the fees. We still spent less on our new Nissan Rogue then we would have at other dealers. They really just want you to come in, for the low price. They still had the lowest price in the valley. We worked with Nate Harris. He was amazing. Not a stereotypical car salesman. He was nice, knowledgeable, and gave us a fair price. He really worked with us to meet our budget and get the price we wanted. Even the finance guy was fair with selling the extra warranty. We got to work out the right price for us. Buying a car doesn't have to be terrible. Even though we were at the dealer for a long time...we got a great deal without the hassle or run-around. Nate totally took care of us and was the best! We met the manager, but Nate was the one we dealt with the whole time and made the entire experience enjoyable. Plus, they feed you! Free water, soda, coffee, bagels, donuts and cookies! How great is that?
1	Rented a car from their office inside the dealership and had the worst customer service. The sales rep downgraded me to a smaller vehicle upon pickup which I was unaware of initially due to a family emergency.  The car's transmission dragged and nearly stalled at intersections.  When I called the next day to get the midsize I'd reserved (and one that was running properly) I was told that were no other cars available for several days. I would be stuck with the small, rumbling lemon that I'd been given for the duration of my 3 day rental.  When i asked why I'd been downgraded to a small car that wasn't running well the rep said "I have no idea".  No apology, nothing. When I returned the car they gave me a discount and also promised to send me a $50 gift certificate--even deliver it to my brother who lives a minute away.  The gift certificate never arrived--even after I called 3 times. Nothing like adding insult to injury.  Unacceptable.
5	Five stars aren't enough! By far and a way the best experience I've ever had at a car dealership!I was fortunate enough to have had an interaction with just about every area of the dealership. The girls in the internet department were all awesome. All very charming and friendly. All of the salesmen that I interacted with were top notch, first class people. I was even lucky enough to have interacted with the management team. Every one of the sales managers and desk managers were the absolute best. The finance team was also full of great people. Even the receptionists at the dealership were above and beyond what you would expect.You can tell that the Coulter Nissan dealership is family owned and operated because they make you feel like a part of that family from the very moment you step foot in the dealership. I will never purchase a vehicle from any where else and I will forever recommend that any of my friends or family looking for a vehicle head straight to Coulter Nissan. They provide you with a once in a life time experience.Can't stress enough how great the entire staff is. Full of world class people. Didn't want to leave the dealership when the time came.Thank you everyone on the Coulter team for making my experience at the dealership one of the greatest times of my life. I will forever remember it.
1	Honesty... That's the #1 thing to look for when getting your vehicle repaired. Coulter Nissan will lie to your face to make a quick buck, and is the epitome of why people distrust and therefore hate car repair shops.  I took my Armada in when the rear A/C stopped blowing. I paid $80 for diagnosing the problem, was then quoted approx $750 to do the repair. I balked at the price, quickly decided I would do the repair myself to save a bit.-Lie #1: "Your rear blower motor is shot"-Lie #2: "We removed the rear panel an tested, there is power going to the rear motor"-Lie #3: When I balked at the price, they "realized" they had mistakenly quoted me double the price for a new blower motor. -Lie #4: Was quoted 4 hours of labor to remove and replace the rear blower motor (at $150 per hour) (Ok Not technically a lie, just an overinflated estimate supposedly directly from Nissan, it took me about 2 hours to do it with improper tools. I I had to do it again it would take 1 hour)So I purchased a new blower motor online, took the car part, installed the new one, to my surprise it did not fix the problem. I then tested the motor I took out, worked perfectly, and tested the connection, there's no power going the the motor! I'm convinced they got busy and just quoted me the most expensive possible fix, if I agreed then they would actually figure out the real problem. (And still charge me the full price of course) I'm not sure what other explanation there could be?! The mechanic even told me to my face exactly what he tested, and it was complete lies!I then took it to a different nissan dealer, explained what haopened, which diagnosed it correctly. I bought the part online and fixed it myself for a total of $5.00, the plastic had broken inside one of the knobs that controls the A/C, and it now works perfectly. One last note very peculiar note: I dropped off the vehicle initially, my FRONT a/c worked perfectly. I picked up the vehicle from Coulter Nissan, and my FRONT A/C motor died on the way home (I live 2 miles away) I did take it back and discussed this with them, and gave them the benefit of the doubt and chalked that up to a nearly impossible coincidence, but since learning the rest of the story, I just don't know. Don't trust this dealer to ever work on your vehicle. Even if they correctly diagnose a problem, (which they wont) their labor estimates are inflated 400% over how long they actually take. I tell you what, loan me a GTR for a week and we'll call it even, you know who I am. Aside from that, I will not be back, and likely never go to any nissan dealer anywhere ever again.Honesty... Is it really so freaking hard?!
1	Came in looking to purchase a Nissan rogue the same day. My car engine went out and I had been driving a rental for two weeks at that point. I knew exactly what I wanted, found the car online,  came in and took a test drive with salesman Gary.  When it came down to negotiate,  they were absolutely ridiculous. I felt i was seriously mistreated, maybe because I am a young female and came in by myself.  Mo (Mohammed) the sales manager came over as I was walking out to try to negotiate. They tried to charge/sell me $2,000 for something that was already on the car!  He went down a few hundred which they had already increased the price over $4,000. Typical salesmen trying to make a exuberant amount of profit and mistreating customers.
1	As a loyal nissan owner & a person that frequents nissan dealers & service departments I can say they're the worst. We were so excited for this new location to open as its so close to home. We tried em several times & to our dismay it's always bad service & scammy service ticket writing upgrades to charge extra $. Unfortunately now I have go drive a little further from home to go to a Nissan dealer that's reliable & honest or just scrap them all together.
1	My review has gone from 5 stars to 1. I bought a car here in July and my experience was great but my Nissan car loyalty is over. The car started rattling with only 2,500 miles(2015 Sentra SV) which is extremely rare for a new car. We took it to the service center and they ran their diagnostics and say they found nothing but adjusted some things on the computer. As I'm driving off I feel the engine vibration again, in mediately I go back and tell the, it's the same. At that point they say they are too busy to look at it again even if I was already there. After arguing they agreed and I had a tech test drive with me. He acknowledge the sound and vibration. I left it there to be looked at again I had to leave while my wife waited for them to finish. She asked the tech manager of it would be better now and he said he could not promise, and she quoted him stating "YOU GOT WHAT YOU GOT" in other words we were stacked with the issue. That left a sour taste in our mouth and immediately decided to replace our Sentra. Long story short we traded our new 2015 Nissan Sentra SV with 2,600 miles to Camelback Toyota for a Certified Pre Owned 2014 Toyota Corolla LE with 9k miles. Right away we felt the difference and better quality.They paid off our loan and even though our payment went up a little  we are entirely happy with our Corolla now. They even gave us half the interest rate we got at Coulter. I had been a loyal Nissan customer for 8 years but I've given up on Nissan and their quality on cars and "you got what you got" attitude.You may pay more for a Toyota but they are really a reliable car company.
2	. I was recently sent an owners loyalty offer which seemed like a great deal. Any enthusiasm changed when I was told the extra $1900 in add on fees know as the "Coulter package".  My wife and I now use it as a term, when a company is trying to squeeze us. Husband: Hey whats this extra fee from Verizon? Wife: Their just trying to Coulter Package us.
1	Neighbors be careful I live blocks from this place, I have bought new cars from other valley dealers before but these guys are so unprofessional  they make you go through the whole process picking the car, back and forth with the price which sucks they you get approved go to finance and the following day tell you your loan did not go through. These people were either serious or they knew they were not making money on this deal. Don't waste your time. They SUCK!!!!! I went to pinnacle Nissan the next week and got the same car I wanted went through the loan process and was out of there in no time. Oh and with my loan approved!!! I will tell friends and family about this bad experience. If someone went through the same thing please post, that's the only way all of us will be aware. Thanks
