3	Meh first impression.This place just opened and it is in walking distance to my office.First impression is pretty neutral. I had high hopes seeing as you can see them making your gyros and you can see the meat spin.Service: took a while to place the order and the cashier was very confused and couldn't answer all my questions. The preparation took a while to be ready also. Probably a common pattern for a restaurant on its second day.Meal: I had the chicken souvlaki meal with extra tzaziki sauce, which was .50 extra. It came with fries and soda for about 10 $ but I got a 10% discount for working so close. The tzatziki sauce was a disappointment and I think it was the main reason I didn't really love the taste of my meal. It has a lot of herbs and not really even a hint of cucumber. The chicken was a little dry, and the fries were cold and unappetizing. Sodas are coca cola products with ok mix. (A little on the extra sweet side)
4	The bad first... this place is still very new, therefore the service is a little slow and disorganized. The good, was everything else. I got the #1
4	I was really pleased with Gyro Express! First and foremost they have a picture menu, score! Didn't your mother tell you that a picture is worth a thousand words? I was promptly greeted and my order was taken within seconds. The prices are slightly hire than other gyro places in the area but rightfully so. This place has a very open feel to it with flat screens all around so you can stay up-to-date on the latest sports and news! The kitchen is in the open so you can see exactly what the cooks are doing. The gyro meat is cut directly from the spit when ordered (just how I like it!). I had the Gyro salad which came with a pita. The salad was fresh and well balanced. However, I can't lie the tzatziki sauce is very thick but has a great flavor so I didn't mind. Beware, this place gets super busy around lunch time but they manage to keep the tables clean. I loaded some pictures of mine and my coworkers food.  I do look very forward to returning to this place again.
2	The owner of this joint, which is crammed into a Tempe strip mall, is named ED and he was nice enough to offer me compensation in the form of a free meal after an incident at his other place in Mesa. We actually talked on the phone the day before my arrival. The first thing I noticed is that whoever striped the parking lot in this mall screwed up. The spaces are so tiny that is it a guarantee your door will get dinged and there is no way a passenger can open their door all the way to get out the car. The place was packed at noon, but another thing that I didn't like was that when you get your take-out bag, the cashier says the forks are all the way back by the soda machine and the napkin dispenser is in front of you. How bout buying that cutlery in a plastic wrapper for us and throwing it in the bag?  As for the food, I got the Chicken Souvaki and it was edible, but not a very good sandwich. The Tzatziki sauce was tasteless and a watery mess because it was doused all over the sandwich (try giving to-go customers the sauce on the side). The big chunks of meat were white meat, but needed to be cut down to make it able to be eaten in a sandwich. Pita Bread was fresh, but due to how thin that sauce was you needed at least 10 napkins and it soaked through to the bread. Side salad was tasty though with peppers, onions, tomatoes, olives and crunchy lettuce and hey the dressing was on the side. Not impressed, but ED seems like a nice guy and the office workers in the area seemed desperate to eat someplace other than Subway, so he should stay busy.
5	Great food
2	The NEW location is alright at best,  today was the 3rd time we have been there and WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.  The place was empty until we came in so you would think they would have time to make our order correct - The amount of gyros on the pita was very sparce along with hardly any sauce, we had to ask for more and paid extra.  We asked for fries extra crispy and they actually came undercooked (barely done at all).  Also, not even hot in temperature.  And neither was the gyros !Oh did I mention the owner and 4 other cooks were in the kitchen along with the cashier......and again I will add NOONE was in the restaurant it was 5:30 now when we got our food.  People started coming in about 6:00 PM or so up until now "I can't think of a reason our order didn't come right".There is way to many other places that serves gyros - including their other location not far from this one in chandler.  I guess that's why there were hardly any customers at prime time dinner hour???
5	Great food, very fresh and the service is great as well.Had a combination plate with gyros and steak shawerma, the seasoning was super tastey! Service was wonderful, staff very friendly.
2	I have eaten here twice and I just do not like it. The food is not for me at all. I feel like my jaw is going to give out from all the chewing I have to do to eat the food. It hurts right now just writing this review. The staff was always super friendly and helpful, but I won't ever be coming back.
3	I've only had a handful of items, so I can't comment on everything as the menu is rather extensive.  I can say the Falafel Pita, Chicken Pita, and Chicken Salad are all rather good, however I personally find all of the bread a tad overwhelming with the pitas.  A few tips:-The address says Priest Dr, but it actually faces Warner.  Just a couple of doors down from the Dunkin' Donuts.-Good luck if you go during the noon lunch rush and try to dine-in.  The room is very tight with tables and you'll likely be sitting on top of another party who can hear your conversation.  On the plus side, you'll also be able to eavesdrop on theirs.  My trick is to go at 11:30 rather than 12.  If you're a late eater, maybe 1 would work better.-If you're trying to do low-carb by ordering a salad, they'll still tempt you by providing a side of pita and tzatziki sauce.  Just one aspect I love to hate.
4	I was very skeptical going in here. Another simple looking strip mall attempt in a less than optimal semi industrial location next to a gigantic tech center of some sort. I figured it would be at best average lunch fare thrown at a sea dockers clad software engineers. Not so. The environment is slick, clean and light, Chicago themed, with several nice TVs. The menu is surprisingly extensive and presented with photos of the dishes on LED screens. Lots of Gyros variations and full Mediterranean plates. Very nice.I had the Gyro number 1with fries. The pita was great, the meat flavorfully slathered  with a wonderful garlicky sauce. It was fantastic,It took a little while to get the food, which I loved because I knew it was being made fresh. The fries are the fattish waffley type and were delish, way above average. I am a fan and Gyros Express will be added to my burgeoning rotation of growing great places to eat in the South Tempe/Ahwatukee area.Thumbs up!
4	Drove past Gyros Express on the way to work one day and thought to myself I need to go try them out, so that day came and off I went.I got there around 11:50am little before the lunch rush and I placed my order to go and waited. Behind me was a group of 6 people who all placed their order as well and was seated and they all were served before my order was up. After 15 minutes I was asked if I had placed an order yet or had a number, I just told them I have been waiting for my order.  That kind of put me off, made me think that to go service isn't as express as if it would have been had I just eaten there. What I ordered was the chicken souvlaki pita combo with fries and an extra thing of tzatziki sauce, I love my fries in the tzatziki sauce, soo good so I didn't mind paying extra for it.  The chicken was very flavorful, tender and juicy; the pita was fresh and perfect.  This was a delish pita and just what I was craving.Glad I got to try another lunch spot within my work area, but didn't really like the feeling of being forgotten.
5	Very good. Service was fast, portion sizes were good, they're small salad was excellent
4	I like the food.I like that I get a discount because I'm a local employee.I like the location.But ... their registers aren't correctly coded for the correct Sales Tax ... and that's annoying.  Especially since the sales tax changes on 7/1 ... so if you are fine with pennies, keep going.  As of right now, it bothers me.
4	This Greek fast casual restaurant is right down the street from my gym so we stop here once in a while when we need a quick dinner after working out. The food is pretty decent. A lot of the meats seem to be cooked ahead of time and then reheated but I guess that is what you have to do in order to get it out fast. Their pita bread is always soft and warm and at least tastes like it was fresh baked in house. Unfortunately I am in the middle of a gluten free experiment so I can't partake in any of that right now. But I am happy that almost any meat on the menu can be ordered in salad form. I am pretty picky about salad dressings but I love the house Greek dressing. So lemony! Yum! The salad base is romaine lettuce but they also include a bunch of other fresh veggies like bell pepper, onion, tomato, cucumber as well as feta and kalamata olives.Most of the people working there are college age kids but they all are really courteous. We have always gotten great service. Last night we were there right as they were closing (8pm) but they still went out of their way to make sure we got everything we needed for our take out order. They also have sort of a Chicago theme going on so we got to catch part of the Bears preseason game while we waited.
5	Such a great place!!! Great menu!!!!! Top quality Mediterranean food. Service was amazing. Glad to find this place. MUST VISIT!!!! :).
4	I always get their salads and the Gyro meat is not greasy, Chicken is very good as well too. Lettuce, cukes, peppers, olives, onions. Easy location but can fill up at lunch with Honeywell folks sometimes. Pitas are great! Service is friendly and prompt.
