4	7/7/13A plane crash at San Francisco Airport forced us to stay an extra day in Vegas. After we checked out of Mandalay Bay and had our luggage stored, we walked around and stumbled into the Four Seasons, which is encapsulated around the Mandalay ground. Their pool is right next to the Mandalay Beach separated by partition.So we were killing time until it was time head back to McCarran.PRESS is a lounge overlooking the pool area. It consists of a full bar and a coffee/espresso stand. You can make purchase of coffee/tea and pastries and sit at the lounge, or order cocktails from the bartender. PRESS have plug-ins to recharge your iPhone and iPod dock. There's complimentary wifi. We split our time between the cozy indoor lounge and the poolside wicker chairs outside. It's perfect for catching up with friends or just chilling, reading a book.A cosmopolitan is just $12 here---yes, at the Four Seasons and service is impeccable. They turned on the mist outside and parts of the section have cushioned booths that sit up to 10. It's a gorgeous beautiful place hidden away from the Strip. I'll definitely return for drinks in the future.
5	It was a brilliant idea to create an alternative to the formal restaurant. Press is offering great food and drinks and it is prefect for the ones who cannot spend 30 minutes for a tea and a croissant. Four Seasons seems to adapt... that's great news!
3	Yes they serve Lavazza coffee, but it's out of those single-serve pods. Not exactly the upscale experience one expects at Four Seasons.Friendly, attentive service though.As a drinker of iced mochas, I'd actually opt for Starbucks over this (and I avoid the 'bucks whenever I can).
4	Having now sampled the hybrid pastry on both coasts and points in between, including the original Cronut after an amusing two hour wait at Dominique Ansel it was to swanky Vegas newcomer Press Lounge at the Four Seasons that Saturday morning led me and with valet, doormen, smiling servers, and pleasantries aplenty it was just after 7am that I arrived to find a trio of still-warm "New York Style Donuts" lined up beside a few other pastries, a duo selected at $4:50 each and boxed with great care as my car idled out front.  Ever service oriented and eager to please even as I snapped a few photos before tasting the goods it was first in the lightly sugared option that I indulged and featuring delicate laminated pastry beneath a light exterior crunch without a hint of oiliness this is as close to the 'original' as I've found, a supple interior chew harkening a simple butter croissant but unmistakably a donut as well - an effect replicated in the rich chocolate option, though with far more 'mess' as the heated ganache slowly dripped through the donut's hole with each bite through innumerable golden layers.  Admittedly still a fan of the slightly more nuanced, crisp, and less sugary "O-Nut" at DK in Santa Monica or that found locally at Coco, for those looking for an Ansel-esque croissant-donut without the airfare and 2+ hour line it is hard to argue against either "America" at New York-New York or Press, though with similar pricing the latter proves far more appealing to those adverse to navigating construction or a smoky casino floor.For now I'll score this place 4 stars given the limited pastry menu, but dinner may change that soon if the small plates and desserts menu proves equally impressive.
4	Swanky. Right inside the entrance of the Four Seasons Hotel, the b/f and I came here specifically for some croissant doughnuts that I'd pre-ordered for an event with Yelp friends.  This is definitely out of the way for us, but I have to say that I'd love to hang out here more if it were closer.  First of all, the dough'sants are good, albeit pricey, as was the almond milk latte that I got, but, hello, it's the FOUR SEASONS.   I wasn't surprised or shocked that it would cost me more.  All along, I had wrongly assumed this place was a cafe, but it's basically the hotel's coffee bar.  There were two friendly people working the bar and us when we arrived around 8:00am on a Saturday morning.  My order of a dozen donuts was ready when we got there, each one in individual boxes- so fancy!  Since we had time to kill, we had our coffees and relaxed in the seating area adjacent to the bar.  They have comfortable seating complete with outlets and even phone chargers for different cellphones--fancier!  There is also outside seating on the patio that looks very chill.  The b/f and I agreed that we'd come back soon for more swanky, fancy coffee and pastry, plus our laptops when we need a lovely change of scenery.  And, when we have some extra money.
4	Polite service, good drinks.
5	Great food and drinks with a wonderful staff!  We enjoyed many of the signature drinks and had the famous smoores dessert, which was fantastic! We will be back!
5	I stay at the Four Seasons about once a month for work, and I absolutely love The Press. The service is impeccable (as it is throughout the hotel) and the food is delicious. I've stopped by for breakfast, drinks, and dessert, and greatly enjoyed them all. The last time I was in town I shared the cronuts and banana split with some coworkers. The cronuts were a bit too cold for my colleague's liking, and the manager was extremely apologetic and rushed us out some fresh ones. I can't say enough good things about the Four Seasons or any of its amenities!
5	My rating is for the Cronuts. I haven't had every one in town, but I have had most. Press is my pick for Cronuts in Vegas. I love the simplicity, the wonderful crunch and the texture of the middle.
5	Stopped in for a drink and some flatbread late at night (well, 10pm, which is late for us) and we have no problems to report. The service was quick, the food was good, and the drinks were strong. Very nice hotel bar, and they serve coffee for the next morning.
5	Love the ambience! Be it coffee or a drink, it is a calm place to just relax and unwind! Pictures attached
