5	If your in the mood for great soup and sandwiches and desserts that are as good as any I have ever had, then your in luck. Cafe Zupas won't let you down. Give them a try. They are super friendly despite being opening week.
5	Super nice service, delicious food, fresh ingredients.  Doesn't get any better than that.  The sandwiches are a bit on the small side but it gets the job done and fills you up pretty good, especially if you get their combo - two of a full size sandwich, half soup or half salad.
4	Great concept, great service, great soups and salads but was not impressed with the sandwich my wife got.  Everything is pre-done to make things roll quickly.  It is a Chipotle style restaurant that you order as you go down the line and pay at the end.  The variety was awesome but the sandwich was a little soggy by the time we got to eat it.  The place is large and super casual but very bright and lots of fun for the kids too.  Will come back for sure to try more soups and salads.
4	The set up was cool here! Very bright and energetic. The employees are nice. I ordered a chicken chop salad and the chicken enchilada soup combo. It was tasty. Fresh. I also tried my friends lobster soup. It was too fishy for me.
4	Awesome food I had the 2 combo for like 8.50 give or take a few ,I got a whole crab and avocado melt really good ,and a half chicken Cobb salad to much for me .Shared it with the wife ,awesome service friendly staff help you pick out food and the desserts looks good ,and you get a chocolate coverd strawberry and they have a 3.99 kids meal awesome place good food.
5	Staff is very friendly and helpful. My mom is very picky with food and they let her taste the salad dressings and was very patient with her order. I love their Chicken Tortilla soup and their salads are all fresh and flavorful, I wish they would open some in Southern California. I will continue to stop by any time I'm in phoenix.
4	The salad and soup were very well done only to be bested by the friendliness and enthusiasm of the staff!The meal was topped off by an amazing chocolate covered strawberry.If the competition is Paradise, I think they have edged them out slightly!
4	Over-priced, but super friendly staff, great quality food, very fast for the quality as well, and great selections! Kind of lame you can tip the ones cleaning your table, but for how much they program the people to up-sale and get every last penny out of everything, I can see why they don't want you tipping.Aside from the closed on sunday and weird corporate feel of the place, love to get a good salad and soup in 2 minutes!
3	Very Fresh, and good atmosphere. However the girl we dealt with behind the counter was neither fresh nor very good with patrons.  We decided to build our own Salads and instead of just advising us that the price would increase with more than the four standard ingredients, she chose to tell us that we couldn't add them, trying to hold us to the four ingredients.  A build your own salad should be just that, "Build your Own", or at least allow you to have it built your way.  When all was said and done, the salads were tasty and fresh, and my son's sandwich was good as well.  Hopefully when, or if, we return we don't have to deal with that gal again.  The prices are fair.  This sentence is from my 6 year old son.  he wanted to say something as well.it was a very good time.
5	This place is just awesome! Try the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup you will not be disappointed. The sandwiches and salads are fresh and tasty. This spot is the place to be on a cold n rainy day.
3	Jury still out. I need another visit. Hard to describe the place. Bright well decorated. Probably not correct but to me I would call it trendy. What it reminded me of was the old cafeterias. Go in order what you want as you walk along. Drink vending is in an awkward place and causes you to have to look to find.What reminded me most of the old cafeterias is the noise level. Very loud. You have to talk loud for the people at your table to hear you talk. The food was good and the price was a little high for the quantity of food you receive. Oh! you do get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. This is another place for me to visit again.
