4	This small surprise of a find really made me happy. Originally I had gone to the shopping complex for Euro Cafe...it is closed and it looks like there is a frame store in its place.It is located on the northeast corner of Longmore and Southern directly behind McDonald's and right next to Life Uniform.BTW -- What is it with strip malls with strip malls behind the strip mall? Also, what's up with the inability to properly NUMBER a freaking building? The numbers here are hidden so well, you practically have to run into the building with your car...even though it won't actually guarantee that you will find the number.  URGHAnyway, I digress...sorry! For a scant $10 I was surprised to get a 12 inch philly cheesesteak with fries and a drink.The meat was lovely and not mega greasy like some other Philly Cheesesteak places. The cheese also wasn't added on top as an afterthought, either. They had taken the time to actually blend it with the meat, onions and mushrooms -- heavenly! The result is something that doesn't stretch for miles on end after you take a bite, only to sloppily land on your shirt or even worse, drop food onto your lap or plate. The fries were not dipped in salt like Two Hippies. They serve Coke products -- boo, hiss!The owner (or I am assuming he is the owner) and I were talking about Euro Cafe...He said it's been closed for over a year. He said I should try the Gyro next time...and I will.Decor is scant, but functional...and it is wonderfully clean. You won't feel like you've stumbled into the kind of place that will make you feel sick after the first bite - I loved it here.I really hope this place does well. I have my reservations because of where it is located - behind two fast food restaurants and a strip mall that's about 20% empty. I wouldn't have found this place if I hadn't pulled over to google Euro Cafe on my phone.
3	Gosh am I picky!  Shawn, my main cheesesteak taste tester and consultant representing the 16 year olds of America, would perhaps give this one a four star.  I took off points for size of the roll to the quantity of meat, and the absence of provolone when I ordered.   I also take marks off for being closed on a Sunday...Sometimes you need a cheesesteak after worship.  Just saying.Despite the hours and the cheese preferences, this place is in my opinion not as good as Cordeleone's in Tempe, but is certainly worth stopping at to get a taste of the ole neighborhood east.  The average cheesesteak lover will find this perfectly acceptable and will not blink once while smelling all the grizzle on the grill.They even have Tastykakes...a personal favourite of mine and I think that I heard rumour of soft pretzels being murmured as becoming available soon.  I also liked seeing all the old Philly paraphenalia all over the place.
4	I had the philly cheese steak and it was FAN-F*CKING-TASTIC! I ordered a side of ziki sauce to dip my fries. This places is small and hidden but makes a filling lunch that's for sure. Don't judge this book by its cover.
4	Their Philly Steak sandwich, meat and cheese in every bite, honestly very tasty! As a disclaimer I have never been to Philly so I cannot tell you how authentic this sandwich is, but honestly I do not care because it is that good. The restaurant appeared very clean and picture my surprise when I asked for ketchup and they reached in the refrigerator and handed me a chilled bottle. Wow! I thought I was the only one with OCD to the extreme that the thought of using a ketchup bottle that has been sitting out, for who know how long, is so disgusting and that is the norm at most places, but not here.   This place is well hidden behind a Mcdonalds, so make sure you get the address and set your GPS for the next time you find yourself hungry and in Mesa.
3	I had half of a philly and all I can say is I wish I had gotten a whole! The half just teased my appetite making me want more, so it was definitely a good sandwichIf you're not looking, you'll definitely miss it. They do charge extra for toppings such as cheese, mushrooms, peppers, etc...Overall it's a good place to try out if you're in the mood for a philly and the owner was nice.
3	**3.5 stars**This place, surprisingly is not half bad!  Its a cute little place at the very end of a very sad empty strip mall, but it holds it own with delicious food!I cruised in here last night to try something different.  They have a variety of menu items, from Gyros, to burgers, along with some wings and Philly steak sandwiches.   Heaven to me!I went with a Gyro, and it was surprisingly tasty!  Plenty of seating here, with TV's and a menu to make most happy.   Great hours too!  Aside from being in a sad empty strip mall, go check this place out!
4	Delicious, had the philly max, combo was around 8 dollars. Pepperchinis top it off perfectly. Defiantly recommend if in the area.
4	So when I first drove up to this empty stripmall I thought oh this isn't good.. But went in and had one of the best meals.. I had their special 5 inch Philly sandwich with mushrooms and onions & cheese, it came with 4 wings and fresh cooked fries and a med drink... The staff was very nice  and we will be coming back again!
5	Found this place when I got lost in Mesa, I went in starving and the pleasant service was almost as big a relief as the amazing sandwiches. I ate one while the nice folks working there gave me directions, I was so grateful I bough sandwiches for the rest of the family and a few for experimentation later. Two of the sandwiches didn't survive the trip home because they're just THAT good. Don't hesitate to drop by if you're in the area because it's worth the trip and worth going out of your way to enjoy.
4	It was my first time here & I've gotta say i was very impressed with the food. I got a BBQ Philly & honey hot wings. The Philly was juicy and full of flavor. The wings were good but i would have loved them even more if they were actually spicy. They're more like honey wings. Will definitely be back.
4	My family loves this place, too bad it's so far away from us in Gilbert. We always get their large philly cheese steak subs to go and they're still hot even after a 15 minute trip home. Only downside, their subs are extremely greasy, so you'll need a couple napkins indulging in this fatty sub!
5	This is my sister's restaurant, so I am a little biased but the food is great and the owners are great!!! :) I recommend the wings, Gyro, turkey BLT, or cheese steak.  I also love the zucchini sticks.
5	Great place.  Hard to see behind Carl's Jr. on Southern Ave but is Worth finding!
5	Great food, great service, this will become a my new bi weekly eating joint.And they deliver.Had the Philly Max and am in love.
2	Friend had a craving for a Philly Cheesesteak, so away we went on the hunt. Ran across Philly Steak & Wings and thought we'd give it a try. I used to know the family who ran this place. They had a great lil place on Broadway between Stapley & Mesa Dr. called "Max's Cozy Kitchen".  BEST sandwiches ever; and really nice people. They decided to move over my MCC, and it went bad from there.  I really don't think it was the food, but the location stinks. This area of Mesa is a pit these days, surrounded by vacant strip malls and skleezy people.  Appears the family has sold.  The new management is seemingly keeping the philly steak sandwiches same and they were very good.  I wanted to try the wings, because if you're one of my followers, you'll know I'm in search of the best wings and pizza in Arizona.  The wings here were gross. I'm pretty sure they were pre-cooked and just reheated in the microwaved in some hot sauce.  They were dry and tough. The sauce was pretty good (Frank's Hot Sauce), but it didn't cover the strange taste of the wings.  The combo came with fries which were decent; crispy. The ketchup squirt bottle had a nasty crust-ring of ketchup visible just under the cap which REALLY turned me off, as it's a pretty good indicator of their lack of cleanliness. Too bad too, cuz I really liked the sandwich.  Think I'll keep hunting.
3	Random stop in this pretty empty stripmall led me to try the cheesesteaks here. It is a decent deal at 9 bucks for  a 10 inch combo with fries and a drink. The fries are standard bag variety, but served very hot and salty. I usually ask what kind of meat they use, but forgot and this wasn't ribeye. The food was servicable, but nothing memorable and I only finished half of the thing. There were alot of onions and sweet peppers and white american cheese was used, but meat quality took it down a few stars. It's ribeye or bust usually for a top notch cheesesteak. Get the 5 inch sandwich if you find yourself here and I don't know how you possibly would end up here. I had a friend staying closeby which is my excuse.
4	My fiance & I were looking for a delicious sandwich spot, so hit up Yelp for recommendations & ended up here. I got a Philly with steak, white american, lettuce & tomato. It was super yum! The meat was well done like I like it, thin, not super fatty, and seasoned well. The bread was unbelievably soft! Like crazy soft. The veggies were fresh, no brown lettuce or unripe tomatoes.My fiance also had a Philly sandwich...I forget what it was called. It had steak, white american cheese, green peppers, banana peppers (although I could've sworn it was jalapenos), mushrooms, and maybe something else.Inside isn't anything special. A few basic tables with chairs, a tv, and a sweet mirrored wall to watch yourself, or others if you're into that sort of thing, eat. The gal behind the counter was super nice & accomodating. There was a table of business dudes, and one other lonely fella there when we werethere around 1:00/1:30ish, so we definitely missed the lunch rush. By the time we sat down after getting our drinks and napkins, our food was ready and delivered to us at our table! Gotta love speedy food delivery when you're starving. All in all the Philly's were super dericious, not super greasy. We split the frys that came with his combo. The large sandwiches and half an order of frys was enough food for my fiance and I, and we both left with full tummies. It was about $15 for both of us, which isn't bad considering feeding 2 at a fast food restaurant is nearly that much. Can't wait to go back. Now that I think about it, maybe I'll hit em up for lunch today!
4	Cool local place to get some tasty Philly Steak Sandwiches and then some when shopping around the Fiesta Mall area in Mesa. Nice clean and tidy restaurant with super friendly service and a yummy menu to satisfy your hunger. You may even see the local law enforcement eating lunch while you dine which I always enjoy.They offer several versions of the Philly Steak Sandwiches as well as Hot and Cold Subs, Gyros, Chicken Wings, Salads, Burgers and more. Hot Dog!I like my Philly Steak with Cheez Whiz or White American depending on my taste for the day. The Philly MAX comes with onions, mushrooms, pepperoncinis, sweet peppers and a cheese of your choice and is what I like to order. It's hard not to resist some crispy fries covered with Cheez Whiz and maybe some bacon added for an extra buck. They also have several other options for sides such as onion rings, fried mushrooms, zucchini sticks, curly fries, popcorn chicken, mozzarella sticks etc.Located right behind that Carl's burger dude off Southern in a somewhat dilapidated strip mall due to the economy. No worries. Definitely worth a visit. See ya there next time. Thumbs up!
4	Great cheesesteak place with surprisingly good hot wings. Definitely a must try spot. Just wish they had extended hours.
2	This place was "ok" I ordered the number 1 the half Philly cheesteak sandwich with fries and a drink. The total was almost $9. The fries were great. They gave a lot and were good and crunchy. The sandwich on the other hand was completely bland with little flavor. It was mostly bread a huge thick bread to make it look like a big sandwich. I added mushrooms for an extra charge and it was like they didnt even cook them, almost as if they microwaved them and slabbed them on. The fries were good but definitely not enough to make me come back again!!
5	Being from the East Coast, I was looking for "hole in the wall" restaurants out here in Arizona.  Scottsdale doesn't have too many mom and pop shops so I had to drive around the areas that are more profound of mom&pop shops.I drove down Southern and was about to hit up McDonalds until I saw this place right behind it.  Gyros is one of my favorite hot meals but what attracted me was the Philly Cheese Steaks they were advertising.  I went in and it felt like the restaurants I would walk in my home state.  The food smelled delicious and the prices were the average price.  They have a really good selection of food even though their advertising scheme is Cheese Steaks, Gyros, and Wings.  Customer service is a plus and they had our food out in average time.I ended up ordering a Gyro combo and my nephew ordered a Burger combo.I'm not a picky eater, so when I dug in, I ate it and thought of the gyro being a good gyro.  My nephew however doesn't really approve of hole in the wall restaurants, but after taking a bite of the burger and his fries, he actually likes the spot.  Me and him will definitely go back in the near future.
5	Still have never been let down with the quality and taste of all the food here. The hot wings are always made perfectly, and are noticeably bigger than most restaurants. The cheese steaks are wonderfully delicious every time, and I was even totally surprised how good the salad was. The staff are always very friendly, and phone-in orders always seem ready by the time I can get there. Great local spot that deserves lots of success.
1	10 inch sandwiches extra meat loaded, cost me 20 bucks, not worth it.
5	This lil hidden treasure (emphasis on hidden) is totally DELISH!!!  We had cheese steaks with provolone and mushrooms; I was secretly very pleased to see that they even offered cheese whiz (for those looking for the TRUE Philly style cheese steak); the rolls were fresh and tasty and the meat was seasoned almost perfectly; I am from the East Coast and quite close to Philly, so, was accustomed to a bit more grease and pepper, but, otherwise......AMAZING!!!  Oh yea, the fries were also really hot and crisp!!!  We'll be back!!
4	Kind of a pain to get to with the construction.  The guy taking the order seemed very inefficient and confused.  The Pilly Max cheesesteak was AMAZING.  I loved the bread and the gooey cheesey mushroomy steak on it.  I would order it next time with just cheese, mushroom and meat though as the other flavors got old as I was eating the huge thing.  Fresh brewed iced tea was a huge plus.  My kids shared a huge turkey and avocado sandwich.  They thought it was just okay, same with the fries.  We took it to go and it wasn't super fast but not to slow either.
4	Pretty great food. I will be back.
5	We eat here frequently for lunch- I haven't had anything  bad here. I crave the Philly cheese steak with everything- it's amazing. I have recently discovered  the gyro platter which is delicious and on the healthy side- that is until I add the mozzarella sticksor fried zucchini- yum!!
5	Great food, Great service, very very clean, the owners are Great!!!!!Right across from Fiesta Mall behind Mcdonald.
4	Impressive cheesesteaks. We don't live in the area but were visiting this part of town and decided to stop here for dinner because of the good reviews. We were not disappointed. The wings were spicy and good. The cheesesteaks were delicious. I had mushrooms and onions on mine while my husband had everything on his. Super good. We will definitely be coming back here the next time we are in the area.
5	It's so easy to miss this place as it is tucked in behind a McDonald's, but that's what we call "a hidden gem" in the biz... "the biz" being the business of finding rad little tucked away restaurants that serve good food. I've eaten here twice over the last few years, and it didn't really register with me that it was the bomb for some reason... it was good, but I guess it was because it wasn't my neighborhood place back then. We recently moved closer to it though, so last night my girl brought me home a full cheesesteak. It was indeed "the bomb," and I realized that I should have put it on my list of great cheesesteak places a lot sooner (I don't have such a list yet, but if I did this would be on it for sure).The meat was tender, seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Most cheesesteak places use roughly the same meat and cheese (in varying quantities), but beyond that, the differences will come down to how well they cook and season the meat, and what kind of bun they use. Here, they use a good ratio of meat to cheese to bread. Not too much cheese so that it's all over your hands and everything else - just enough for flavor. I might have to try it with a tiny bit more meat next time, but really it was plenty. Every bite was perfect end to end. The bread they use was soft and chewy. Some places give you dryer or harder bread - I prefer the softer stuff because it goes along better with the savoriness of the meat.The few times I've been in there, it has been clean. The owners and staff are always really nice. I've tried talking them into doing delivery, but I don't think they're set up for that. Having eaten from here a handful of times now, I'm realizing that it's also been consistently good. It's pretty safe to bring your friend from out of town who claims he can't get a decent philly and act like you've got the angle on the best kept secret in Phoenix. The truth is, there's nothing magical about the cheesesteak in general. It's not tough to make, and as I said the ingredients are roughly the same everywhere you go (like, the meat is probably literally the same product from the same distributor). It's easy to mess it up, but it's also not terribly complicated to do it right. These places that brag about being the most authentic or legit or whatever are just blowing smoke. Also the idea that you can only get a good or authentic cheesesteak in Philly is absurd. I've had a few (one from the most famous place actually in Philly), and they're all about the same. I guess some places just achieve the highest level of greatness one can achieve with these simple ingredients, and then it just becomes a pissing match over who is more authentic or who is more from Philly or some other thing that doesn't matter. This place serves among the best cheesesteaks in the Valley, and rivals the best I've had in Philly or anywhere else. I live closer now.... I'm going to get fat.
5	The only place I'll go to get a Philly Cheese Steak!! I don't add any sauce because it's already sooo good and flavorful! I just get steak, cheese, and onions!! Mmmm!! Went yesterday for lunch and then back again today for lunch!! GO if you haven't!!
5	This place is one of my favorites. Very low cost for such quality and quantity. I don't often get full for so little money, but I was completely stuffed after I finished my meal. The Philly cheese steak was delicious; every bite satisfied my taste buds. This is one of those places where you are gonna wanna try everything on the menu.
5	Great food and great service! We love to come here when we are craving cheese steaks! We used to go to Forefathers weekly but price hikes and increasingly poor quality had us looking for new places. Definitely glad we found this place.
4	Stopped here while in Mesa for work based on the yelp reviews. Needed something quick before our class. When I pulled up I was a little worried. No cars and didn't look like much, but the reviews were great so I had to try it. I had the special,  a 5 inch philly cheese steak and hot wings. I liked it all. I ordered mine with cheese whiz,  but it had provolone when I got it. Didn't have time to change it. It was still good. I will have to try it with cheese whiz next time. Prices are good and the portions are just right.
4	The wings were ok. They serve them with carrots, and celery. I also had a free yelp coupon for fries (awesome!). Overall decent,  I may be back.
4	I cant answer about the Cheese Steaks because I've only had one here once. It was really good but I can't compare it to anywhere else cuzz I don't usually eat them. But this place has awesome wings and zucchini! The price is a little higher than other places even their combos. But you'll leave satisfied even tho your wallet will be lighter lol
5	These guys need help. A gem in an empty business park.  Great $10 Sunday Deal. 5 inch philly, fries,  4 wings and drink combo $9.99. I had them twice so far, great all around.
4	Love this place , I tried the gyro & the garden salad with chicken . They were good but I wish there was more lettuce then chicken . I could of made 2 salads with the amount of chicken they put on ... But I definitely will be back .
5	Great place to stop by for lunch. My Favorite is the dozen wing combo. I would probably stop by here before every Sunday football if I could.
3	It was ok, they have a good daily special and good sunday special. Honestly I don't know what a "real" Philly Cheesesteak tastes like, so it's hard for me to judge. I would have given it a 4stars, but after eating it, I seemed to burp it up nastily. Still tasted really good, but like I said, it made me do lots of gross burps for the next hr or so lol
4	Gyro here beats Pita Jungle, which doesn't say too much but if you're a gyro fan, you will enjoy the gyros here.French fries are fried perfectly. Crisp on the outside and slightly chewy on the inside.Chicken wings were a bit dry but I loved the sauce it came in. I ordered 'hot'.Philly Cheesesteak bread melts in your mouth. I'm not a philly cheesesteak aficionado per say but this one is worth a shot.$5.99 on Sundays and Mondays will get you a Philly Cheesesteak, side of fries, 4 wings and a drink.
