5	My husband and I participated in this tour today, and really enjoyed ourselves. It was the perfect mix of seeing the Madison isthmus, enjoying a sampling of food at numerous locations, and learning more about Madison and the downtown area. Our guide was knowledgeable about architecture and Madison history. The pace of the tour was good, and the walking distance was perfect (from the Frank Lloyd Wright Monona Terrace to the Memorial Union on Lake Mendota). I'm a Madison native, and my husband is a transplant. We found plenty to enjoy in this tour, and will definitely suggest it to guests in the future.
5	Monroe street tour was wonderful!!, great food all in walking distance!guide was well educated in Madison history. The food was excellent choices. went to many places I did not know were there! pizza, salad, beligum beer, mussels, so fun! enoyed every moment, if you live in madison or visiting this tour is a must!!
5	Destination: Willy Street is such a great neighborhood for this tour. It is a very walkable neighborhood and easily accessible to walk from place to place.Food: Some great stops along the way, including a bakery and a recently opened restaurant.Madison info: Our tour guide had a lot of stories about everything we were walking past, which was great for the newcomers to Madison.Overall: Great way to get to know and neighborhood and enjoy some tasty food. Would do again in another neighborhood!
5	My family and I took the lake to lake tour and it was fantastic!  Our tour guide Kyle was very friendly and knowledgable.  We have visited Madison several times but this  tour gave us an insiders glimpse of the Madison food scene.  We learned about many restaurants on the tour and several others as we walked the city streets.  Kyle was very courteous and knew many local stories which enhanced this enjoyable experience.  We have two children ages 16 and 12 and they loved the tour too!  I would recommend this tour to anybody who would like to learn about the local history of the food scene in Madison!  Great job!
5	Great time a must do when in Madison, WI .   Learned so much about the growth of Madison while getting a nice variety of foods along the way. Andrea Hughes is a super tour guide. Come hungry you will experience everything from a Pork Belly Torta , Mac and Cheese pizza (5stars as well wouldn't think so) to the simple Vanilla Malt. Give it a try sometime.
5	This Lake to Lake tour was great. As much as it was a food tour, it was equally a lesson in local history. My girlfriend and I enjoyed the tour alone with Andrea, who showed us great views from atop the Capitol building and from the Frank Lloyd Wright-designed convention and community center. Our first stop was at Merchant. The owner sat down with us and told us about their philosophy. We had a delicious Cubano sandwich. Each of the other five destinations did not disappoint. You will leave the tour satisfied with the food and with a little better picture of the city.
