5	Nice bar! Awesome set up and good size TVs! Jukebox and pool table! Not a huge place but definitely worth checking out! Great bar food and great service too!
1	This place is a dumpOverpriced drinks and lousy atmosphere.Reminds me of a garageThis place will be out Of business in no time.Don't waste the gas money
1	I was really hoping this place would be great and honestly looking at the menu I thought it looked good for a pub and grill but my wife and I were terribly disappointed.  The service was terrible, and thats being nice.  There was one person working for the whole place and that was a bartender.  It seemed like she didn't have any serving experience.  Nothing was cleared from the table the whole time we were there so by the time we were done there were 5 glasses on the table and we still had our empty plate from our appetizer on there for the whole meal.         The food was also sub par.       The decor was terrible with bare walls and wires all over the place.  Also, if you're going to have a sign outside that says you have wi-fi...you should have wi-fi, which they didn't have.   There was a projection screen tv that wasn't even on which made it really dark, that and the fact only half the lights were on in the place.  I mean you can't even turn the lights on??  Come on!       There was also a couple that came in and sat near the back that never got served.  The man had to walk up to the bar to get menus after they were there for at least 10 minutes.  They looked over the menu for another 10 minutes and the bartender still never went over there so they left.  I couldn't blame them, I would have done the same thing.        Like I said I had high hopes for this place but if they keep it up there is no way they will still be in business...its too bad because we live right around the corner and I would love to go there quite a bit but we won't go back unless we hear something had changed.  This place needs to get it together and quick.
5	This is Charlotte's best kept secret!!! The food is absolutly delicious. With a huge menu (almost to big lol) the Cooks really have a great personal touch.. my gf and I went in to eat and she asked the server for dinner not on the menu. Not only did they go above and beyond with the customer satisfaction but  mellow mood of a nice hang out cozy bar "like back home" def made me want to come back.We also had a few drinks and the Bartender actually made us a couple shots. Although the name of the shot is a little out there I will be back to try another "Duck Fart" for sure lol. The best part is the bar also owns Palones the pizza restaraunt next door. I see myself with a few buddies  having a few beers and eating pizza while watching March madness basketball very soon......!!!!!I recommend this place to EVERYONE... even if you have kids there is mulitple games and a pool table to play. They even have a 100inch screen that hooks up with a Wii for fun bar games and entertainment!!!
1	Service is atrocious. I waited at the bar for about 10 mins while the bartender talked to her friends, did some dishes and drank some red bull. They brought my friend's wrap with onions and honey mustard when she asked for none and the food is mediocre at best. How do places like this stay open?
1	Too bad this place stinks, was much better when it was an Irish pub. Stopped in on. Friday night and nobody was there.
