4	Recently had the "pleasure" of being a guest for several days with an ill family member in the ER to ICU to a general room.  Hospital is VERY clean, modern, effecient and such.  Their food (from what I was told) was very good to the patient and our meal in the Cafe was very tasty as well.They offer a discount to the partner in care in the Cafe as well which is a nice touch!
5	Due to an allergic reaction to a med, I got the fortunate chance to book a room at this fine establishment. We will first start with the ER waiting room. I've made it to the ER on three different occasions & it's been clean, inviting, big, & most important fast. Next up, the actual ER. Small individual rooms with semi comfortable transfer beds. All but one ER nurse I've had were professional & caring. Nurse Ratchet accused me of drug seeking. I told the ER doctor she was a dick & he told her to go away. On my third visit I got upgraded to a 5 day resident due to that allergy I mentioned at the beginning. This is where this place shines. All rooms are single rooms with comfy beds. They have TV's(not the best selection of stations) & some rooms have a radio. Most rooms have Internet for Laptops. The food is really good for a hospital(as long as your not on a special diet) & they have everything from breakfast burritos to a steak. The nurses & doctors were all great & treated me like a guest more than a patient.I hated being sick but I would of hated it more if this place wasn't so comfortable.
2	Back again for another family member, hospital is great - the cafe this time.... Not so much.   Could the grill "chef" be any less happy to be working?
1	My Dad was admitted for possible pneumonia? Uh he wasnt sick. he is 81 and ran out of pain meds for his back. which he told the er. They admitted him and when I went to hospital they couldnt even give me a diagnoses. said it was possible this or that. he had no Iv or oxygen on no care whats so ever. when I questioned the nurses they said I had to speak with Dr. . No Dr ever came to speak to us in 9 hrs. we requested help from patient advocate who called security on me and tried to have  me removed from hospital. We left hospital without medical release. Its been 4 months ,Dad has not been sick his lungs are good. Yet now they want to be paid. For what! All they did was make his back worse by making him lay flat on it for hours. They forgot to feed him also. Horrible care there do not take ederly there.
5	We have been to the ER here as well as having been admitted for both in-laws.  Each time we've been treated to excellent service...with nice big private rooms and very nice nurses.  I am very impressed with the deli portion of the cafeteria as well.  Elia rocks!  She's very personable and remembers you.  The Tuscan Chicken Ciabatta is freaking awesome!  So good with added avocado that I'd go there just for lunch!
5	We are reviewing the maternity ward.  This was our first child and first hospital stay so we don't have anything to compare it to but thought our first time experience was excellent.  The staff was great.  I loved the nurses there.  They did a great job making sure we were comfortable and had what we needed.  The rooms were clean and the staff was great, including the waitstaff and cleaning crew.  I would definitely recommend Banner Estrella for your next baby!
5	Good place to go. It's an exact replica of Banner Gateway hospital, so if you know your way around there, you know how to get around here, or vice versa.
1	I came here when my sister had my nephew. I'm not from here so I had never been. Starting with the positives, the hospital is pretty clean and newish. My nephew was born here hehe. The nurses in the infant intensive care area were very kind as well as one of the nurses for my sister. The cafeteria has pretty good food! The negatives...The waiting room for labor and delivery sucks. I wouldn't even call it that! All...and I mean ALL, with the exception of three nurses, have a major attitude problem. They stare you down like you own them something and I'm soooo serious! Back home in every hospital experience I've had, the nurses are kind and pretty accommodating! Don't expect that here! They sit behind their computers staring and staring gossiping. Get to work ladies!!!! And I say that because they're all female. Also, the security sucks here. Mr Sideburns, he thinks he's a real cop lol. Hmm that's weird I didn't know I couldn't take pictures of my sister leaving the hospital. These nurses as well as security need to go back to school for manners and etiquette! I will definitely be paying for my sister to try out another hospital next time!
5	ER is quick, attentive, friendly, THOROUGH, Private room given.Literally waited 5 minutes only to get seen.Admitted for 4 days and the room was clean, ALL STAFF were marvelous, friendly and the food was not bad at all. If there was anyone sick in my family I will gladly use this hospital. Dr's are nice and follow up thoroughly!
1	Absutely the worst experience! I will never, ever bring another family member to tbis hospital. The nursing staff for the most part was great, however, the doctors on staff are horrible!  The were all pleasant if the immediate family was present, but very rude to my Mom when she was alone. Just an example of the level of care or lack of care; her entire chart was deleted from the system.  A week later they are still trying to input her records. I'm only giving 1 star and that's because of the great nurses. They better clean-up their act or they are going to loose the only good thing they have going for them, their nurses.
5	Magnificent Maternity WardMy wife and I just returned from having our baby delivered at Banner Estrella.  Delivery doctors and nurses communicated well and were open throughout the surgery.  Baby was born healthy and they followed our baby plan.  Transition to the maternity ward went swimmingly and it was hard not to be impressed by the strong processes in place-- shift changes, confirming med times, checking in on baby and mother, taking diagnostics, ensuring I was with our baby when the work had to be done outside of the room.  Post-op comments on the doctor's work on my wife was positive from multiple docs.  Heck, even the food at the cafeteria was good.Do wish the maternity ward rooms were more hospitable for significant others.  For example, a more comfortable bed (or even king-sized family bed), fridge, and bathroom space for a few toiletries would have made it about perfect.  The surgery area is starting to show its age and is a bit cramped.  Other than that, the staff was excellent all around.  Bottom line: Impressive experience because of a truly wonderful medical staff.  And the new wing will be a great addition for the maternity ward come 2015.  We were bumped twice because of a mass of deliveries.  Still worked out superbly.
1	The care was fine. The 1 star is for their billing department. They refuse to take the payments I can afford (they want $140, I can do $70 until April then $200 after that). They threaten collections and say if I don't apply for their financial assistance program like some welfare case then there is nothing I can do.They want my pay stubs, income tax info etc... I can do that. I am more than willing to prove my income. But they still threaten me. I am completely at my wits end with this hospital. I don't want this in collections. I am cleaning up my credit, not adding more bullshit on there. Banner needs to get their act together. Any other hospital would be willing to take whatever, I am offering a decent amount.
5	Nice hospital silly design for a parking garage though
1	I was taken here by ambulance because I couldn't get out of bed due to lower back issues- we're talking pain= 10/10 with back spasms that were lasting at 30 min intervals if I so much as moved the wrong way. I didn't go to get a quick fix of pain killers, but that how I was treated when I got there. I don't know how people (the doctor and her nurses) could just sit by and treat the people that they are supposed to be helping- something they get paid to do- so poorly. I could barely get myself out of their bed (it literally took me 10 minutes to do so AND NO ONE HELPED- they just stood around at a distance and watched) and they were more than ready to get me out of there. I was in my pajamas with no shoes and barely able to put one foot in front of the other and they could not have been less helpful.
5	Wow.  Banner Estrella was as good as my experience with West Valley was bad...and that's saying quite a bit.  The staff really had a "team" feeling about it.  They accomplished more in the first 4 hours I was there than the 4 days I was at Death Valley Hospital.  As a retired nurse, I appreciated being totally informed of my progress, where I was treatment wise, and where and why my treatment was going.  I really felt my participation and input was valued to my overall positive health result.  WTG Banner Estrella!!
1	My husband and  I contracted a really bad stomach flu bug, so bad that neither one of us could stop throwing up.We went to the Banner Estrella ER at about 1 a.m.  While the wait time wasn't long, I was literally on the verge of passing out and all they did for me was to plunk me in a wheelchair and sit m next to one of the banks of chairs.  There were only 4 other people there, so it did not look overly busy.They took us back into a room that only had an examination table and took more information.  The nurse told me we each had a $200 copay.  I told her I left the house without a way to pay.  She kind of huffed at me and said curtly "Well I am going to note in your file that you did not have the means to pay today".  That was the LAST think I was worried about.  I felt like we were both dying.They took us back to another type of waiting room, which had about 25 chairs, hooks on the wall, garbage on the floor and used blankets on the chairs.  They hooked us both to IV's and left us sit there, extremely uncomfortable.  Where the heck are the beds, or something to lean back in?  As a person who feels like they are dying from the flu, the last thing I want to do is sit up.  We were given thin blankets to cover ourselves with an puke buckets.I will not use this ER again.  It's apples and oranges compared to the Mayo ER.  I have never gone to an ER where they didn't give you a place to lay down.  Once again, I have nothing against the staff - it was the way we were treated physically and the garbage laying around this ER treatment room.Karen
2	I gave birth to my son here, since this was the only hospital my OB delivered.  This wasn't my first birthing rodeo either, but my fist experience in this hospital. I've worked in different hospitals all my adult years. The triage and L&D nurses were awesome.  I'd give them 5 stars!!!!  Very polite, and caring. They were always checking in on me. Made sure I was comfortable. Helped with with everything my husband and I needed during the labor process. Couldn't have asked for better staff. The postpartum nurses and techs on the other hand, not so good. They put me in the wrong room. When we had to switch rooms, they didn't even help my husband move our things. There was my husband pushing the baby in the bassinet and carrying all our bags and supplies.  There was more than one tech and my nurse. There was no reason one of them couldn't help. The nurses hardly ever came in.  I had to ask way in advance for supplies, because no one would come after calling the nurses station.   I'd ask for an ice pack and after and hour or so, I'd have to go look outside my room for someone to ask. The nurses were all on their phones texting away at the nurses station.   Now I know why their techs were so busy.   There was construction and we were in a room with a window. The room must have been right in front of where the construction crew took their lunch breaks. I'd have to cover up while nursing my baby, because I could see the crew through the gaps in the blinds!  When leaving my husband had to ask the tech to get a wheel chair, which they are supposed to do anyway. For whatever reason, she was expecting me to walk and carry the baby in the car seat, all the way to my car.   I felt the staff was very lazy.The hospital was dirty and run down.  I know hospitals are dirty, but this was the worst I've stayed in.   My socks were black.  The bathroom floor was disgusting. The environmental people cleaned the shower floor with the same pad they cleaned my entire room with.   They didn't have any sani-cloths to wipe down the toilet and sink surfaces. I'm not sure if it's because they're afraid patients will clean their child with them or what.  It would have been nice to be able to keep the bathroom clean, since my other children would visit during the day. Because of the staff and room conditions, I couldn't wait for the Ped drs to okay for discharge.
5	Five stars because Dr. Tan is awesome but, the wait is unimaginable if you aren't accustom to it. Being your patience for the waiting room, it is worth it in the end.
4	Excellent patient care can be found here! The E.R. team saved my life last July after I had been living with a perforated appendix for three days.  I received excellent patient care and communication while there. Even though the E.R. was so crazy that day and I was on a bed tucked into a hallway the second the saw my CT. The nurses and my resident and even my surgeon personally greeted me and checked on me while I was waiting patiently in pain. My only feedback would be for the admitting E.R. staff to check the patient's IDs as mine was not checked. In a day of identity theft, this is an extremely important step. I will say once admitted, they were excellent about HIPPA and verifying my identity and checking my hospital bracelet each time medication or care was administered. If ever I require E.R. services, inpatient or outpatient services this is the place I would go back to.
1	Do NOT GO TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM THERE!!!OMG!  I saw a guy literally lay on the pavement because he was so sick and all they did was stick him in a wheelchair and make him wait.OH...AND...I saw a woman bring her son in who had a mouth full of blood who had to literally shove her way past 4 families of illegals just to get help.  I literally cried when I saw her and yelled at a woman (who, of course, spoke no English) to get out of her way.It was disgusting.
1	My mom was treated (possibly overdosed by a 5FU chemo drug).  The doctors didn't want to test her blood for a DPD deficiency while she was first in the hospital and now they are dragging their feet on releasing the samples to be sent to a lab for testing.  Why?  This is an inherited condition which we have the right to know about for our descendants.Sometimes medicine is too much of a business and less about doing the right thing.My mom's nurses were amazing in the oncology ICU and Critical care unit- Lupita and Jess were two of them.The doctors- well I wasn't there and they did many things to help her.  I am angry that the DPD deficiency test was not performed on 6/20 when she was first there.
1	Every time I come here, they say it won't be too long because they aren't busy. I've been here for 5 hours while their staff has yet to take my temperature and vitals, let alone assist me when needed. I've been in pain while these uneducated, lazy, and inconsiderate individuals watch me suffer and cry from pain. I've called the nurse three times for pain reliever. It wasn't until I started complaining that I got the attention of not only one nurse, but 3 and a doctor. I asked why no one had come to let me know what was going on or to at least give me an update and he said "well sorry". What kind of medical doctor goes to school for 10 years and promises to help his patients but then turns them away because of a few F Bombs. Treat me with respect and maybe you would have received the same treatment. I might understand if the hospital was busy, but once again, I was the only patient on my floor and had 4 nurses listen to me complain and not get me temporary pain reliever! Worst hospital ever. They treat you like nothing, and only care about drugging you up to get you out. Courtesy of Obama Care and the lazy, useless, unprofessional, disrespectful members that follow him. I'm sure Benjamin Franklin would be ashamed that we couldn't keep the republic to which we declared. And so communism begins.....
3	Had a friend that had outpatient surgery here.  It's new, it's modern, it's clean it's trendy and there aren't a lot of "them" hanging around here like other major hospitals.   People have warned us away from Banner simply because they are a business and only care about money.  So far we haven't seen that, but we also haven't seen the bill either.  It's clean and off the beaten track.  We would come here again.
1	Been here since 6am and it's almost 8am. This wouldn't be a problem except there is a total of 5 people here. The er is never really quick but this is the slowest I have ever been treated at a hospital that isn't busy. My guess is that they are in the back watching cat videos and laughing at us waiting out here. I just hope I don't have AIDS.
