3	Tired of sending that same (and expensive) flower bouquet that just gets thrown out after a few days?  How about sending something entirely different - a bouquet of (perhaps even more expensive) fruit instead?I have to give these guys props, because the idea is pretty cool.  While giving flowers is an idea that hasn't changed much, and you seem like you are flushing money down the toilet since they really will not last long, at least with this you get a meal (okay, a snack) with the gift.But after someone unknown assembles the arrangement, then it travels in the back of an - albeit refrigerated - truck, and it sits for a few days, are you really going to want to eat off of it?  Probably not.
1	Last Sunday, I drove down to this store all the way from another part of the area, since my local Edible Arrangements was already closed for the day. It took 30 minutes to get there. I chose to go to this location in Mint Hill because the website said they closed at 3:00pm that day. We arrived at 2:00pm on the nose, and sure enough, the store was completely closed, no sign on the door (like, be back soon, out for delivery), nothing. I emailed corporate headquarters over this and got no response. I will never again order or purchase anything from Edible Arrangements.
1	I received an arrangement for my birthday, yesterday.  I picked the arrangement up shortly after it had been delivered and noticed that already there were some pieces of fruit that had started to turn.  Today when I came home and thought I would have a snack realized that even more pieces of fruit had started to go bad.  I then proceeded to call the office to ask if this was their normal standard of fruit arrangements.  The representative that I was speaking to seemed to care less that I have not been able to enjoy most of my arrangement. She then went on to tell me that the fruit usually only lasts 24-48 hours and they turn fast because they take the skins off.  Well, my arrangement consisted of mainly strawberries so this argument doesn't hold much ground for me!  These are very expensive and for how much money you put into them I would think you would get some good pieces of fruit.  Very disappointed and will not be ordering another arrangement and will pass this information on to friends and family!
