5	FANTASTIC Place! Cozy, AMAZINGLY friendly, very good food. Artistic environment, antique-like furniture. This is just a place you would like to sit for hours, enjoy every sip of your coffee and bite of your food and just chat with friends.The best thing is their tea and herbal collection. You can actually "mix & match" them as you like and put them in a small pot that they give to you. They will brew it for you so you can just sit and enjoy it!
1	Awful Place, Awful Service!Rude hosts, bad service, aggressive and unprofessional staff. The staff are untrained and have no idea about running a business. The staff are so aggressive they don't welcome costumers and while taking orders give attitude to the costumers. Their service is so bad it takes 45 mins to 1 h to have your order taken and another hour to receive your order wrong. They host private events during the public openings which makes the costumers so uncomfortable. The food quality is very low to be said and heavily competes with their service level. I strongly not recommend this place if you want a good food, good service and fun as these people are totally against all.
5	I come here again and again. An awesome place to spend a couple of hours in. You can find a variety of tables and chairs around. Quiet place in general (except some weekends when there is an event going on). You can even throw your birthday here.They have a very nice collection of teas from which you can select any mix & match that you like, AND it is called the "Mix & Match" Shelf! The environment is quite cosy and nice. You will find its walls full of pictures, mostly head shots of anonymous people by Hamed, one of the owners of this place who is a professional photographer as well.Their coffee is nice, very delicious sweets and newly awesome croissants. They even have some warm food like paninis and soup. I have tried their Mushroom soup. It is served in a bread! YES! They pour the soup in the bread and serve it for you. It is really great. You can taste the mushrooms. It is really delicious.
5	The place is AWESOME!! I love it more than any place in Montreal. I feel comfortable and relaxed whenever I am at Cafe Aunja. The owners are so friendly, when you enter the place they smile at you and during their service they behave as if you are at one of your best friend's place. They have a creative choice of mix and match that you can mix any kind of tea with additives of your choice! I love to seat there for hours and hours and read books or talk to a friend in a cozy environment. I love this place and it's my first choice whenever I want to feel home while not going home!
4	A quaint and cozy neighbourhood cafe tucked under a few steps off of Sherbrooke. You can easily lose track of time here with a friend, your favourite book, or some work. They serve food, coffee, and have a variety of teas to choose from, many of which will keep you warm this winter!
5	I completely fell in love with this charming little coffee shop.The employees were all so sweet and helpful. The nice young man behind the counter helped me pick out a delicious herbal tea blend that was just perfect. I completely forget the ingredients, but if you're anything like me you'll have the time of your life picking out your own personal concoction. My tea was served in a cute china pot and antique cup and saucer, and came with 4 little sugar cookies. All for less than 5 bucks! I'll definitely be back on my next visit to la belle province.
5	I was visiting Montreal and a friend took me to Cafe Aunja for a tea. What a charming little place. It's definitely unique in its own way. If you like to have a tea or coffee and enjoy a comforting environment while reading a book or doing some work this is the place.
5	This place is great! I've only been here once but the atmosphere is perfect. It really charming and cozy. It wasn't noisy at all and it was the perfect place to talk. There was plenty of space when I went and the tables weren't cramped. They had a wide selection of teas as well as espresso and coffee. I would highly recommend this place!
1	Just had the worst pasta ever in my life here...worst presentation, knew the taste won't be good already.I should say the interior design is nice, and the vibe is pretty good for a weekend chill. But food is over priced. The tasteless pasta + lemonade cost me $14+. I will attach a picture
