5	For migraine sufferers: I can't recommend Dr. Hetrick and staff highly enough. They are thorough, creative, and effective.I've had completely debilitating cluster headaches since I was 17. After years of useless consultations with headache specialists in New York and L.A., Foothills Neurology put together a treatment program to contain the problem. I've been going strong for nearly 10 years.I hope nobody needs this review, but this a great professional practice and an asset to the Valley.
4	Dr fetchel is awesome. I've been seeing them for two years and may be off migraine meds soon if the migraines don't come back.
5	After over a decade of migraines, and at least 7 or 8 neurologists across the country, I have finally found a place that is actually able to help and treat my migraines, not the symptoms. Both Drs Hetrick and Lovell are wonderful in working to find the right combo of meds (including getting me off the one that caused me to gain 30+ lbs in the past 6 months), but also in a full spectrum treatment.  They're the first to tell me that my severe TMJ might be a main cause of my migraines, and are working with stretching and mouth guards to help alleviate pain. Plus, Dr. Lovell introduced me to trigger point injections and "spray and stretch." Yesterday, for about 3 hours, I had no migraines, and more importantly, no residual underlying headache. It is the first time I've felt this kind of relief in almost 4 years.I would highly recommend this practice, particularly Dr. Lovell and Dr. Hetrick. Together, in only two appointments, they have made my headaches more manageable than they have ever been. Plus, it doesn't take three months to get a bloody appointment.
1	Doctors were wonderful. Billing office was a complete nightmare. They are now calling me in the end of April 2011 regarding an insurance claim in 2010, drug me through a whole rigamorale regarding having a new insurance provider and when I finally asked for exactly who they needed me to call and what they needed me to do, they told me nothing for now. Then they did the "oh, PS, we need your address to bill you for $1200 worth of services from early 2011. We just found out TWO MONTHS ago (March 3rd) that they are not going to cover it.I would never recommend such an office to anyone that has medical problems beyond a general check up. It appears that I am going to suffer the consequences of their loosey goosey billing office in the form of hundreds of dollars of bills.
5	For people with chronic migraines or chronic headache sufferers, I can not recommend Dr Brigitte Lovell or her staff enough. Most Neurologists seem to come across overbearingly proud of their skill, and this is where Dr Lovell is different. I have been suffering from migraines for several years, but this past year has been the worst. I have seen several specialists in the field , along with neurologists which include Dr Stuart Hetrick and Dr Scot Fechtel from Foothills Neurology. In the past year, I have seen Osteopathic Doctors, Massage Therapists, Physical Therapists, Chiropractors, an Oral Surgeon, an Allergist, and had a slew of various types of therapies. Of this, I have found that the treatment headed by Dr Lovell has been the most effective. Dr Lovell has a humble and approachable energy about her, and her knowledge about the industry makes her an expert. Its commendable that she truly puts forth the effort in the care that she gives. Of all the doctors I have ever seen, she really is the best, (and I think all doctors should learn and practice Dr Lovell's methodology.) I respect and appreciate her creative enthusiasm in my medical care. Thank you for being such a great doctor!
1	Saw Dr. Hetrick..I went to this office for Chronic headaches and neck pains. I felt like they did not care about my health condition and now I have Migraines. I told them I take medication that helps me a bit to get through the day but gets worse to the point where i'm out of it.What's their fix, a bag full of more medications (watch out liver) feels like they thought I was faking or something. Worst place to go really unhappy that I wasted my money and time
4	So far I have not had any problems here. All the doctors I've talked to are very nice. I'm going for migraines and currently receiving Botox. After my first set of shots I did have extreme neck pain for weeks. But found out they probably gave me too much in my neck. So after almost a year they talked me into doing it again. The second time much better. I'm here again today to get another set. They say it takes a few series of shots to really start working. Here's to getting better. Will update later on results.
5	I have had migraines for 20 years, nearly every day. I have been to many doctors and on many medications. Dr. Fechtel is wonderful. He has been my saving grace. He listened and cared about my history and my pain. Because of him, I can now go weeks at a time with no headaches. He fights the insurance company as well when they said the one medication that helps is not primarily for migraines and threatened to not pay. I have never had to deal with the billing department. I have seen one other doctor there. I do not know her name, but I hope to never see her again. She reminded me of my previous doctors. Dr. Fechtel is the kind of doctor who makes me remember that there are still people who care.
5	I've been seen here for nearly 6 years as a patient and have no complaints. Susan and Dr Hetrick have been as helpful as is possible for my condition and are always concerned and ready to talk about new or existing issues and treatments. The office staff have been friendly and helpful
1	I have to say that dr hetrick, his pa, and the nd dr visser were all wonderful. I have been a migraine sufferer for many years and the treatment plan they proposed was medication mixed with natural therapy, which I was very excited about. This is where the trouble starts. One of the medications they provided me required a prior auth, the office staff refused to submit it to my insurance. Said i could do it myself. I am in the medical feild and have a little bit of knowledge about prior auths, it requires a doctors signature to be obtained. I even tried calling my carrier, they thought i was kidding when i told them the prescribing office refused. So, ok i am left with the option to not get medication, pay  $100 for medication, or fight with office. Great. Thats not the end of the office staffs behavior though. For the procedure the nd wanted to do i was asked to call my insurance and verify coverage. I did, and they wanted a prior auth submitted. When I told the foothills neuro staff that, they said they don't submit prior auth form for that either. I went as far as filling out the form and asking if they could get the doctors signature on it for me, and i was told no. I work for a doctors office and none of the ma's have ever heard of this kind of patient treatment. Most of their job is getting refferals and prior auths. So really, if you want a frusteration free expirence, do not go here!If you are an MA looking for a cake job, this is the place for you
1	I came here after a car accident - I had smashed my head into the door panel and was having issues with memory and major migraines. Dr. Hetrick saw me once, then kept referring me to his PA - although she was nice, it really caught me off guard when she refused to prescribe certain medication because she hadn't had experience with it... So she would only prescribe meds she was used to, then told me to go see another doctor for everything else. After being overly drugged with nortriptolyne and topamax and having an adverse reaction to both, Dr.Hetrick's staff got overly pushy with Botox (for me it felt like they wanted me to get it so they could get a big payday rather than because it would actually help me). After I refused the botox Dr.Hetrick basically told me that he couldn't help me and that I need to go see someone else (like their acupuncture guy down the hall). I ended up switching Neurologists altogether and finally found one who was able to help - I ended up getting nerve blocks for several months which made my migraines go away completely. This story gets better - back in April I got a call from the billing office (Rose) who told me I owed some astronomical amount of money, so I referred her to my lawyer (who's handling my car accident claim). I thought everything was taken care of until I got a very unpleasant call from Rose just a few minutes ago telling me that she was sending me to collections. I asked her if she had spoken to my lawyer and she said that she lost her number... Super unprofessional. Either way - if you already suffer from headaches - you may want to avoid this additional one and find a neurologist who cares about your health and has a competent billing office.
1	I have been suffering from CHRONIC NERVE PAIN (head to toe) and have seen many doctors.  I was referred to this establishment to receive a second opinion by a friend.  My experience was HORRIBLE.  The doctor who saw me (owner) was unsympathetic and absolutely uncaring.  He even said to me, "I do not feel badly about not being able to help because no one else has figured out why you are suffering from this extensive nerve pain."  I was dismayed and completely defeated.  I have never experienced anything like this in my life.  He did not even refer me out to another doctor for help.  I will NEVER recommend this facility nor this doctor to anyone. My opinion: Do not waste your time going to  this place.
1	Saw Dr. Hetrick and was GREATLY disappointed!  I have Chronic nerve pain all over.  After a 30 minute visit, he said, "I do not feel badly about not being able to help.  Several doctors have not figured it out, either."  I was dismayed and frustrated.  He looked at his watch and the visit was over.  Please do not go to see this doctor.  It will be a waste of your time and money.
4	I love Dr. Fetchel. He's amazing and always returns my calls ASAP. I love how dedicated he is to my treatment. I highly recommend him... though I cannot speak for the other doctors there, Dr. F is my favorite!
5	just an update to say that I'm still a satisfied patient and am very pleased with the staff I have contact with.
3	This place is 50/50 on times of being good or bad.I have seen a few doctors that we're amazing. They worked with me and my migraines. Got me the shots i needed and filled out the paperwork for me.One nurse practitioner, not so good. She question me accusingly, on everything and pretty much told me that my referral would not be approved for my shot. Guess what? It was approved. Good thing about her, I never felt the shot. The front office. They are nice sometimes and sometimes, not so kuch. As long as you have no questiond, they are nice.The billing department is a nightmare. It been 3 years and I'm still trying to get someone to call me back to pay it.
5	Dr. Hetrick and Dr. Fechtel are cream of the crop. They know their stuff. With all the modalities available in office, what better place to go than here?  Especially if you have migraines or headaches!
