5	I always enjoy visiting this store. They always seem to have new collections of jewelry and handbags. They have a wide assortment of wonderful gift ideas and fine jewelry!The staff there are always welcoming. I always want to stop by to say hello and see what is new!
2	I think this place has some cute and unique jewelry... However, their service at this location is VERY POOR.  I have been here several times and spent on all occasions.  They are not very friendly.  They are not very knowledgeable.  They are not very helpful.  It seems to pain them to go out of their way to help you.  I went here on Black Friday and their signs were misleading.  Not to mention if you get something here from one of their sales you must remember "All Sales Final" which they conveniently neglect to tell you until after you paid then they get their big red stamp and put it on your receipt.  I have only gotten one thing on sale here and intend on keeping it but this would cause me to hesitate to purchase here again.  They have a lifetime guarantee on their products as long as you have the receipt even though their jewelry has their logo and stamp all over it (so make sure to laminate those receipts!!).  I have a long chain that broke while I was on vacation (not even having it a month!) and it took forever for them to get it in for me (when they just reorder it on-line not ship it to be repaired in Italy like they originally claim when you make your purchase) and then they didn't even call when it was done.  TOUS, if they want to keep their reputation, may want to get some new staff at this location that can communicate effectively and be professional, polite, and efficient- or put their current staff through some rigorous training.  I hate to seem rude but I have had a poor experience every single time at this location without fail.  The only reason I gave this establishment two stars is because I do love the unique jewelry.  But I will not shop here anymore or recommend due to their lackluster service.  If I must have something from this brand I will shop on-line and skip the horrific sales staff at this location.
1	Unfriendly and poor customer service.
