4	Super great value!Very clean, nice staff, free parking, mega-comfortable beds, remarkably nice and free continental breakfast, free internet...a bargain.
2	nice lobby. nice hotel. very slow internet. I realize it is free, but you shouldn't market it as a freebie if it can't be sold otherwise. Definitely no high speed at this hotel.
2	We booked here specifically because of the free shuttle,  only to find out that the 3 mile radius comes with unwritten stipulations as to where they're willing to take you.  We were refused any destinations on North Davidson (so don't even think about trying to get to Revolution pizza, or Growlers for their phenomenal house made sausages).  This also excludes any of the craft breweries within the 3 mile radius.   We were given the excuse that traffic is too heavy, they're located in dangerous neighborhoods & they have ordinances against public shuttle services (seriously??).  Funny that our taxi was only one of a line of busses and vans picking up and dropping off patrons at NoDa.As for the accommodations themselves,  it is your typical Hampton, nothing fancy.  The bed was comfortable but the ac/heat runs of a wall thermostat straight out of the 60's.   The room was either too hot or too cold and the unit was not able to maintain a consistent temperature.  The breakfast was mediocre and the area where it is set up is very congested. People crowd around the waffle irons, making it impossible to access the toaster or pastries.I really would not recommend staying here unless there was nothing else available.   There are many far nicer hotels for the same price within a few block radius,  and we will definitely stay at one of those when we are in Charlotte again.
4	Overall an average Hampton stay. My room was clean and adequate. The whirlpool tub in the room was a nice way to relax after a long day. Always plenty of hot water, even though it was very loud to fill the tub.My only complaint would be that the flow of the breakfast area is poorly designed and severly undersized for a hotel of this size.I would stay again if working in the area.
5	My wife and I stayed here one night because our air conditioner stopped working. The front desk was extremely helpful and friendly! The room was clean, comfortable, and they had a great complementary breakfast in the morning. Great location and a good price! I recommend you stay here if you're seeking a reasonably priced, clean, comfortable hotel!
4	Our overall experience here was very good. The front desk personnel were helpful in pointing us in the right direction to get started seeing what the city has to offer, and our room was clean and comfortable. The free breakfast buffet is standard Hampton fare: waffle maker, omelet or scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon, bread, muffins, bagels, a selection of cereals and yogurts, juices, coffee, etc. Wi-Fi is free throughout the visit, you just need to log in again once every 24 hours for each device.The location is good, just a few blocks from Tyron Street and very close to a train station that can take you around downtown. It's also very close to the NASCAR museum and the convention center.Parking is I think $10 a day for self-parking, which is a lot for a Hampton. It's in a garage, which is nice, but the speed bumps (four per level) are really obnoxiously big, requiring that you basically come to a complete stop before going over them unless you're interested in risking suspension damage and incurring the cost of reseating your kidneys.Park on levels 4 or 5 for direct access to the hotel via a small corridor connecting the buildings. It's much easier than the other levels, where you have to take an elevator down to ground level, walk through the entrance, then to the elevator up to your room.
