2	First, I want to tell you I love the Calistro California Bistro at DC Ranch, so we thought we would give the new location a try.  I can't begin to tell you how disappointed I was with the experience.  Our service was slow with the exception that someone did come by three times to ask us if anyone had been to our table to take care of us.When someone finally did come, they provided us with two menus.  Both of them were different and had different prices printed on them.  Mine had the Greek Salad for $6.00 and my wife's had a price of $9.00.  They did give us matching menus, so we ordered.I ordered the Greek Salad and it was the worse salad I have ever had.  Feta cheese was almost invisible and all you could taste was olives.  The pulled chicken was stringy, at best.I understand the place is new, but they really need to get it together if they want to stay in business.
4	One of my favorite happy hour places in the Scottsdale area. The staff is always prompt and friendly without being over bearing and their menu is very solid.  Make sure you give any of their oven cooked flat breads a try as they are all fantastic
5	Fresh and delicious! Calistro opened up right by my house and I am so happy about it! The veggie terrine dish is amazing, and the sweet potato mash is to die for. I've also had the steak, which was phenominal. They have high quality tea, of which I love the cranberry hibiscus flavor. Their drink menu also features hand crafted cocktails and an impressive wine list amongst other non-alcoholic drink options. The decor is clean and polished, with friendly staff and management. The space itself is very large, and so even if it is a busy night at Calistro, you never feel stuffy. Patio seating is available, and since the patio is enclosed they are able to control for climate. Im so pleased to have Calistro in my neighborhood, I hope they stick around for a while!
2	We visited the location at Hilton Village.  service was OK, food was borderline terrible.  we shared a couple apps, the falafel bites and pumpkin squash were bland and rubbery.  the tacos were embarrassingly bad.  the tortillas were identical to Mission flour tortilla's you'd find at a supermarket.  interestingly, this place boasts a "farm to table" approach, but we felt like everything was prepackaged and re-thermalized Sysco feed.  i dont see this location lasting very long, too many top quality places like Houston's are a stone throw away.
2	Closed clams have been dead for an unknown period of time and are unsafe to consume and that is what they gave us in one of the dinners. I didn't even complain about the missing eggplant in the eggplant caponata that should have been included with the sunfish dinner but I note EGGPLANT WAS MISSING. The sunfish dinner was cooked nice and had the taste of eggplant caponata without the eggplant. We ordered focaccia so we could get some bread and we got four two inch by two inch ( approximate ) thin pieces for four dollars that was tasty.We did alert our server about the closed clam and someone came out and apologized and presented us with a dish of cooked clams. A closed clam can infect the whole dish and has the potential to make someone sick. If we didn't have the clam problem I would have given three stars because it was just OK.I don't want to go to anyplace that would serve someone a dead clam on top of their dinner I will not be back and am thinking I should have given one star.
3	The food is very tasty and the location right in the heart of the resort district.  Thought the prices a bit high.  Outrageous that they charge $4. for bread
3	Yesterday evening, I ordered takeout from here.  The Sandwich was great (modified club sandwich), the salad was okay, and the service was excellent.  After being at the pool all day, I was exhausted and not in the mood to cook, so I went exploring the neighborhood in search of some good takeout.  The sandwich was around $12 dollars and came with a side salad- not cheap and also not expensive.  I had a good glass of wine while I waited and Dennis, the guy who assisted me, was helpful and charming.  I also met some wonderful patrons who had great things to say about Calistro; I will be back soon to actually dine-in at this quaint restaurant.
5	YAY!  I am so happy Calistro is in my neighborhood!  I love that they have healthy, organic, vegan options, but have a great menu that would make anyone happy.  I love that they have Arizona wines.  Their staff is very friendly.  We need more restaurants like this in Arizona!!
3	We visited the restaurant on a Saturday night. We found it by searching online for organic/vegan/local ingredients dining spots and decided to check it out. First impression on decor is good. Saturday evening they said they have live music. If it were not for the band the place would be getting 2 stars. They were awesome. The waiter pretty much ruined the experience (BTW we were the only ppl in the dining room) he was rude. They offer a specialty style of dining, the wait staff needs to inform people on the menu. What wine goes good with the app we ordered, where do they order their "local" ahi, etc. When you approach our table to greet us and say "what do you want to drink" I probably won't go back.
5	Calistro is definitley a local treasure. I tried Calistro for the first time about a month ago, and then tried it again with a group of girlfriends last night. Both experiences were exceptional. The head chef, Gerald has a great eye for tasteful food combinations without being overdone or overpriced.My first experience the two of us tried the Ahi Tuna starter with a great smoky flavor, the crab cakes, made with hummus instead of bread crumbs, and the house chips with a blue cheese dip. All exceptionally delicious. We were so full, but HAD to try dessert, so we got 3 flavors of ice cream that they get from Sweet Republic with unique flavors like salted caramel and peanut butter chip.Last night I brought 4 newbies to Calistro to try some other menu items. The generous helping of hummus lasted all 5 of us and then some. Then we all ordered a glass of wine ($7 for ALL glasses from 3-6pm, what a great deal!). Gerald then went of the menu and created us a watermelon and goat cheese feta salad which was fresh and crisp. Lastly, I talked everyone into some more ice cream, this time going for the maple bacon ice cream. Delicious. It was so sweet and crispy, and who doesn't like bacon or ice cream, let alone together?!All in all the ambience of the bar, separated with a wine display into the dining room, also includes an enclosed outdoor patio where they have live music some night is spectacular. It's a great place to have a quiet date night, or host a large group of friends. The staff is very knowledgable and friendly, I can't recommend this place enough!
5	My husband and I visited Calistro's for our anniversary a couple of weeks ago. We heard it was a paleo-friendly place to eat so we definitely wanted to check it out. We are pretty picky with our food which can be embarrassing sometimes we don't eat out a lot. The place wasn't super busy but there were a number of tables full when we arrived. They came to the table right away and the server was very informative in helping me choose my meal. It was a new menu (put in place a week prior he said) yet he was very knowledgable about each dish. I chose the Lamb meatloaf and my husband had the pork chops. Both of us really enjoyed our food. It wasn't boring but the flavors compliments each other very well. The server was attentive, the atmosphere great, and the manager came over as well. He talked to us for a little while and wasn't just friendly but seemed genuinely sincere with making sure we had a good experience.We've told our friends about Calistro's since and we'll definitely be back.
5	Great location! Walking distance from the hotel. Great service and most especially GREAT FOOD. Coming from NYC, it was a place to eat away from home! Take advantage of their early sitting. Friendly, cozy. I'll be back.John.
5	Great location! Walking distance from the hotel. Great service and most especially GREAT FOOD. Coming from NYC, it was a place to eat away from home! Take advantage of their early sitting. Friendly, cozy. I'll be back.John
5	To those of you who have given this place a less than favorable review more than a month ago, you owe it to yourself to give it another try.  The new management has really stepped up the food, service, and the Happy Hour is as good as it gets, both eats and drinks.  I'd give it six stars if I could.
4	This place is lovely and the staff and managers VERY passionate about delivering a fabulous experience.  LOVE the salmon. WOW.  Prices are so fair!  I would highly recommend this place on food, service, atmosphere-- all were delicious.
3	We checked this place out last night for the early bird special and we were the only ones there.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the view of Camelback Mountain while the sun was setting.  The service was pretty good and the food was decent.  We were able to enjoy happy hour drinks on the patio...bonus - $3 draft beer and $5 cosmopolitan!  We took advantage of the $20 3-course dinner - greek salad, pork loin with sweet potatoes and peanut butter chip ice cream for me and caesar salad, chicken and vanilla goat's milk gelato for the hubby.  Overall, pretty good, but the food is better at other nearby places.  Note: if you check-in on Yelp, you will also save 15% off your bill!I hope this place makes it, but they need to advertise more and step up the quality of the food!
4	I just tried this place for the first time, went for lunch on a weekday.  I tried the duck wraps and colleagues had the fish of the day, which was salmon.  The wraps were good, but a little on the small side, seemed more like an appetizer.  I would try another item next time.  The server was friendly knowledgeable and provided a complimentary appetizer for us to try - very nice, that doesn't happen often around here!  The appetizer was fantastic - sweet potato tots.  Overall it was a great lunch and we will definitely go back again.
5	If you haven't been to Calistro Bistro recently then you haven't been to Calistro's. The weekly pris fixe 3 course menu for $20 until 5:30 is unbelievable. World class cocktails in the lounge until 7:00 for $5. My husband and I went twice in one week. The food, staff, and restaurant ambience including original art make for a memorable experience worth repeating. If we lived within walking distance this would be our favorite neighborhood eatery.
2	I liked the decor, but the place was fairly empty on a Friday evening so it lacked vibrancy.The service was friendly but a little on the slow side.There were 7 of us in our group.  I thought the food was mediocre.  I had the Vegetarian Plate and I have had a lot better.  The tomato sauce tasted canned.  A fresh tomato salsa would have added a sparkle to the otherwise boring dish.  My guests enjoyed the shrimp.The prices seemed high for what we got.
5	Walking through the door you immediately appreciate the vibrant decor. The restaurant has a great flow and very welcoming feeling.  We ate in the booth and had nothing but great service.  For appetizers we tried the flatbread pizza which was awesome.  We also had the humus and meatballs and thought the meatballs stole the show.  For our entree we tried the bolognese pasta and and the meatloaf both cooked and prepared with quality and farm fresh ingredients. The bartender also did a good job sending me an assortment of different style cocktails which were eloquent and thoughtful along with a cab that was fairly priced and great tasting. We had a great time and would recommend this restaurant for a relaxing evening to enjoy food from a creative chef and great drinks from an up and coming bartender.
1	Not recommended. As a guy who has opened and ran many high profile restaurants in Scottsdale,  I can be honest. They have ONE pasta on the menu, tagliatelle, which they make in house. My wife ordered it with their Bolognese.  Who the hell puts CUMIN in a Bolognese sauce? It tasted more like chili! I ordered what sounded very good on the menu, open faced lamb meatloaf with gravy. Well, the waitress knew I am lactose intolerant because she is too...the meatloaf came out not drenched in gravy, but in a thick cream sauce. Can't eat it, sent it back. My wife asked for bread and out came what these guys call focaccia...well, it was far from it. And, they have the balls to charge $4 for basket of this dry nasty "bread". WTF? WHO EVEN CHARGES FOR BREAD? Manager was nice, but not good at reading people. I didnt want anuthing else but to get the hell out of there, I explained I was not inclined to the type of foods they chose to put on the menu, but he kept recommending dish after dish persistently. I finally looked at him, made the slashing motion across my neck while staring into his eyes and said firmly, "I am done". He finally got it.
4	This place was a wonderful oasis of great service and very good, fresh tasting, creative and inspired food. I stumbled on it when I couldn't get in to a place across the street that was jammed. Calistro should be packed too. It was a lovely find.
5	GREAT! I am a tough customer, and I love this place, the food and the service!I have eaten there 4 times, have recommended it to several persons and no one was disappointed.It is new, new management, new chef, new atmosphere , all special! you will truly feel special when you are a customer there unlike most AZ formula restaurants.give them a try you will love it all, food, service, music(yes, you can talk with your guests , the music is not too loud and adds to the ambiance).Deborah
5	First time at the Calistro Bistro and it was outstanding.  It was a beautiful day and we thought we try it for lunch.  We sat on their patio and started with drinks and appetizers. They had a good selection of wines and the bartender Joel made a mean cosmos.  We tried the hummus, which was excellent and freshly made.  The flat bread was outstanding and a must on our next visit. We tried the fish tacos and the chicken sandwich.   The fish tacos were made with sea bass and soft tortillas, filled with red cabbage,  pickled onions, and their own special sauce.  The sea bass wasn't breaded which was a pleasant surprise. I give the tacos a 4.0-4.5 rating.   The other dish we tried was the chicken sandwich which was one of the 2 best chicken sandwiches I have eaten.   It rates a 5.0 out of 5.0.   The service was attentive but not overbearing.   The drinks orders were timely.  We weren't in any hurry and our waiter didn't push us but seemed to appear when we wanted him.  Overall an outstanding dining experience.   The manager checked on our experience to ensure everything was to our liking.  I told we will definitely be back to try his dinner menu.
5	This restaurant is completely unassuming & Scottsdale's hidden secret.  Everything I've tried has been off the charts delicious from their drinks down to their dessert.  Last Sunday was my first visit to Calistro Bistro & I've been back 2 more times since.  They serve classic cocktails with their own twist & infuse some of their own alcohols in house!!!  You must try the Pear infused lemon & rosemary martini!!!  Yummmm!!The food is farm fresh and definitely tastes that way.  The burger is ground in-house & doesn't need all of the fluff because of how quality the ingredients are, probably my favorite ever.  I also tried the lamb meatloaf sandwich which seemed like a gourmet play on biscuits & gravy, also yummmmmm!!!  Dessert was a fresh strawberry pastry topped with hand whipped cream & the only thing I'm upset about is that they don't serve it everyday.... I have been craving it since last week!!The staff is extremely nice & they really make you feel welcomed when you are there.  Joel was great & really went above and beyond to make us have the best experience our first day in there.  As I said I've been back twice this week since!!If you're looking for a new place to try in Scottsdale, this is it!!  Trust me you will NOT be disappointed!!
4	What a cute unassuming restaurant for Scottsdale! I was immediately impressed by the friendliness of the staff and owner! You don't often see a restaurant owner helping his wait staff with refills, expediting etc, but here you will. At first glance the menu may seem small but that allows each item to be perfected and as good as the next. Pet peeve 2376 is when a menu has 4 or 5 pages of food but they only make one or two good things. What is the point?!Our table ordered 2 lamb meatloaf sandwiches and the duck wraps. The meatloaf was delicious and moist and had a rich cream sauce/gravy layered on top. It was wonderful and I would definitely get it again.  I can't rate the duck wraps as a whole, but I did sneak a piece of the duck meat from my friends plate and it had me wanting more. I guess there is always next time...Keep up the good work Calistro, I am impressed!
5	The food was great and service was fast.  Greeted very promptly and happily as soon as I walked in.  Jerry, the managing partner, and my waitress, Kerri, were awesome.  I always seek out locally owned places while traveling and this place is a gem. Highly recommend making this a stop while in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. The salmon is a must try.  Kudos to Chef Brandon.
5	This restaurant is completely unassuming & Scottsdale's hidden secret. Everything I've tried has been off the charts delicious from their drinks down to their dessert. Last Sunday was my first visit to Calistro Bistro & I've been back 2 more times since. They serve classic cocktails with their own twist & infuse some of their own alcohols in house!!! You must try the Pear infused lemon & rosemary martini!!! Yummmm!!The food is farm fresh and definitely tastes that way. The burger is ground in-house & doesn't need all of the fluff because of how quality the ingredients are, probably my favorite ever. I also tried the lamb meatloaf sandwich which seemed like a gourmet play on biscuits & gravy, also yummmmmm!!! Dessert was a fresh strawberry pastry topped with hand whipped cream & the only thing I'm upset about is that they don't serve it everyday.... I have been craving it since last week!!The staff is extremely nice & they really make you feel welcomed when you are there. Joel was great & really went above and beyond to make us have the best experience our first day in there. As I said I've been back twice this week since!!If you're looking for a new place to try in Scottsdale, this is it!! Trust me you will NOT be disappointed!!
5	I continue to come back to this place over and over---  intimate atmosphere, high attention to ingredients (especially fresh, flavorful, and oh yes, locally grown organics). big YES
5	This place has class! What a gem, I'm glad I found it. Jerry was incredibly welcoming. All the artwork inside is original and done by his son. The drink menu caught my eye as it has all my favorite cocktails; sazerac, manhattan and old fashions. I could easily see this place making my weekly rotation. Well done Jerry!
4	Definitely a must try if you're in the area.  Had the asian duck wraps and they were delicious.  The duck was tasty and moist and the accompanying vegetables and sauce were wonderful complements.  The other diners in my party had the salmon and both were very pleased with their meals as well.  This will be a restaurant we will be returning to in the near future to try the other menu items.  The cappuccino left much to be desired, but lacking a bit on the after lunch coffee wouldn't prompt me to remove a star from the amazing meal I had.  The decor is subtle and the layout is strange inside, and there is absolutely no decor outside but don't let the unassuming touches fool you.  The food is worth it.
5	Great service and good food.  I had the fire-roasted shrimp and it was delicious.  The staff was very attentive.  I requested gluten free because I have celiac disease and they were very accomodating.
5	Slow Wednesday evening and our server, Joel, gave us the attention I love. Duck confit was dynamite & Harissa shrimp was well appreciated by daughter. Wine suggestions were on the mark. What can I say -- wish Calistro was in Minneapolis!
5	This place is a true gem.  The food is always fresh and LOCAL.  The service is top-notch.  I usually sit at the bar and watch a game, and the bartender Brian is great to chat with about the game, or recommend a wine to go with my meal.  Highly recommend!
4	This restaurant is a real gem. The food is so fresh and flavorful.  The menu is creative, service is great....I could go on and on.  I've been here several times and everything is consistent.  Looks like they have a nice Happy Hour, too.
5	This is a great restaurant! I always have a great time here.
5	Jfjh
5	Once again I was not disappointed in food or service. I have taken friends & clients there of late, The friendly atmosphere is so welcoming, makes you feel like the staff is truly happy to have you there.The two bartenders make you feel comfortable even walking in alone as a female. You are there to gap a refreshing drink, a meal or snack , some conversation & they will customize a cocktail for you!
5	Going back to Cali.............to Cali.........to;  well you get the idea!  I went to the Calistro California Bistro when it was in the OTHER location.  I gotta tell you that impressed I was not!  Brown, wilted looking avocado slices served and when we let them know we were not impressed we were greeted with a less than caring; oops, so sorry attitude.  Well, we decided to try it once again at it's newest incarnation on Scottsdale Road and talk about a 180!  Woo haa!  I am so glad we went back for round two!  The manager Jerry chatted us up and was genuinely interested in our opinions on what was working now vs. what faux paus we witnessed then.  They had my friend try a new drink they were thinking of putting on the menu and she loved it!  (Way too HOT for my liking as it had a hot pepper in it......) but the food was really good, they accommodated my gluten free diet and the food was fresh and tasty!We started with the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer, with veggies instead of crostini and it was divine!  They use Crow's Dairy cheese, which is as good as it gets!  This stuff was so good I could eat a bowl full for my lunch!  Nom nom.Then I had the Fire Roasted Shrimp.  Spicy and delish.  Like major Delish.  It had Harissa flavored shrimp with feta, olives and more.  We had drinks that were very generous pours!I'll be back again and again and again!  Round two was the bomb!
5	Delicious and beautiful!
5	Just finished having a group dinner at Calistro. As a group of 17 we were delighted with our food and experience.  Salads were delicious and generous.  My personal favorite was the Greek salad.  The vegetarian dish that was served was lovely to look at  and constructed of eggplant, peppers, spinach on a bed of orzo nestled next to fresh marinara.  The food came out in a timely manner and Jerry and the staff were courteous and quick.The restaurant's ambience was very nice.  A great time in the midst of a dust storm!
2	Doesn't seem like they get many customers.  I attended with a group on girls on a random Thursday.  The location of calistro is in a strip mall neat Lincoln dr and Scottsdale rd.We were in time for happy hour and I asked which of the red wines ($7 a glass for hh) were sweeter.  The waiter did not know how to respond.  He finally did recommend one, which turns out they only had 1 glass left which one if the other girls got so he recommended another red wine.  Two minutes later he comes back saying they are out of that one too!! At this point in saying "just give me red"!When our food came our, the waiter couldn't remember who had what... Rookie mistake!I had the pasta bolognese which was ok, the bread they serve with it is lightly grilled which was yummy.The manager gave our group free dessert because of the wine mishap which was nice.  We tried the chocolate pastry, rice pudding and apple crisp.  All were just ok.Will not be returning.
