5	Friendly doctor and staff!Dr. Tony Lee speaks both korean and chinese and also has staff that speak both languages which is always helpful. I think he graduated from Harvard School of Dental medicine so you know he knows his stuff! He is always patient and willing to answer any questions for you. My favorite staff member is probably the lady that does the teeth cleaning. I always forget her name but she is so nice! She likes to chit chat while she cleans your teeth... even though you can only answer yes or no questions. Side note: My worst fear is getting my teeth pulled. Yes I know they numb you yadda yadda but I have nightmares about getting my teeth pulled and its just something that I've always been afraid of. However, lucky me, I'm 21 years old and still had 3 baby teeth that needed to be pulled for braces. Yikes! I'm pretty sure the staff could tell that I was tense and trembling but they tried to make the experience as gentle and "no big deal" as possible. The doctor was very gentle and took the time to explain what he was about to do... I guess he could tell I was scared. The tooth pulling was done quick and clean and I was out of there in no time. What a relief!I'm pretty sure they take both Harrah's and MGM Insurance.
4	I've been going here for awhile now.. They used to be located by Sura on Spring Mountain and Arville. The main reason I go here is because my parents go here and I'm too lazy to find another dentist nor have they ever really given me a reason to.. The lead doctor is Korean and is a really nice guy.. I've had fillings put in, exams and my wisdom teeth pulled out by him and all have gone smoothly. I actually ate Pho an hour after I got my Wisdom teeth pulled out haha The hygienist here is so sweet and always tries to make you feel comfortable and her cleanings don't bother me too much. And if you keep up with a good routine and your teeth are in good condition they make you feel like you got an A+ on a test haha The staff here is a great mix of every race so it's perfect for everyone.. whether you speak English, Korean, Chinese...etc. HOT TIP: don't forget to get your free tooth brush/paste ~!!!
4	I haven't been to the dentist for 3 years! I know, shame on me! Saw a Living Social deal for this dentist who was both nearby and had good reviews. It was easy to get an appointment and easy to find. The girl at the front desk was friendly. The place is small but comfortable, it could go for some cleaning (carpets, chairs, wall scuffs). i was taken back for my cleaning a few minutes after my scheduled appointment time, I had Claudia for my cleaning. She was great; gentle, thorough, and knowledgable. All the exam rooms were full, so I had to sit in the lobby for a bit. After some waiting I had my x-rays taken by a very friendly and pleasant girl. The dentist was having a busy day so I had to wait some more for my exam. Dr. Lee and his staff were apologetic. My exam was quick and had no problems. Yay!I got to check out all of Dr. Lee's beautiful pictures he painted, hanging in the office. I was in the office for 2 hours, a bit long for a cleaning, x-rays, and exam. But the price was right (I don't have dental insurance) so I wasn't gonna complain. Don't expect fancy. The dentist I use to go to had TV's in every room, earbuds for music, the fancy new dental xray contraptions. They didn't have any of this here. But I would still go back and give them another try.
5	I went to this place because I received a coupon in the Mailer Packet sent to my home.  I have no insurance so was looking for an affordable dentist for a check up and cleaning.  Let me tell you, they did not disappoint.  The front desk person was nice and answered all my payment-plan questions.  The dentist herself was kind and took the time to go over my x-rays and all the options I had and procedures I didn't need.  At other dentists office I had gone to in Las Vegas, they push me for deep scaling cleaning or other treatments that I always felt were unnecessary.  At this office I felt they were honest and gave me information on services as an option for the future but was reassured that my teeth were fine.  The cleaning itself was done by a wonderful woman (forgot her name) with blond hair and great attitude.  She cleaned my teeth like they've never been cleaned before.  It was wonderful!  I've never felt so comfortable in a dentist office before and recommend this place to all my family members even the Spanish speaking. I can't comment on other options like braces or heavy dental work but just as yearly checkup and cleaning that I received, it was a great service.  Might not be a lot of bells and whistles with TVs in every exam room but I'd rather have quality service then be entertained while I wait.
