3	This Au Bon Pain is pretty much like any other Au Bon Pain you'll find from Philadelphia International Airport to the Chicago Loop.  You'll pretty much find the same sandwiches, the same bagels, & the same soups no matter which one you go to.  But I like their coffee here (seriously, is there a cup of coffee out there that Susan D. does not like?) and on nice days, I like getting a sandwich to go.  I'll take it over to one of the nearby plazas & dine al fresco.
2	Ugh - so I went here this morning and while there was nothing wrong with the food (just got apple cinnamon oatmeal - review on that later) the cashier was bothering me.  I mean it's freaking 7:45 AM in the morning - just let me pay for my damn oatmeal and get to work!  There was NO ONE else in line, therefore no one in front of me and I'm standing in front of the cashier waiting to pay...now get this...I'm standing there, debit card in hand, while she's completing a text message.  And it's not like she just needs to press "send" oh no - there's is content getting written before my eyes as I wait there, and I'm thinking to myself is this really happening, who the hell could she be texting this early, and why the hell is she making me wait while she completes the content of a text message.  Now, I realize that ABP (Au Bon Pain) isn't some uber-professional establishment, but I'm thinking this should be in customer service 101 - stop texting while a customer is waiting to pay for item, you may resume texting after customer(s) are gone.  The oatmeal was tasty - and I like that they have a self-serve topping area (containers filled with nuts, cranberries, raisins, brown sugar, granola).  They had a choice between plain and apple cinnamon oatmeal - I went for the apps cinn mush - good stuff.  If only they could train their employees better.
3	Decent food but a little overpriced. They will make you a salad (you can choose 3 items) and a meat for $7.49.  You get a bread stick too. You can also get overpriced soup or a sandwich.  Lots of choices.  The cookies and scones and pastries are on the high end; similar to Panera.  Average tasting at best.  I wouldn't call this bakery fresh.  They are all over Pittsburgh.
3	Ordered soup today for $5.19 and they charged me $1.19 baguette which you usually get for free with a salad. Surprised it didn't come with the soup.  Soup was decent (Chicken Noodle).  They have about 8 choices each day.  This place is a gold mine with limited nearby options outside of Qdoba and Mcdonalds and a few pizza places.  Add an iced tea and the bill is almost $10.  Crazy!
3	You mean I can have a nice pecan roll--all 740 calories, 85 grams of carbs, & 48 grams of sugar of it?  Whoo-hoo!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!Actually I didn't get that calorie bomb.  I came here for lunch today with a co-worker and had a somewhat more sane chicken salad sandwich.  My sandwich was good, but was about the same as any at ABP, Panera Bread, etc.
3	Ahh... ABP. How I wish there were less of you downtown and more of pretty much any other restaurant.I met a friend here recently for lunch. Even though I arrived a few minutes before noon, the dining room did not look particularly clean as all the tables were covered in crumbs. The food was pretty good.... My tomato soup was tasty, and my baguette was nice and soft. They also carry my favorite chip brand, Food Should Taste Good. Stay away from the peach tea as it's dangerously good.
3	This location is much better than some of the other downtown Pittsburgh locations, but only because the guy who makes my create your own salads is really really friendly. I love that you can create your own salad; however, for $7.99, I wish the lettuce was always at the peak of freshness. It sometimes is, it sometimes isn't.I like the variety of soups; however, if you want mac and cheese, come early because they always run out of it. The tuscan bean is good, as is the tomato bisque.The roast beef with herbed cheese on a baguette is my favorite sandwich, and this one has never every let me down.Perhaps if the prices were a little lower, I would be more satisfied with the quality of the food.
