3	Everything is homemade and top of the line.  LOVE IT!  The brisket, especially.  All of the meat is tender, sauce is homemade & incredible.  Coleslaw & beans are worth trying!  That being said, its the most expensive BBQ place around.  There are no specials with sides or family platters like every other BBQ place I've ever been to offers so its just so $$$$$$$$$$$$$.
5	A really great place. We chose it randomly for lunch on a drive through Wickenburg. The decor on the inside is awesome--Western without being kitschy. The waitstaff were really nice. The menu is small, so it's clear they do everything in house. They even specify that everything is homemade but the bread and the fries--I like places that are honest about what they've done themselves and what they buy pre-made.The food itself was exceptional. Assuredly the best barbecue I've had in Arizona, and maybe more widely... I had pulled pork and brisket with the coleslaw & beans and a corn muffin. The muffin was excellent with their honey butter, the beans weren't too sweet (the biggest problem with bbq beans), and the sauce was great. I liked that they served it on the side. The coleslaw was also really good and quite obviously freshly prepared.My only gripe is that they use Styrofoam cups. All their dinnerware is disposable, which is fine for a bbq joint, but I'd like an alternative to Styrofoam.Overall, really over-the-top excellent place.
5	Fantastic small BBQ joint. Pulled pork and brisket was fantastic. Great ambiance and bbq!!!!!
4	terrific pork ribs!  WARNING - dont plan on walking away hungry from this one.strangely, Wickenburg downtown seemed to lack for decent restaurants, according to yelp and tripadvisor restareviews.   this may be the one lone exception.
4	Simply delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 but get there while the gettin is good, cause its so good they run out sometimes. WOWee is all I can say, superb BBQ, made me wanna stop there everytime I pass through. and the prices are very reasonable. Fantastic slow cooked savory BBQ, makes you want to eat the bones too. I dont really eat beef, but when I saw my BFs ribs I just had to try it, and then again... Satisfied Customer 100%
5	Tried this while driving back to Las Vegas after Christmas in AZ, and the entire family LOVED the food (including 3 boys aged 7-15) - all the types of meat we tried (chicken, ribs, pulled pork) were tender and very smokey. My oldest son had the bacon-wrapped hot dog (Sloppy Dog?) and it filled him up (unusually for this teen boy). I was reluctant to try a local resturant at first, because the week before on the way through town I made a BAD choice (only 1 of 5 family members thought the food there was even OK) but my wife chose this location with the help of Yelp (yea Yelp!) and we were very happy with the food and service. Certainly we will be eating here again the next time in WIckenberg.
5	Had a great time. Food and service was great. Owner very friendly. Definetly will be back when I am riding my bike in the area.
5	We made a quick stop for a late lunch as we were drove through Wickenburg the road from Phoenix to to Las Vegas. The food exceeded our expectations and was served up faster than most "fast food" restaurants. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich, brisket sandwich, baked beans, sweet potato fries, and potato salad. My wife thought the sweet potato fried were the best she has ever eaten. I thought my brisket sandwich was great until I tasted the pulled pork, which I rated even higher. The baked beans were to die for. And to top it all off, they served up a warm triple chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream. Wow!
5	For some reason, I am always shocked when I find a great Barbecue restaurant in the Western United States. This is your typical smoked meat in a plastic basket type place. The food was well cooked and very tasty. The portions are large and they even offered me another refill for the road. I thought that was pretty classy. If you're passing through Wickenburg, try this place out.
5	See all those 4 and 5 stars?  (Even the 3 star is pretty darn positive).So what are you waiting for?  GO!
5	this place was fantastic! Now don't get me wrong, i won't be driving all the way to Wickenburg to satisfy a craving, but when i'm in town (either on the way up or back from Vegas) there's no doubt i'll stop, hungry or not.It was lunchtime when we stopped, so a two item combo for me (links and pork ribs, cornbread, coleslaw and beans), and a full rack of pork ribs for my traveling companion ( a veteran of the place who knew the value of bringing home plenty of leftovers).i loved the "small town" feel with the exposed and rather spartan service station, and the guns and roses and aromas drifting out of the open door to the kitchen added to the "home cooking" feeling.if you like bbq, and you find yourself in Wickenburg, hungry or not, stop at the Hog Trough.
4	Like many of the other reviewers, we stopped here on our way from Phoenix to Las Vegas.  We don't normally stop in Wickenburg but trying to get out of the city during rush hour took so long that we were already hungry and needing a break.  I am glad we decided to come here instead of fast food.I wouldn't say its the best barbeque I've had, but it's pretty good for AZ. The main reason to come to this place is its charming atmosphere.  There were lots of antiques and western art on the walls.  The cute, kitschy stuff that the chain restaurants try to replicate but never quite get it right.  You could tell that the staff has a lot of pride in this place and their town.  Our server greeted almost everyone who walked in the front door by name.  It is really just a cool place with a lot of history to it.  Oh, and the brisket's not bad either.
4	To start with I am not a real big BBQ fan, but the wife is, so we gave it a try. I am now a fan. This place is amazing! Service was very good. There is no alcohol, but you can bring your own beer for a  small cork fee ($1.00)
5	Excellent BBQ. Well worth the drive from Phoenix. Try the potato salad!
4	Hog Trough Smokehouse BBQ is a great place to stop when your driving through Wickenburg! Right in historic downtown, the Hog Trough is a quaint little BBQ spot with a cute old-time Western decor. I loved the shelves of antique cookwareThe aroma of BBQ that hits you as you walk in is amazing and makes your mouth water. The place is family-owned and super friendly. I think I got a glimpse of the Pit Boss in the back preparing some corn bread. The Hog Trough specializes in smoked meat that they slow smoke for 8 to 14 hours - brisket, pulled pork, pulled chicken, links and St. Louis style pork ribs, referring to the way the ribs are butchered. I had the pulled pork and pork ribs with BBQ beans, potato salad, and cornbread. Yum!! Everything was great and I quickly wished I had ordered more cornbread smeared with that delicious honey butter. I think I would have liked the meat itself to be hotter, but the pork was tasty and I enjoyed the BBQ sauce. Whatever recipes they use for the beans and the potato salad are amazing! I'm not a huge fan of beans and potato salad and never willingly order them for sides, but these were really good. I'd happily go back just for those sides!One thing that I was not a huge fan of was lack of real dinnerware. I know it's a BBQ thing to eat from Styrofoam containers with plastic cutlery  - but I'm just not into it. It kinda makes me feel dirty and I don't enjoy the food as much. But I know that's just me and doesn't really take away from the quality of the food. However, I'd love to see a small local place like this move towards a more sustainable kitchen, with real dishes, more natural food products (like Abita root beer instead of Barq's), and Arizona-raised products. This place would really shine. I highly recommend stopping in on your way into or out of Phoenix! So much better than any of the fast food along the way.
4	Very good brisket, real tender and tasty. Meat is cooked with a dry rub and sauce provided on the side. I much prefer this over meat cooked in gooey sweet stuff. Sweet potato fries were especially good: thin, crispy, just the right amount of salt. Cole slaw was clearly homemade, kind of an orange hue to it, fine but not my favorite. Really nice folks, great service. Easy to miss the sign - it is in the old town downtown section, across from the theater.
1	Ordered a bacon wrapped deep fried hot dog with their homemade relish........and potato salad......it came as potato salad SOUP and the hot dog was soooo salty that I could not eat it, the relish was tasteless and NEON green, the diet coke was good though......the reviews I read we're good which is why we stopped there, but all I have to say is the reviewers  don't get out much
5	Stopped in on the advice of a trusted friend and found that all of the five star reviews are well earned!  We had the beef brisket, smoked sausage link, baked beans, and coleslaw.   The meats were precisely cooked, juicy, delicious and tasty.  Sauce is totally optional here!!The sides were great!Service was helpful and friendly!  And parking was plentiful, convenient and easy.WE WILL BE BACK!   This place not only exceeds expectations, it raises the bar for BBQ!
5	Found this little gem of a restaurant last time I was driving through Wickenburg.  The food was amazing and the decor was the perfect western shabby chic mix.
5	Fantastic home made BBQ. The beans are to die for and the ribs fall off the bone.
3	I was in the area with a few friends and checked this place out for lunch based on the Yelp reviews. We all had pork sandwiches, with various sides. The pork is OK, same for the sides. Service was average and  refills and extra napkins were slow. As other reviewers have noted, it's plasticware and styrofoam cups here.  Cheap napkins and zeroxed menus. In my opinion, they should switch things around and do away with table service. If they had customers order at the counter and put the soda machine in the dining room, it would be a better match for the food and presentation.
3	Get the 2 meat meal platter and ask for buns.
4	Anyone who follows my reviews knows that BBQ is not my favorite cuisine. That having been said, when we headed out to the Hog Trough Smokehouse to meet friends on Saturday, I was less than enthused but I suck it up in honor of my family. And honestly? I'm glad I did. This rustic little place in Wickenburg is a diamond in the...well...rougher? Service was helpful, knowledgeable and patient with our larger group. Parking was at a premium as there was some sort of event in town but it worked out fine for us. This is a picnic tables, paper napkins, plastic wear, and styrofoam cup kind of place so don't expect fine dining here. Rustic food served in a rustic style place in a rustic style town? Sounds about right to me!Pulled chicken is my go-to meal when I enjoy barbecue and was surprised to see the sauce served on the side! That's right--I got to add as much--or as little as I like! You actually get to enjoy the integrity of the meat versus guessing because it's over-sauced. The meat was not overly smoky, but had a nice smoke flavor to it. Imagine that...flavorful food! I enjoyed the potato salad and cornbread muffin with it. The sides are tasty and well seasoned. The bun for the sandwich was fresh and didn't overpower the sandwich either. I got to taste the coleslaw and the beans that my dining partners had and next time I will order the cole slaw as my side to go on top of the pulled chicken. I thought it might come that way but it didn't. That's ok...just gives me a reason to go back. And I will go back! How could I not? The food was plentiful, flavorful, and the servers knew what they were doing and how to talk about the food in their presentation!
5	What an excellent find in downtown Wickenburg. Super good pulled pork sandwiches, wife had ribs and beans that were awesome. Cute place and friendly service! Check it out!
5	Our party of four tried 2 lunch (2 rib bones) specials; the all pork sandwich; and the brisket & bacon sandwich. This way, we could sample the various meats. Simply put, this place earns the high marks that we read from other patrons! We also added a side of sweet potato fries and a side of beans.  Both are very good--the fries crispy and the beans very tasty. I don't normally see 3+types of beans in these sides, and the flavor is very rich and complex. Worth the stop!
4	This was a quaint little restaurant in Wickenburg right in the heart of their fun shopping district. This place is exactly what it says it is, a BBQ joint. Paper menus, plastic forks and styrofoam cups with the food served in baskets. I read a few complaints about these things, which seems really silly. I think it just adds to its character as a laid back place for good food. Two of us shared a 2 meat platter, which allowed us to chose 2 different meats to share. We got the pulled pork and the beef brisket.  A meal also comes with 2 sides and a corn muffin. The sauce comes on the side so you can add as much or as little as you would like. We had to order buns separately for another dollar each. There was just enough meat in the 2 meat meal for two sandwiches.  The waffle fries were great but the coleslaw was a bit stranger (but yummy when mixed with the pork and sauce). The bill was $32 for 3 people which is just slightly more than you would pay for crappy fast food these days. This place is worth a chance!
5	Probably the best reason I could ever give you to not give up on your vegan friends is the fact that nearly every vegan I've ever known has fallen, and you absolutely want to be there when it happens. Yes, eventually, these altruistic assholes all fall from grace at some point and when they do, they typically fall hard. This is where your role as an enabler comes in handy!You're a carnivore by nature. Things like carcinogen warnings from smoke, or a bowel-obstructed ending don't scare you in the least. You've made it your life's business to know the best places to eat tasty animals of every species.And this is why you'll bring your newly converted friend here, to the Hog Trough. The Hog Trough serves up some of the finest smoked meats in the region, rivaling any Texas or Kansas City BBQ joints I've been to. Their sauce needs work, but if you're a purist like me, an antithetical vegan by nature, you're going to want to get this place on your 'last supper' bucket list. The service here is slow, but then this is Mayberry so get used to it. Get used to how the locals come in just to talk to the staff, as the staff conveniently forgets they're employed, and, happen to be on the clock.Forget how the food is served up on paper plates, with plastic utensils, styrofoam cups, and the cheapest napkins known to mankind. Forget all that. Simply revel in the moment, taking it all in. You're in one of the finest carnivore establishments this side of Phoenix, dining with a friend whom for years has admonished your eating habits. Well eat and enjoy, marveling at the notion that with any karmic justice, your friend will make up for lost time and red-meat his ass into an untimely ending....the victim of his own prophetic words;  "cancerous, bowel-obstructing, red meats aren't good for you Diego, you really should try the vegan lifestyle."I tried going vegan once, but found I couldn't live off of cold pizza, stripper glitter, and beer for more than a week.
5	great food, great prices, friendly service.
4	We stopped in after a local bike race and ordered the High on the Hog sandwich.  Wicked Good!!!!  The device was like being at mom house, she took care of us like she would her kids.  I stand by my assessment of BBQ places that use plastic ware!  We will be back!
5	Best BBQ that you can find from Vegas to Phoenix, very tasty, it melts in you mouth and on top of that, cheap!! For those who lost everything in Vegas!
5	This is an awesome little BBQ place on the way back from Phoenix to Las Vegas we found using Yelp!It has delicious BBQ lunch specials. The atmosphere and decor is great, just the perfect little distraction along the rode.
2	I'm from CA where we have everything and anything so my review may be totally off for locals. I went to this place when they were about 40 minutes from closing. They had run out of the two things I wanted, Ribs and mac n' cheese. I got the brisket instead and that was ok. it was alot of food but is was just ok.
5	This is the best BBQ food I've eaten in a long time!!
3	I chose this place based on its 4.5 star rating and assumed it had to be the best choice in town. Once again, this strategy has left me feeling duped and disappointed. You can smell the smokey BBQ outside. But that smell somehow did not transfer into our food. 1. Service was impersonal. Asked for straws twice. No refills offered. Server said goodbye and thank you after walking away from the table with her back to us 10 feet away. 2. Food was nothing special. Pulled brisket and chicken sandwiches were  bland, and luke warm. Ketchup and BBQ sauces seemed like cheap generic brands. Coleslaw was too thickly cut and what's with the honey mustard dressing? Never had coleslaw like that. 3. $7.50 for a plain average 4 ounce sandwich, and you charge extra for coleslaw which would normally come on a sandwich like this anyway? Will not return. Might just pack a picnic lunch for our next adventure to Wickenburg.
3	If you want beer with your bar-b-que, bring it with you. Smells great in here. Ordered ribs. My husband ordered three meat plate. Ribs definitely best meat on the menu. They were delicious.
4	Boy, do I take it to a 4 or a 3?  Sorry, this place is suffering.  I still see the 4 and 5 stars and I'll give it a 4 this time.....but I'm on the edge.  I'm so close to a three.Service has been poorFood as gone down in qualityService has been poorI'm tired of plastic and paper - is this trend from KC?Service has been poor
5	If Jesus makes a second coming, I'd recommend two things. First, he get a good law firm...preferably Jewish, specializing in personal injury.Second, he drop all that fish and bread nonsense when it comes time for supper and head for the Hog Trough with me.Jesus would be all; "Behold, my son, thine pork doth fall off its bone. And thoust brisket is moist and juicy, unlike my blessed mother Mary's whom, being Jewish should have known how to cook a brisket but apparently never learned to do so because she was busy cheating on my dad with God. Now eat my son."Also, if he does come back, I hope he brings a bankroll with him. I could just see him trying to stick me with the bill, claiming his robe doesn't have any pockets and all. But I won't have it. Shit, he's Jesus. If anything, he oughta pull a miracle out of his non-pocketed robe and stop time while we dash for my ride and bounce the hell outa there. Anyway, that's if Jesus were to come back.I think he's smarter than coming back to this world's mess, no matter how good Hog Trough and Goldberg and Osborne may be.
2	Second visit here. Drove in from Phoenix. First time food was decent so we decided to try it again. This time was just a whole lot of nothing special. Certainly not worth an hour drive. Both times I have come they were "out of something." It is even written on a  board to be filled in daily.  Today was ribs...really, ribs at lunch in a BBQ joint.  The food was mediocre at best, the waitress was dismissive and bothered by working, the restaurant was clean and the bathroom was clean though. Likely because the lunch rush consisted of three people. Conclusion: Nothing special about this BBQ!
4	As a girl from Texas, I'll be the first to say that I'm not easily impressed with BBQ from other parts of the southwest. However, the flavors and portion sizes are generous at Hog Trough, and it exceeded my expectations for a restaurant in a small town. If you're hungry in Wickenburg, come here!I ordered the Lite Lunch (which you can order ALL DAY), which is a great deal if you're appetite is more on the small side. It comes with 2 ribs and a side, and I paid a little extra for a second side. The ribs were juicy and tender, and the BBQ sauce had a nice vinegar flavor. The BBQ Beans had a little bit of heat, great flavor, and were delicious! I also got the cole slaw, which wasn't in much mayonnaise and was just alright.Overall, four stars because I would definitely come again if I were in Wickenburg again.  It definitely exceeded my expectations. The BBQ is on point, but nothing that you couldn't get from a decent BBQ place in a big city.
5	CLOSED! Unfortunately, the owner/pit master has been diagnosed with cancer. Our hearts are with him & his family.
