4	Rita's Italian ice is an East Cost Regional Chain based in Trevose PA selling Italian Ice custard and Gelati and more.The first day of spring (so far) they traditionally give out free regular size Italian Ice .This new location just opened and till Tuesday (4-5-11) they are giving out free regular size Italian Ice till the official opening on Wednesday. (4-6-11)We had the passion fruit and the chocolate ice and we had them topped with the really GREAT custards one vanilla the other chocolate they were really great and just like we remember from before .This new Arizona location is different, a real walk in store not a window in a shack see what the shacks looked like at ritasice.com . The other difference is that this one is open year round!It's about time Arizona got some Italian Water Ice!
4	I first had Rita's when I lived on the east coast. I was excited to hear of one opening locally.  They have great ice's and custards.  This is a terrific place to go; the flavors are intense and ever changing.  Mix it up a little, try something new.  You won't regret it.
5	My wife and I are from Lancaster, PA and one thing we missed from there was Rita's! We actually loved it some much that we tried to open one out here years ago but they were only opening chain stores on the east coast at that time!She freaked out yesterday when we drove past your store and found out we now have one here! She then went there last night and got us both some. It as as good or better than we remembered! We look forward to being a long time customer!Yummy!
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! I've been there about 5 or 6 times since I discovered it 2 weekends ago. Each time I visit, I try a different flavor and so far every one has been completely awesome. I haven't tried the custard yet but went last weekend with some friends and they said it was great.The parking is kind of crappy but it is worth it.
2	Having moved here from the east coast the Philadelphia area I grew up on Rita's Italian Ice.  I have been to the Glendale location this Sunday with a friend I had a Gelati (chocolate & cherry), and my friend had a Banana Misto. Both products lack the fruit that Rita's ice is know for and set them apart from others. The quality of product was not consistent with product I had in Philly two week ago.Again where's the fruit?
2	Did a re-visit and it was NOT THE SAME AT ALL! and tossed our orange and pear water ice's out! they were watered down in flavor and the orange tasted fake ,they didn't taste like Rita's      WHAT HAPPENED?I didn't try the custard this time ....so I hope that it is still good or this would have went down to one star
5	My dreams came true a few months ago...when someone told me they were opening a Rita's in Phoenix!!! I'm from PA and Rita's is a summertime STAPLE back east. There was nothing like it out here and I was SO EXCITED to see one open up. I dusted off my Rita's giftcard that I received as a stocking stuffer last Christmas from  my east coast family and hopped in the car after an exhausting track workout. Nevermind that I live nowhere near the location; I was willing to drive. I've been to this Rita's twice and have not been disappointed. The staff is super friendly and helpful; the Italian ice is always delicious. I only wish there were a location in central Phoenix, as Glendale really is a hike for me. But the distance just  gives me an excuse to bring a quart home :)
2	I'm from Philly and had to stop in when I found out a Rita's was open.It wasn't exactly what I had remembered, Flavor was just OK and not as intense. Not bad, but not great.I prefer Repicci's Italian Ice. They don't have their own store, but it's carried at Cookiez on Mill in Tempe and also they are at a lot of festivals in the valley. You can also find quarts and pints at AJ's markets.Just glad there are finally some good Italian Ice options for us East Coast folks out here in AZ!
5	I have been to Philly dozens of times looking forward to Rita's water ice.  Now I just have to drive down the street.  It is the closest thing to the original I have had,  and without the horrible accents.  If u are looking for a delicious treat for the whole family,  this is it.
4	This is the kind of dessert place the West Valley needs more of. The custard is very good. The only problem is I love orange creme custard and it only rotates in every three weeks. The last two time I have been I have had the pumkin pie ice. It tastes just like pumkin pie. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The hours on this site are off. They are open to 10:00 only on Friday and Saturday night, 9:00 the other days.
4	HAPPY !Sampled a few flavors all checked out well and ordered Gelati's Yum yum Delish!
4	Moved from Lancaster, PA (that is 'LAN cas tur' for the tourist) to the Sun on Earth, 10 years ago. Always said Phoenix needs a Rita's. My first visit I asked for my old regular, tangerine gelati, but it wasn't available. Settled on mango gelati. It now my new favorite. Live right around the corner so I have to control myself. Thanks for bringing a taste from home to the Valley.
5	I love this place. The employees are wonderful. I talked to the owner last time I was in and she was a doll! I always just get the Italian ice but it is great! HUGE selection. I would recommend checking it out. I heard they may open one in Surprise (where live) and I couldn't be more excited!!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Rita's.  The owner Barb is in often as they have been open for about a year now.  They give you numerous free samples, staff is friendly and everything is delicious!
5	Yummy, refreshing, their flavors are so awesome! They are natural flavors with no artificial flavors, Love the Pear!!!!!! Love all the flavors! just try it you can't go wrong....
4	First time I tried Rita's was in New Jersey.I was instantly a fan. I always thought it would be the perfect gelato shop for somewhere like Phoenix. Needless to say when I saw a Rita's was opening up in the neighborhood I was pretty excited. Rita's gelato is so creamy and really quite perfect by itself or paired with many of their tasty sorbets. I took the safe route when I went here and paired Rootbeer sorbet with vanilla gelato. Classic. Without a doubt I would definitely recommend this joint and can't wait to venture out to this location again!
5	loveeeeeeeeee this placeeee! so amazing and the staff is super friendly!!! definitely will be going back
5	I come here about 2-3 a week and LOVE it.I like getting the "Misto" where they blend custard and ice to make a milkshake like product. My favorite flavors are: Coconut, Cheesecake, Banana Split, Pumpkin Pie, S'moresThey are very knowledgeable when it comes to gluten-free too! The service is A+, extremely friendly, patient and quick.They also have specials every month or 2 and update their flavors on the website daily.
5	So glad I came in again even though I moved 20 minutes away.The coconut cream ice is delectable as usual, I like to mix it with chocolate or strawberry custard and I'm in heaven. The staff are extremely friendly and courteous.Check out what all the hype is about!
5	We are hooked! This place is awesome. The Gelati with Italian Ice and Frozen Custard is delicious. I highly recommend it...
5	Great custard just like back home. Their Italian ice and cream ice are also great. Give them a try you wont be disappointed!
5	Simply amazing :)
5	Light. Fresh. Cool. Delicious. Rita's Ice Custard is my kryptonite during the summer, especially the Pear and the Wild Black Cherry (though I have yet to not like a flavor).They are generous with their samples and the service is always friendly. The environment is clean and friendly. Loooovvvveee me some Rita's!
5	This was Sooooo good!  Cool, refreshing, just plain yummy!Ya gotta try it for a refreshing dessert!
5	Absolutely yummy. I recommend the Gelati. It's three layers, custard on the bottom the Italian ice in the middle and custard on top. I'm a fan of orange so I had orange cream custard and orange Italian ice. The staff was wonderful they offered samples which really helped with finding flavors that tasted well together.
5	This location is difficult to find but once we got there I forgot all about the navigation debacle.  This was our first experience at Rita's but wont be our last.  Perfect portion size,  fun flavors, and delicious custard.   Yummy summer treat.
4	I was introduced to Rita's by my best friend who lived in Hoboken, NJ.  The shop in Hoboken had about 50 flavors of ice, compared to about 10 in PHX, but it's not the phenomenon in AZ as it is in NJ.  I love their vanilla custard and lemonade ice.  My favorite flavor in any frozen concoction is usually strawberry, but not here, because it is far from a fresh strawberry flavor.  Too fake for me!
5	I love the gelati!!!  What is a gelati?  Flavored frozen custard, italian ice, and more frozen custard.  Yes, it is FABULOUS!  I got the vanilla custard with blue raspberry.  They have tons of combs and flavors.  Or you are choice:1.  Milkshakes2.  Blendini3.  Misto4.  Gelati5.  Sundae6.  or the plain frozen custard or italian iceThe next day, I caught myself thinking about one... LOL!
4	I don't get to the west side that much but  when I do, Rita's is on my list!  The staff was friendly and the place was packed from 6 pm on with families and teenagers. I ordered a sundae.  I know sounds lame compared to getting a Mistor or Gelati. But vanilla custard with Reese's peanut butter cups and hot fudge topped with whipped cream and a cherry, is  awesome.  The price is affordable for what you get and I would recommend trying Rita's out.  There is a location in Tempe as well.
5	Obsessed with this stuff!!! It's all delicious! My favorite item to get is a Gelati! I'm usually more of a chocolate type of dessert person, so I'll choose the double chocolate, red velvet or s'mores ice with the light vanilla custard. You would have no idea it's light. Well, I guess I don't know because I've never tried the regular custard since the light is amazing! Thick, creamy and sweet!!! Mmm sometimes I wish there were more of the toppings in the ice but that doesn't stop me from coming back! It's also fun that the flavors change so frequently. A surprise every time you walk in!
5	There's very few times I have been so amazed by a treat place. Even less that they are good enough to want to review on Yelp.. And first time I actually do!I gave my taste buds the pleasure of indulging in a Gelati with vanilla custard with mango-pineapple, watermelon, and Florida orange ices. The custard, while simple, was perfect in texture and most importantly taste. The ices were incredibly tasteful and fresh. The way they were placed in the cup have me the control to taste whatever I wanted and the texture of mixing the ices with custard was the best! Rita's offers a great refreshing treat that is unique and worth every penny. This is complimented by the great customer service of the staff. While cleaning a table we were greeted and welcomed by one if the employees and the other that prepared out order was just as kind. When I asked about flavors and suggestions he was very helpful and when I asked about Rita's and the ownership he knew how to explain their business structure, you could tell he was excited to work there. Combining  the service with the great tasting and quality of the ice and custard made this a great experience! Highly recommend checking Rita's for a sweet and refreshing treat any day!! We visited on 10/26/13, the employees working were great and really did a great job at complimenting the business!
4	This is a small but good location close to home. Love the Rita ice!
1	I am not sure about the positive reviews but three of us came and I didn't even buy anything after tasting it. Hubby and sister both ate vanilla custard with hot fudge .. Both are currently regretting it and compared it to clumpy Burger King ice cream with a cheap aftertaste ! If you like to pay premium for really bad tasting ice cream .. You will love it! If you have any developed taste buds do them a favor and pass. This was more like ice custard sadness.
5	Whoa! This place rocks. I tried the Red Starburst flavor ice topped with custard, tasted just like my fave starburst. Service was awesome, they were really helpful since it was my first time visiting. Can't wait to try their Cotton Candy flavor next.
4	I thought the Italian ice was OK but hubby really liked it.  I liked their custard.  YUM!  Nice staff, yummy treat!
4	Took our son here for a treat and we all loved it. He ate the cotton candy while i had the strawberry colada and my husband had a custard sundae. They were gracious enough to offer samples since it was our first time and have really good coupons available at the counter. Will be back!
5	Everyone at this store is very welcoming. It always seems busy when I go, but the staff doesn't rush you and they do not get mad if you want 10 different samples. They genuinely want you to get your perfect ice flavor. My personal favorite is red velvet; it is so creamy and delicious! One time I called in to see if they had it and they didn't, but the gentleman offered to make it specially because I requested it! needless to say I was a happy camper and bought 3 quarts when I went to get it!
3	Moved to AZ from the East Coast but never tried Ritas before coming here. Went to the Arrowhead location.First time we tried the vanilla custard with raspberry or strawberry Italian ice and I really enjoyed it. So we went back a second time months later and got the same thing plus a vanilla custard sunday which my daughter and I shared. I didn't think it tasted that great, wasn't a fan of the chocolate sauce.  We both got very sick that night. Probably won't be going back there.
4	Great and fun place to get a treat if you want something different from Coldstone or DQ. This place was crowded, but the line moved quickly and everyone was in a great mood. They happily let us sample all sorts of flavors of custard, and of course they were all delicious. Combine that with Italian ice, and you have a combination that is all kinds of awesome. You can get different types of desserts that are varying combinations of custard and flavored ice, but everything looked great. We'll definitely be back next time we make it that far north.
4	Went here for the first time with a friend as he recommended it for me. Wasn't disappointed at all as the Italian ice lived up to my expectations. Definitely going to try this for a second time!
5	Yum!!!! Perfect for a hot summer night! We've lived here two years and I can't believe we didn't know about this place!! Staff was super friendly and helpful! Mango ice with vanilla custard is amazing! Love it!
4	I insist that you try the green apple gelati! simple as that.
5	Visited Rita's for the first time today ~ what an incredible oasis on a hot desert day!! The nicest, happiest little lady on earth gave me samples to my heart's content. I settled on a S'mores Italian Ice - which immediately took me back to happy childhood snowcreme winters. Ahhhhhh Rita - you must have been there too!!! The fruit Ice was wonderful, also - just now what I was craving today.
5	I have been coming to Rita's Italian Ice on 59th and Union Hills for about a year now. I love the creamy custard. I just started a diet and have fallen in love with the sugar free Ice. I only wish I could find the calories. I am sure there are some due to the fruit. Please point me to this information. I went to the nutritional FAQ's but could not find it there. Thanks for any assistance. Keep up the GREAT flavors.
4	My family came here a while back. Now I see Rita's Italian Ice popping up in a few locations. The Italian ice here is great! Staff is friendly and will answer your questions (even when you have no clue what you want). It's a great alternative to going to some of the more expensive ice cream places.
4	I wasn't aware of Rita's, being from the left coast, but its a nice mix (frozen custard and  Italian ice).  I was introduced to this combination at Confetti in Costa Mesa, which has a wider selection of flavors, and which I still prefer.  But that's a single location - so it was nice to find custard/Italian ice as a combination when I came out to PhoenixDefinitely worth a stop
