4	Lunchtime Buffet- 8.95 includes drink. Mon - Fri from 11:00 until 2 or 3:00 PM. I saw the sign and kept it on my mental checklist of spots to check out. We finally hit up Giuseppe's this week and it hit the spot. A choice of salads, soup, variety of pizzas, pasta, and a couple of main courses. We were there for the pork chop or sausage. I tried neither I work outside and it's too hot for that stuff. The salads were really good as was the pizza. The bowtie pasta wasn't al dente and the sauce was kinda yuck. 8.00$ and it's totally worth it. The joint's motif is Italian and sports the staff is friendly and super efficient. I got a glimpse of the Giuseppe burger and it was kind of huge I will be back for that.
2	The local foodie tour continues. Yesterday, hit Giuseppe's for lunch. I'm a little confused. This place is less than 1/2 mile away from JR's - both serve italian; both bar/grills. This ain't Flamingo or Tropicana where you got a million cars driving by every day. To the contrary, the traffic ain 't too heavy, not much in the way of nearby homes and not exactly surrounded by office buildings - who was their first ? why did the other place open given the above ? JR's was a pleasant surprise. Sadly, Giuseppe's wasn't. Went with the meatball pannini. comes with fries ( $9 ) The dining area has a nice look - i love the pics of an italian town ( not sure which town ) - the cobblestone streets, brings back fond memories of my visits to Italy. When the pannini hit the table, my memories faded fast - pannini ? are you sure ? it looked like a quesadilla !! The french fries - classic frozen, nuthin' special. the quesadilla ? the first slice had a paperthin meatball slice swimming in mozzarella cheese - they should've called this slice meatball surprise, did you bite into the meatball ? Surprise ! you're a winner ! To be fair, the remaining slices did have more meatball in them but t was very difficult to taste the meatball in any of the slices. And the dipping sauce ( marinara ) a little too sweet for my taste. not sure i'll give it a 2nd shot - might need to try some pasta before i nail the coffin !
3	The Pizza's are what you'd expect from an Italian joint. Everything tasted fresh and done well!  The crust was not soggy, nor too crusty, and salty! Don't know too much about the pasta, maybe on my next trip there! Ok selection of beers, but then again I would think the wine selection is better. Chin-Chin
4	Pop quiz! Where's a place that serves yummy Italian food at 1am on a late Sunday night/early Monday morning? Exactly... With some help from Yelp and Google, we find this place. I pick up a lady friend, whom I've just met, and we venture forth to fill our late night cravings of garlic and pasta. Giuseppe's is a standalone restaurant which seems to be surrounded by desert. We pull up around 1:30am to find a decent number of cars in the parking lot. After three sets of doors, we finally make it into this 24/7 bar and grill. A huge square bar stands in front of us after we enter the room. About 14 or so people are sitting around the bar drinking and some eating... You guessed it... Pasta!We eye a spot in the corner and perch ourselves on the high bar stool and table. The friendly bartender, Mike, greets us from behind the bar and delivers his standard line, "What can I get you guys to drink?". We opted to look over the menus first, since that's what we were really here for. He lays down two menus and our adventure begins.The offering is pretty extensive for a bar and grill. Appetizers, Specialties, Pastas, Soups, Salads, Pizzas, Burgers, Sandwiches, Steaks, Seafood options line the menu. Wow. Where do we begin? Ah yes, straight to the pasta section. Remember, we're looking for key words. Pasta. Check. Garlic. Check.After a few moments, we are still unsure on what to order. Everything looks so good! We have a few dishes in mind but nothing set in stone yet. Mike comes by and we ask him what the specialties are. We tell him we are looking for pasta, garlic, and red sauce with a spicy kick. He recommends the Cappellini Pomadore and the Linguini Calamari. Funny. Those were two dishes we were both looking at. Done deal.Since this was our first time out together, my guest and I had tons to talk about. Life stories, pet peeves, likes, dislikes, dreams, aspirations, and so on... And finally... The food arrives. Both dishes look delicious. Without missing a beat in our conversation, we both dig in and continue chatting.The Cappellini Pomadore is Angel Hair pasta tossed in olive oil, roasted garlic, roasted tomato and fresh basil. We requested the red sauce on this dish have a spicy kick to it. The kitchen happily obliged.The Linguini Calamari is pasta and calamari tossed in extra virgin olive oil, roasted tomato, fresh basil, and roasted garlic.Both dishes were pretty good. Oh, did I mention each dish comes with a choice of soup or salad? We both choose the Minestrone soup, which was the special of the day.Between myself and my guest, one of us was able to finish the dish while the other had to admit defeat and take the rest of the pasta home for another small meal. Due to myself being a gentleman, I won't divulge on who finished and who didn't. =) After our meal was done, we both sat around and conversed for the next hour and half. Hey what can I say? We both got along pretty well. What we weren't expecting was Mike, our bartender/server, stopping by our table and offering us two bottles of water on the house. He apparently saw us yapping so much, he thought we'd be thirsty. I thought that was pretty spot on service.Earlier during our car ride to the place, I joked that my curfew was 4am since I had to work at 10. She, fortunately had the next day off. Our great conversation got the best of us. We looked at our clocks earlier and it read 2:30. The next thing you know its 4:15! Time flies when you're having a good time. We graciously thank Mike for being a great host and we head out homeward bound with a happily satisfied tummy.Would I eat at this place again? Definitely. Would I ask the same girl out again? Definitely. Clearly a win win situation.Oh, and before I forget, the leftovers were eaten for breakfast a day later. It was better tasting than at the restaurant. Go figure.
2	My son and I stopped in here for lunch.  This establishment needs a lot of improvement.  The service is OK, not bad but nothing special. Just servers going through the motions. The food is mediocre at best. Myself and my family all being "in the industry" you come to expect a certain standard. The sauce is seriously lacking. It tastes like Prego or something bottled. Its not horrible but its lacking and forgettable. There are so many fine establishments in Vegas and this is another forgettable place. If you are reading reviews to find a place there are plenty of other places that are far better.
4	Open 24 hours. Bar is sealed off from restaurant so the smokers won't be relegated outside. Nice touch! I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. My favorite dish is not on the menu but if you ask they will make it for you. Chicken Piccata with grilled zucchini and homefries. You have to say it just like that, otherwise you'll be sleeping with the fishes. The calamari or the pizza quesadilla appetizer can't go wrong. I keep there business cards in my car so when I hear a friend may be traveling to Vegas I hand them a card and tell them just say CatDaddy Ralph sent ya. It's nice to get away from the strip and feel at home. That is what is great about Giuseppe's. OH and the other thing they pour a stiff drink which helps you spread those gamblin dollars.
3	Smoker friendly. Terrific Italian menu. Good food, good service, nice decor, sports on 4 televisions. Excellent value.
5	This little jewel in Durango is a well kept secret that does a super job with their food & deserts. I came to this place expecting some okay food but I was blown by their great tasting food I will definitly come back for more great dining.The teramisu is to die for and their hamburgers are some of the biggest and most delicious. Enjoy
4	I always go here when I suddenly get hungry late at night. The full menu is available 24 hours a day. The food is good and reasonably priced. The caprese pizza is my favorite. The bartender is very friendly and helpful. The only thing bad thing is that last time he forgot to give me my bread!
5	I live about 5 minutes from this restaurant and went there for the first time 2 weeks ago and fell in love with the food. I have been back to the restaurant 4 times in 2 weeks. I love the anti-pasta platter, fried calamari, chicken saltimbocca, and so much more. If you are looking for great food, great portions at a low price Giuseppe's is the place to go.
5	24 hour Italian food! Giuseppe's has great food, great service and great specials. I actually have to stop myself from coming here more often because the delicious pasta is just not conducive to keeping my waistline in a respectable range. The entrees are anywhere from $5.95 up to around $20 and the portion sizes are generous. Save some room for dessert. They have a cart they bring around to tempt you into getting tiramisu, cannolis, zeppolis, carrot cake, chocolate layer cake and other such delights. THE TIRAMISU IS ABSOLUTELY DEVINE! It seems like every night there is some sort of special: i.e., Monday night 5.95 steak special, Tuesday night: 2 for 1 desserts or appetizers; Wednesday night: Free bottle of wine with entree and Thursday night half off alcohol from 4p-11p. Also I heard on the 2nd Thursday of every month there is a wine tasting. I will have to try to catch that. Next time you find yourself with an Italian food craving, I highly recommend Giuseppe's.
1	Horrible, precooked, sams club quality chicken patties for the parmesan and marsala. Service is good but food is NOT homemade.  Anyone who thinks this is "good Italian Food" should save their pennies and go to any hole in the wall Italian joint in NY ...the shocking difference might kill Ya ! Sauce - out of a jar cheese - fakeI could go onThe one Positive is the staff is super nice, too bad they have nothing to work with .
4	My wife and I made plans with friends, secured a reservation, and traveled to dine for the first time at Giuseppe's. Overall, I liked Giuseppe's a lot.Ambiance was that of a rustic Italianate setting with comfortable, high-backed booths and nice touches like faux-exposed bricks in a wall and photos of narrow lanes of one or more towns in Italy mounted around the dining room. Our choice of appetizer, Fried Calamari, started off the meal on a very high note. The lightly battered squid rings (all were rings--no tentacles) were just excellent and enhanced by a homemade, sweet and mild Marinara Sauce and a creamy White Lemon Garlic Sauce; the latter tasted like a fine Lemon Aioli. I had to consciously hold myself back from gobbling up all these morsels of the sea, so others at my table could enjoy some too! After this, things got a little frenzied, primarily because I ordered more items than I needed, to be able to flesh out a more comprehensive review of the restaurant's offerings. Since no veal was available (only sometimes on a few specials of the day), I opted for Spaghetti & Meat Sauce plus one meatball and mushrooms, which came with a cup of the soup of the day or salad. I discussed with my waiter whether to order one or two meatballs, and he suggested one because of the meat sauce. Since there were also several small meatballs in my order of Wedding Soup, boy, was he ever right! I am a sucker for Italian Wedding Soup; next to Onion Soup Gratinee, it is my favorite soup. So, when I saw this on the menu, I just could not pass it by. And, because the soup of the day was an interesting sounding Stuffed Green Pepper Soup, and I love stuffed peppers, I ordered this, too. Plus, since a regular Dinner Salad or Caesar Salad came with my wife's order of Chicken Parmigiana, and she doesn't eat any vegetables other than potatoes, that was also going to be consumed by me--which is what caused traffic control problems at my table. After the empty Calamari plate was cleared, the Stuffed Green Pepper Soup and the Caesar Salad were delivered to the table next--which was fine, along with very good Italian bread and offered vinegar and oil. But I had to ask for butter twice before it came, and wait awhile for replenishment of my glass of Sprite and for the second soup. When the Wedding Soup did finally arrive, it was in a giant bowl that could comfortably serve four. Yet it was all mine. So, I quickly downed the Stuffed Green Pepper Soup, which was simply superb. This dish featured ground beef and well-cooked pieces of carrot and celery in a flavorful broth, and tasted exactly like a stuffed green pepper--except the soup contained small torpedo-shaped dissolini noodles instead of rice. It then took me awhile to eat the fresh-tasting AND LARGE Caesar Salad with its crispy romaine lettuce, croutons, and fresh Parmesan Cheese shavings that was finished with a very nice and smooth creamy Caesar dressing while the second soup was waiting. The only discordant note involving the salad was finding a small piece of the inedible bottom of the head of the lettuce mixed in with the greens. At least I saw it before I tried to eat it! I got halfway through the second soup, and the entrees arrived. But I can't really fault the restaurant for the pileup of food on my table. For, once I tasted the Wedding Soup, it was obvious that it had just been made from scratch in the kitchen. Therefore, it probably took as long to construct this soup as the spaghetti, meat sauce, & meatball with mushrooms. And, my dining companions had a right to be fed, too, without waiting for me to finish off all of my several ordered preliminary dishes. With tasty meatballs and large leaves of spinach floating in the very tasty broth, the second soup was also excellent.  But of course there was too much of it!  Even so, I wasn't going to let any of it go to waste, so I devoured it all. Surprisingly, my pasta dish was still piping hot when I began to tackle it. With its immense size and how laden it was with meat sauce, this imposing entree looked like a meatball-topped volcano of spaghetti that had recently erupted and discharged dark brown lava of meat sauce down its sides. It was the only dish of the night with which I was not thrilled, for on my first brush with the sauce it tasted more bitter than sweet. Real Parmesan Cheese was grated onto it by my friendly server, and the dish was still good--just not with as sweet a sauce as I prefer. But, at home the next day for lunch, I was pleased that any trace of bitterness in the microwaved meat sauce was all gone. Since everything was homemade, I just couldn't resist all of the tempting items presented on a large dessert cart. And, I'm glad that I didn't. For, a slice of Lemon Meringue Pie was fresh, very lemony, and delicious; just as were supple hunks of Fried Dough that had been sprinkled with sugar. This was a very pleasant and satisfying dining experience.
2	When you own and work at a Bar & Grille one can understand how difficult that may be, but please don't loose site of your clientele.  The food, overall is good and mostly homemade, which is a plus.  But I am always disappointed by the bar staff...it seems that I am always an inconvenience to them.  I could understand long wait times if the place was overflowing with people but when you are one of four at the bar...really?
1	The food is good but the staff lacks. I ordered some food to go on Tuesday at the Anthem Highlands location because it was 2 for 1 Tuesday after I placed the order they told me that they won't honor the deal despite it being on the menu that they not only sent me in the mail but gave me the week prior.  Even after I told the That they just honored the deal last week when I ordered from them.  They just replied sorry we won't honor it.  Needless to say we went elsewhere.  Not a good start to your new location especially for being in a small community that talks a lot about the service at the local restaurants and stores.
4	I'd heard good things about this place, but it still took me a while to try it. now I wish I had earlier. I was sat immediately and the waitress was over within a few minutes. When I said I was interested in wine the waitress suggested I try somethings different than what I was looking at, and then she brought out samples of each for me to try. She was spot on in her recommendation/ It went perfectly with what I was ordering where as what I wanted first off would have been too much for my food.The food was great and the ambiance was perfect, slightly darkened restaurant with music playing in the background, but with sports on the monitors in the dining area.It was my first time there and I was made to feel like I was a welcome friend.I ordered the chicken Ricatta with a salad and a Merlot. With the bread and the salad, I was not looking for desert after I finished. Fortunately it is not much of a drive, because I am going to be coming back regularly.
2	Ok have to say I have had it with this place and will now take my business elsewhere. When I have visited in person service was great but god forbid u call for delivery let's see I called to order a pizza and asked if they could leave off the mushrooms I was told they would have to build the pizza from scratch and it would cost extra..... huh I work in the business since when does it cost to leave off a topping? needless to say I didn't order... a few days later I thought I would give them another try well how nice is it to call to place an order and just be left on hold...no one ever came back on the line so I finally hung up after 9 mins (my phone has a timer) so needless to say I am done will find a place that will apreciate my business
3	Clean, friendly, nicely decorated.  The food was very good, salads were excellent, we had spaghetti with meat sauce and the house lasagna.  The lasagna could have been warmer and was a little dry.  The lasagna is the type that is made with no sauce inside it, they cover it with sauce and because the portion was so large, they didn't get enough sauce on top to keep it all wet and saucy while it was being eaten.  As with many restaurants, the lasagna portion had to have been warmed prior to bringing it out to us and they didn't get it warm enough.  Prices were very reasonable.  We will return, but we won't be in a rush to do it.
2	Bad service. Food is ok. Water tastes like crap. Management interrupts table while they serve guests. Forget beverage orders with 2 tables being served. I've been here a half dozen times and I'm never impressed.
1	Not sure. Walked in; place looked semi-deserted. Sat down, waiter brought our drinks, then 20 minutes later we left without ordering. Seems like a depressing out of the way place now that everything else has been built up so much around it. Again, a sad state of affairs in the local economy.
2	That about sums it up for me.  Meh.  It kinda is.  Went here for a teenagers birthday party.  It was a joyous event, especially for the guest of honor turning 16!  Laughing and dancing was had by all.  Decent place to have a party that's on the smaller side (around 100 people).But the food was just on the average, nothing I could find as special at all.  The appetizers were bland.  Chicken fingers with ranch, and breaded calamari with marinara?  Not the greatest because they definitely were from frozen and not from scratch.  Soggy bits everywhere.The party had a buffet with a spread of some of Giuseppe's offerings.  I have to say though, none of it was really all that spectacular.  It definitely rang in 'bar food' for me...but not great bar food that you can find in other spots and watering holes.  It was just unimpressive at Giuseppe's.Their Italian Chopped Salad had romaine, salami, capocolla, zucchini, gorgonzola, tomato, roasted peppers, and red onion tossed in the hour Italian dressing.  This was ok, on par with what you would find in lots of Italian joints.  It did get soggy though as the buffet line passed since it was tossed in the dressing ahead of time.  On the buffet line was also roasted potatoes, fresh mixed vegetables, penne pasta wtih Giuseppe's tomato sauce, and  breaded chicken breast with peppers and mushrooms in a wine glaze.  All average, and nothing you couldn't have made yourself in your own kitchen.  Although I will say that their tomato sauce isn't bad, I'm hoping that they use high quality San Marzano tomatoes in their sauce but who knows!  Chicken was moist and tender but was lacking in the flavor department, nothing robust.I think the best thing on the buffet line was probably the pizza Giuseppe's put out.  These suckers were huge sheets!  And New York Style.  You know I loves me some NY style pizza!  I had slices (actually squares) of their cheese and pepperoni.  Pretty good!  Crust was thin but crispy, sauce was tangy and sweet, cheese was gooey, and the pepperoni was salty and oily.  I've had better pizza but this was a bit of a Godsend because the rest of the food was not so inviting.Giuseppe's is open 24 hours a day so going in for a meal anytime isn't a problem.  I think their problem might be getting repeat customers if their food isn't on par.  They offer a lot of Italian specialties on their menu, but I don't think I will be going out of my way in the near future to get a meal here.  Most I would do is probably order a pizza for takeout!
4	Giuseppe's is a little far from mi casa so I've only been once when a friend said she was there for a birthday party. I'm glad I went. The pizza and other food at this bar is really good! The graveyard bartender that was on, Matty, is as good as they come. And really, that's all the separates local gaming bars is the service they provide and the difference in the food they offer. If you don't like one local gaming bar you can drive a couple of blocks and find a different one. That said, I would definitely recommend Giuseppe's!
4	I grew up going to Chicago to spend summers with my grandparents...my grandfather introduced me to my love for Italian beef sandwiches...So now I'm a grown up (at least I think I am) and I live so far away that I can't get my favorite sandwich from Portillo's, which by the way, has the best I've ever tasted, but anyway...I get my fix when I go to Temecula to drink wine because lucky for me, they opened a franchise out that way...yet I digress...Last week I stopped in Giuseppe's for dinner and noticed that they had Italian Beef sandwiches on the menu...so I asked the bartender, hey is this any good? I mean like really any good? He proceeds to tell me that they slow cook their beef all day - 1 point, make their own pepper relish - 2 points, and he felt it was pretty decent...so I decided I'd give it a shot...let me tell you...the beef was tender, the relish was just hot enough, and the au jus was perfect...I've gone to all the spots in Vegas that people tell me have good beefs, and have always left disappointed...I'm so happy to have taken the risk once again because I've finally found something close to the taste of home...trust me when I say, get the beef...
2	I used to love eating at Giuseppe's, a good basic Italian-American spaghetti joint with fair prices, what the heck happened to this place?  We've watched the quality change over the last couple years and not for the better.  We ordered take-out this week and the once famous Pasta Fagoli soup was inedible.  Traditionally, a pasta fagoli is made from a stock of cannellini beans, onion, celery, and a small amount of pancetta for a smokey bacon flavor.  This soup was loaded with ham, bacon and every other leftover cut of pork in the kitchen.  A forkful of fatty meat in every bite, and so salty we threw it away; to top it off the beans were undercooked.  Dear Giuseppe's go back to your old recipes and hire a decent cook.
1	Ordered pasta with clam sauce,one of my favorite foods. Was served pasta with yucky cream sauce that had already coagulated in the bowl, 2 bites,and pushed it away. Hubby had beef on weck, it was a wreck. Service very slow, and it was not busy. Will not return.
4	Used a groupon to test this lovely establishment and so glad we did. The inside on the place is a lovely setting and the food portions huge. The wings take about 20-30 min because they are made fresh...yummy! We had the chicken parm, amazing, and gnocci. Gnocci was ok, not the best or worst ive had. Service was excellent and we look forward to eating there again!!!
1	This place is the king of lies! How can such a descriptive menu, that baits youinto ordering a bunch of food, yield results that make everything taste like semi-warm, grey matter? I ordered the "Big Al's Stuffed Sandwich" and it might as well have been a cotton ball soaked in grease. My buddy got the "Prosciutto Panini" and it tasted exactly the same, this also applies to the wife's "Cajun Chicken Sandwich" and "Stuffed Hot Peppers". It made me hate the fact that I have a mouth and no one in my party ate more than 2 bites before deciding to toss it out. The food is bad and you should feel bad!
5	I love Giuseppe's!  The food is consistently wonderful.  I don't think there is a bad item on the menu!  The steak and lobster special on weekends rivals Morton's or Ruth Chris at a fraction of the price.  Where else can you get a good steak and 2 lobster tails for $23?  The pizza is great and the pastas are even better.  I recommend "the brick".  Im not sure if its on the menu, but they will know what it is.  Family owned and operated, they are actually there and care about your experience.  Great food, great restaurant, great bar.  I go here at least weekly!
1	I hate places that grab your half finished drink at top it off. I get charged for another drink but get a partial drink because the bartender doesnt want to wash glasses. She wants to sit down or do inventory but not wash glasses. She stuck her hand out when I asked for another but I was not finished. So I have to suck down what I have very quickly or hand her my glass. It is so stupid. I can not stand lazy bartenders. I decided not to even order food. I am not ever going to give this place a shot again.
1	We went here for dinner on a Friday night. It was fairly busy. I ordered Chicken Marsala. I'm not sure what I got. The pasta and sauce were cold and the mushrooms were completely uncooked. The chicken was hot but stringy. I also ordered a glass of wine and when check came she charged for a higher priced glass. That irks me to no end.  Husband got Chicken Parm. He liked the chicken. His pasta and sauce were also cold, the sauce bitter. The bread and wine were really good. Usually wine by the glass is not so great. Waitress was nice. We used to eat here all the time and it was really good. About a year ago we got a terrible meal and this was our first and last time back.
5	Been 6 months, food is still stellar, service is still excellent.  Quality takes time, so don't expect food service speeds comparable to Taco Bell here.  All staff is very friendly, I would recommend to anyone.
1	I just tried to order pizza and salad for delivery.  The woman who answered the phone put me on hold more that once and then when I gave her the address she told me I had to have the building number.  I told her that I have had pizza delivered here many times and never needed the building number.  I was trying to explain to her where the building was located and she interuppted me with a "well, gps doesn't give the building location".  I was trying to tell her.... but I will take my business and money somewhere else.
4	I went tonite for dinner. First time at this restaurant. I was immediately greeted with a nice smile from the hostess and also a fantastic smile from my waitress Yessi. The food was good. Yessi's service and attitude was superb. I will be back.
4	Located way off the Las Vegas Strip, this locals hangout is a lot of fun. The food is great the staff very nice. Not to mention the drinks were very good as well. The place is clean ( I cannot say the same for every locals bar/grill) and there is plenty of room to move around. I should also mention that the bar area (where smoking is allowed is closed off so the smoke doesn't permeate the rest of the joint, trust me this is a big deal.) Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Delicious homemade Italian recipes! Nice lunch and dinner specials :D
3	I came here for lunch on Wednesday and it wasn't busy.  The decor was nicer than your usual sports bar and had an Italian feel to it.  There were probably 2-4 other tables being served.  The service was great-- our waitress was helpful and friendly.  We were offered a sample of the pork and cabbage soup; the soup was flavorful and the pork was really tender.The menu was pretty extensive-- salads, soups, pastas, pizza, fish, sandwiches, burgers. They had lunch specials ($7-9) along with a page of $10 specials.  I really didn't know what to order because there were so many choices!  It also made me a little nervous of which items are actually good.  I ordered the pan seared tilapia off of the $10 specials.  It came with pasta and sauteed baby spinach. I was hoping the sauce would be more clear rather than creamy, but I loved that they were generous with the capers.  The tilapia had a nice crust on it but had sort of a muddy/earthy taste to it.  I wasn't too concerned because tilapia sometimes tends to have this tastehttp://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/CrVSGXEBTklHdTOoEt1vuQ/l.jpgThe salads my co workers ordered looked pretty tasty.  The antipasta salad came with cured meats and the caesar salad came with a whole grilled chicken breast.  Another co worker ordered the wrap, but the wrap looked small with the huge pile of potato chips that came with her order.Overall, the service was great , the restaurant is clean and the food wasn't too bad.
4	I have been coming here for lunch on weekdays for years now and the service is always what keeps me coming back, not to mention the Italian dishes are all very good.  On a side not, I also love that they separate the smoking section off so you are not dining in a restaurant full of smoke (like in most other sports bar/grills).  The salads are all very good choices especially the antipasto salad.  And did I mention portion sizes... they are huge so I almost always end up taking some home for a quick dinner later on.  Enjoy!
2	Not a huge fan. Food isn't bad but service isn't great. They posted a Sunday special and when I called to order it, it was a big long process that it shouldn't have been. Didn't appreciate the lack of customer service and the pizza was only mediocre. I ate in the restaurant once and also had bad service so I'm not impressed.
3	Inexpensive. Some good deals. Lots of regulars. Friendly family owned.
1	The staff here politely ignores you. I went in for lunch one day with my father and we hadnt received our meal in over an hour. We had to get the waitress or hostess attention for everything, drinks, apps we had ordered (seems that they forgot), bread........it took an hour. You figured theyd bring this stuff out as a courtesy. The manager was the worst. She trolled the restaurant the whole time and when she saw that we were looking to her to come ask how we were doing, she would make eye contact and keep walking. I saw her escape into the bar several times. Maybe it was to avoid having to look the patrons in the face. Either way, the food was average, the wait was terrible and they werent that busy.
1	The food was mediocre, the service was extremely slow and the whole place smelled of smoke.  Will not go again.
2	The pasta is just okay but really nothing to write home about. The cheesecake was good and as "Forest Gump" would say "that's all I have to say about that".
2	Before I get into the meat and potatoes of this establishment, I want to be completely fair and state that the food is decent, which is why this is a two star review.  Unfortunately, their customer service SERIOUSLY leaves something to be desired.Last night I called in to this location to order a pizza to be delivered.  I couldn't remember which phone number I had originally used that had all of our information and the woman on the phone was audibly irritated by that fact.  Actually, she informed me, "it would be much easier to figure out which number you have on record so I don't have to re-take all your information."  Are you kidding me?When the phone numbers I gave her didn't show up, she finally relented and asked for my last name, which is a fairly simple last name.  She couldn't get it and treated me like I was speaking a foreign language.  After she snapped at me, I feigned a lost connection and just hung up, intent on ordering a pizza elsewhere.  Just to reiterate, during that entire conversation, she had only received phone numbers and a last name...no order was placed.  That, however, didn't stop her from calling three of the numbers that had been given to her several times.  That aggravated me.  You'd think that since it was so inconvenient to have to deal with me over the phone that my hanging up would have been a blessing to her.  Is it because she didn't get the last word?I won't be back.  I don't have the time or patience for an establishment that acts annoyed by my patronage.
4	Went for dinner with husband. There were plenty of Italian variety choices on the menu, as well specials. The pasta sauce was authentic, the food was good, the waitress was attentive, and the place was clean. It's worth checking out.
1	Bartender sees me walk in but no greeting. Waited about 10 min but no service so I left.
3	I worked in an italian restaurant for 6 years in HS and College... a mom and pop shop.  Private family recipes from the homeland, the whole thing.  The food here... as far as authentic italian goes... doesn't work for me.  The sauce is too watered down... reminds me of Chef Boyardee.  But then again, i believe italian is a personal thing and some might like it that way.  As far as bar food... they are one of the best.  Their meatball sliders are to die for!!!  So... it's all about expectations!  The gambling is ok... i had the longest losing streak here but broke it this time with 4 queens so I feel better about that.  Give it at try... see if it's your style or not.  The portions are good and the bartenders and servers are nice...
5	My husband took me here on one of our many dates....I was very pleasantly surprised by the staff how nice, kind, and attentive they were. Service was fast and the food....oh my God needless to say one of the best and my favorite. To the point that when we got married, we had our reception there. Staff was outstanding and the food for our wedding, well people till this day talk about. I can't mention just one thing, try their dessert, the tiramisu is just amazing. We come here all the time, especially on our anniversary.
4	An updated review is long overdue.  Since my last review in 2009 I've been to GBG at least five times. tend to stick to the basics - spaghetti and meatballs, lasagna, chicken parmesan, etc. Service is always prompt and friendly.  They have decent happy hour specials and daily food specials.  If i'm in the mood for working class italian, this is my go to spot. pic included
5	I have been going to Giuseppe's since they have opened. This is a great family run restaurant that provides great service and great food. We feel like family every time we walk in the door. My wife and I even had our wedding reception there. They were very fare on the price and provided great food and great service. They made a very special night that much more special.
5	We have always enjoyed dining in--now they have a Sunday Pizza special $3 delivery -- OMG. We are sold.  Our 5 year old said it is the best pizza ever.  Try the Itialian sausage.  Great service and fast and Hot at the door.
5	Hands down the best pizza I've ever had. I'm Italian and from back east, and the pizza back home is just better than what Vegas has to offer. This place has made me eat my words. You CAN get great pizza in Vegas!  And you get it here!  It makes me sad I'm out of their delivery range, but they are well worth the drive, and I make that drive often!
4	Awesome food. We had the NY style pizza and mozzarella crusted chicken delivered. A little expensive, though.
1	I keep trying this place once a year and I never learn my lesson. Not good Italian food. Just go for a sandwich or burger. Tonight on 10/7/13 our server was poor. Prices have gone up too. Why???  Again just go for a sandwich.
3	I never expect to get great food from a gaming tavern and Giuseppe's met my expectations. My first time here was back in 2007 when my real estate agent brought me here for lunch. It wasn't until recently that I returned for a second visit. The place is spacious with a dining area full of comfy booths and a bar area that's enclosed to limit smokiness throughout the place.The menu is large and offers just about everything for lunch and dinner, plus there's a kids menu too. The chicken noodle soup was decent. The wedding soup was similar to the chicken noodle soup with the addition of meatballs. The garlic bread, on Italian bread topped with cheese and sauce, was pretty tasty and a good sized portion. The gnocchi was way too dense and thick. The kid's order of chicken fingers was of the typical frozen variety.
3	This place is alright.  The food is okay, and the drinks are fine.  The bartenders are generally very good, however.  The price is also about on par for a local bar in Vegas.
5	I had the best lunch ever! Their salads are amazing! We sat at the bar, so the service was extremely fast! Good prices too!
3	Food is okay here.   Ate here for dinner with a friend once, and then a business luncheon.   It's not the greatest place, but it's rather reasonably priced.Part of their lot is gravel so you'll have to be careful if you're coming in off the side street.
5	I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher rating, I eat here a couple times a month. It's hard finding a good plate of gnocchi in this town but they got it down to where it reminds me of my grandmother's homemade dish. The portion is huge in my opinion and i am always bring home left overs.The only dish I am not particularly fond of is the pizza, but I am picky when it comes to pizzas. The house white vinaigrette is amazing and they sell it if you ask them. Overall, I really enjoy this place and you can't go wrong with their Tuesday appetizer special.
2	This place has certainly gone down hill!We were rushed through our meal....the waitress asked us if we wanted dessert while I was eating my meal...literally had just gotten it.Bread isn't fresh and hot like it used to be....sauce for pastas were bland.
5	We were a party of six coming in 8 PM with no reservation. My wife and I shared the stuffed talapia and the chicken cacciatore. The talapia was the better of the two dishes. The fish was tasty and the stuffing was great. The chicken cacciatore was a nice sized portion with chicken and pasta with vegatables. Very tasty! The other four in our group had a similar experience with their dishes.We will be back.
5	Love g's!!!! Actually doing a live yelp now ( on a roll!!!) been here once before but don't yelp until at least second visit.... Amateurs yelping out there gotta give a place a chance only being somewhere once.... Duh!  Anyway last time dined in and server Ryan was a sweetheart and steered us in the right direction (huge menu!) lotta cute guys workin on the west side!!!! Jordan also helped us and was like the cutest little button you have ever seen! Sooo sweet!!!! Even the chef Rodrigo came out to make sure me and my bf liked our meal.... Rustic pizza was da' bomb and the antipasto salad was as big as beyonce's booty but tasted waaaayyyyy better! Came here again tonight and tested the bar staff.... Wow! Wow! Wow! The 2 bartenders Deanna and Liz are smoking hot but are so kind, genuine and knowledgeable about the food and bar I don't think they know how pretty they are when they look in the mirror! Jeez wish I had the looks and the works like these two have together!  Had delish house sliders, calamari, and drinky poo's to die for!  Even hit me a little 5 spot to pay for the night with a phat tip for my girlies takin care of me and my man! Stayed for a night cap with Mike grave bartender who made us laugh and was a genuine ole' school tender' who is on his game for working those tough hours :( All done and said u have to come here and revel in the beautiful decor (and staff) enjoy a game on the numerous tv's and just kick back.... Relax .... And eat hometown Cleveland little Italy eats!!!! Love u guys a++++! Ohhh and happy hour 4-7 pm everyday...drinky poo's and yummy apps!
5	Always have a lot to say.  Starting off with the food as always and especially the service.  From the bartenders to the servers.  We always request for Ryan.  He's awesome and very sociable with you   so come down and see him if you sit in the bar or the restaurant it self
5	Holy crap! Great specials on food and drinks, casino gambling, and amazingly friendly and comfortable bartenders pretty much sums up my visit here last night. I've got to say they have a great price points and I was very happy to know that they were open 24 hours. Diana was a great bartender and not too bad on the eyes either. If you crave anything from pizza and pasta to burgers and chicken parmigiana, you need to come here! Come here people!
2	It was thick with cigarette smoke, my order showed up late from the rest of my party, and the eggplant lasagna I ordered was seriously cold in the middle. :/
4	For a local lunch spot, this place is great. The food is always excellent, and the servers are very friendly. The prices are incredibly low, making it one of the best deals in town.Service is sometimes a little slow, but that's a small price to pay. The place could use a little "sprucing up"... it's a little dated and run down.
2	We have been regulars here since we moved to Las Vegas six years ago, but tonight we hit a new low.  Our server was obviously struggling to handle her tables.  We had bread but no beverages for at least fifteen minutes.  We had to ask two different people for our drink order and then it was brought in stages.  We got our salads shortly after, but then waited over twenty minutes after we were finished with them to receive our dinner orders.  My steak was over salted, and the shrimp scampi was definitely not scampi - it was grilled shrimp coated in season salt.  The mushroom risotto side was the saltiest thing on my plate.  My hubby got lasagna, which he usually loves, but only finished half.  My mother in law got cold chicken parmigiana.  Then we sat and waited - and waited - and finally our server came over to see if we wanted the check.  The leftovers were taken to the back to be boxed up and brought out ten minutes later.  It was a very disappointing dinner from a place that used to be one of our favorite go-to's for dinner.  Sorry Giuseppe's - I think this is our last meal here.
5	This family-owned Italian restaurant & bar/grille is just down the street from my work! It's perfect! Great food, great prices and great service. Lunches don't get much better than that! Yes, of course I'd come here for dinner too! ^_^
1	Absolute worst customer service I have ever had in Las Vegas Nevada. If you're in the industry business you know you EARN your tips by actually paying attention to your  customers, sat for over 30 Minutes minutes waiting for the bartender to come and service us and then he charged us overpriced drinks even after gambling $$$. Do not recommend this bar for any industry employees!!
4	A great lunch spot! A couple coworkers and I frequent this establishment often. Maybe because it's so darn close to the office, but mostly because its pretty reasonable and pretty darn good.They have great food and for the most part great service. Only a couple of times have we run into some extremely slow service while eating in the bar area. Haven't run into bad food yet (knock on wood!). Normally we try to catch the two for one appetizers on Tuesdays, but they have such a big selection we can't resist on other days. My most recent selection was the cran/feta chicken salad and I added my own touch to it with blue cheese. The marriage of the sweet vinaigrette and the tangy blue cheese is just outstanding to me. I have serious cravings of those two flavors combined. The salad also contained dried cranberries, walnuts and chicken. The presentation was nice and the chicken perfectly chopped. Not gigantic oversized slices like I tend to find. The portion was a little over the top. Maybe if my bf was there he would have been able to finish a salad that size, but I literally forced myself to eat as much as I could and I left miserably full. That is probably my favorite salad at the moment. Other items I've had the pleasure include the buffalo sliders, Joey d sliders, open face sandwich, cheese ravioli with Alfredo (which btw tasted as if they do the ravioli by hand and not frozen). The best cheese ravioli I have had, but again I ran into the portion size being too large for me. It's not like I eat like a bird, I am a pretty well built girl and I normally feel like I oink out. I just can't seem to finish my plate I guess. Maybe it's because I don't have my Deegan to share with me. Whatever it is, I end up wasting a bit of food. One thing I forgot to mention were the house made potato chips. We are all literally obsessed and not a single one of those will go to waste at our table. Sometimes the ladies get an order to go. If you're not a smoker, I would suggest NOT eating in the bar area unless you don't mind the smoke. Both ladies I eat with smoke, so normally I get ruled out on eating in the dining area. And being an ex-smoker I get it, but I have never enjoyed smoking and eating at the same time. Disgusting!
3	Great food! Don't let my 3 star review scare you. Only problem is horrible service! Waited for 20 mins between rounds of drinks. Understaffed and just plain un-attentive weekend overnight bartender. The guy seemed more interested in getting a massage from a customer! The pizza and beer were awesome. Ice cold beer and authentic NY Style pizza. Huge 24 hour menu too. Great place, needs better management.
2	Restaurant is alright. Good steak, ok pasta and nice warm bread with butter to greet you.Waitress in flip flops. HOW? Really?
1	Tried a couple years and & thought we would give it another try. The service & Service was incredibly slow!  Food was below average.  Won't be returning again.
2	I gave this place 2 stars because I liked the antipasto salad.  The rest was the worst Italian food I've ever eaten. Chicken marsala was chicken with beef gravy,  or at least that's what it tasted like. Crab stuffed mushrooms were awful, greasy,  and no crab taste whatsoever.  Marinara on the chicken parm tasted like it came out of a jar. Anyone giving this place a good rating either doesn't know what good food is our they havea vested interest in the business
5	I had salad once again.  The homemade dressings and fresh ingredients make the salads great! But I've never had any food here that isn't good!  Nice place to bring the family or groups for the generous portions and good prices!
3	I was craving Italian food and this gem is on my way home so I decided to stop in. I was alone so I sat at the bar. The staff was attentive and friendly. I had a side salad, which was your typical side salad. Nothing extraordinary, but the lettuce was crisp and they didn't skimp on the cheese. I also had the lasagna which was great. A very generous portion with great flavor. Lots of sauce and cheese. I'd definitely try this place again.
4	Had another great meal...we sat at the bar. The ambiance is cozy and dim. Nice televisions playing sports. I always build my own pasta: half marinara/ half Alfredo, chicken,  mushrooms, tossed in angel hair. Yum! Their bread is so soft- must dip in balsamic vinegar & olive oil. My husband had a wrap with fries which he said was very good. This is a great place to eat at bar or in dining room. Staff always helpful and good rewards program for gaming.
5	Had an amazing dinner tonight.  The service here tonight was outstanding.  We had roxy for the first time which Ryan is our normal server but is gone for school and she I can say did an over the top job tonight.  From start to finish we enjoyed everything.  Even got us signed up for a rewards card for every time we dine here.  great personality and very outgoing.  Definitely will be coming back to see her. THANK YOU ROXY!  JOB WELL DONE!!!!!!!!
5	Cleveland Browns bar!  Very impressive menu and on Sundays they bbq ribs and chicken outside.    For Cleveland stadium aficionados they have the world famous stadium mustard!   Super friendly staff and tons of seating.
3	Would have given more stars. Service was a little slow. The server was sweet but forgetful. I didn't get a refill on my water. We had to ask for things a few times before it was given to us. The food was pretty good. Didn't have much flavor. But the mozzerrla sticks were the best. Freshly made you could tell. Would I come back? Maybe. There are other Italian restaurants nearby I would probably choose over it.
2	Really wanted to like this place more.  Nice booths, pleasant server, great salad (two bucks extra but very good) - wonderful bread... But entrees were so-so.  Tasted like reheats covered in sauce. Temp of food should have been hotter... the eggplant did not taste as fresh as it should have.  The sauce was just OK.  Italian is all about the sauce and it was just very average.  Really expected better.  Eggplant/chicken parm were just OK.   Also, never got refills on water.  Wish the entrees were as good and their salad.
5	I like this restaurant. Everything tastes good and authentic. They can cater to big parties as well so bring the whole family! :)
3	Sometimes the services is slow with seating and serving. The food is really good. I always recommend the chicken chopped salad. My wife loves the Italian Wedding soup. My suggestion is order for pickup or delivery.
1	I had high hopes for this place but overall it was a wild disappointment. I've been searching for good pizza in this city and have been disappointed by every place besides Grimaldi's and Settebello. I came her a few weeks ago after I had been told that they were known as being great pizza. Food - I have to say the food was wildly boring. The server also didn't point out that I was ordering a HUGE salad when I ordered the ceasar before my pizza. I also had asked if it was served chilled, which she said yes. That wasn't my idea of chilled but I guess we all have different definitions. I ordered their appetizer pizza/flatbread. I'd go into detail about it but it was so boring I only remember thinking that the only reason I was eating it was because I was really hunger. There was nothing memorable about it and definitely not worth coming back for any time soon.Service - This had to be the worst service I've had in Las Vegas. It seemed to take forever with little communication. Maybe she was looking for menus for a bit but you could tell me that instead of having me wonder what is going on. She also had little personality. I sat there for quite a LONG time waiting to flag her down and get my check, while I watched her bitch and gossip with the other bartender forever. She didn't even seem to pretend to look around and see if anyone needed anything. I tipped 15% which is LOW for me. All in all I see no reason to go back . The food and service both left something to be desired. I suggest driving down to Grimaldi's or going to The District and have Settebello
3	We definitely should have tried this place sooner!  Very nice ambience in the dining room...cozy and comfortable. The food on the $10 special menu was great (overall). The bread that came out was warm and tasty. The add on salads were pretty big and totally worth the $2. The balsamic pork chop was awesome (the house potatoes weren't the best though). The chicken parm was delicious and cooked really well. The chicken marsala was wonderful, although the portion of chicken was a little small. The only thing lacking was service...the drinks took a long time to come out and the servers weren't very attentive, which was shame. (When it's not busy customers shouldn't have to ask for refills on water.) We'll be back though! Can't wait to try some more specials!
