5	Love it great service awesome food and a very nice atmosphere I love it!https://www.facebook.com/LosArmandosBarraYAsadero
5	I had some amazing Menudo!!! I would recommend to the proprietor to consider making a smaller size though. I couldn't even eat half of it.
5	O.M.G. This place is sooooo good. And I should know cause I'm a half-bred Mexican! okay, so I only know the dirty words in espanol, but I do know great Mexican food and this place has it. The chips were blazin hot and light and crisp. The taco shells the same way. The beef was tender and salty and the refried beans were perfectly delicious. I would weigh 800 pounds if I lived close to this place. Oh! That reminds me, they don't use lard. Only vegetable oil. Mexican food heaven.
5	Great food!!! Burritos are amazing
5	I just started coming here recently. I figured this was like filibertos and didn't really care for it. I decided to come one night and received great customer service and the food has been great every time.
5	Always get the beef tacos for my wife. She loves em. The staff is friendly to a gringo and don't hate on me even though they great in Spanish and I can't really give my whole order en espanol. But anyway great food and this is a place we often go to.
5	Wow, the reviews are spot on, delicious carne asada, beef taco was the bomb! I will be back and highly recommend this place!
3	Food is good, the drive thru needs much improvement.  I have been here several times and on more occasions no one ever answers. I have had to drive to the window and wait for someone to see me.  On a few, after waiting many minutes at the drive thru and then at the window with no help, I had to park and get down to place the order.  Not very convinient.  Starting torethink coming here for a quick pick up.
1	I had the California burrito yesterday. And the potato's tasted raw and the meat tasted old and it was black. The only edible part of the burrito was the tortilla. I had a friend taste the burrito and he threw up from it. I was not happy. Not going back.
5	Went there today based on the reviews, we weren't disappointed. We had the carne asada tacos and a breakfast burrito. Both were delicious and reasonably priced.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant, specifically for their breakfast burritos. Great price for Huge Burritos. It is consistent, fast and friendly. Much better then Filibertos. Rolled tacos are great as well. I have never been inside but the drive thru is a good experience.
1	Terrible hygiene . We saw the high reviews and came. We kept getting flies . The restaurant was smelling.
4	The atmosphere here is relaxing and casual with a touch of nice decor invites you in and makes you feel welcome. The food was very delicious!  I tried the Taco Enselada con camaron and quesadilla con camaron! Delicious and generously sized portions!
4	The reviews for this restaurant are correct, the food is excellent, portions are generous. No table service order from pictures and descriptions.  The table's were clean truly operated by people who are proud of what they produce.
