4	Union is a nice cozy place set on the fringe of Old Town Scottsdale.  The inside has a nice homey feel with booths that have extra throw pillows (love that) and soft lighting and desert scape paintings.  A big drawback is that while half of the seats face the lovely paintings the other half face the kitchen.  The wine flights are good but the pours are inconsistent and not as hearty as in some places.  The bulk of their wine menu comes in bottle form.  They do offer 8 oz pours of wine for about $15 a glass.  Be careful when you order, as we were given 8oz pours and had no idea we were getting them.  The food was quite good, they actually had real grilled focaccia and this garlic cream butter that was delicious.  Its tapas style and we ordered three and it was more than enough for the two of us. All of the tapas we ordered were well prepared. We also ordered dessert which was very mediocre.  I would come back again but probably for a happy hour.  As far as food goes it wasn't my favorite at a wine bar.  They do have a patio out front that looks like it would be very cozy on a cool evening.
3	This place is really a breath of fresh air in Old Town Scottsdale. Quick observations:* Side street location keeps it from the Old Town riff raff.* I really like their presentation of the wine flights in the little mobile wire contraption.* I didn't order any food here, so I can speak to that.* Attentive service.* I felt the atmosphere was a little blah. It's a rather large dining room with an open kitchen to one side (love open kitchens). When Bonnie and I were debating the look and decor of the place we decided on Levitz or Mor Furniture for Less.  Think boring Southwestern chaise test patterns for seating and stylized Sedona landscape paintings for art. Ick!  An article in the Arizona Republic even said the owners were puzzled as to why they kept getting the Wisconsin 40-something crowd - and well they should wonder no further. Other than that I really enjoyed my wine - rieslings and a sauvignon blanc, noshed on marinated olives and mixed nuts and enjoyed the company of random Yelpers. Our server was pretty attentive and checked up on us often and with each new person who arrived. If you're not too concerned with the generic suburban atmosphere you might like this wine bar.  But if you want a sophisticated sexy wine bar feel, you're better off at Tapino, Postino or Kazimierz.   I liked it, but I'm not in a huge rush to go back, and definitely can't sing praises like I could of the aforementioned places.
