4	Fortunately, Mrs. K. has yet to discover that there is a Coach shop in the Southpark Mall. I have, but only because I need to know where it is so that I can subtly distract her when she heads down this particular wing of the mall. Because Coach is the top-of-the-line, numbero-uno brand of handbags and accessories. Therefore, it's expensive. And add to that the "exclusivity" of the Southpark mall and you end up with a very dear piece of arm candy.Tip: There is a Coach outlet at the Gaffney Mall. It is well worth your time and money to head there first for the same great quality if perhaps not the current season's offerings in handbags and purses from Coach.
4	I wanted to get my lady a nice gift to return with from my business trip. Her Coach purse had recently bit the dust so I thought it would be nice to get her a new one.Having bought her an engagement ring the day before (its ok I've already proposed) I had to balance what I thought she would like with what I could afford with the leftover balance I had planned to spend on the ring after getting a smoking deal.The staff were friendly and helpful pointing out a few suggestions and helped me narrow down my choices. When I finally decided on a purse I found out that they didn't take debit, well, the Canadian version that isn't attached to a credit card that is. After a little kerfuffle and running over to a bank machine to get cash I completed the transaction.The staff were very patient through the process and I left with a smile on my face. The only bigger smile was that of my soon to be fiance when I gave the bag to her.
5	Yeah this is by go-to brand.  Period.  Have been a part of the family since 1941 through my grandmother.  She emblazoned this on me because of the quality, not the price.  I have all her purses and only wear them on special occasions.  I am building my own collection to pass along to my children and I am sure they will have the same opinion as I do--quality not price.  I have tried other brands via gifts or my own personal experience and always find myself back at Coach.  I buy shoes, watches, clothes and everything else they make.  You will not go wrong to invest in this brand.
