5	These guys really know what they are doing, I've had bad experiences in the past from the "geek squad" people. The people at Redseven  know what's up. They are very knowledgeable and each time I go in there, they are looking to help me out rather then get me to buy something I don't need.I recommend them to all my friends and family, you should do the same.
5	Great news that RedSeven is coming to Scottsdale. I've been using RedSeven for years, but I was getting so tired of having to reserve a room for an overnight trip to Tempe from Scottsdale. And have you ever tried to book a flight from Scottsdale to Sky Harbor and then hire a driver for the haul into Tempe? It's exhausting! But now, with RedSeven in Scottsdale, suddenly life is so much easier! Opening a new store in Scottsdale is a great move for a great business with great people behind it. The Scottsdale store hasn't even opened yet, but they're still doing a incredible work -- as they always have. I don't know how they do it.Looking forward to the Scottsdale opening! RedSeven rocks!
5	Great news that RedSeven is coming to Scottsdale. I've been using RedSeven for years, but I was getting so tired of having to reserve a room for an overnight trip to Tempe from Scottsdale. And have you ever tried to book a flight from Scottsdale to Sky Harbor and then hire a driver for the haul into Tempe? It's exhausting! But now, with RedSeven in Scottsdale, suddenly life is so much easier!Opening a new store in Scottsdale is a great move for a great business with great people behind it. The Scottsdale store hasn't even opened yet, but they're still doing a incredible work -- as they always have. I don't know how they do it.Looking forward to the Scottsdale opening! RedSeven rocks!
5	Oh, YEAH!!! Coming to Scottsdale. I have used RedSeven in Tempe and Mesa and excited to know that they are coming to Scottsdale. I work on the roads throughout the valley and have a lot of customers in Scottsdale that I continue to brag to them about RedSeven's Super Quick Service. Getting the job done quick and right and guaranteed to be the fastest to get you back to work!!!! Oh, and they talk to you so you can understand, not computer talk. Can't wait for Scottsdale!!!!
5	Its great to see RedSeven expanding, The new store is in a great location, the store looks really cool and very high tech. The grand opening was great, got to commiserate with other FOSS geeks and scored a cool coffee mug that is big enough to hold half a pot of coffee! Why talk the talk when you can be like Mike and walk the walk..;-)
5	Swung by Red Seven's Scottsdale store Grand Opening with some friends on Saturday.  I was impressed, although I shouldn't be.  I'm a repeat customer of Red Seven in Tempe, & Michael & his crew are a class act.  The new store is very well done & it was fun to get the tour of the store, see the work stations & check out how it all works.  My friends were intrigued with the no hassle computer leasing, the perfect solution for a couple of them that are not computer savvy.  If you, yourself, are not computer savvy, it's worth a call to Red Seven to find out about it.It was my lucky day too - I won a nifty prize in their raffle!Great location, easy to get to & a no-brainer when you are in need of computer service.
5	I took my computer to RedSeven recently when my friends were calling and telling me I had a nasty virus that was sending out gobs of email every fifteen mins.  I had no idea my computer was infected.  I was hesitant to do so because I needed my computer to do some work. No worries, the fellas over at RedSeven hooked me up with a loaner.  I was able to get online and get my work done and get my home PC back the next day without missing a beat.  I was going to take my computer to one of those BIG BOX store repair places. I am so glad I didnt.  A friend of mine took their PC there and when it came back all of their family pictures, music and email was gone.  I will only be using RedSeven in the future and I suggest you do the same.
5	I lease computers from RedSeven for business and personal needs.  Excellent equipment, fair prices, and efficient technical support.  Being a RedSeven customer is an easy way to eliminate the stress caused by computer issues.  Now I let them worry about that.
5	I've been using Red 7 since I moved here over 7 years ago and I wouldn't go anywhere else for my computer needs. These guys have the system dialed in! I went to the grand opening of this newest location a couple weeks ago and was even more impressed with the efficient set up that they have come up with. Great job guys!
5	My hard drive took a dump.  I had my entire life on that drive and nothing backed up.  All my photos from my 4 month cross country road trip, all my business information, my website stuff, everything!  Data Doctors quoted me "Between $750 and $1,500 depending on what's wrong with it".  Red Seven saved my life for under $300 dollars!  They were professional and friendly.  I definitely will recommend everyone to them!
5	I was in the market or a new Computer and thought I would give them a try. I went in and talked to Mr. Cady about my options. He showed me some models that where out with Linix on them. I checked them out and was very impressed!!!! I did not know that with Linix you get free  software. So they built me a new computer that I have been using for about a few weeks and I could not be any happier. Thank you Redseven
5	I make my living with my little silicon buddies...but I'm not a hardware guy...and I focus on certain kinds of software (hey...it's an age of specialization...waddaya gonna do?)I got a couple of new notebooks and I needed one of my older ones (still sporty and plenty of horsepower for most things) reconfigured for darling daughter, Whitney...where to go?I'll tell you where...Red Seven!I got to know our Yelp Buddy Michael C., last year when we got acquainted at Old Town Tavern and he told me about his business, Red Seven...in that time I have sent him a half dozen of my buddies when they needed some computer work...and each and every one of those people have called me and thanked me profusely for the recommendation...that says something to me!It says I'm smart enough to send in recon before I commit myself...but that's another set of stories.In an interesting (although not ironic) twist, I had not had an opportunity to actually use Red Seven myself...until now.They cleaned up the HDD, loaded Ubuntu and a rack of programs on this little laptop, got me a spiffy little Iomega portable drive with all the old data from the laptop (I needed to save some  things for the Beautiful Carin's new MacBook Air...I know, I know...Mac...the good part about finally having a Mac in the house is that I can legally drop by the Apple store and see if I can make the Apple "Geniuses" look like comp-u-tards...hey, I take my fun where I find it...and they are leading with their chin when they call themselves "Geniuses").But back to Red Seven...As a non-hardware guy, I generally do what I can and when I run up against something I can't handle, I've occasionally used Data Doctors, Geek Squad, independent consultants, friends, what have you...you know, the same as you have...But I have never found another shop that performs as well as Red Seven...and provides the level of customer service and customer satisfaction that are, in my opinion, the biggest factors in Red Seven's growth!I won't be using anyone else for computer service...period.So, whether your old Dell just coughed its HDD through the side of the box...or you've discovered that 20 gig's isn't as "roomy" as you once thought it would be (when I started doing this, 5 mb of overhead was considered "an obscene waste of space")...or you need a new laptop, desktop, custom gaming box, drop by and talk with Michael...they'll figure it out and get you going!Tell him his Old Town Tavern buddy sent you.
5	These guys know their stuff.  Professional staff and great location.
5	Honest, fast, and reliable.  Great guys and great machines.  Bought my first from them over two years ago- got a great deal.  It has been turned on and used every day since and has never so much as hiccupped once.  Thank you!!
5	Excellent service. I love the quickness and efficiency and the price was the lowest in town to repair both my computers. Next day service!!!
5	Well, Michael may not exactly want me to write that he has given away his knowledge and services for free but...I feel compelled to write about it because it gives you insight to his belief and value system as a business owner.I have not bought a computer from Michael (though I think the service package that he offers with each new computer is OUTSTANDING).  But he has given me so much advice as a new business owner/entrepreneur: from advertising, to computers, Facebook and social media, from bartering and funding sources, to organizations and people to know.He is a wealth of knowledge, and he is so happy to share it all because he believes in the local business owner.THAT is why I love RedSeven!
5	I had a new operating system installed on a old laptop that was destined for the trash. Mike (manager and co-founder) suggested an older version of Ubuntu be installed.  I picked the computer up the next day and he took the time to go over the basics and show me that it was working properly. Mike even gave me $50.00 off coupon that he applied to my bill.These guys are fantastic and a locally owned and operated company. The sell computers and service them. Don't waste your time, money and energy bringing your computers for repairs to Best Buy, Geek Squad etc when you can get it done right at a reasonable price and keep the tax dollars right here in your own neighborhood.
5	I have now used Red Seven services on 2 occasions. The first time I spilled soup all over my laptop keyboard and it went a little crazy.  Red Seven replaced the keyboard and got the thing fully operational for me again. I also had Red Seven fix my laptop at that time which was running a bit slow and it has worked splendidly since. Last week my grandfather's laptop wouldn't sign on to the internet and I couldn't fix it.  I took it to RedSeven and they said it was badly infected but they had me up and running in a day. Thanks RedSeven.
5	Wonderful place!  Professional, good communication, fixed the problem right away and didn't charge me when I returned back months later for additional help.  I would not have known what this place was, as the sign isn't clear from the street.  I just walked in out one day and asked, "hey what do you guys do?" Days later, I took my laptop in for some simple uploads etc.  They were the first people who were able to do what needed to be done quickly and didn't charge me a lot of money. The location can't be beat!  I can get my laundry, tan and groceries all in the same place! It was also drama free unlike going to the dreaded Geek Squad!  Hope they stick around for a long, long time!  I would also sugest they branch out Los Angeles, CA would be a GREAT place for them!
5	My computer became very ill last weekend. I know NOTHING about computers. I asked people. I tried a zillion free scans to clean it up. I was confused, distraught, scared about what I'd have to pay to get it fixed! The only computer guys I know about are geek squad at best buy, but I know that they are expensive and charge you for diagnostic work. The thought was making me ill as well......So be it the glorious thing that it is I Yelped computer support and saw these guys with such great reviews! They also do free estimates! How awesome! They were totally wonderful. I dropped it off on Thurs after work and they called that evening with the diagnosis and repair cost. $150 to restore it back to healthy and $50 to back up my stuff. It's still cheaper than a new laptop so I said go for it. I picked it up today and they were friendly and helpful. Made it super fast and got rid of not only the virus but also the other junk that came with the computer that you never use. They also installed an antivirus program from microsoft and said it would work forever, I'd never have to re-install anything or pay for anymore spyware/antivirus stuff. I almost hugged him. Thank you!!!
5	I am a non-geek who has owned and used many computers over the years, but I am really pleased with the peace-of-mind that comes with leasing a laptop from RedSeven. I had previously used their in-home repair service before I signed the lease and so I was already very pleased with their work. It's well worth the nominal cost to know that RedSeven will fix any problem generated by their hardware or software. Additionally, I have taken advantage of their free one-on-one help on Saturdays. They have answered many questions I had since I now am using a new operating system, a new email system, and a new "Office" system. By the way, RedSeven came highly recommended to me by a nationally-known computer expert who has an email newsletter that is read all over the country.
5	These guys did an amazing job on my laptop! Great price, too. I'd completely fried the hard drive, and while they were not able to recover the data (I was not surprised by this ... I had done a doozy on it.), these guys gave me complete instructions on sending it to a trusted third party company who might be able to. More importantly, the redseven folks fixed the laptop's screen (which the folks at Dell themselves had previously completely messed up) replaced my hard drive and upgraded  my OS. They were fast, thorough and trustworthy and did a better job than I'd expected. FAR better than sending the unit back to the manufacturer. I had wondered if it would have been better just to buy a new laptop or have this one fixed... these guys basically created a new laptop for me at a fraction of the price of new. Highly recommended.
5	I needed a new home computer & decided to call RedSeven to see if they could get me what I needed at an affordable price... and boy did they deliver!  A PC at the price I wanted to spend...and even better specs than I asked for!!  The transaction was seemless.  They walked me through a demo of my new machine and offered to set it up at home for me.  I declined because I was off to work- but when I went to set it up and I couldn't figure everything out, RedSeven came to the rescue and responded immediately.  Great product & incredible customer service- Thanks!!
5	WOW. I am very hard to please. I have high expectations and I'm a bit stingy. That ends with a lot of disappointment for me usually. Not the case here! Honesty, integrity, reliability, speed, job done right, no surprises, always within the quote, and they go out of their way to explain things in normal-person-speak, and keep you informed every step of the way. Plus, what a cool little layout and theme in the store! And it's next door to a great pizza place. Just WOW!So, I have used them on two occasions now... kind of.First, my roommate's computer died. I took him to RedSeven because I hear good things about them everywhere! As I had suspected, it was a motherboard. His custom-built gaming machine was 5 or 6 years old, so it had to have certain slots, etc. (I have no idea what I'm talking about here, just parroting... but you get the idea: it's old, technology evolves, this might be difficult.) They had a much nicer one than the fried predecessor in there in a week flat, at a PHENOMENAL AMAZING price. I was running late to pick it up after work, and the guy even offered to stay open a few minutes later for me to drop by and grab it... assuring me it was no problem at all! My roommate was happy, and I was too. I usually estimate low, and I thought it would be nearly $200 more than they charged me! It's been a LONG time since I was shocked in a good way at the cost of something.Then, my boyfriend "loved" the laptop I bought him two Christmases ago a little too much. He completely busted up the hinge on one side. It came apart and the entire hinge was just hanging out in plain view, scratching up the case finish. It took them a while to fix it, but only because they had to order (and wait and wait and wait for) a specific part from HP. They kept us informed at every step of the way. It was slightly more than I thought it would be (but as I said, most things are - I'm stingy)... plus Michael fully explained the cost to me beforehand - apparently you can't replace the single broken hinge but rather have to buy the frame, and something else was messed up (not surprising what with all that "love" it got). Dear boyfriend is picking that up today, and I'm very excited about it.... Why? So he can stop "loving" (or even touching) MY laptop! I'm sure the work they did on his will exceed my expectations.Sadly (maybe this is a good thing), I've never had to use RedSeven for my own personal needs. I don't want to say I'm going to, because I hope I don't have to anytime soon. But it's great to know that, yes, they are as awesome as everyone keeps saying. And they are there if I need them.So, thank you. I'll be back again!Jessica
5	Took in my old laptop that had crashed and they were very honest in telling me it would be better for me just to purchase something new.  Thas is right! They turned down the "repair" job and gave me some great advice!  THANKS!
5	I'm so HAPPY! I now have a brand new laptop computer that I just LEASED from RedSeven. For a small deposit and monthly fee I have a new. speedy computer and RedSeven is basically responsible for any issues. They will help me over the phone, at one of their stores and I even get some house calls.  Ask them about their worry-free leasing program!
5	Honest & reliable.  They will not try to sell you something that you don't need.
5	This place is the real deal for computer repairs. I own a business and not only are the office staff using computers, but all the service technicians are in the field. I have used numerous computer repair businesses over the years. I can't believe the quality service at RedSeven. One, NO diagnostic charge, unheard of today. Their honesty, knowledge and pricing are unsurpassed in my experience. The turn around time is unbelievable. Nolan completed my repair on a laptop in a day. Called me and said the computer was ready at 5:00 p.m. and that they closed at 7:00 p.m. I said I should make it, but it would be cutting it close to the closing time. Nolan offered to stay until 7:30 p.m. to be sure I would be able to pick up the laptop - UNBELIEVABLE!My business strives to do what they are doing everyday. Thank you Red Seven!!!!!
5	I was extremely happy with Red Seven. Their customer service is above average and they fixed my problem at a very reasonable price. Turn around time was quick and exactly as promised. Nolan was extremely knowledgeable and very pleasant to work with. I would highly recommend this company. A big thank you to Yelp because the reviews by others were very helpful.
5	Nolan makes it all happen here.  Knowledgeable, excellent service, great rates.  One of several sites of a small local business.  Two of my business laptops repaired/cleaned of minor internal parasites/demystified.  Home laptop restored,  Nolan recovering 22 Gigs of potentially lost data including photos, music, and documents.  I chose to purchase a hard disk Nolan offered to remove from the bill when he found, after further analysis, the original disk I sent worked as advertised.  Now I've got a mirror disk for backups.
5	Honestly, the best experience I've ever had in a computer store.  My Toshiba laptop screen had stopped working and I wasn't sure if it was an inverter or the screen itself.  They ended up replacing the screen for a very reasonable price after explaining in very specific detail just what my options were and what the costs would be.  As other reviewers have pointed out, there was no diagnostic charge and no minimum. The store itself is beautifully designed.  Nelson, the person who helped me was extremely courteous and thorough and they kept in constant communication with me through each step of the process.  I was very pleased with every aspect of this experience.  Highly recommended.
5	This company rocks (Scottsdale location is the only one I have been to). If you want your computer fixed or diagnosed properly you have to see them. Fast, Fair, Honest and Knowledgeable. I've tried numerous other vendors over the years and I will never go anywhere else but RedSeven...Thanks Nolan!
5	How absurd and ironic that those other computer/data DOCTORS and CLINICS should have the 'bedside manner' and attention to detail of an ARMY FIELD HOSPITAL, circa the CIVIL friggen WAR. Quite the opposite of that, my experience walking into RedSeven was that of walking into the medical unit of the Starship Enterprise and being greeted by a sincere professional who absolutely knows what he's doing, in whose capable hands I could trust my data (I had a bricked external hard drive and was desperate to get the info off of it). NOLAN called me throughout the day to give me updates and to ensure I was OK with the steps they were taking, as he performed his whiz-bang wizardry like a virtuoso violinist. Heavens, how I wish all enterprises were run like this, with this level of customer service and that degree of top-drawer talent. THANK YOU, REDSEVEN (and NOLAN), FOR SAVING MY INFORMATIONAL LIFE AND GIVING ME THE BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK I'VE HAD IN MY ADULT LIFE!!!
5	Now I'm convinced my computer hates me. These guys fixed it about a year ago and for the past few months I've been having a different problem. Great. I dropped it off around 3:30 in the afternoon and they called me 6:30 that night with their diagnosis. They said it wasn't a major problem. They did explain it to me but since I don't speak computer all I heard was "wha wha wha...wha". How much? $25 for this evidently small problem. Ok that's doable. Once again they were timely, professional, good customer service. Thanks!
5	34 (out of 35) five-star reviews??  That's almost too good to be true, and I admit to being a little skeptical.  But here's MY five-star review. My 6-year-old HP laptop died, and as my optimism outweighed my skepticism I wound up taking it in to Red 7 at Scottsdale and Shea.  Nolen patiently answered my questions, called me back with frequent status updates, and did everything (and more) that he promised.  Not only did he diagnose and replace a bad hard drive, but he rebooted with an updated OS for no extra charge.  The price was very reasonable, and my laptop works better than when it was new.  And in addition to all that, I wasn't able to make it to the store by 7pm Friday night to pick it up, but when I called Nolen volunteered to stay late so that I could pick up the laptop and have it for the weekend(!)  Who does that (especially on a Friday night)??Believe the five-star reviews. This place is the real deal.
5	I live inCcalifornia and goggled computer repair places in Scottsdale. I saw all the good reviews and decided to let my mom know. My sister drove her there with her lap top.They live right down the street from the store. Nolan was VERY helpful. He looked at her computer and realized my mom had turned the internet button off. They are keeping her computer to check it out to see if they can convert some things in German to English. They were honest, fair and I now know  my whole family will take computer issues to them. Thank you for an honest place which is hard to find when it comes to computers. Too bad I am in California.Highly recommend!!!!
5	Leasing with RedSeven is wonderful peace-of-mind. I have been a lease customer of Red Seven for maybe a year now, but it is well worth the peace-of-mind. Recently my leased laptop was acting strangely but Nick eventually fixed me right up. First he spent a lot of time trying to fix it via a remote, but then they needed to work on it in the shop, so it was there for a day. Nick was very patient with followup questions after I got the laptop back. I'm just a retired person but I use my computer every day and it is very important to me. I'm glad they have the Scottsdale office. I would continue to highly recommend RedSeven.
1	This location is CLOSED! :( I just drove 20 minutes to get here... Wah wahhh
