4	Just opened Monday. Good food. We got a wicked which and a beef with cheez wiz and carmalized onions. Both were very good. Workers were friendly and helpful. We will go back ! Lots of choices to choose from
5	New location! I am happy that they finally got one closer to where I am at. I had visited the one located at Westgate a few times and loved it. Now I have one close to where I am at and it will definitely be a new stop for lunch for me.
5	Terrific location. Super busy around lunchtime. Kevin my cashier was very funny and knowledgable. The food is very good too. I recommend them for your next meal. It is kind of hidden it,is in the same parking lot as give guys.
4	The ordering was a little confusing, and took me a minute to understand. You have to find which bag station has the sandwich you want and then mark off what you want on it,  I really liked the sandwiches. They were very tasty. I had a vegetarian hummus. I ordered a kids pizzawich for the baby. It came with a drink and tiny rice krispy treat (I ate). She really liked it. The bread was easy for her to chew and tasty. My sandwich was really good too. I really like the bread- I think that made the sandwich.I went a few weeks after it opened and it was still pretty busy. It took a long time to get the sandwich and to order, but that is to be expected.This is a great addition to the Arrowhead area and I wish it success.
5	Finally have a great location in arrowhead next door to five guys. Love the pastrami toasted with pepper jack cheese spicy mayo, deli mustard, and all the fixings!  People still need to figure out how to order here but at least they stay out of the way until they figure it out.  Soon we will expect this kind of ordering everywhere!  Love Which Wich and glad to see them here.
2	Unimpressive.We stopped here for the first time last week. We thought that the ordering was unique, but certainly not great. I tried the Turkey Wich and my boyfriend tried The Wicked. When we got home and started eating our sandwiches, we looked at each other and basically said the same thing- where's the meat??? Considering the Wicked is a sandwich that comes with five different types of meat and three different types of cheese... we were expecting a little more.We shared an oreo shake, and it was tasty. They also have punch cards, something like buy 10 sandwiches, get 11th free. Though I don't think we will be back to fill ours up.
3	Was my first time eating here. I thought it was pretty unique that you get a brown bag and order what kind of sandwich you want. Be sure to pay attention to what bag your grabbing each number is a different meat. When I came in it wasn't busy so the 5 minute wait for a sandwich was a little ridiculous. The sandwich was delicious but it wasn't worth the price. Be prepared to spend $10 for a 7in sandwich with a small drink and chips.
2	I work in this area every Friday, and every Friday I go to Paradise Bakery or the new Wildflower location for a salad. I decided to try Which Wich to break out of my routine.I shouldn't have.It wasn't the unique way to order your sandwich (on a preprinted paper bag), it wasn't the 15 minute wait to get my sandwich, it wasn't the employees...it was the sandwich.Now, let me say, the bread that my sandwich was on was excellent! It was soft and chewy and crusty...GREAT bread! And the quality of the meat (I had turkey) was phenomenal! But...I needed my glasses to actually FIND the meat! Literally had to go searching for it. I also ordered avocado (for an extra charge) on my sandwich, and it was a spread, not slices. The caramelized onions I had added were tough and unpleasant as well, and the 'spicy' mayo was absent. I was more than a little disappointed.I paid $10.18 for a 7 inch sandwich, chips and a drink. I usually pay a little under $10.00 for my salad from Paradise or Wildflower, and I take half home. I was expecting so much more from Which Wich, and received so much less.I'll stick to my usual lunch spots.
3	saw this place and decided to try it out.  Was a little thrown off when i walked in but the girl was nice and gave us "the walk through" on how it works with writing your order on a bag and checking off the toppings you want.Good:bread was awesome, meat seemed pretty good quality and a lot was on my sandwich.  place was open, and clean.  price wasn't more than subway and was a lot better.Not so good:ordering was confusing, WAY too many bags to choose from to start.  was almost impossible to figure out the price of anything till after i ordered.  it looks like IKEA threw up inside. for being empty it still took 10 minutes for my food.Overall i will be back and now that i know a few things i'm sure why next visit will be a lot better
4	I've been to Which Which at Westgate a few times, first time in Arrowhead location. We were craving a good sandwich and lucky we found this location. A little hidden, next to 5 guys and behind Paradise. Ordered a large buffalo chicken with double meat and shared. Big enough for the both of us and left us full. We will be back!
4	I have been a fan of Which Wich since they opened at Westgate in Glendale. I found one in La Porte Texas on a business trip, so i have some idea of what to expect.The new store on Bell road is by far the best staffed which equals fast service. I am working on trying all of the sandwiches, Elvis is the next on my list
5	Lots of varieties!
4	Solid choice when you want something specific (the have so many choices it's ridiculous), and quick. You can place your order online, and by the time you get there, it's probably going to be ready. Very nice if you have a short window for breaks, or are in a crunch for time.I docked a star though, because I feel like the protein portions are usually lacking. Doubling your meat on the sandwich is definitely worth it.If there's one reason I keep coming back though, it's the banana chocolate shakes. Holy crap.
4	I Tried which wich today for the first time.  I had the tomato and avocado, I loved all of the options you have for adding to the sandwich.  At $5.50 it seems like a great deal, the 7in sandwich was filled nicely.   I had marked it to be a cold sandwich but after I ate half (it was precut in half) I was curios how it would be toasted.  I asked if they could toast the other and and they did... Way better.  The bread tastes completely different and becomes chewy and gets a great crust.  I recommend having your sandwich toasted!Excited to try it again as their non meat options are abundant!
5	This is now my favorite sandwich place! Can't stop thinking zanier how delicious it was! I would probably get double meat for the extra cost next time since I like my sandwiches "meaty". So many choices and different options in making a great sandwich, I'll have to come here many more times! Loved it!
4	Stopped in for dinner last night as a first-timer.Things I loved:Friendly staff! - The guy working there was quick to ask if we knew how to order.How you order - Customize your sandwich (lots to choose from) on a paper bag so you choose exactly what's on it.Cleanliness - Tables and floor were clean... until we got there. Oops!They had the World Series game on tv!Things I wasn't so crazy about:Sandwich quality - It was GOOD but not greatPrice - For the price, I'd prefer something I think is GREAT, like Jersey Mike's (We paid $17 for 2 sandwiches and 1 drink)They gave us a punch card with double punches, so for that reason, we will probably return. Otherwise, will probably stick to our usual sandwich spots
4	This is a very good concept to the whole sub thing. They are quick and the subs are good. Quality of vegtables are great. It was my first time the other day and I will be stopping in again!
4	Yummy subs. I love the whole "mark it on a bag" concept. You can tell that the ingredients are 10x better quality than Subway's. 4 stars because the dude making the sandwiches seemed like he hated life.
4	Customer service is not the greatest but the sandwiches are the best!
2	Love the food, but am VERY disappointed that I was charged 1.50 for a refill, when every other time I have been to Which Wich, it was only .50  I don't understand how they can get away with charging different prices.  It seems to me that the price should be the same nationwide...and I have been to several different locations nationwide...all only charged .50 !  This will definitely affect my decision about how often to come here.
4	So I've been to this place a couple times now and I'm yet to be disappointed.  The size of the medium sandwich is more than large enough for me and im a big guy. The sandwich tastes great and its awesome that you can add all kinds of topping for no extra charge with a few exceptions (avocado, bacon, extra meat, or extra cheese). The staff is friendly and very helpful at teaching you how to order which is fun and different from anything I've personally seen. Definitely better than your average subway sandwich and they have unlimited varieties to choose from.  Great place to have lunch or dinner and the price tag isnt too bad either.
5	What a cute little sandwich shop.  It was  my first visit but I will definitely go back.  It is a very easy ordering system, choose a bag with the type of sandwich you want and all the options are there for you to personalize it for you.  The bread was the best as it wasn't so soft that your sandwich falls apart. We loved it.
5	Bomb subs with great customer service, I always get the Italian grinder Tops most of the sub places I ever been at
