1	If I could give no stars for this place I would. A childs first visit to the dentist should be a somewhat comforting pleasant one. The only thing my 3yr old grandson remembers is the dentist putting his hand over my grandsons mouth to cover his crying. When a child is scared to death and crying you dont cover his mouth. This place just gave me a bad vibe. He definitely will not be back and will not be recommending this place.
5	I just left the second visit for my 3 children, ages 2,3,&5. The first time was great. We had three successful cleanings and exams. My then one year old daughter bit the hygienist and the lady went on without a problem.  They also allowed us to do all 3 cleanings back to back. This time the kids were excited to go back in. They get to watch a movie on the ceiling during the exam. They are very kid friendly and don't mind screaming. We had a great 2nd visit and will be going back.
5	My children have been here several times for cleanings/procedures.  I always walk out being impressed with how well Dr. Nielsen interacts with them.  He's calm, patient and caring.  He explains everything very well to both my kids and me.  I feel like he takes time to let nature take its course rather than rush me into unneeded procedures.  I normally don't write reviews but was surprised to see the negative ones on here.  The other pediatric dental offices I have been to don't allow parents to come back either because kids will generally behave worse around their parents.   I have never had any issues with them letting me stay in the room while they perform a  procedure (filling, etc.) here.  If I had one complaint, it would be the seating is not very comfortable in the waiting area...but usually we don't have to wait very long.   For someone who doesn't have dental insurance, I really appreciate they offer an exam, cleaning and x-rays for $35 even if you are an established patient.  They are the only reason my kids get regular checkups and I am truly grateful for that!
5	I have no idea how others are treated, but we have been going to Wild West for three years and have had incredible service every time. The staff is attentive, the dentist is professional and GREAT with kids.  My daughter has had several teeth pulled, and not a single tear.I'm a business owner, and know how difficult it can be to please every one every time.  However, I would recommend Wild West without hesitation as the best children's dentistry in the Valley.
