5	I've always had a good experience with cathy. She does a good job on my eyebrows! :)
5	This has to be the best facial I had ever received to date in Las Vegas/Henderson.   Cathy was super thorough with the extractions.  She understand that although it may hurt a bit with the extraction process, but there will be results.  I have been to so many different aestheticians and have come home and try to perform my own extractions since they simply COULDN'T get those ones out or just skipped over them because they are NOT ready.  With Cathy, she was detailed and I was pleasantly surprise. If you want results and have a clear complexion, Cathy is the person to see.  She is very knowledgeable.  I highly recommend her.  Cathy is located inside of Destination Spa and Salon.  It's very clean and such a wonderful relaxing ambiance.  I will always depend on Cathy to maintain clean and clear skin.
5	I was skeptical about anyone doing facials because of bad experiences in the past. Cathy was nice and did a really good job on my skin. She is not expensive and does not push products on you. One of those people that one wants to go back to for services because it feels easy and comfortable. I found her on yelp and I am happy I went to see her. A little far away from where I live but I would rather drive a little longer for quality, than go to a place five min away and leave frustrated and never go back.
5	This was a great experience!OK, not for me, my daughter.  Tasked with organizing a facial for my daughter, who is very particular, I checked out the offerings on Yelp and liked with Regina P and Christina J had to say.1.  Customer Service - I was calling around New Year weekend to sort out a time and date, and Cathy personally responded to me over this holiday weekend. How great is that for customer service!2.  Scheduling - I eventually went to her website to sort out the dates, as doing it on the phone without my calendar was tough. Her scheduling system on line is very, very easy to use. 3.  The test - Meeting her, she was right on time (Passed first test),  Answered all my goofy questions (passed) and then made my daughter very comfortable (flying colors!)Great Customer Service, Scheduling, Explanations, Special Pricing for tweens.  Can't get any better.  I suggest you go to her site and book her!http://www.styleseat.com/cathyleakeGK says check it out!
5	Once, for about 48 hours, my face was free of gunk. Cathy provided an exceptional facial with hundred--seriously hundreds--of extractions and a brow wax. I don't know what to say about this experience other than it was great. My face felt much better and Cathy accomplished exactly what I wanted and needed. This was also my first time using Yelp Deals, which was fast and easy--I bought $100 of service for $50 while driving to my appointment and Cathy had the notification by the time I opened the door to her spa. The Yelp Deal made the purchase process a breeze and Cathy is very sweet to offer it as I would gladly pay full price for her exceptional service.
5	Holy moly-Cathy's Good! I just finished my facial and wax for my hoo-ha.Anyways, since moving to Henderson my skin has been ALL over the place like super dry but still blackheads. All sorts of funk. Well, after leaving Cathy I now have my youth back, and a clear face! Here's what I liked1. Clean! Her room and tools were well maintained.2. Her price. $65 for a 60 min euro facial. Most want 65 for a 50 min facial! I actually got the hydrating facial but listed that price because most people can compare euro facials from salon to salon since they essentially do they same thing. Hydrating facial came with what felt like 5 masks, amazing smelling towels, massage, tons of extractions and lotions!3. Waxing-she's fast and efficient. Any pain stems from me not maintaining my wax :(Well, found my new esthetician. I highly, highly recommend her!
5	Cathy is the best!!! I scheduled my next appointment already!
5	Wow!  Cathy is an amazing esthetician.  I had a facial and waxing performed.  She performed numerous extractions on my clogged skin.  It was truly the best facial I have ever had.She did a fantastic job waxing and shaping my eyebrows.I had my first Brazilian wax and she made it extremely comfortable. Cathy does amazing work and it is evident that she is passionate about what she does!  I'm so glad I found her and I will definitely be back.
4	I have terrible, awful, no good, very bad skin. After trying just about every topical treatment and pill, my dermatologist threw up his hands and told me to go get an extraction. I went to Cathy a month ago, and I haven't had a major breakout since.So the spa she works in is a little out of date and I probably wouldn't come here for a cut and color, but I like Cathy because she didn't try to sell me a bunch of over priced chemical laden products; she did the extraction, set some realistic expectations, and sent me on my way. I'm definitely going to keep going back for maintenance treatments.
5	Cathy is wonderful! I went in for a facial and I will definitely be coming back. She helped with my skin and it felt so clean. I mentioned that it had been over a year since my last facial and I was told I had sensitive skin. She took great care of my skin. I would have to book in advance, but she is busy and popular, so I don't mind. She has such a wonderful and comforting energy. I will highly reccommend her to everyone I know.
4	I decided, although I'd found a great place in the SW for my waxing, that I wanted to stay closer to home.  Having found Cathy on Yelp and reading all of her great reviews, I wanted to give her a "test run" on my eyebrows.  I take one star off simply for the salon she's in.  Not as calming and luxurious as I typically like spas/salons to be, but it does the job and its proximity to my new house is pretty decent.  Cathy is very down to earth and made me feel comfortable immediately.  I'm not a person who likes to give much guidance on this stuff.  I like to give free reign and let aestheticians work their magic on me.  After all, it's not permanent.  She was able to do this without a problem.  I didn't have to spell out what I wanted - she did what she thought was best, and I LOVE the results.    I spoke to her about a facial and extraction, and she was able to give me great tips since I'd never had one before.  Didn't try to upsell me on any crazy and expensive service that wasn't necessary.  I will definitely schedule a facial with her as soon as I'm ready.  Her prices are excellent.  And I love that my receipt gets texted to me after I pay by credit card.  I'm very happy with her work and her personality and I will definitely become a regular for my waxing needs, and possibly my skin care needs when I finally take the plunge and get a facial.
5	what a great experience! I found this place your other Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed. the price for eyebrow wax is the cheapest I found in town and Cathy does the best job I've ever experienced since moving here. the room was clean. cathy's really nice and friendly she asked a lot of questions and really made me feel comfortable.  you can't beat the price and you can't beat the wonderful experience that is waxing by cathy.
5	Cathy is amazing at giving facials.  My face is very sensitive, breaks out easily and her facials cleared up my skin.  Keep up the great work Cathy. Thank you :)
5	I've been going to Cathy for over a couple years now, and she is amazing!  I moved 90 miles away several months ago, and when I make the trek back to Vegas, her services are at the top of my priority list.  As the other reviews have mentioned, she is very thorough and can clear up signs of acne and aging in... well... moments.  When I leave her office, my skin isn't overly irritated or red.  Just clean and fresh.  Scarring I have had from teen acne has also decreased since seeing Cathy.I've been getting facials for 15 years, and she is by far my favorite.  I can't wait for my next visit!
5	CATHY IS AMAZING......She's friendly, quiet at the right times, and a bit goofy like me. She makes every appointment comfortable and easy. My sister now goes to her.
5	Thank you Cathy for the AMAZING facial! My skin feels fantastic and the massage was a bonus! Whether you live here or just visiting, go see her!
4	I'm new to the neighborhood, immediately looking for a local facial spot, found this place from yelp, because Cathy has 4 stars reviews!This facial salon actually located inside a big hair/ nail salon. The main room of the hair/ nail salon looks like those 80s salon.  20+ hair dressers working on their customers and wow, very busy and overwhelming for me...  After i checked in with the front desk, Cathy came to get me in a timely manner, then she took me to the spa room which is clean & cozy, away from the busy crazy world... lolCathy did a great job on cleaning my skin & extractions.  I feel so clean & refresh after the facial.  Especially on the extractions, the pain level was very low.  She is very good at it.However, I was so surprised she didn't massage my face nor my shoulder at all, which is usually included in most facials.  She explains to me she doesn't perform massage anymore, only cleaning, exfoliation, extractions, and mask.  Okkkk.... I thought the cleaning, exfoliation, MASSAGE, extractions, mask is a standard procedure for facial, but i guess anesthetists have their own variations.
