4	if you are looking for a restful night sleep go any where on the other side of the street . you are 500 yards from the southern pacific main line. but if you want to be part of history an have some stories to tell this is the place. the dinner is great. best pool in town.summer in gila bend the road temp. is 125 deg. and you can cook a egg on the side walk at noon, even if you don't stay go in and check it out.
4	This hotel is, well it is different. Built in a flying saucers/railcar kind of way, with the outside lights sticking up from the roof, it is weird. The rooms are "spacious", of course, clean and include free wireless high speed connection and a remote control for the air conditioner/heater. The railroad tracks are just in back of the hotel, and yes the morning train will most likely be your wake up call. However, that goes for the whole town. The free continental breakfast is more substantial than in most places, it includes scrambled eggs, bagels, toast, juice  and more, served next door in the Space Age restaurant, which also houses the gift shop. I would not call it a destination hotel, but if you need to spend the night in the area, it is worth checking out.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my stay at the Space Age Lodge.  I had passed by it a few times many years ago.  When the time arose to stay in Gila Bend I saw that it had become a Best Western so I thought it would be funny to stay there.  The rooms are really nice, clean and have nice flat screens and mini-fridges.  The pool is pretty nice for a motel.  The price was very reasonable, we paid about $80 and it included a full breakfast at the restaurant.
4	Hubs booked this kitschy place for us because, well - the other options in the-middle-of-nowhere-AZ were very slim and besides, who doesn't want to stay in motel called Space Age Lodge? And man! So surprised! I thought we'd be staying in a very outdated motel room. I mean let's face it, most motels that claim "newly remodeled" usually just put in a new tv. But when we opened the door we found new furniture, a very plush bed, new lighting, flat screen tv and a rather large and new "mini" fridge. It was really nice - compared to other Best Western's I've visited. The train is right behind the hotel, but to be honest, the A/C was cranking the entire time we were there (Arizona in June) so we could hardly hear it. And to top it off - we got free breakfast! Not just a continental one either. We had our pick of any breakfast entree and beverage. Came out to a little over $20 of free food! Basically made the room rate $60. Yeah for the UFO place!!!
3	The owners obviously care about the hotel because it's in pristine condition, everything from the pool, to the parking lot to the rooms. Not a single room number has fallen off or is dangling from the door. The lobby you walk into is a giant UFO. You can't do that at Disneyland. Come on. They have a restaurant attached to it for your convenience with excellent food. Make sure you are just passing through Gila Bend because there's not much to do. There is the Oatman Museum down the street that tells the true story of a white women that was kidnapped by the Mojave Indians and they tatooed her all over her face. By the time the authorities found her, she had forgotten most of her English. Tragic. My issue was not with the train. I didn't even hear it. I was awakened by a rooster from the other side of the tracks around 3 AM. The tiny bathroom window wouldn't have allowed me to throw my shoe at the damn thing. I can confirm that the UFO is parked here for all to see. They say that you can see demons in Gila Bend but I didn't see any.
5	We stayed here on our trip across the country.  I was a little cautious about the description, but since there wasn't much else around, we decided to try it.  What a treat!  The room was clean, modern, and very inviting.  The bed was extremely comfortable after a long day of driving.  And you have to admit - it is a hoot staying in a place that boasts a space-theme!The free breakfast is in the restaurant next door, which is equally interesting.  I had the flying saucer pancakes and, I must admit, they are better than the ones my father used to make - a mighty feat indeed.  The coffee was fresh and hot.  The server was fun and told us that the chef had been there for years - which is obvious by how much love and attention he put into our meals!We will absolutely return to this hotel if we pass through the area again and we have already recommended it to our friends and family.
4	Glad I found this place!! I got a room here for $100 a night, but when you add in the $20 breakfast tickets they gave us it was really only $80. Not a bad price for the quality of the rooms. They also have a pool that you can swim in up until midnight. That cold water felt great after spending all day in the hot desert!
2	Space Age Lodge is a comical and obscure spot to stop in during a road trip. However, if you are vegetarian, skip it. The only thing on the menu I could order was a very greasy quesadilla.
3	Stayed here on the way out to CA to break up the drive.  Arrived around 7:30 in the evening in early July.  Easy enough to find on the one street in gila bend.  Room was fine, nice and clean.  Breakfast at the diner was good and included in the rate - definite bonus for sure.   Train noise others complained about didn't bother us much really.  Maybe two trains all night after 9 pm.Real negative - when we got to our room the fan was on but not the air conditioner.  I mean really.   It was 111 outside and maybe 105 in the room.  Turned on the AC and the room got cool around 11 pm. Huge fail on the room in that regards.   Once cool it was fine but try getting to sleep with 2 five year olds when it's sweltering in the room.Not sure I'd go back but we live in Phoenix and the drive to CA isn't that long.  We thought this would be a nice change of pace for the kids and it was.
1	Had to stay here for 16 days with a group of 12, this hotel should not be allowed to use the Best Western name!  All 12 of us had made our reservations in the same week in Nov, all for the same dates, and not one of us had the same rate...then being a military group we had day and night shifts, the free meal coupon could not be used past noon, so half our guys missed out on this, and the management would not make an exception, they said it would mess up their paperwork and require extra work, so they opted to stick it to the Soldiers.   So on to the rooms, they where all newer furnishings, but all where pretty filthy, things like hairs everywhere, and food particles on the floor.   It took over a week to get mine vacuumed properly!  The rooms all have large gaps around the doors and little bugs are common, they also have little window unit AC and heat that kind of works.  But, the best part is the shower, when you first turn it on the water is brown, no BS, and after that clears it won't stay hot, goes hot cold, hot cold...this place is a joke, and It gets better, so to see if I can get a hot something I fill the tub (after the brown clears) and come back to it after a few minutes, well now the water is full of pebbles and dirt.  I confirmed with the others in our group and this was standard for all rooms.Overall worst hotel I've ever stayed in, even if your just passing through I would highly advise going a bit further to Casa Grande, Goodyear, or Yuma depending on your direction.  Plus it's a very expensive hotel, $99-129 a night is the norm.I wish again they had a zero star on yelp for this place!
5	We honestly loved this motel! Once you get past the gimmick, the rooms themselves are super clean and spacious. Although a little pricey, if you factor in the free breakfast at the cute little restaurant , well worth the price!
3	Parking sucks. Waiting to be seated doesn't take long. Waiting for a waitress to take your order takes 10 minutes. Waiting for your food takes 30+ minutes. You take longer waiting on your food than eating it. Food is so so.
2	I've wanted to come here since I was a child in the back seat of my parents' car driving between Phoenix and San Diego. My parents aren't the adventurous type. Anyway I went into the diner with low expectations. It's a pit stop in a small town with a kitschy theme- it doesn't need to be good. BUT! It wasn't bad. Onion rings were decent, apple pie was fresh - and it wasn't CRAZY expensive. Not many options for a pescetarian though.
1	This review is for the rooms only, I give 5 stars to the front desk staff. When we initially walked into our room, everything seemed great. The bed was clean and the room appeared clean. Upon further inspection, I noticed several hairs behind the toilet and in and below the sink. When I got up in the evening to walk to the bathroom i stepped on the biggest COCKROACH I've ever seen. It was sooooooo disgusting.. The next morning, there were several cockroaches near the closet area. You have limited choices when staying in Gila Bend and I would probably stay here over the other places if  I had to.
5	Located right near Penn Station for a quick trip and great comics. Staff is very friendly. They have the best selection in comics and action figures. Fair prices.
