5	Sadly this one is closed. I found so much at this one. Went to the Meadows Mall last weekend and noticed that it's some generic body care store. This one was bigger than the Blvd. Mall/Miracle Mile Shops locations, and had really good selection. Get the member card, subscribe to the e-mail list, and shop the sales. I really love the Body Butter products ( mango, coconut, shea butter, vitamin E, cocoa butter, raspberry, just to name a few), the gifts (no-brainer gift idea), and the foot kits (great as gifts, but I use it too). Am the only one that thinks this is funny that one can still write reviews for something's that's closed?
5	They just re-opened at Meadows Mall. Store is across from Victoria's secret. I rarely shop here, but customer service at this location was excellent. Two thumbs up for the girls working here.  They were very knowledgeable and helped 2 male customers pick things for their wives.  They even provided a little jar so you can take a sample home. As part of the Grand opening special, they are offering a free one year membership card to the body shop with purchase ($10 value at Meadows Mall location only), and if you spend $30 or more you get a gift set with Satsuma scented products and a lotion.  The great thing was that I was able to use my Groupon on any items in the store, including sale items. Score!
5	Awesome service. I am new to the ins tore buying of the Body Shop. The sales associate help me get the online product price, she also help set me up an account. I really like the service and products offered here.
4	Whether you end up just window shopping or leaving the store having just earn another buck towards your annual cash back reward, it is always a pleasant experience shopping at a retailer staffed with friendly associates providing great customer service. That's how I felt shortly after walking into this smallish store inside Meadows Mall.  There was already a small family shopping inside while an associate was helping them, explaining the various products they were looking at and also reminding them of the promotion that was running right now (spend $30 and get a body butter for $5).  They seemed happy with the attention provided by the store employee and left with a smile on the faces after paying for their purchase.I have not been at The Body Shop (ever? or not in a very long time), so just processing everything neatly on display took a few moment. One of the associate noticed this quickly and asked if I needed any assistance, which I declined but it was appreciated nonetheless. I eventually settled on a gift box and another combo promotion, when another store associate told me about the spend $30 and get a body butter for $5.  That helped me make my final decision to spend a little more and have one potential Christmas gift shopping done at the same time.  Not sure who the gift is for yet, but whoever she is she better like the scent of Satsuma :)Pricing-wise it felt pricey to me. But who knows maybe this is the regular price of admission for skin, hair, body care for women at comparable stores.  But $10 for specialty shampoos, that is less than 1/2 a regular can of soda by volume, is a definite sticker shock for a guy that is used to buying shampoo once every year maybe even two years at Costco. The Body Shop is not going to be a retailer I visit on a regular basis, but the friendly and helpful store associates definitely made my shopping excursion a pleasant one. I would recommend it to anyone shopping for gifts for their GF or wife or themselves.4 stars!The Drops of Youth Eye Concentrate line of products does seem very interesting to me, but still gun shy of the price. But if it makes women look decades younger, it is worth it :)
