3	It's a barber shop, man style. Complete with swirling barber pole out front. Wall-to-wall flat panels showing ESPN in HD, and other sports. Was great to see part of the world series tonight surrounded by gangsta types all getting their fades and lines. All I needed was the beer and dogs. Well maybe not. That wouldn't have gone so good with the little bits of hair flying all over as the clippers buzzed away.Seriously, get your bling on. Need help? Danny's's got it for ya.
1	Just horrible. I went here for a simple hair cut: 3 on top, 1 on the sides. I've had that style hundreds of times and rarely have I had a little problem with my hair cut, but this took the cake. This was my first time going to this barber shop and little did I know what awaited me. I walked in and took a seat; there were 3 barbers there, one was busy giving a cut, the youngest one was busy organizing his work space, and the third one was sitting on his @@@ playing video games. And who called me to his chair? The one not doing anything constructive playing video games? No. The real young one. He looked to be fresh out of high school and as I sat down I thought how interesting it was that I had never had a cut from someone younger than me and how much of a barber prodigy this kid must be if he's already licenced to give hair cuts (little did I know). Assuming that he was simply a young licensed barber was a mistake. He didn't even know how to work the powdered brush! He took the brush and barely, half-heartedly tapped only the tip of my nose. I had already closed my eyes with anticipation that he would brush off my whole face. A few seconds after I felt a little tap of the brush on my nose I quizzically opened my eyes thinking...um, OK. At that point I wasn't facing any mirrior and I couldn't see, but when he turned me toward one, I had so much hair on my face I looked like freaking Chewbacca! It was only then that he took an air hose to my face. Whatever happened to the little brush? He obviously realized he doesn't know how to use one. A few minutes later he poked me in the eye with his pinky! It was just a light tap, but it was the first time I had ever gotten poked in the eye while getting a hair cut. I could tell by his facial expression that he realized what had happened, and he didn't even apologize. The hair cut itself....oh boy. Since I was in kind of a hurry and still assuming he was a barber child prodigy who simply had issues with using a brush, I didn't see anything wrong with my hair when he held the mirror up for a second for me to see. When I got home I discovered the truth. The kid used some sort of clip that makes your hair look more thinned out, almost as if you were going bald. I did not request for him to cut my hair like this. During lunch even my buddy said "I can see your head", at the moment I just assumed it was another way for him to say "oh cool, you got a haircut". Not only did I get an eye poked and was already aging and losing my hair, but the sides of my head weren't just a 1 like I requested, there were patches of 1, 1 and 1/2, 2, and everything in between. Apart from my hair looking thinned out, it was uneven! My assumption about that young barber was wrong. He doesn't know how to give a simple cut. I didn't even ask for a fade or line up. I just wonder what would have happened If I had requested both. Crooked line....instead of a fade it would of been a complete shave. If he doesn't know how to give a hair cut, what is he doing there? It's obvious he's not licenced. From what I know, if you are a *trained* barber who is waiting for his license to arrive you can give haircuts at a barber shop, but *cannot* charge a penny for it; its not permitted. I don't know how many ginnie pig's haircuts he's experimented on, but I hope that someone that got a bad cut and noticed the crap job he did before leaving the chair, complained. It's safe to say I'll never go there again. Tip? Tip my @@@.......I was in a hurry and forgot to tip anyway; good thing I didn't.
4	I've been going to Danny's for over a year now and have received over a dozen cuts here.  Every barber, with a couple of exceptions, does a good job for the most part.  Much better then any other place I've been to.  I think I'm the only white guy who goes here, but I'll continue to get my cuts at Danny's.
5	I have been going to this place since 2005, I love the service. The guys know the newsest hair styles and have a friendly attitude. Every time I come by, I catch up on sports ir news, ESPN, CNN, MLB . I LIKE THAT I DON'T HAVE TO WAIT LONG. They move the line pretty quick and it doesn't make a difference which barber takes care of me, they are all very good. They do nice TAPERS, MO HAWKS,  FADES, SCISSOR CUTS. They use elctric shavers on the fades that makes the skin extra short and makes the cut last a few more days. They finsh you up with the hot shaving cream and a straight razor. The Best part of the  the Hair cut.
5	I always get my hair cut here. Every one of the barbers is really good. I have never had a problem with any hair cut. what i ask for is what i get. I usually get a taper but ive seen the fades and mohawks that these guy do and they are real clean. Very friendly service and good quality work and only 13 bucks! Couldnt ask for anything more
5	Been coming for a few years and always AAA service and 5 star quality Barbering skills!
5	Great haircuts at affordable prices. Danny's barbershop keeps the old fashion barber trade alive, while keeping the haircuts up to date and in style. It's a Friendly and family oriented environment. All the barbers are good and consistent in their work.
5	Passing in town, my dad wanted to trim his beard and the barber took us in w no appointment and did an excelent job - according to my father. Friendly environment  and great service
