5	I love this store and frequent it weekly. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. I have all my friends and family going there for all their mystic needs.
4	Great retail shop that also offers psychic services. Decent selection of gemstones at mostly reasonable prices, they have some really pretty jewelry. I've been going here for a few years and it has a chill atmosphere not hippie/new age, reeking of patchouli. I've seen Lori for yearly tarot readings and she always blows me away. She's extremely specific on the details, no broad statements or warnings. Ex - she doesn't say don't speed you'll get a ticket, she says watch your speed for the next 3 weeks. She's said several extremely accurate things that ended up happening, including medical issues with family members. When she's right, she's dead on, but ill admit she's running at maybe 50% accuracy for me. I hadn't been there in a couple years nd recently went in for a reading with a random person because Lori had left and they claimed not to know where she went. The reading was sort of a waste of $40 - I wasn't feeling the person at all. She was nice, but pretty scattered with all the random things she'd throw out and she didn't really elaborate on anything. 30 min was always enough time for a general read then specific questions with Lori, but ran out of time with this new one. 4 stars for the store, but I only ever went there because of Lori and I likely won't be back since she's gone. Thankfully I searched online and found Lori's office, so yay!
5	I found this place walking past Alberstons and when I stopped in I was blown away by how much stuff they have. The staff was really friendly and helpful, loved the music and atmosphere.
5	Love love love this place!! Everything in this store is awesome. They have everything from books to candles to crystals to jewelry. If they don't have what your looking for, they will be more than happy to find it for you and order it! The staff is amazing, I love them. They are so helpful!
5	I've visited all of the metaphysical shops in town and this one is by far my favorite. The staff and owner are honest good hearted people. They always answer all of my questions and if I ever ask for something they don't carry (which rarely happens) it will end up in the shop within a couple weeks. I've found other nice shops in town but the staff or vibes just didn't feel right. I only want to buy spiritual related things from people and places with good vibes and intentions. Great people and great shop!
5	Truly the best spiritual sanctuary one may seek. The atmosphere of this phenomenal store is fantastic and the employees very helpful. Not to mention, the selection is the BEST I have seen in town (and I have been to a lot). If you are seeking a place to calm your heart and mind, or a place to purchase candles, crystals, oracle or tarot cards, pendulums, crystal jewelry, or other spiritual tools, look no further. My only wish is that they open a place close to summerlin. Since I have moved far north of henderson, I have regrettably not been able to come here as much as I would like. Despite the 40+ minute drive though, this place is definitely worth it! You will certainly not regret coming here. I know that neither I nor my friends ever did.
5	Raven and the entire staff are amazing. The best readings, the best products, and so very helpful in putting together potions or small things to carry to help produce the results you want in your life. The products I purchased were of the FINEST quality.  The reading by Raven was spot on. Imagine a sanctuary of positive energy, light, and acceptance. Just wish I could go more often. But, I got the job Raven predicted I would get. :-)
5	I buy a majority of my sparkly crystals and jewelry at For Mystic Minds.  The owner and her team are always very nice and super helpful.  This is a great place to pick up candles, cards, crystals, jewelry and to get readings.  Go see Mary Rose...she's a fabulous, lovely lady!
5	Amazing vibes, original products. Fair pricing. I have only been in once but will defiantly return.
4	One of the best shops for crystals, books, and readings. The overall ambience is welcoming and comforting. You do not feel watched. You can browse and explore. The staff are friendly and helpful. My new favorite shop!
