5	This Chiropractor is inside Mountainside Fitness.  Dr. Roybal was really great in treating my 16 yr old son who had been having back pain and muscle spasms.  Great bedside manner, took his time treating my son, worked with my insurance and budget, educated my son on his problems and treatments.  I've been to many chiropractors and this doctor has been the best so far.  I saw him do some adjustments that I had never seen before.
5	I am extremely pleased with the treatment I received at Arora today.  Dr Arora took the time to do a complete assessment of my back, explained in detail the reasons for my pain, outlined a course of action and he gave me advise on how to avoid future injuries.  He was extremely knowledgeable and very professional.  I just moved to Surprise from Tucson so I was a bit nervous about finding a new chiropractor in the area...No worries now that I found Dr Arora!
5	I found Dr. Rick (Roybal) at Arora on yelp.com and gave him a try.  Talk about serendipity!  This guy is the BEST Chiropractor I've ever used!When I walked in there I was walking in severe pain from old auto accidents, stress and a multitude of sins I just let go until I got to the breaking point meaning I couldn't stand more than about 10 minutes at most and walking had become super painful and slow.  My hips were twisted again from an old motorcycle accident which throws off everything it seems, and--because of some previously painful and questionable work done by a Chiro in Illinois--I never went back to one when I came to Arizona.My regular Phoenix Physician wanted to send me to a Pain Management Dr. so he could what?  Mask the pain I guess which seemed awfully stupid to me, so I bit the bullet and started looking for a local Chiro here.  I'm so glad I did, too...and soooo glad I found Dr. Rick especially.Since my experiences with two other old time Chiros in llinois used old school techniques I went in there kinda scared:  you know what I mean with the twisting of the neck and the cracking and all.  I was always sure I was going to end up a paraplegic.  They were rough, their treatments didn't last all that long and they didn't suggest any after-care or exercises--just come see me again when you can't walk without pain.  Kinda discouraging really.Dr. Rick uses new techniques which I had never experienced before which are much more gentle (and a heckofalot less scary) but get the job done.  He will suggest exercises and after-care if needed.  He WILL take care of you because he really CARES about his patients (you can tell it), he loves his work (again, you can tell it) and he will listen carefully to what you tell him throughout your appointment and will answer any questions about your care that you have.  He's very professional, and seems to have absolutely no problem in educating his patients on what he is doing and why.  Frankly, I never had a Chiro do that before and I really appreciate it.  He even makes his cell phone number accessible and encourages you to call him with any questions you might have after you leave there...can you imagine that one?Very low rates and excellent service.  I cannot give any more stars to this Chiropractor, but, if I could, I would,  I am extremely happy with his work and am getting my friends to go to him, too.  He's making me well, and I'm so very grateful for his skill, knowledge and caring...thanks for enabling me to live sans pain, Dr. Rick!  And just as much, thank you for not charging me an arm and a leg for doing it!
