3	Come for the breakfast ... only get the breakfast.  I came for the breakfast.  I was in the area about three years ago and many of the smaller Mom and Pop diners that I actually liked had closed.  Thankfully this place was still open and I was hungry.  Located near the top of Mount Washington, this little diner benefits by its proximity to the Mount Washington Parking garage.Rather stark inside, the locals and owners like to dress up the interior and exterior for the holidays.  While we were looked at suspiciously at first, we were accepted into the fold when we placed our order:Chicken and rice soupHam and cheese with homefriesBig Country Breakfast: eggs (poached medium), bacon (soft), and blueberry pancakes with toast and homefriesThe chicken and rice soup had very little chicken and A LOT of vegetables and the broth was rather flavorless.  I would like to take this time to rename it to Vegetable and Rice soup -- now if only it had some flavor.  As we muddled through the soup, our entrees came to the table.  Did I mention I was hungry?  The Big Country Breakfast looked great.I went straight for the blueberry pancakes and enjoyed their flavor.  They were good and fluffy and the blueberries had good flavor that just popped in my mouth.  After eating about a quarter of them I moved on to the  eggs.  They were cooked perfectly -- egg whites fully solid and the yolk slightly viscous in the center.  I love eggs when they are cooked perfectly like this since a majority of the yolk will adhere to the whites and then I can come in with my toast and mop up the rest.  OH SO GOOD! And back to the pancakes....then the eggs...and then the bacon.  They listened to me and brought out my bacon soft.  I swear that I am the only person in the world that dislikes crunchy bacon.I looked over at the omelet but decided not to try it.  It had been browned.  I know it is a psychological thing, but if my eggs are browned I will not touch them.  I will accept my friends comments that it was good.  He finished it and appeared to enjoy it.  The only other down point about the meal were the homefries -- not a lot of flavor to them at all.  I decided to just leave them at the side and eat the rest of my meal.I enjoyed this experience and will return from time to time.  Even though there is the garage, it can be hectic to find a parking space.  I think that the only reason I would choose this diner over O'Leary's is the pancakes.  They were so much better.  That is fine, though, I go to O'Leary's for the French Toast.
3	J & J Family Restaurant and & Caterer has the longest name ever when it simply is a diner. That being said, the food is good if you like that type of food which fortunately I do.If you're looking for atmosphere don't go in. When you go in you'll see white walls, old furniture and elderly people gawking at you because you don't have the newspaper under your armpit. It is what it is there. The service is usually decent but they don't take debit card which to me is always a minus. Get with the times. It's okay to have a limit but at least have it available. The price point is typical for dines in this region.This place is ideal for anyone who is hungover, easily impressed and/or just hungry for some good breakfast. If you want class you should stay at home.
5	This place has the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  I'm sure people will argue in favor of some of the more well known places, but you can't beat this place.  Good, fast, friendly service.  Food quality is everything I want for breakfast - the meats are top quality; thick cut bacon, bulk savory sausage, thick ham steaks.  And God bless them, real salted butter on everything - nothing tastes quite like it.With all of that being said, don't walk in the door expecting anything other than an urban neighborhood diner.  I starting eating here just out of convenience when I lived on Mt Washington but I still find myself making the trip back because I just can't find anything that compares anywhere else.
5	Great place for breakfast and lunch. Friendly service and ample menu. One important must for me is real cream for my coffee and they have it in the individual servings so you know it's the real thing. Also big points for using Breadworks bread. Great place to become a regular!
2	Nothing short of diner fare. Okay food, okay service, nothing you wouldn't expect from a diner. Open for breakfast and lunch only. No parking near this place, pay lot on Shiloh.
3	We found this great place after venturing off from the Mt Washington lookout. They have breakfast all day and it's delicious. Our server informed us everything is homemade. We were the only people around and the food took a little longer than expected, which is okay. It helped me notice the 'cash only' sign and gave me time to run to the ATM. Overall, we enjoyed our meal and our time at the diner :)
4	We had intended to go to Micro Diner (closed until further notice) and a couple on the street recommended J&Js. We were glad they did! Yes, it's a diner. If you are expecting a high brow affair, go somewhere else. But the breakfast was great. I had the 'loaded pancakes', pancakes mixed with chunks of bacon and sausage with two fried eggs in the middle. How can you go wrong with that! Reasonable prices, friendly staff, and, while I didn't get one, they have bacon milkshakes! Mmm...next time....Oh yeah! CASH ONLY!!!
5	"get the grilled chicken sandwich with everything on it" just awesome, sorry for screaming, but it is that good ...
2	Nice atmosphere, friendly service. Terrible food. I ordered a club sandwich, daughter ordered a chicken sandwich, we got the exact same thing - chicken strips on a bun.Also, they only take cash but you don't find that out till you go to pay :-(
4	A very good no frills small diner. I personally prefer here than micro diner due to the big selection and better fries. The family owned establishment is very friendly and lovely and they serve some of the most decadent milkshakes around. Top notch breakfast food and filling lunch goods. Expect to ask for a doggy box! They give enough for seconds! Never met a nicer waitress in my life and despite the lack of seats there's.curiously Always room whenever I go. Don't forget to bring cash! There's a pnc across the street if you need! (Or first national up the block)
