3	Sigh...  I wanted this to have more stars, but 3 is really pushing it.  There are some great things about this place but then there are some.... not so great ones.  This is like the little mall that could in many ways.  I remember coming here as a kid to get my picture with Santa and to see the gigantic sand castles that they would have on display every year.  (Different times of year.)  I remember thinking how cool it was to take the escalator up to the movie theater.  So here's where we are now.Really good things: - Where else are you going to shop?  There is SO little good shopping when you live in/near this area. - There is a Costco.  This brings up the status level of just about anywhere, let's be honest.  This was my MAIN Costco for a long time.   - The Chinese food restaurant is pretty cool. - I love the old school deli!  It totally feels 1975 when I go there. - They haven't tried to overly modernize.  Sound like a dubious "good thing" but I love the old school brick work walk ways and planters.   - New shops like Ross and Petsmart have really helped the place!Not so good things: - This was the nastiest Wal-Mart I've ever been in. I'm already not a Wal-Mart fan, but there were a few times when I needed something fast and well, it was there.  Walking through there during Christmas for freaking ornament hangers was one of my worst experiences ever. - Can you call this a food court?  It's almost hidden and for good reason.  There aren't many reasons to eat there, and there are many reasons not to.It's not ghetto.  It's old school.  Know what to expect going in (lots of shoe and accessory stores and nothing in the way of high fashion) and it can be an oasis of shopping in the middle of a shopping desert.
2	Two and a half stars.First off, Shannon is right. I don't think I will ever be able to call this Spectrum Mall. I grew up a few blocks away and the entire duration of my childhood it was called Chris Town, so Chris Town it will stay. If I were rating Chris Town of 1992, It would probably be a four or even five star establishment. I think its hey day happened just after the food court was finished, then it was downhill from there. I will stipulate, however, that there are a couple of a redeeming qualities that remain. Ok, just one. The Costco inside is very convenient and might carry a slightly different selection compared with some of the other Costco's around. The movie theaters used to be great but just aren't anymore. Who knows if it's all beyond repair, but I really do hope not. I loved everything about this mall when I was younger. For now though, I wouldn't recommend it minus for a fast Costco run.
3	2.5 starsGood news for the previous posters - the company that owns this mall is tacking the "Chris-Town"  back onto the mall's name.  Not that this will class the place up any, but it'll make things right again.  The name "Spectrum Mall" always seemed like they were trying to make it sound futuristic in a '50s kind of way.I can't say that I've ventured into the mall beyond the Costco in the last few years.  Quite honestly, that Wal-Mart scares me.  It seems seedier than other Wal-Marts, which is saying a lot.   I did enjoy the little store that sold XI clothing though.  It was always good for a disposable trendy outfit, if you could handle the fact that a real-world size small is an XI size large.  Ah, Chris-Town.  Once upon a time you had a Gap and a Dillard's and were the cool place to go.  A shooting or two later and look what you've become.
1	If you're like me, you're reading reviews not to make a decision whether to visit, but only to check in on poor old Chris-Town, like you would an elderly relative.  Sure enough, most of the commenters grew up with Chris-Town and are at least a little saddened by this withered husk, this pathetic, atrociously-named sad sack of a former mall that is Phoenix Spectrum.Oh, I remember the good times, too.  Chris-Town was probably the first mall I ever went to, back when malls were a relatively new idea, I suppose.  (Come to think of it, I probably saw some of my first movies at the old UA theater out front, before it became a better place to watch gangbangers make out with their underage girlfriends.)  I remember going to Dillard's with my grandmother, hiding in the circular clothing racks, running my hand along rows of impossibly silky blouses.  I remember Santa Claus, and the sand castles, and the excellent pastrami at the Miracle Mile deli.  I remember how it used to smell when the doors would whoosh open and you'd walk in out of the heat -- like a combination of clean tile floors and cool breeze and birthday cake.  Miracle Mile beat its retreat long ago, of course.  The once-mighty Dillard's became Dillard's Outlet, a gigantic, disheveled storage shed for hundreds of piles of failed clothing, which was picked over by masses of morbidly obese, ThirstBuster-clutching vultures, and then eventually went the way of the sand castles.  And the smell?  It's closer to gym socks, fryer grease and despair.And desperate is exactly how I would categorize most Chris-Town shoppers these days.  The clientele, along with the facade, has aged disgracefully.  This new, sweaty mob of bargain hunters barges ahead blindly, wielding their strollers like cow catchers, each accompanied by an entourage of saggy-diapered, Kool Aid-mouthed gremlins.  Which is hardly a surprise: with Wal-Mart, CostCo and, more recently, Super Target as its chief ballast, it stands to reason that Chris-Town's main loyalty would be among those looking to spend as little as possible on the greatest possible quantity, and there is plenty of that to be found in the poverty-line neighborhoods nearby. It's senseless to compare, as some have done, Chris-Town with Scottsdale Fashion Square, or even Metrocenter.  Those are still malls.  Chris-Town is just the bones of a giant -- a concisely depressing reminder that one can never go home again.
2	This place depresses me.Yes, they have made efforts to "fix it up", but it's really just a sad has-been.If you need to run an errand to a very specific store, you'll be OK.  But this is NOT the mall where you want to slowly window shop.If you head over here, it'll likely be for the Costco, movie theatre (NICE), or the SuperTarget.Warning:  Unless you go before 10am, the WalMart is frightful.
2	Spectrum...Chris Town...which is it? Either way, calling it a "mall" is really an insult to malls. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that the strip mall, which includes a sporting goods store and a Petsmart, is part of this place.The interior is small, like depressingly small. Is this really the go-to place for people living in the crappier part of downtown to shop? I feel sorry for them. There's a BBB Fashion if you're into overpriced urban clothing that won't last. There are also an assortment of booths that change every time I walk in.Personally, I still go out of my way for one thing: The Costco. Because I don't have a minivan full of kids to feed, having a membership is pointless for me. But damn, am I addicted to their cafeteria food. What makes this one different is the dining area is open to the public, meaning yours truly can be spotted here stuffing his face with pizza, churros, and chicken bakes. That's why it earns a second star.
1	I'd say most people would agree this is the worst (ghetto) shopping mall in the greater Phoenix area, with Metrocenter not too far behind. I would avoid this mall, drive the extra 30 minutes to anywhere else.
4	It's the only mall in that area where you can hit up walmart, then get yur nose pierced in the kiosk, get some smelly lotion at bath and body then go to Costco for a hot dog and some cheap gas!
2	Since I never knew if it was CHRIStown Mall or CHRISTown Mall, I'm all for the name change to Spectrum. Though by the time you finish this review I will have yet another new name for this mall.Honestly. It's like their PR people blanketed the worst trailer park in Phoenix with fliers saying "Hey, don't shower, bring at least 7 children with you and be sure to tell them to run around with greasy slabs of pizza in their hands." I'm thankful for Target. And I even find some threads at Ross. And I have to say Harkins has upped their theaters and I don't find as many garbage bags covering theater seats. How gross is that? I'm not a Costco shopper but I know most folks are. So that's probably a good thing. Needless to say whenever I return home, and frankly I'm grateful to make it home alive and unscathed by some unruly teenager carrying a shank in his long white tube socks, I need a Silkwood shower. That's right. Just blast that grime and skanky ass smell off me!So two stars. Oh. The name change. Sorry. But to me it forever will be Rectum Mall. Cuz that's how stanky it is!
2	Anyone remember Valley West Mall on 50th Ave & Northern right before it closed?  That's what Chris-town Spectrum Mall feels like..  My aunt worked here when I was a kid and that was back in the 80s when the mall was thriving with business and there were always a ton of great people walking around.  The food court  wasn't there just yet, but when that opened it gave it an even greater feel.  but now..Chris-Town... or face it.. lets just call it Spectrum Mall, is nothing but a ghetto run down store with a bunch of jewelry and urban clothing stores.  I'm shocked that they even have a nail shop inside... I dont mean an upper class one, I mean the ones you see in a strip mall.  The only stores that are recognizable are GNC, Bath & Body Works and shockingly... Wing Stop.. why the hell would they put a Wing Stop in there? wow..Big 5 Sports is pretty decent I guess too..I give this two stars because what was once a great mall is now nothing.  In my honest opinion, they should shut down the remaining mall section and just rebuild it as more big stores..  The only reason people go here now is Harkins, Wal-Mart, Target and JC Penny's..  oh and Costco. think about it... What mall has all those outside stores attached to them?  None that I can think of.. unless they're hurting.RIP Chris-Town
4	"Not Scottsdale Fashion Square or Biltmore Fashion Park, but not bad either"I've been to this mall several times and though it is not a place I go leisurely strolling and window shopping, it does have a lot of basic needs.  Costco, Wal-mart, Target, Petsmart, movie theater and banks on the outside.  Though the decor can be more updated, the selection in shops is pretty good.  If you want to hang out or go window shopping, I know there are other malls that may be better, but for your basic shopping needs, this is not bad.Find this useful, cool, or funny, please check below.
2	I should have read the reviews before going. It was recommended by the concierge as a good mall on the light rail. The other reviewer, Chad, had it completely right - it's a dive.It was dark, dingy, and overall a bit sketchy. Walking to it from the light rail was a longer walk than I was led to believe. One has to trek through a huge parking lot and it feels like over a block or two walk. The "food court" includes an O'Charley's sandwich shop and the food from the Costco. While a $1.50 hot dog & drink is a good deal, I was hoping for something a bit healthier.Advice: If you're a tourist, find a different mall to visit.
1	This place is a dump. IT'S NOT SAFE AFTER DARK!!!I just stick to Target, Costco and the movie theater on the outside.Don't bother going inside.
1	The ONLY reason this place gets one star(aside from the fact that I can't give it NO stars)is that the security staff is cool when I bring  my dog for early am training.Actually I think they might be relieved as he is a working dog,and probably looks like added security.One morning I was going in with him and all the crackheads who hang by the Bank of America ATM were already amassed.One of them asked me"Hey.is that a po-leese dog?"My reply was "Sort of.He's a drug dog trained to find meth." I never saw so many disability claiming neer do wells scatter so fast.They were still gone when I went to leave.The place is sketchy,nasty,and the parking lot is NOT safe.More often than not,skells are perusing it looking in vehicle windows and trying doors.The malwart there is one of the nastier ones I've been in,so much so,that even with gas prices being what they are,I will drive further away for a less frightening shopping experience.The shops in the actual mall part are gehttofab,so if you really need a chola version of Marilyn Monroe on a t shirt,there are a few places that sell really nice ones.There's one shop that sells really cheap costumne jewelry,but for some unknown reason,the place REEKS of formaline.I don't know how anyone can actually work there and not incur liver damage from whatever the toxic waste they're storing there is.The excure for a food court is terrifying.Yes,I'd like the deep fried ptomaine on a stick with a side order of Shigella please.Ick ick ick and ick.
1	This so-called mall is as ghetto as it can get. In the past 10 years I've witnessed the fast decline from decent to total dive. The place is swarming with derelicts and gang members...and their little harlots. Every time I try to go into a store, I get some burnt out derelict or crackhead demanding money from me. Or I encounter some high school dropout jail bait trying to flirt money out of me. Oh and not to mention all the dysfunctional families that allow their 10 year olds to run around using language that would make a factory worker blush. The only reasons this mall still exists is because of Walmart and Target. I have a feeling if either store were to leave Spectrum Mall the whole thing would collapse. My advice is not to go there unless you can afford a body guard or if you have a gun.
3	This place has been around for a long time. Ever since I lived in Phoenix it was here and I know it was here at least 20 years before that. So I think it is safe to say it has been here 50 years plus.It used to be called Christown Mall, which I actually like better. The parking is a bit on the crazy side here. As if it is the only mall in town. Which of course it is not.They do have a lot of stores inside. Penney's being one of the main ones. There is a few name brand chains in here,but mostly one hit wonders. It is on the less expensive side as well. The clientele can be a bit shady at times.As they say in New York, ladies watch your purses.  They used to have Santa Claus there which I liked when my kids were small , plus the giving tree, but in the last few years,no.I still go here, they have a Pets Mart, Costco, Target, and Walmart.   Walgreens, radio Shack and so on.it is not all bad, But, I am always on guard when I am there. Which does not make my shopping day pleasant.
5	Spectrum Mall is wonderful.  It's everything you could possibly need.  Walmart, Ross, Anna's Linens, food for the pooch?  Got that, PetsMart.  The 14 theater Harkins is super easy access.  No parking garages that take a GPS to get out of.There's a Chinese place on the South side that gets great Yelp Reviews for cheap quick chinese.  The JC Penneys is actually really nice and their prices are super.  You need sporting goods?  Got that also.  Big 5.  The Costco is super easy to access also, with dual entrances from the North and South.  Need a cheap spatula?  Dollar Tree.   Bath and Body Works and a Claire's boutique are there also.  They also have XI, which are the young girl shops equal to H & M pricewise.  Shady people?  Panhandlers?   Yes, just like Pikes Place Market in Seatlle.  Yet, everyone thinks that  is hip when they are there or they just ignore it.   No, it's not the place to go if you want a new spendy outfit for a big event or a Coach Bag or a Happy Hour at a new restaurant.   It's fabulous though if you just need a variety of stuff and want one stop shopping.   But, if your still interested in trying to be cool, no, it's not for you.
3	Not the best mall in town but it has everything a mall is supposed to have, minus a food court. The only food you get here is Costco, Mcdonald's and a really nasty Chinese food place. Costco is cheap though and a $1.50 hot dog and drink is a steal. Doesn't have the high end clothing stores as you would see in Fashion Square or even Arrowhead but hey, this is a mall for the little people.
2	Spectrum is one of those places that you love to hate. Go here for the Costco, the Target, the Harkins movie theater. You'll find most of these shops without having to enter the actual mall, with the one exception being Costco. Wal-Mart, JCPenny's, and Ross are here also, but I generally don't shop there but every 'once in a while'.Walking through the mall, you'll find random clothing shops, a game stop, a few shoe stores, and some other unimportant make-up and perfume shops. If it weren't for Costco or the Harkins, I would likely never stop here. For all you light railers, this is the last stop on your way north. If you're public transit bound, this is an ok place to get your shopping done - as long as you're conveniently located next to a rail stop.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
4	I go to costco therefor I will go inside this mall. It's okay there's a payless, bath and body works and this cool store that's like forever 21 called wave. I would go here out of convenience since theres parking and the light rail is right there but if your looking for amazing go to scottsdale fashion square.
2	THIRTEEN places that sell SHOES??? Run down, small, hard to get in and out of and clientele is very low on the socioeconomic ladder. Do yourself a favor and skip this mess!
2	Oh, how the great have fallen. What once was a beautiful and multi-faceted mall has now become a Meh-all. If you were born within the last few decades leading up to 2K and lived in the central Phoenix area, then you remember both Christown and Metrocenter. Well, lets first dive into "Spectrum" Mall....or whatever they call it these days.~What to Do~Despite the lack of shops, this place still has a lot of things to do. You can go clothes/item shopping, just like any other mall. You can go grocery shopping at Costco. You can even go see a movie at the seemingly like-new Harkins they put up here a decade or so ago.~The Good~They do have a lot to do. You can get a number of things done while here. Unlike any other malls out here, the Costco is built directly into the place. That's pretty cool, if you ask me. Instead of having a stand-alone building you have to drive to, its just there. The movie theater isn't half bad, and crowds are a bit less than other Harkins' in town. Some of the shops fill your needs for goodies, although there aren't many. Overall, its a unique center that fills needs for many local residents in the area. ~The Bad~Sigh. Where do you start? The place lost its luster in the mid/late 90's. Tenants left, and so did patrons. The aforementioned built-in Costco was nice and helped traffic, but still, the lack of stores is depressing. Just the sheer lack of oversight by the facility's ownership makes the mall that much worse. How can you let a good location go down so quickly? They had some amazing shops, had awesome card-shows, really fun movie theater within the place you could go up the escalator to. This place is a shell of itself, and has really turned into "Phoenix-Spectrum-Costco, featuring a Harkins!" ~The Down Low~Two stars go to the site for the two major tenants. That is it. Much like Metro, this place has really fallen off the map, and no one had oversight to try to stop it in enough time. Metro's is worse, in my eyes...but this is a close second. Go here for the Costco, a movie, and maybe stop by Ross to get a handkerchief to cry in when remembering how good the 90's really were.
2	Ok, so I shop at Christown mall sometimes.  Or is it Spectrum mall?  Does it really matter?  I admit, I've heard a lot of different things about this place, but it wasn't until I actually moved North of this place that I started coming here on a regular basis to run errands and get stuff done. Lets be honest, of course there's other places to shop in town, but I think it's also fair to say that this place will never be Scottsdale Fashion Square, but then again, not everything will be.The pros:I think their trying to make this place better.  There's a really nice Target, movie theatre, Costco and a few other shops that seem to have brought a cleaner, nicer environment to being here and a few places to eat in and out of the mall that are a okay.  There's nothing fancy about this place, but there's enough of a draw that I find myself here weekly running errands.Yes, it's a weird mall, (and I really don't consider it a mall, as more of a shopping center, but hey, that's just me)The Cons:I think the weakness is the few stores inside the mall that seem chinsy and the dirty wall mart that make it sad.  Like I said, its all about perspective here.  (never gonna be a Scottsdale fashion square) but its a heck of a lot better then shopping at Metro Center.  (and their trying to bring business back in, at least in the outer circle not the inside of the mall itself.It's not that I'm to good for some places, but it's a real weak stream of small places that seem more geared to a crowd of teenagers, but hey, that's just me.  I know s this mall only has so much potential, but I feel like some of the random stores between Costco and Wal-Mart really don't appeal to most people.I still come here for the big box stores and a few others, but this place is a solid 2 stars, sometimes 3 depending on what kind of experience I have that day. I also like that the Costco food court is open to anyone and located outside of the store in the food court area versus inside the store where you have to be a member to eat there.  Big bonus points for that alone.....
3	Not a horrible mall but there's nothing here for me. Quite small. Only a few food places- better to eat at one of the places outside or at the Costco food area. Stay away from South China express, see my review for those clowns. It's a decent enough place if you like shoes. Hahaha. They do have some clothing stores, a wingstop, and even a massage area... but I did notice that the dude giving massages for whatever reason could not put his phone down. He was giving a massage to a woman with one arm, and holding his phone in another... ummm okaaay.
1	Christown went through a phase of cute and appealing revival a couple years back. It was fully tenanted, and it was a fun, if quirky, working-class discount mall with diverse customers and the convenience of having both a Walmart and a Target AND being on the light rail line.It has now become a cesspit.Vacancies are up, and stores are being replaced by more obscure stores. It's now considered okay for the teenage shop clerks to heckle passing grown-up shoppers, and mall security thinks this is funny. Adding to the ambiance of decay, the air conditioning wasn't keeping up with the traffic, so it was at least 85 degrees in the mall interior.If you're west of Central and want a mall, Metro Center is cleaner, neater, and politer, while Desert Sky has a far better selection of Hispanic-themed stores (and is also cleaner, neater, and politer). Either also has a parking lot with a less kill-or-be-killed layout.
2	2.5 StarsThis is still Christown to me.  This is the second time I've been here since the Costco moved it.  I really don't have any stores that will attract me to this mall and if your anchor is Walmart I'm not impressed.  I can go into JC Penny's without entering this mall.  Unfortunately cannot say the same to get into Costco.  You can probably find everything you need at Super Target that are on the same grounds but are not physically connected.  There are much nicer malls you can go to instead of this one in every direction but south.
3	I just can't consider this a mall.  More of a shopping center.  I remember when it was Christown and the changes it went through.  I have never seen a "nice" Walmart.  That is where all the "questionable" customers come in.  If they didn't have the Walmart, the shopping center would be a nicer place.  Anyway I go for Costco, Costco Gas, Target and Ross.  Haven't tried the Harkins yet.  I have always felt comfortable shopping here.  Then again I don't go anywhere near Walmart. Glad it is on the other side of the shopping center.
3	I like it here.  I've checked into this place more than a few times because it has the Costco, Target, Walmart and Ross all in the same place.  The plaza is super ratchet, no doubt, but where else are you going find all these stores in one spot?  If you can get past the gang of pigeons eating a thrown out hot dog bun in the parking lot, then check this mall out some time.
2	At one time was the premier shopping mall in Phoenix. Within the last 10 years has struggled to attract people to the mall.The first rebuilding move was bringing in Costco and then Walmart and then the Super Target. The Costco food court is part of the mall where you do not need a Costco membership to eat at.The surrounding neighborhood has changed to more of minority population .Overall the mall has revitalized very well but not too the prime mall that it used to be
