1	I was walking around the Strip, hungry and tired. I didn't feel like dealing with the crowds in the cavernous casinos in search of cheap eats.Mexican came to mind - I would have settled for a chain restaurant like La Salsa but I just couldn't look anymore. So I headed over to the Fashion Show Mall food court - the choice of restaurants weren't that great, but decided to try Taco Maker.I was a little bit skeptical to give it a try, but I was hungry.I got the veggie version of the special, which consisted of nachos with melted cheese, a burrito with enchilada sauce on top, and a taco.The food was eh - it did the job of filling me up, but it left me realizing that eating burritos outside of San Francisco can be... disappointing.
4	why eat the same old sbarro pizza, wendys, kfc, or any other fast food chains at the fashion show mall when you could eat that anywhere else??? Taco Maker is the perfect place to satisfy the munchies for mexican food. GREAT food, high quality ingredients you can actually taste not like taco bell or del taco where the food is cheap and unhealthy. Taco Maker is NOT like those other fast food mexican chains because they use fresh products and the chips/hardshell tacos are made daily and not kept in storage like those other places. All the meats are delicious and there is a wide variety. Management has changed recently so the quality is much better than it was before. HIGHLY recommend if your ever at the Fashion Show Mall Foodcourt.
5	Thank you for the $5.99 mega burritos. Kept me full everyday.
1	Terrible. Flavorless. Disappointing. These are the words that come to mind when I think of our "meal" at Taco Maker. We stopped after walking the strip during the craziness of March Madness weekend and just wanted a temporary reprieve -- an easy meal and some peace and quiet. We stopped by the Fashion Show Mall - which looked pretty fancy - and saw the food court. Even though there was hardly anyone in the food court, we wondered, how bad can it be?The answer: really bad. We picked out poison: Taco Maker. It looked promising. We got veggie nachos and a veggie burrito. The person making it nachos barely put any cheese on it (and they first wanted to go cheese sauce on me) and thus it was disgustingly bland. The veggie burrito looked promising, but it had no taste (especially of course for the plentiful taste of salt). 0 for 2. We left the mall feeling disappointed, unsatisfied, and, of course, extremely gassy. They really should rename Taco Maker to Fart Maker. Steer clear.
2	This place seriously reminded me of taco bell. The last thing I want to be reminded of is another fast food experience. Uuuuggghhhh, I'll give it the benefit of a doubt that it might of been what I ordered (beef burrito). But I just can't see myself eating here again knowing that there is other places to choose at this food court. What I paid for wasn't what it was worth either, I'll be quite honest here, I probably would rather eat at Taco Bell.
4	On the strip, and inexpensive as well as good.  Go for the specials.  One of the better values you will find in the area.
1	FOOD POISONING!!  It tasted good going down, not so good coming up and out.  Ruined my Christmas trip to Vegas.  I will forever spread the word to not eat there.
4	One of my favorite places to eat, in the mall. They offer a great deal with the Daily Special, however it doesn't qualify for the mall employee discount. The owner is a very nice lady!They offer great customer service, fresh, good food!I love their rice!!!It's the Mexican food place to eat at in the mall!
4	This place was a lot better than I expected. Not too sure if it was because I was craving nachos, but they were delicious. I ordered the beef nacho plate and a drink. The lady preparing it made it look so good that the man behind me added a plate onto his order. Nachos usually look pretty messy and are a pain to eat but these were good. Chips stayed crunchy, the meat wasn't oily, and they were very generous with the other toppings. The lady who rung me up was a different from the lady who made my food. The woman running the register looked like she owned the place and was very friendly. As far as fast food mexican places go, this one was pretty good. Too bad this food court isn't in the middle of the mall. It was a long walk from my car.
1	I ate here and had the worst stomach cramps after. Literally ruined my night! I thought I was going to have this shits!The food is highly over priced and not good at all. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito. How hard is it to mess that up?!? If you want Mexican food, you're better off going to Taco Bell than this nasty place. If you're like looking to get a terrible stomach ache, then by all means go to Taco Maker!
