5	I originally went to see Dr. Chris on recommendation from a personal trainer that I was working with.  I was suffering from what can only be described as severe exhaustion.  On top of working full time, I was also weight training and training in mixed martial arts.  My exhaustion did not appear to  be caused by the level of activity as when I eliminated workouts from my routine for a few weeks, the exhaustion actually got worse.After my initial consultation and a few visits, I began to feel my energy come back.  Dr. Chris and his staff got things back on track for me.  Now almost 2 years later I am training full time in mixed martial arts and I still make occasional visits to the office to keep myself in top shape.  Without Dr. Chris and his staff I do not know how my health would be today, but I can assure you I would not be living or training and competing with the high level of health and energy that I do day in and day out.
2	I went to Dr. Serafini for severe back pain. They were fast in getting me in, and definitely polite at the front desk. However, the techniques Dr. Serafini used were painful and led to more pain afterwards. I didn't expect 100% improvement, but I did expect something other than more pain. I was also concerned that after several  visits, I still wasn't provided with any information from them (despite being told I would)  about whether or not they were able to take my insurance plan.  However, I was clearly told that I would be needing chiropractic care for the rest of my life. All the while I was thinking, "Can't we take this one step at a time." First, tell me specifically what you'll do for the problem that I'm currently dealing with. Provide me with the specifics of how much I'll be paying. And, then after that, we can talk about future plans. There was an odd vibe of fast talking that made me feel uncomfortable.When I called to politely cancel further appointments, I received a call back and was told that I didn't "understand" how chiropractic care works. Perhaps.But, what I do understand is that I was there to get better. I needed to know what the financial commitment would be, and that I have the right to discontinue treatment for any reason without being spoken to in a condescending tone.
5	Even though I don't live in AZ anymore, I always go see Dr. Serafini when I'm in town. In fact, he's the only chiropractor I will see! He is professional and courteous, and most importantly, he knows how to get my body feeling good again. I'm glad I have found such an excellent chiropractor who I can depend on!!
5	I have been so pleased with my care here. I've been walking around with pain for many years and have seen many chiropractors and nobody has seemed to help. I'm only half way through my services and I'm able to finally get out of bed pain free and do things now that seemed to have previously bothered me. I'm so grateful for finding my new home.
