4	I have driven past this place 100 times, and, usually when I am in the Strip, I have plenty of favorite street vendors to hit if I am hungry while walking around, but the recent review in the City Paper gave me the poke to finally check it out.This place may look plain from the outside, but the food is great!  The portions are so big that we didn't try many things, but I hope to go back soon.  We each got a pulled pork sandwich that, at $5, was a good value - it was really big!  The sauce is delicious, the meat tasty, and you can even sit outside on the picnic tables on nice days, by the huge grill where the magic happens.We selected the mac and cheese for our side, but there are several to choose from, though it may be hard for me to break the macaroni habit, as it was also tasty, and a good complement to the sweet, spicy BBQ sauce.Though we ate in, you could also take out or, I think, have your food delivered, too.
5	Want to go, because of the GREAT ATTITUDE and GREAT STORY I saw this morning on CBS Early about Big Mama's House of Soul. She one me over as a woman of God who's overcome many obstacles, but they've strengthened her, rather than weakening her. I hope the foods as good as her attitude. HeyWhatEver will definitely send a WhatEversFOOD Critique her way, to follow up on this great contact.Kevin ROCK ReissHeyWhatEver Founderhttp://heywhatever.info1-877-HEY-WHAT
4	This place may look like a dive, but it definetely serves up some great bbq.  My friends and I were visiting from out of town and thought this place was too interesting to pass up.  It calls itself soul food bbq, its got this bright gaudy yellow wall.  As we walked by though, I saw a huge drum grill being manned in the back, so I knew this place had to be authentic.The entrance of the restaurant is actually on the side, so we walked in and were greeted by Big Mama and her son(i think).  They were definetely friendly and willing to chat with anyone who stops in.  Since we had just eaten a large breakfast, we decided to split a pulled pork sandwich.  I asked him how long they cooked the pulled pork, and he responded "forever."  Good humor, but not the answer i was looking for.  He did say though, their homemade bbq sauce uses the pork fat drippings from cooking the pulled pork...yummmy.The sandwich is only $5 and comes plain.  They definetely piled high the bun with pork.  The pork wasn't the most tender, but the sauce was very unique.  It had a slight kick to it and had a slight citrus taste to it.  I imagine if you combined regular sweet BBQ sauce with chinese spicy orange chicken sauce, you would get something similar.  Overall pretty good.  This place has some local charm to it.  Stop in, have a chat with big mama, and enjoy the home cooked bbq.
4	Big Mama's House of Soul offers pretty good BBQ.  Their St. Louis cut ribs slathered in a unique sauce were tender with just a small amount of gristle.  I ordered an entire rack and was expecting it to come as two half racks; it came as individual ribs.  They were easily a notch above ribs served at chain restaurants such as TGI Fridays or Rock Bottom.  The potato salad is to die for.  The collard greens were on the salty side, but cooked well.  The yams delicious, but near the end the sweetness got to my mouth.  The portions are pretty sweet.  Its name is also pretty sweet.Be advised: there is currently no indoor seating as it is a takeout / delivery place.  There are picnic benches outside where my companions and I ate, but it was October and quite windy and chilly at the time.
3	I promise to go back because people seem to like it but when I went it was kind of underwhelming. I got bbq chicken and it was dry and not that great. presumably the ribs are better but they were out of them. that to me is a problem. I'll play though. If your ribs are so amazing that they consistently sell out(I've stopped by twice and it's been the case both times). maybe you deserve more than three stars. we shall see.
