3	I tried Jersey Mike's today. The reuben I ordered was on a hoagie style roll rather than regular rye bread.  While a different presentation than expected the sandwich was good.  The sandwich was  otherwise not noteworthy.Service was a little slow but acceptable. If you are in the neighborhood and need a sandwich Jersey Mike's will come through for you.If looking for a great deli experience this is not the place for you.
4	My wife and I stopped by for our first visit.  Wow is this place great.  We were met with a welcome as soon as  we stepped through the door.  We had the Reuben  and it was great.  We were impressed with the food and the service.  Being newbies we were given a free cookie!  The manager brought us some of their BBQ beef to try after our meal.  They roast the beef every day on site.  This place is great.  We will be back soon.
4	I ordered the "Original Italian"- provolone, ham, prosciutto, cappacuolo, salami, pepperoni! I was really good, staff was really helpful and the place was spotless! I suggest you get their red pepper relish on ANY sandwich.  It was SO good! I will be going back really soon!
4	Good sandwiches and friendly staff. No negative experiences or feedback here.
4	I like Jersey Mike's - they are able to make a sandwich quickly, and still slice it to order.  They're very accommodating and friendly, and know their menu well.  The food is good, portions are good, and appropriately priced.  My wife is from New Jersey, and says they're the real deal, just like she had way back when.Very good, very reliable.  Try it!
4	If there's anything to be said about Jersey Mike's, it's that the food is always fresh, delicious, and just the right amount.  My go to is the #8.  Whatever you end up getting - turkey, ham, salami, (definitely try the prosciutto); the meat is light, fresh, tasty, and doesn't leave that heavy feeling in the pit of your stomach.  White/wheat bread for the base, and then get it Mike's Way! for all the fixin's and oil & vinegar.  Hits the spot everytime, and at $6-8 it ain't cheap as far as subs go, but Jersey Mike's definitely has its own niche in subs.
5	So delicious, the boyf. introduced me to this place
3	I was anxious to try the Ruben because I love Togo's pastrami Ruben. Upon entering the staff was super friendly. The next thing I noticed was the price. It was a little steep. Just under $7 bucks for the regular and almost $12 for the big one. They should have something in between. They warmed up the pastrami on the grill and melted the Swiss then loaded it onto the roll. I noticed that they actually slice the cheese fresh which is impressive. I was pretty disappointed in the sandwich. The pastrami had little taste and the bred was kind of overwhelmingly dry. My son had the same thing and definitely agreed. Not only was the taste lacking but he was still hungry since I just got him a regular. I'm not a subway fan, but considering the cost and taste I would go there over here. I doubt we will be going back.
5	I was a big Subway fan, until I tried Jersey Mikes, I eat here at least once a week...
5	I'm from Delaware and have always missed having the amazing Italian subs that you just can't get in Arizona. But jersey Mikes comes so close. Their prosciutinni and capicola give the subs an authentic east coast taste. I love the # 13. Give this place a try if you miss the subs from back east.
3	I really wanted to love this place because the service was outstanding.  I like that they have a fun selection of sandwiches both hot and cold.  I like that they slice the meat and cheese when you order it instead of having it pre sliced in plastic bins.  I am a vegetarian and the employee even went to the back to slice my cheese on a clean slicer.  It was our first time visiting and they gave us 3 cookies free.  I have to say the peanut butter cookie was my favorite part of the meal.  It was seriously delicious.  There are only really 2 vegetarian options - a cheese and green bell pepper cold sandwich and the same thing basically warmed with cooked veggies.  And you could get it rolled in a wrap instead of on a sub.  I am not a fan of green bell peppers so I was not thrilled off the bat with my choices.  They also have very few sandwich toppings so I couldn't even "beef" up the sandwich with things like cucumber, sprouts, avocado, etc.  I sadly don't think I will be back and I was hoping there was finally a restaurant on this corner that I would enjoy.  :(
5	I love this place!!  The bread is nice and soft, meat delicious, fresh toppings.  They slice the meat fresh right before you eyes for your sandwich.  It's actually fun.  The employees are fun and friendly. If you ask to sample something they will gladly cut you a slice. I like to try all the sandwiches and haven't been disappointed yet.  I usually get a regular with everything on it and save half for lunch the next day.  Sometimes the line is long, but they are very efficient in servicing the customers.
4	It was my first time there, both girls were very friendly and helpful!food was good, but service ranks higher with me! and they were great! We will be returning!
4	Had the club for lunch and it was very good. Bread and all the other ingredients seemed very fresh and quality. Great lunch place , decently priced.
5	Thanks for bringing coupons and cookies by our office.  This is a review to let you know I used them and got me into the restaurant.  Very good sandwich as always.  My favorite is the California club.  Avocado bacon and turkey.  Everyone will be using them to come get a sandwich. Thanks!
5	Every time I go into this place they always have fresh bread and are always stocked up on delicious toppings and deserts. A plus about this place as well is they have Pepsi products! The service here is amazing as well they are always ready to serve customers with a smile on there face. This is a must stop sub place!
5	Everytime i go eat here it's a great day for me Food is great Workers are friendlyIf you are hungry you are at the place for it
