2	So I am helping my boyfriend repaint his whole house. We go to this Home Depot and buy tons on paint, brushes and rollers - we spend like 45 minutes wondering around and when it comes time to check out there is no one around to check us out. There is a huge line of 10-15 people waiting to use the self checkout terminals with "please wait for assistance" being repeated at each one at least once. There is only one guy working the booth and he is dealing with a purchase. The frustrating part is while we were wondering around the store earlier I saw about 4 or 5 employees just kicking it in the light department just talking it up; and even waiting in line there were about 2 or 3 employees just standing around watching the line. The least management could have done was open a register and speed up the check out line, even if they did it for just a few minutes it would have been a huge help! The reason why this isn't getting the lowest rating is because the guy at the paint counter (the only guy at the paint counter) was very nice.
2	The wood saw is always out of service...The garden department is nice, but the staff is a little strange.This location never seems to be busy, so check out times are short. The prices are higher than "another" home improvement store just east on Baseline.Meh.
3	In a convient location for me between work and home.   Store is easy to get around, and find whatever you are looking for.  The store staff seems to be helpful the times I have came in.  I prefer the home depot up the road off of ray just because the staff is more knowledgeable, and have been more helpful to myself.
4	Went here to get a grill that was on sale for labor day...hollar for a $99 gas grill!  We asked for help and right away someone helped us get the grill we wanted and helped us get it into our car!  Ben, the associate helping us, was really nice and a great customer service person.  They even had someone right away help us get our full tank of propane!  Good job Home Depot!
5	I'm usually a Lowe's shopper, because they're closest & I have often found the customer service at various Home Depots around the Valley to be to be weak when I shopped there.  Today though, I wanted to compare a couple of items that I was shopping for, & I stopped into this one.I was very impressed by the friendliness & professionalism of all three associates that I dealt with, & they had an equivalent to my $99 Lowe's item here, marked down to $49!  Wow!  (Prices are comparable to Lowe's overall.)I was very impressed by this Home Depot!     :-))
4	As far as Home Depots go this place is not too bad. Since i work in the industry i have to come to these type of places a lot. Great return policy,yes i save my receipts.    It is a really good location for me. Lots of parking and i perfer to go in the morning when it is not so busy.  They carry almost everything you could use for building and fixing. The store is clean and well put together.                                         My only complaint is that a lot of the bulding supplys are from China which sorry to say equals poor quaility. Yes, a good price ,but not such good stuff.
4	I am so DONE with Lowe's.  Lowe's happens to be the closest home improvement store to my house.  I used to go their first because of the convenience.  But I noticed that I was leaving empty handed, then driving two miles further to HD and finding exactly what I needed.  HD has a better version of what I'm looking for at an equal or better price than Lowe's.  Also, you're more likely to find a knowledgable employee in HD than in Lowe's.  So many times I received incorrect info from Lowe's because the clerk just did not know what they were talking about.
1	Let me start by saying the people there are very nice, but honestly,  Home Depot, your installation prices are outrageous.  I am an interior designer and $15/sf for tile + installation when the tile itself only costs $1.88/sf is completely insane.  I will never ever use them for installation, I could have granite installed on my floor for less than your cheap-o ceramic.
5	I have been looking into getting a new front door and security screen replaced at my house and I ended up talking to Aarron who was so helpful! He told me the basics and informed me of all the different types of door from the simple ones to a nicer ones. He told me that a person can come out for a free estimate and see if there are any special requirements that my door would need. I sat down with him and he was the friendliest associate I have ever met! I actually went to Lowes to talk to another man about quotes on a door, but Aarron seemed like he knew his stuff and what the best options would be. Being a first time homebuyer, these things can become a little overwhelming! Never know where to start or who actually has the best pricing. While talking about doors, I told Aarron I also needed new windows, but I didn't want to make two big purchases. He told me that this guy named Rick can come out and do an estimate on my windows and that quote would be good for another 6 months. Aarron made it sound so simple and didn't feel like I wasn't getting pressured into anything that I wasn't interested in or he needed to sell me things I didn't need to purchase. He made me feel quite comfortable with the whole process! Rick came to my house the next day to take measurement of all my windows. He was a very nice man and knowledgeable of his products. It seemed like such a quick and fast process. He told me the price of the windows and I thought it was going to be more expensive than the quote I got from this other window shop in PHX. Yes, I try and support local shops, but also try to get the best deal where ever I can. The quote Rick gave me was about almost $220 cheaper, plus Home Depot was super responsive about coming out and giving me a quote rather than the other guys who just gave me a rough estimate over email. It definitely felt a lot more personable. In the end, I ended up purchasing the windows through Rick and will keep an updated review on how the rest of the process goes! I have the people coming out for the door tomorrow. If you need new windows and doors installed in your house, go talk to Aarron! He was such a great help and makes you feel at ease! Rick will make this a quick and easy process at home! Thanks for all your help!
5	I have come here twice now when I've needed help with a project at work. I tell the guys what I'm trying to do and thy walk around finding stuff for you until you solve the problem. They are so nice and super helpful and make the trip a lot faster and more effective!! Thank you Home Depot guys!!
5	Excellent customer service. The young lady who helped me when I had to return some garage lights (bought T12 ballasts, wanted T8's) was awesome and extremely helpful, going above and beyond to make sure I got what I needed.
