5	Opening Night.Drinks are good. Ya you can get the usual stuff, but the real difference here are the specialty drinks. It's worth the time to order something of the light up bar menus. I can't recall any of the names but I had the bartender make 3 different ones for myself and friends. All good, and the muddled fruit was a great addition to the flavor.They were giving out roses to women as they entered on opening night, nice touch. The music was low enough you could here the buzz of the entire lounge talking which was pretty unique. I didn't have to yell to talk to my friends. Cocktail waitresses in pink dresses and white pearls, classy and sexy.All in all, it appears to be a well thought out place. I'll be sure to update this in the future if my opinion changes.
1	After reading newspaper rave reviews- I thought we would check it out for a potential Bachelorette Party.  Checked the newspaper and website for hours-and made a VIP reservation on-line.  Got an auto response that someone would follow-up with me- they never did- until I made a SECOND VIP reservation that night.  Write up in the paper described heading in with the girlfriends for happy hour on the way home from work from 5-7.  We arrived a little before 6:30 to find the place locked up and dark.  I called their number and was told they would open at 8.  We sauntered around downtown and returned a little after 8-staff were there-setting up.  We were told they would open at 9.  So, we went to another bar nearby to wait.  We returned at 9:00, and they were still setting up, didn't have our reservation.  The person whom took my reservation escorted us in and offered us a drink and said he would be back to show us our table- then disappeared.  The staff were still busy setting up, and we stood at the bar for about 35 minutes sipping our drink.  Ryan never came back- and staff basically ignored us.  The greaters never welcomed us or presented us with a rose as described in their website.  The venue is labeled as a lounge.  It is not!  It is a night club with flashing lights, DJ and loud music.  A lounge is a place where you can sit back and have a conversation at a normal level with your group/table without yelling in their ears so they can hear you.Our experience was so bad, we will never return, and will tell everyone we know not to go.
5	Loved this place! Some friends and I got a table last weekend for a girls night out and had a blast! We were greeted right when we got there, taken right to our table, and our server was amazing! She was on top of everything all night and made sure we never had to ask for anything. She even surprised us with a couple rounds of one of their signature shots for everyone to get the night started right!The DJ was great! Such a perfect mix with a large variety of songs. We were dancing all night! The crowd was another plus. Definitely a cool, good-looking crowd just ready for a fun night. They were also super accommodating when our small girls night ended up turning into a crowd of about 15-20 people when some of our friends met up with us later. They were let right in and led immediately to our table. On top of the amazing drinks, the great music, and impeccable service the decor was awesome! I loved all the couture and high-fashion glossy photos on the walls. It created a cool vibe and atmosphere. I also love how they have special packages for the ladies :)...because everyone knows that lots of hot girls attract lots of hot guys! I'll definitely be back to Dollhouse soon!
5	Awesome place. Was just here last night and the DJ and staff were great. The bathrooms are clean and nice (unlike Smashboxx--gross) and the entire atmosphere is a little more upscale . People still dance, and it does feel more like a club than a lounge, but it's a great mix. Drinks were good, service was fast. It was pretty quiet at 10:30PM but became busier as the night went on. My friends and I shuffled back and forth between Dollhouse and Smashboxx--I definitely prefer Dollhouse. Smashboxx is great when you are looking to get dirty and sweaty dancing, Dollhouse is better if you're looking to not be a hot mess at the end of the night.
4	This is a good place for a night out and great for a girls' night out. I like it way better than when the space was the Crown Room. They remodeled a bit, changing the decor and the layout. It's has good music, great drinks and has the same crowd that would be going to Smashboxx. I say that because we saw a lot of the same people there we saw at Smashboxx. Haven't had any of their specialty cocktails. I wasn't even aware of them when I went. It was a bit loud and more a club than a lounge in my opinion. I'll have to make it a point to get one next time. The staff was awesome and the service was really good. I suggest this place every time I go out now with the friends.
5	I spent New Year's Eve here with friends at a table. Bottle service was amazing (thanks Emi!) I'm sure all the servers are great but request Emi if you can, she is so sweet and makes great drinks (doesn't skimp on the Ketel and is fast if you need anything else).The bathrooms are clean and the line isn't usually very long -- if there is one. There was only a slight line for New Year's Eve so that should tell you something. Go to Dollhouse, have some Red Bull / Ketel and enjoy the beautiful club with awesome music.
4	Dollhouse is the old Crown Room. Many people who used to go to Crown Room are not happy about the "upgrade." With that said, I never went to Crown Room so I can't judge.My initial Scottsdale club review is that this club is kind of weird. When I walk in I feel like it is... too bright. As in, the dance floor is too bright. Maybe this is why I've only seen a very small amount of dancing here - people feel conscious.I can't judge on the tables or the table service. They look cool but I've never been a table type person.Outside is cool and there is almost never a line unlike the nearby Mint, Smashboxx, and El Jefe. The prices of drinks seem about average for Scottsdale.... but maybe a little on the high side (not as high as Axis-Radius, which IMHO is very expensive club drinks). Volume is lower than a dance club (Smashboxx) but higher than a lounge (Suede), so if that matters to you (and your date) you can take notice. With that said, I do like it's location. It is pretty centrally located with it being about half way between American Junkie and Myst. This makes it an awesome spot to stop by on the way when you are club hopping.Overall, the club is fairly decent for what it seems to fulfill - a club that has pretty good music but isn't jam packed like a dance club. It seems better suited to get a birthday party together and get bottle service and get crazy with your friends at a table versus going and dancing... This seems to be echoed in other reviews.
4	The place is small but both times I have been there I have had a good time. The place gets a bit too packed because of how small it is, but I mostly kicked it outside and enjoyed myself. The wait staff and bouncers are all pretty cool. Not a bad stop on a Saturday night.
3	The reincarnation of the Crown Room has become a ladies night out spot. The space itself never changed but the layout has. The moment you walk into the little sister club/lounge of Smashboxx, you basically walk into a crowd. There's a non-existent dance floor, and you notice VIP tables surrounding the only open space of Dollhouse. The bar is to your immediate left with a corner booth area. To sum it up it's a small venue that's made even smaller because of the over abundance of "tables", the large crowd it attracts and the blue lights don't help either. lol. For the claustrophobic, walking out to the patio would help alleviate your fears altho the patio is not exactly that large either but makes for a great place to scout out the line as well  as people watch in general. Drink prices are decent, they had a yummy white wine that was delicious. =) Bathrooms in the back, and because it's such a tiny lounge, there will be a line, and for guys there are urinals further into the bathroom area after the vanities in a corner, it's a tight squeeze and not in a sexy way. =P Overall, music's decent, and a good place to stop by during an old town outing or in our case getting bored at the Mint.
4	This weekend was my first visit to Dollhouse and to a Scottsdale club in a really long time.  So I'm not really sure how much my opinion really matters.I came here when it used to be Crown.  I didn't have a problem at all with Crown, but Dollhouse seemed like it had a little more energy.  There were plenty of people dancing and the staff are polite enough.  The drinks weren't bad at all.  I would definitely go back.
5	Free entry always a plus! especially for the guys..My friends and I hung out in front of the DJ booth.  One of my girls was dancing on top of the platform trying to get the DJ's attention (for fun).  He kept looking and smiling, too.  It was hilarious.  Too bad they don't let you carry your drink up top.  We got kicked off if we held our drink and my friend kept trying to bring her drink up.Some workers passed out glow sticks during the night.  I love those.  They're fun to use when you're fist-pumping to music.This place is cooler than the other places we had went to, but it was still hot.  Everyone who was having a good time (dancing) was sweating. I had one guy approach me and try to dance with me with his drenched shirt on.  So gross!  I just smiled and took a picture of him.  It was all smiles.We ended up staying until the place closed and kicked us out, and of course, when the music stopped playing.  What was awesome was that the DJ stopped the music and started packing his stuff.  Then minutes later, he comes back and place a few more songs.  A plus for the bachelorette and bday parties in the house...
3	What the shit is this? How does Dollhouse have 4.5 stars? Did everyone write these reviews as they were coming down from their molly high? This place is a just condensed version of it's big sister Smashboxx next door. I'm giving it 3 stars because I've been here a few times and Yelp considers me a regular, obviously I tolerate it enough to come back. HOWEVER, I will say that it's never me who wants to come here. I'm usually just tagging along with friends. It's not like I immediately jump up, raise my hand and say "hey guys! I have a great idea! Let's go to Dollhouse and dance in a dark room with strobe lights so people who are rollin balls can rub up against us!". Nope. Not the case. I'm usually already wasted and ready to party when I get the cue to head over. And once it was because a few guy friends had a table. YES! My own space to dance on booths and get rowdy. The table we had was in the corner which was a definite score, but there wasn't very much airflow in the corner, we were sweating our faces off. Hopefully since it's cooler now, that place can work on cranking the AC up. A few questions to ask yourself before you come hereDo you like house music? Do you like skanky whores/Scottsdale douchers?  Do you plan on blacking the eff out and making bad life decisions?If you answered yes to any of those 3 questions, you should go to Dollhouse. I hate it, but when I'm wastey face and lookin to shake the money maker, I suppose this is a good choice.
2	I really liked the lighting in this place really wasn't a fan of the music which was main stream rap not to mention this club was really small it was like a club in a living room.
4	It's a little small but is fun.. Not something I would go every weekend too but with the right crowd it's fun.
3	Was here from about 8pm to 11pm on Saturday night for an event. It is a small rectangular venue with a dance floor and a small stage. Nobody had any attitudes at the door probably because it was so early and this was a pre-arranged event to fill the place. It seems like a place that will be clubby later at night, but there were plenty of bachorlette parties on hand early and everyone over 40 cleared out after 10pm. It's pretty crazy down here late at night and its a good thing I arrived at 8pm because there would have been like a 3 mile walk to find parking as the evening got later. I liked the lighting also at the Dollhouse, it was a strange light because it exposed many of the women's overuse of makeup. When those lights shone on some women's faces, you could see all the makeup slathered on their faces. It was a new way of picking and choosing who us guys wanted to chat with: elimination by makeup!
4	One of the busier places in old town on Monday nights. I avoid Dollhouse on the weekends, but it's fun on Monday nights. I liked it better as crown room btw.
1	I am not impressed at all with this place! I have been there a few times but was there last week and there was about 10 people in the bar-it was early.  The bartender asked for a credit card to hold are tab (expected) and when we went to close out to move to the next place they had no idea where are credit card was....either someone thought they would pull a fast one on us and get a nice VISA two weeks before the holidays (it happens all the time around the holidays!!!) or this place has a serious problem with keeping credit cards in order when there is only TEN people in the bar and can't keep them straight!! The two managers came over to appologize and tried to look for it for about 30 minutes while we all stood around and watched. Not once did they offer to buy anyone a drink-it was just sorry you should probably cancel your card and took no responsibility for their lack of organization in a bar that is one of the smallest in old town and the slowest!!! No plans to return and you should probably be careful if you hand them your credit card! I understand accidents  happen but really with 10 people in the bar you can't keep tabs straight...hate to see how this places runs a buisness when they are busy~!
4	Cool atmosphere. Love the decor and servers outfits. Its a bit small and the drinks are quite pricey, but I think that is the norm for that area. Busy on a Sat night, but not too loud when I was there. Great for people watching and mingling.
3	This place has been named a million different things.  This place is eehhhh on a really liberal scale.  Not much room to sit and drinks are mediocre at best.  The crowd is older and definitely the "Ed Hardy" type.  Dance music and not much entertainment, so be in a good mood and provide your own good time.
4	This place is small, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in quality fun.  We've been here a few times on Sat night.  The music is always good and the people watching is even better.  If you decide to come check it out, I recommend getting a VIP section because this place gets packed like sardines.  They're all a little bit elevated from the main floor and spacious.  There's plenty of room and the vantage point is perfect.If I was 10 yrs younger, I'd be here more often.Return Factor - 90%
