4	This place is disgusting!  Stay far far (so that it's all mine...mwa ha ha haaa....) away!  Disregard my four stars!IMO, soul food can be really really good, or it can be really really bad.  With a little coaxing from a co-worker, we decided to go head over there to decide once and for all.The menu is a little confusing, but if you go with a veteran or ask, it starts to make some sense.  There's all sorts of things that look tempting, but for my first try, I go with the southern fried chicken with mac and cheese and fried corn.  One of the gals with me gets the smothered pork chop....and loves every bite of it.  Not bad...On my second visit, I've now tried the Grandma's Gumbo.  I wish I had gotten that the first time....Grandma sure knew what she was doing.  Even my Louisiana friend who tried a bite was swooning.The Gumbo is a nice rich broth and sneakily hides all of its goodies within.  As you start to stir the gumbo around, you start to see big gigantic chunks of shrimp (perfectly cooked), spicy sausage, actual crab legs (claw parts too, not just the stick legs that would embarrass any self respecting crab), and the flavors just meld together so well.  All this is served on the gooeyest rice ever.  Absolute delishisness!But I'm not here to talk about the Gumbo, for there is yet another tempting treat that I've so far gotten five people hooked to.This disgustingly yummy treat goes by the name of Peach Cobbler.  It's a cobbler like no other I've ever had.  Not to mention the creamy scoop of vanilla ice cream you can get with it.The only thing holding me back from tacking on five stars is that it is a little pricey for some items, but then again, it's not fast food.  Also, wait for your food is a little strange, especially when you're with a party.  Not everyone's dishes come out all at once.  Great all around comfort food in a comfy setting.  It's a nice getaway from the job, that's for sure.
5	Wow, I usually dont write reviews, I just read up to see where is a good place to eat. This place is amazing and definetly needing more positive reviews. Tucked away in a corner of a strip mall this place has amazing southern food. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly seasoned and delicious. My wife had fried chicken, which was very juicy and the batter was perfect. I had the pork chop which was not just one pork chop, but TWO huge porkchops smothered in gravy.  The fried okra is the way okra is supposed to taste crunchy and yummy. Usually I had to settle for Cracker Barrel for okra(which wasnt that great), but now I know where to go for comfort food. The menu has a big variety not just fried food. They had baked spaghetti, po' boys, chicken, pork. The dessert's are all made from scratch, we had the peach cobbler and it was to die for.
3	I'm a huge fan of Southern/Cajun/Creole/Soul food and I really thought that this restaurant missed the mark a little bit and I was especially disappointed because it is not far from my house.It's a not too busy restaurant in a strip mall that seems to possibly be family owned.  I ordered the gumbo, but they were all out so I went with the crispy catfish with a side of macaroni and cheese.  My husband ordered the fried chicken with potato salad and coleslaw.  While we waited, we were brought some cinnamon biscuits that were pretty tasty.  His was definitely the standout order.  The fried chicken was very good and I would go back to order it.  He said the potato salad and coleslaw were fantastic.  My catfish was so-so and the macaroni and cheese was dry, as if it was baked a lot earlier in the day.  The sweet tea was very good and I savored every drop.  I decided to end the meal with some good ol' peach cobbler.  The crust was very good, but I was super disappointed to find canned peaches as the filling.  I really thought for a small, independent restaurant there would be fresh peaches.  Bummer.I'll go back again, but I'll either give the gumbo a shot or stick to the fried chicken.  I am interested to try the fried green tomatoes though.  Bottom line: a good, not great dining experience for the soul food craving.
3	We went and the food was pretty good with the pork chops I had (thou they were out of several things that we attempted to order) the service was pretty good as well.Unfortunately they had some chic (name escapes me) "singing" in this little place and made it almost impossible to have a conversation with the 3 of us.  We would probably go back, but the music was a huge turn off.
