4	Kennedy Tavern is one of the stops I must make every time I am at the District. Every time I go in I feel like I have been transplanted back to the sleek/retro bars I used to frequent on Sunset Blvd. It has a very relaxing laid-back vibe that I love. I usually sit and dine in the bar. Bartenders are great and can mix quite a cocktail. My fav. is the Midnight Martini which has my favorite vodka (Effen Black Cherry) mixed with pomegranate schnapps and bit of sweet and sour.....The nectar of the gods!!The food is tasty too!! I recommend the following:Tuna Chips: seared rare ahi with wonton chips and and orange mint                        sauceFondue App: Yummy Gruyere cheese with veggies, bread and applesHoisen Duck: Tender and flavorful... in a delectable mint sauceShrimp and Lobster Linguine: With a ton of veggies all tossed in an                                                       amazing lobster broth!! YUM!On nice, warm day make sure to sit outside....great place to people watch and relax.
4	Kennedy is so much fun! There are a few things that make this one to put in the little black book.1. They are open twenty four hours2. It isn't gross inside3. They have Cheese fondueDo I need to go on? I do have friends that adore their steak and are happy that it is available all night. However the fact that I can get a salad and melted cheese anytime gives this place four stars alone. Add in the pretty red rose decor and fun wrap around bar and your in for a great time.Oh, and the wine selection is pretty good too!!
4	I have been here about 5 times.  I live just down the street from here.  Each time it has been tasty.  I did have a cheese plate that was sub par though.  Seemingly processed & uninspired.  Anyway, the service has been better than most LV spots & I have never had to leave a tip less than 20%.  I was told last night that they now close at 4am & stop serving food at 2am.  Adios, 24 hours!  They do offer 1/2 price bottles of wine on Tuesdays too.  Outdoor seating as well, but no misters...
5	In planning a meeting at Green Valley Ranch, I needed a place for dinner for 20 people.  None of the attendees were locals, and are a mix of men and women, ages 30-60.  After finding Kennedy Tavern on "The District" web site, and reading the reviews of local Yelpers, I decided to give them a try.  The dinner great -- it by far exceeded our "dining experience" at Olive's two years prior!  Neil, the Manager, provided me with a pre-set menu, the chef gladly substituted a pork dish for a vegetarian dish, and Jeannie, the hostess was so pleasant every time I called with a question.  I was also able to preselect wine and appetizers, which were served within minutes after we were seated.The location was a short walk from the hotel, and everyone liked the ambiance immediately (modern, industrial feel, and cleanliness).  Service was prompt and attentive, even though there was another large group that evening.Each dish received rave reviews - especially the Onion soup and Pepper-Crusted Ahi.   Each course was served hot and to the desired "doneness" on each steak,  we never felt like we were being rushed or ignored (like on The Strip).For a group business dinner, Kennedy Tavern is a great choice!
4	I've eaten here a few times, and had overall good experiences every outing.I usually eat at the bar, but have journeyed to the dining room floor without any faults, which is rare in a bar/tavern type setting.   Kennedy has some great ideas, and a quality staff to boot.Try the Tuna appetizer, and the Truffled Flat Bread.Fair and easy to read wine list.A great place to eat
3	I went with a group on saturday to take advantage of their "Super Saturday" promotion. 50% off all food for our table if we dined between 7-9 and mentioned super saturday when making the reservation. Give it a try!!Atmosphere: Sleek...modern... fun.. I really loved the feel of this place. The black "leather" booths were comfy.Drinks: First round was awesome. Yummy martinis that were perfectly crafted. 2nd round came from a different bartender. They all sucked. Paying $10 a pop for inconsistent drinks is a bummer!Food: calamari was excellent. Crisp and a great portion size. Foccacia on the table was warm and delish. My ahi tuna salad was gross unfortunately. The tuna wasn't fresh.. it wasn't seasoned.. it was just bland chewy mush on my plate. The salad came dressed (when I asked for dressing on the side). The plate wasn't put together particularly well.... just not a great salad (especially compared to the delish ahi crunch salad at Yardhouse!!). My fiance was happy (but not super excited) about his chicken fetticuine. Overall not a *bad* experience, but not great. I'd try them again, but I'm in no rush at this point.
5	Fantastic dishes that are just a little different than what you would expect.  Very cool atmosphere.  I have been to Kennedy a number of times now and the experience is consistently good. Love the fact that I can get great food, even really late.Was mad when they changed desserts, but love the new carrot cake.
4	I was staying next door at GVR, and their late night (11pm to 3am) happy hour was too much to resist. 50% of their signature drinks? Heck yeah, sign me and the misses up. I ordered a mojito that was made well, with the proper amount of mint. Maria had a triple chocolate martini, that tasted like alcoholic chocolate milk. Yes, imagine that, the go here and drink it. We thought about getting some fondue for desert, but seeing as we had already drank our calories, we opted to save it for another trip. Overall, I'd recommend this to other hotel guests who want to go to a real restaurant and bar, not some crappy "Claim Jumper" chain as another reviewer had mentioned.
4	I ordered the Chinese chicken salad. It was really good and unlike any chicken salad I've ever had. The chicken was like sesame seed encrusted and it came in a bowl made if wonton. The calamari was also good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I sampled the filet. Also great. Impeccable service but we went on a night the place was fairly empty. I also highly recommend trying the key lime martini.
1	Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant.  The food was terrible and service worse.  Don't ever eat here.  EVER.The male/female bartender were very nice as I walked out, so it may be okay to grab a drink.But Don't ever eat here!
3	Average food, good happy hour specials for drinks and appetizers, pretty dining room, friendly bartenders and servers. Open late.
4	The key with kennedy's is that you have to go during their happy hours to be able to partake in many of their awesome apps (1/2 off during happy hour) Granted..... I can only speak for the seared ahi tuna, but that enough is worth me making the trip down there in the middle of the night. And the best part about going during the week during the middle of the night besides the 1/2 price apps? The awesome bartenders who keep the drinks cold and the conversation warm.  (That did not sound to cheezy did it? ) LOL
2	My boyfriend and I went to Kennedy's for dinner tonight-had never been there before and was looking forward to checking it out. The food was good-Had the Cheese fondue, sausage and pepper flatbread, and chocolate fondue for dessert. Too bad the service was terrible!!!! We saw our waiter twice the entire time we were there and luckily the bussboys/food servers were there otherwise we would have gotten no service (keep in mind the restaurant was slow-not even half occupied). Needless to say I don't plan on going back.
3	I live on the other side of town and rarely visit Green Valley.  I was at GVR for a conference and went to a cocktail mixer at Kennedy Tavern.It was a Tuesday night and besides our party of 50 people, there wasn't very many people there.  It would have been dead.  I had a few drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  I didn't get a chance to try the food.Will I come back?  If I'm back in Egypt, I'd consider it.
3	Had dinner here last week. Both my date and I had the NY strip. Service was good, but the restaurant was very quiet, not at all as busy as I'd expect. Nice comfortable armchairs at our table for two, and view of nice, but sparsely populated tropical fish tank. The curved brick walls/cielings are a very cool look. There are huge leather booths in the corners that look like they could seat 6. A good group spot for dinner...Not a very exciting menu, but enough items that everyone should be able to find something to eat. The steak was decent, although nothing to write home about. In Las Vegas, you have to make a good steak. Due to so many great options for steak in Vegas, even a decent steak like this one is forgettable. Also, my whipped potatos tasted a little...instant?Over all it was a decent meal and a decent price. I'd perhaps steer you away from the steak if you have toured some of the finer local steak houses. It just won't measure up. I'd be willing to go back and try something else from the menu, perhaps I have missed their specialty?
