5	Went in for the soft opening today, excellent menu, friendly staff, beautiful decor. The empanadas were my fav, everything else we had on the menu had excellent flavors and presentation too.Will be back!
3	I'm going to say this. I will come back in a couple of weeks to see how things are going. But first, let me praise the staff to the high heavens. Unlike a lot of new places downtown they don't assume you're going to just drink the koolaid. They were ernest in their desire to make sure we were comfortable and happy with our food. They seemed to have actually tasted most of the food and had good recommendations for us. Much like La Comida, I'd eat here again regardless of what I thought of the food because the staff made the experience worthwhile. Fyi, I don't care for the food at La Comida. The food. Well. We split oxtail risotto which, honestly, was so rich as to be offputting. I ate maybe four spoonfuls as did my lunch date. There was plenty left to take home but we passed. We also had the bacon jam with brie. It was actually delish, but again, a little went a long way. A very long way. Again, we passed on taking the extra home. The empanadas were filled with nice chunky meat that was tender though it could've been a tad juicier. The mushroom flatbread was a great appetizer and the pizza cook was lots of fun without being overly familiar.Here's my issue and it's something you can actually see in the accompanying picture. The risotto and jam seemed to be swimming in something. It wasn't grease. Maybe some oil like truffle? The lake of whatever it was did not inspire one to want to deal with that in a to go box or when it inevitably congealed. Again, offputting is the only word I can find to describe my feelings about it. It really wasn't greasy or slimy, but it looks that way. Combined with the fact that everything (except the empanadas) was just way too rich means I won't be pushing this as a place to go. Not yet. I'm sure that Carson Kitchen will find it's feet very soon, and hope so. I like the vibe even if the decor looks like someone went to EAT and decided that's the new downtown Vegas hip eatery look. Seriously, it almost looks like a blatant rip off. They seemed to be working on an outside patio which in and of itself will get me back this summer. And, not to be petty, I give it points for being filled with adults, not a bunch of bearded wannabes. The pricing seemed a tad ambitious. For small plates you can go from a quick bite to a $50 lunch in no time. Not outrageous but probably not in my, "let's run by for a nosh", price range.I look forward to sampling more of Carson Kitchen soon but I'm hoping they bring the ooze down a notch. Go check it out for yourself, it's worth a try. Good luck Carson Kitchen, welcome downtown!
5	Open two days but you would think it had been open two years.  An open kichen concept where the chefs create master pieces on plates.  Cocktails are hand crafted and go down way too easy.  I am mad at the mac n cheese because it is simply AMAZING. I will never attempt to make homemade mac n cheese again as it will seem like an utter failure once I had this.  The rabbit ragu served over spaghetti squash is equally delicious.  I can't wait to come back again and again so I can work my way through this entire menu.  What a homerun for downtown.
5	Second day of being open and it was amazing. The atmosphere was cool and felt like I was in San Francisco or something. The Mac and cheese blew my mind. I also would recommend the bourbon fudge brownie (it's got bacon). Tip: taste the ice cream and the brownie separately then together! Sooo yummy!
5	Carson Kitchen.. You Complete MeI .. love.. you. Shut Up, Just Shut Up...You Had Me At Hello... I'm gonna be a regular at this place. Beautifully rich flavors, nice presentation, delicious prices! I've already had 1/6 of the menu, and I've been here exactly once! Get here... Now. You'll be thankful you did! Happy Eating!
5	Two Words-So Good!!A new gem to the downtown corridor. This restaurant by Chef Kerry Simon takes comfort food to the next level!  Started off with a few of the shareable plates. If you don't care about your waist line or your cholesterol levels, start with the crispy chicken skins. They have taken the best part of fried chicken and made it an appetizer!  The Wellington empanadas are amazing!  The beef inside is so flavorful and tender.  Next we had the tempura green beans. The beans were so fresh and the tempura was the perfect crispiness/saltiness. Don't forget to dip in the cream cheese sauce. Next was the veal meatballs with sherry foie gras cream sauce. Again heaven. Taking down home comfort food and jazzing it up a notch. Did I mention we sat at the chefs counter and were able to talk to the entire kitchen staff while they prepared our meal!  It was like being on a cooking show. For our main course, we had the short rib sliders and the baked Mac and cheese. Again amazing comfort food taken to the next level. The short ribs have a root beer glaze that is a perfect compliment to the braised beef. I've been dying to try the Mac and cheese since the day I saw a pic of them on FB a few months ago and it was so worth the wait!  As stuffed as we were, we still tried the Bourbon Fudge Brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream. And we were so happy we did. The ice cream had actual bacon bits in it!  Paired with the decadent chocolate brownie, the saltiness/creaminess of the ice cream was what God must have intended heaven to taste like :)I will definitely be coming back with lots of my friends in tow!
5	Had dinner at Kerry Simon's new Carson kitchen in downtown Las Vegas last night. Tried a wide variety of things and everything was excellent. Great atmosphere, outstanding service, and my favorite dishes were the empanadas, the short rib sliders, the meatballs, the chicken thighs, and...well everything was delicious. He did it again. Great job Kerry!!!
5	Kerry and Cory just raised the bar. Food, ambience, and service are all excellent. The beef Wellington empanadas are delicious, as are the short rib sliders. Bread pudding is ridiculous and utilizes donuts from Oface next door. The mission was to create a the welcome feeling of a home kitchen, and it works. This is one of the rare restaurants where diners plan their 2nd visit before they finish their first meal.
5	So much happening Downtown, and a great addition is Carson Kitchen. Cool vibe with great service and wonderful food! Chefs Kerry Simon and Cory Harwell have created an amazing menu... you'll want to try everything!! A neighborhood gem.
4	We stopped by on an early Sunday evening for dinner. It was busy, but they were able to seat us right away at one of the community counters/tables. Space is at a premium in their close-packed space, so expect communal seating to be a more likely fate than a private table.The dish portions and pricing seem to indicate they're more the "we're not here to engorge you, we're here to delight you with good tasting food" kind of place. We ordered the "Devil's" Eggs, Roasted Young Beets, Rabbit Ragu and Duck Confit Flatbread. The "Devil's" Eggs were ridiculously delicious. The Roasted Young Beets with goat cheese and orange slices was interesting and good. The Rabbit Ragu wasn't so great. Although alright, I couldn't taste any rabbit flavor over the spiciness of the sauce. And the duck in the Duck Confit Flatbread was tasty.The service is top-notch, but also a bit pandering with their, "You've made some excellent choices." I'd like to think that if I ordered ANYTHING from their menu it would be an excellent choice. But I really appreciated the effort.If you're looking for a bit of a culinary adventure in a very social eating space, then you'll likely enjoy an experience at Carson Kitchen.
5	Started with the deviled eggs which were perfect!  And served on a melted wine bottle platter you can get in container park. I had spaghetti squash with duck it was perfect just enough spice! My friend had the grilled cheese and spicy totes mmmmmm those tots ! LETS TALK DESSERT! I had the bread pudding and was in heaven :)) the chef told us it was made with doughnuts from next door at O Face doughnuts love that!Loved the downtown vibe here cant wait to come back!
4	Went here for lunch. We got there at 11:30 and were quickly seated, however, it is a small space and filled up while we were there. They sat us at the communal table, I was fine with it and had some interesting conversations. However, I could see how if someone was shy or didn't enjoy talking to strangers how they might not enjoy sitting there. The decor was industrial modern. We split the chicken skins with smoked honey - which was awesome! The skins were crispy and the honey gave it the perfect sweet to contrast the salt. Also, it was one of the more reasonable items on the menu at $6. Wellington Empanadas - they were good but I wouldn't order them again. They were really salty, and to me part of the beauty of the wellington is how well they are cooked -while the phyllo dough likened itself to a wellington the filling was chopped beef and other vegetbales. Thus at $10 not my favorite item. The short rib sliders with spicy tator tots - three sliders for $14. A little over priced. The sliders had a sweet flavor to them and a crunch from french fried onion the bun. There was not much sauce on them either. My friend likened them to a marshmallow flavor of a rice krispy treat, while I don't completely agree with her I found it amusing. Again, good but not phenomenal and I think I would try something else. Duch Confit Flatbread - very good, again sweet like the flatbread was brushed with honey - however, very very small portion. Possibly six inches in length by four inches or so across. Also, the flatbread was not crisp on the bottom, however the flavor was good. $10. Glad I tried it, loved the chicken skins, but a little pricey for what you receive for my taste but it is a Kerry Simon restaurant. If you go for lunch go early - they fill up fast with the downtown work crowd. If there are only two of you expect to be seated at the communal area.
3	A cautiously optimistic 3 stars, since CK has only been open a week and we only tried four dishes; but there is much to be excited about here. The space itself is rather small, with communal/bar seating taking up the majority. Does anyone actually like communal dining? Its a hip concept on paper, but no thanks to being seated across from the group of six dudes making their slow, loud, boozy departure. I take it more space will be opening up in the courtyard and ceiling patio eventually? Here's hoping. The old hotel has some great little nooks and crannies, worthy of becoming a go-to late-night hangout.  From greeting through to bill payment, service was friendly and attentive. Our server (Vicky I think?) offered just the right mix of good cheer without being cloying. The only little hiccup was a lengthy wait for our last dish, maybe ten or so minutes, but we didn't feel neglected and weren't in a rush so no harm done. In general, the atmosphere was festive and inviting. Great energy. Our dishes were 1. Spuds/Sprouts Hash; 2. Veal Meatballs; 3. Wellington Empanadas; and 4. Chicken Thighs with Chimichurri. The first dish was far and away the least successful of the group, and was actually quite disappointing. In flavor, texture and even color everything was monochromatic. The "spuds" weren't fully cooked. The dish was heavy, brown, and muddled. The meatballs came next, and were a revelation. They were tender and moist with a rich, dark outer crust, and the foie/sherry cream sauce was divine; especially the bright notes of sherry, which cuts through and elevates the otherwise heavy combination. Not sure how necessary the 9 stray peas are though. Third came the empanadas, with a gorgeous buttery/flakey crust and moist and tender filling. The accompanying "gravy" seemed to be made from a demi-glace, as it was layered with all kinds of delightful "colors"; problem was it was face-scrunchingly salty. Rarely is over-salting an issue in restaurants, but this was put-down-your fork salty. Finally came the chicken thighs, which I was overjoyed to see on the menu. Thighs are the best and most tragically ignored part of the bird, and CK knows this and gets it right. Boneless and slightly flattened, they are the perfect combination of moist and juicy meat with cracklingly crunchy skin. Just like God intended. The Chimichurri is a brilliant accompaniment, full of brightness and acidity, but once again it was over-salted. The sauce man needs to take it down a few notches. The chimi wasn't as excessive as the "gravy" but it was still distracting. Nevertheless, I loved the thighs. The juicy-crispy combo reminded me of my favorite dish at Raku, "juicy deep fried chicken"--so bravo and thanks, CK! I live down the street and am thrilled to have CK in the neighborhood. I'll be back soon to further explore the menu and enjoy the historic space.
5	Great, energetic staff!  Creative and delicious menu items. We had the bacon jam, mac and cheese, veal meatballs, duck flatbread, butter burger, brownie with bacon ice cream, and glazed donut bread pudding for dessert. None are exactly low calorie but all were sooooo worth it.  A really fun and tasty experience all around. We'll definitely be returning with more people. Love this little spot!!
4	Great new addition to the DTLV dining scene! Had dinner with a party of 8 at CK so we got to try a lot of the menu. Overall, the food was really good. Some highlights were the tempura green beans, the mac & cheese, the deviled eggs, the bacon jam, and the broccoli. The mushroom flatbread and the beet salad were fine and the spam croquettes were very salty (but cleverly presented). The gyro tacos were tasty and filling. Service was solid - at times inattentive but it was pretty busy. Only real drawback was how loud it was. Music turned up too high. in sum, definitely recommend it.
5	Best Mac & Cheese I've had in a long time!! But shhh... The ingredients are secret! They keep it simple, no fancy bacon or lobster or anything like that, just literally macaroni and cheese, a tiny hint of truffle and a little bread crumb on top. It was incredible! We also tried the mushroom flatbread, green beans, and gyro tacos, all which were wonderful! Dipping sauce for the green beans was great, big chunks of cream cheese mixed with some sort of chili sauce. Our server, Brittany, made excellent recommendations and was super personable! Highly recommend this place. Also heard they are working on a rooftop patio which will be fun. Can't wait to come back and try more. Great spot!
4	So...reserved judgment until 3 visits - all within a week - so that should say something. Have to say, Big fan. Really hit the sweet spot of Vegas casual great food dining. Well done. Nice to see the Lyeth Meritage on the menu. Such a solid wine. Indicative of the well thought contemplative concept. Personal favs, mussels, Greek tacos, duck confit flatbread, glazed donut bread pudding.  Welcome to the neighborhood.
3	Carson Kitchen....Here are the bullet points....-New Downtown bar and restaurant-Open Kitchen -Small, cramped, and loud.  NOTE:  there's an upstairs patio soon to be open-Great service with a big staff-Reservations if your party is 6 or more-Located next door to O Face Doughnuts-Apps:  Portions are small and pricey-The Food:  Portions are small and priced about right. The gf and I came here on Friday night just about a week after they opened.  I thought that the service was great.  Our server gave us his recommendations, was very attentive, and he even gave us a quick tour.  As for the food, I enjoyed half of what I had.  I ordered their Wellington Empanada as an app and their Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak as an entree.  The empanada was a little too greasy and pricey at $10 for two small pieces.  The steak cost $18 and I thought it was worth it. It was delicious, sliced, and full of flavor. My gf had their Bacon Jam as an app and their Black Rice & Oxtail Risotto.  I got a little taste and thought both were pretty good.  Again, wasn't a fan of the price of their Bacon Jam, but thought that the entree was just about right.  Overall, don't let my 3 star review fool you.  3 stars from me means that they are just "A-Ok".  In other words, I don't see myself rushing back any time soon.  I do recommend other Yelpers to give them a try.TIP:  Tip regarding their Check-In...double check your receipt. We were charged for our "Free" item.  They fixed the issue...just saying.
5	With a menu that seems to be as dynamic as a physics engine or a periodic table, the collection of flavor is so bountiful that it will leave you wanting more.  How many restaurants can take a can of Spam and make the most tasty croquettes you ever had in your entire life?  .  .  .  Don't worry, I'll wait.Oh but that's just the start!  The menu is as unique as they come, from crispy chicken skin appetizers to rabbit ragu spaghetti, they have strayed far from all the downtown food niche and created one of their own.With the soon-to-be-open upstairs bar and patio, hopefully their presence will be solitified in the Downtown Vegas scene.  I have great hopes for this place.  And if you're in the area, I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
5	Love this place! Only thing is it's so small but I know they are opening a second floor.  Service was great! Our waiter helped us decide on a yummy shot and was so nice and helpful. The bacon jam was really good as was the Wisconsin burger! Definitely a restaurant worth driving downtown to.  We went on a Friday night about 7, wasn't too long of a wait, we enjoyed a drink on their outside patio which I'm sure after fixed up and decorated more will be super cute!I always have room for dessert but my first visit was too stuffed.  Going back to try the bread pudding!
5	What can I say another great place to eat!  The Mac and cheese amazing!  Then we move on to the ribs and spam balls different but oh so good.  Sliders melt at your first bite and such a great taste . Then to finish it all off after a few other delicious.  However let me say to finish off the bacon ice cream with fudge brownie was just way to much for my taste buds!  I went during lunch , but plan to go for dinner . I can only imagine it will be that much more better .
4	Well done! There are the expected service issues of a new place, but aside from that, I could not have been more pleased. My lunch date and I had the mac and cheese, empanadas, and gyro taco. The taco shell was much too large and could have used some more pico, but the flavor was good. Service was slow, but pleasant.  I couldn't help but notice a lot of management and/or stakeholders milling about and not helping with service/refills/ ect. All in all, I will be back.
5	OMG!!!  The food was awesome! My family and I (7 in all) had the most wonderful food experience at Carson's Kitchen. The flavors, the atmosphere, the staff (including the owner) were top notch. We were blessed with some treats, tempura green beans and bacon jam in addition to "out of this world" butter burgers, jerk turkey burger, crispy chicken skins, rootbeer glazed spareribs and the freaking "off the chain" spicy tater tots!!!  Had to give the owner a hug for the great experience and hospitality. Wishing this establishment nothing but success. We will return!
5	OMG I love this place!! I had the jerk turkey burger it had all kinds of flavors inside.  They also have a lot of specialty drinks that are not on the menu you have ask the bartender. They're opening up a patio area on the top of the venue July 4th weekend looking forward to it!
5	Incredible restaurant.  The place is small, accessible, and funky.  The food blew me away.  We tried lots of stuff, including the bacon jam with Brie and toast, the devils eggs, crispy chicken skins, veal meatballs, mac and cheese, and donut bread pudding...the chicken skins were my favorite!  Seriously the best part of fried chicken in a basket with smoked honey.  Wow!
4	We had a little trouble finding it because the address is on 6th but the entrance is actually on Carson. But we were seated right away (Sunday dinner) and our server was fantastic! I'd heard about the Bacon Jam and it was good... but I think I was expecting more because it had been raved about. I had a wonderful beet salad - which I will definitely have again - and "Not Your Father's Twinkies" for dessert. Kerry Simon is known for these twists on sweet American junk food so this play on Twinkies is in his wheel house. They are really moist and the mandarin oranges work well. But I felt it was lacking in cream and would be better if plated with a creme or pudding. Since the menu is new, I wanted to share my feedback and the maitre d' was really glad that I did. In fact, he agreed with me and encouraged us to come back  as they continue to perfect the menu. Solid experience overall.
5	Let me gather my thoughts... It's difficult to paraphrase an explosive experience on a full stomach. Ok I'll start from beginning to end. We got there and parking was difficult, greeter at the door was nice, super packed, 45 minute wait, ordered a beer at the bar, waited in the back courtyard. Now this seems rather unpleasant, but this is where Carson Kitchen 'stepped their game up' and delivered. At the bar they had a Brooklyn Brown Ale that my friends and I enjoy and haven't seen here in the west coast. The court yard in the back was surprisingly serene, reminiscent of times spent in a backyard BBQ with friends. The wait was actually 15 mins which translated to 'freaking awesome' (I like the under-promising and over-delivering). Now, the fifth star was credited to the food and the man behind the magic. Bacon Jam is on point and that is no understatement because I found myself spreading that goodness on everything. No joke. I put it on the Mac n cheese, I put it on the gyro tacos, I put it on the coco steak. Don't get me wrong, all of these dishes lacked nothing and were incredible by themselves, but that bacon jam was like crack for me, and given the means I would've taken it intravenously. I guess one of the chefs came out to check on us and he couldn't have been a more 'cool like dat' kind of guy. Kudos to Eugene the chef, you made that food your bitch and owned it. Not quite sure who the owner is but you get the standing 'O' for nailing the whole ambiance of this place. You seriously got that five star taste without all that pretension of those snotty, over priced, mish-mash, upscale casino restaurants. Most def coming back here and referring it to my friends and family.
4	I was slightly skeptical about how awesome this place could possibly be- it seems every time something new opens Downtown, it gets RAVE reviews and then sort of falls of the map. However, it definitely lives up to the hype!!  We sat at the bar, and were served by Andrew, who was extremely knowledgeable and friendly!!  Ordered 2 cocktails (delicious) and the Chicken Skins and Deviled Eggs, which were both incredible.  I can't wait to go back for a full meal!!  The only thing that is keeping me from giving 5 stars is how hot it was in the restaurant.  I realize they have an open kitchen, and that it was 110 degrees yesterday, but it was notably uncomfortable.
4	I expected Carson Kitchen to be a little busy based on the buzz, but not a 30 minute wait on a Sunday night.  At least my wife and I were able to get drinks and hang around their outdoor area in the back.  The whole thing was quite an eye opener for me.  Who would have thought even 5 years ago that something like this would be thriving on 6th St and Carson???  Amazing!The dining area was a little cramped but still maintained a cool vibe.  The open kitchen, bustling servers and unique seating area kind of enhanced the experience.  I wouldn't come with more than a party of 4 until their outdoor and upstairs areas are done.  Our server informed us those areas would be complete in about a week.I'd classify the fare as "New American".  Kerry and his staff do some really interesting twists.  Their "Wellington Empanada" was a delicious way to start the meal.  I enjoyed their take on the typical empanada crust.  It was light with some crunch and soaked up the excellent sauce on the plate nicely.  My wife gasped when she saw they offered "Crispy Chicken Skins" and ordered it almost before our server got out the word "hello".  Breaded and deep fried chicken skin isn't exactly clean eating but holy shit was it awesome.  Maybe chicken skin really is the new bacon!  It was a glorious way to swiftly kick my diet right in the balls.  Both of us weren't really big on the smoked honey dipping sauce it came with and opted to use the rich empanada sauce instead.We shared the "Rabbit Ragu" and the "Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak" done rare.  The rabbit was delightful and the sauce delivered a surpisingly spicy kick.  Thankfully, the spaghetti was made of squash.  I needed some vegetables after my mini guilt trip on the chicken skins :P The steak was a little more medium rare than rare but the sauce and light espresso flavor made up for it.Can't wait to drink and dine outside next time!
4	Definitely a fan of this unmarked, unpretentious downtown dive.  Exceptional menu and carefully crafted creations... my favorites?  Devil's Eggs w/ Caviar & Pancetta, CRISPY chicken skin and BACON JAM.  Amazing service and menu.  Hi-5 to this concept... can't wait till the balcony is open.  I'll be seeing you Carson.
5	Took a group of 15 and the waitress just served us what she thought we might want. Awesome experience. Bacon Jam has changed my life.
4	my favorite place downtown.... Amazing food!!!! Everything i ordered was delicious.  Crispy chicken skin is addicting, tempura green beans was delicious, blacked rice oxtail risotto is savory, chicken tights are really moist, spicy sausage flat bread is amazing.... And yes bourbon brownie with candy bacon is so good!!!! Definitely recommend this place!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas. I hope to god it is here next time I'm in town. Great drinks and great food. Inventive twists on standards and you can tell they actually care about what they're serving.
5	Great service, chill atmosphere, and amazing food.  Will definitely go again and again!!!
5	Had late lunch here today so they weren't too busy, I heard it can get packed in here so plan ahead! First of all the ambience is amazing. I like their unique sitting area. We were seated at the bar. Server was attentive and quick. Took our drink and appetizer orders. We got the tempura green beans, which were amazing. I find that most fried green beans I have are almost always too oily, not these. I ordered the Tomato Stack which wasn't overly filling but was flavorful. Lastly we got the bread pudding. As other have mentioned they use donuts from next door. It was so good, I wanted another one. Definitely a must try! Would love to be able to comment on more of their dishes, so I'll definitely be back soon!
5	Loved this little gem of a spot!! We stopped by to grab a bite after the Sunday matinee showing of Book of Mormon at the Smith Center.Bacon jam...amazing!! Crispy Chicken Skins...salty slices of heaven which are served with a smoked honey for dipping. (These are MUST try items!!!!)We also had the short rib sliders, the beetsalad and the Devil's Eggs (4 deviled egg halves with crispy pancetta and caviar on top....OMG!!)Plus I tried two delicious cocktails Brewer's Fix:Hop head vodka, apricot preserves, fresh lemon, simple syrup, prosecco The Magarian:Aviation gin, thyme & honey syrup, fresh lemon, mr. q cumber sodaNot easy to find....the door is actually ON Carson Street not on 6th. This place is tiny, so I'm quite sure that if you go on a busy weekend during prime noshing hours, you'll have to wait. I will tell you, it is WORTH the wait!!Next time I'm trying the Butter Burger and the Mac & Cheese.
4	You know what I mean when you taste the first mouthful of food and you immediately know this place will be on your "come back" list?  This is one of those places. I'm docking a star for service.  The food was awesome.  Tried the broccoli salad, bacon jam, butter burger, steak, and the bread pudding.   Broccoli salad - wonderful mix of sweet, sour, crunchy, and creamy.  Refreshing.  Burger and steak were cooked perfectly - medium rare, just the way we like.  (Medium rare meaning red in the middle, you have no idea how hard it is for people to get medium rare right).  Bacon jam was so smokey and slightly sweet - just wish they weren't so chintzy about the brie and bread.  I mean, 5 pieces of bread for all the jam??  Come on, now.   The interior is very industrial-y, raw material-y feeling.  Very unique.We were catching Book of Mormon after dinner and let our bartender know.  We sat at the bar as there was no other seating when we arrived.  We let her know when we first sat down and she promised she would get us out of there in time.  We ordered everything up front (including dessert) but ended up waiting and waiting for the bread pudding after the meal.  We told her to cancel it and it ended up showing up right as we were leaving.  At this point we were already late so we each scarfed down a bite and ran out the door.  It also seemed more important to her to flirt with her fellow bartender than see if we needed anything.  We all wanted another round of drinks but could not get her attention.  By the time she noticed, we were done with our meal and it was a little late for another round.  Is it customary for bartenders to take away your glass when you still have at least two drinks left?  I felt like I still had a good amount of beverage left when the bartender tried to take away my glass.  Maybe it was our fault for catching a show after dinner but we thought an hour and a half would be sufficient.  Guess not.
5	Mannnnn their jerk turkey burger (w/ #mango chutney slaw) just may be the BEST turkey burger I've ever had. The combination of flavors is pretty damn incredible. I was seriously speechless. Oh and pictures do NOT do the epic glazed donut bread pudding justice  FML. This should be illegal. Amazing experience with incredible service, cocktails and food. I actually took the time to talk to a manager and I NEVER do this. Absolute must if you're in Vegas.
4	You had me at the first bite!!!I cant say how much I enjoyed this place. From the cocktails to the food to even the staff- all made my and my friends experience amazing. The location, there is no huge sign declaring itself, but with the smells of grub and laughter from the folks outside, we found the entrace on carson between 6th and lv blvd. Which is important because the door is that easy to miss when you have the sun glaring in your face. The seating did take a bit more than I like especially on a Tuesday at 630 but rather than stay out on carson, we found walked through the restaurant to a door that lead to a surprise serene grassy backyard. It was equipped with wicker chairs and a fire pit. We also saw the stairs that lead to the second floor which is not being used due to the extremely high weather. I predict this will be the place to be in the winter time...beers + fire pit = thats where ill be!!!On to the food...for appetizer we ate the wellington empanadas which smelled amazing as I sliced into those bad boys and we also had oxtail risotto and steak- the best combination and my stomach had no complaints. The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about the food. Though there were a couple of times they almost took our plates before we could finish getting all the sauce with our empanadas but that was forgivable seeing as it looked like we were done but in reality it was us savoring each bite.The cherry on top of the sundae was actually not ice cream BUT bread pudding made of doughnuts! I won't describe it because dessert is the point of the meal and why spoil the surprise.
5	Carson Kitchen is a downtown gem!! I will def be back for more!! The service was great, kitchen a bit slow but all was forgotten when the food arrived!! We chose to start with the short rib sliders (sweet and savory) and rainbow broccoli (perfectly seasoned) and swordfish (cooked well)! Wishing we had room for dessert but that will have to wait for our next visit! Ambiance is amazing and you can wait with a cocktail in hand in their courtyard out back!
4	This restaurant is going to be our favorite for a Downtown variety, we decided to do lunch and was able to get in without a wait.  Very unique food with a twist, the black rice looks strange, but the taste is very good.  The meatballs are very tasty and so was the short rib sliders.  I sure wasn't expecting that sweet taste which comes from the rootbeer sauce.  The only thing that bothers me is the parking as with any Downtown place you want to visit.  A definite must try!!!!
5	bravo, a great new place downtown to get your grub on.  I loved the selection of beers, the food was stellar, I would go again just to try some other stuff.  You must have the deviled eggs, I would have taken another order of those, we also had some steak special that rocked out, fresh veggys and beer, just a perfect meal.  $$$ pricey, but well worth it.  Not horrible value, but not cheap per se.  5 star food and service.  mmmm mmm good...
5	Never have I ever thought of an establishment like this would actually exist at the former John E. Carson Hotel in DTLV!!  Came in on a busy Saturday night with at least 30-minute wait for a table of two.  Luckily, we were able to snag two seats at the bar upstairs which certainly has a better atmosphere than the crammed dining area downstairs.  The rooftop patio has this relaxed and hip ambiance: bistro lighting hanging throughout, awesome music playing in the background and plenty of seating especially for a fairly large group.Cocktails are rather great in this place.  Forgot his name but the Irish bartender made our experience that much better.  He explained what goes in each libation and even provided few unexpected treats throughout the night.  Out of all the drinks I had, I liked Towns End (Slow & Low Whiskey, Fernet Vittone, Amaro del sole, Regan's Orange Bitters No. 6, Angostura bitters) the most as I usually tend to go for dark liquors.  Asked for a Sazerac next since I was already going towards that route, but unfortunately, no Pernod at this joint!  The bartender, however, decided to make me a drink somewhat suggestive of what the Magarian (Aviation Gin, thyme & honey syrup, fresh lemon, Mr. Q. Cumber Soda) would taste like.  Surprisingly, I didn't mind the transition from dark to light as the smokiness greatly complimented the Crispy Chicken Skin and its smoked honey dipping sauce.  Right when you know I've had enough liquor for the night, I was faced with Brewer's Fix (Hophead Vodka, apricot preserves, fresh lemon, simple syrup, Prosecco) which was amazing due to the fact that a.) it's on the house and b.) I like India Pale Ales.  As far as their dishes, there are plenty of interesting items to choose from.  For this visit, we opted for their shared plates.  If you were only to get one thing from the menu, make sure it's the Crispy Chicken Skins.  Something about a chicharron-like chip dipped in smoked honey sauce is just sublime!  Another favorite was the Veal Meatballs smothered in sherry foie gras cream sauce.  Yes, sherry foie gras cream sauce... it's truly as good as it sounds!!  Also decided to get the "Devil's Eggs" (topped with crispy pancetta and caviar) and Roasted Young Beets (pistachio, orange and goats cheese).  Still have plenty of room?!  End your meal with the Glazed Doughnut Bread Pudding (three rum caramel and vanilla creme anglaise).  It ain't no sticky toffee but it's a great alternative.Overall, Carson Kitchen definitely lives up to all the buzz!!  Delicious food, impressive concoctions,  great ambiance and superb customer service.  Can't wait to go back!
5	My cousin and I are so glad we went in here. They were out of the fried chicken skin. I'll just have to come back. We had the broccoli w/green goddess dressing. Yum! The Rainbow cauliflower was delicious.  The Bacon Jam and Brie was good too. My cousin kept eating spoonfuls if it and she doesn't even care for bacon, Lol. My favorite was the Mushroom and bluecheese flatbread,  OH MY!!! Our bartender was great as well.
2	I am a resident of DTLV and really wanted to love this place. My friends and I ate there last night and this is a recap of the good, the bad, and the angry:-The bacon jam was great-The brownie dessert and donut bread pudding were fantastic!-The Turkey burger was good but not enough "slaw"-The cauliflower was far too salty to even stomach-The sliders were dry but are on the right path-They charged us for a steak that they had informed us they were out of and forgot to take it off the bill. They clearly do NOT know how to work their POS and charged my card 4 times for the same meal and so my $65 meal has now cost me $275, a call to the manager, and fraud reports to my bank. Unacceptable. All in all we ordered the following:Wellington Empanada"Devils" EggsJerk Turkey BurgerRainbow cauliflowerShort Rib SlidersGlazed Donut bread puddingBurboun fudge brownie with brown butter & bacon ice creamThe only way I will return is if I am just getting drinks/dessert and I pay cash.
4	Very capable of 5 stars, and once things are operating a little more smoothly, this will be one of my favorites! Great food & amibience. The Devil's Eggs were incredibly good, as was the wild mushroom flatbread. My Mac & Cheese serving was really tiny, but I couldn't eat more than a few bites after appetizers, even though it was excellent. The one dish we all agreed needs to go was the black rice risotto. They really should paint the roof beams charcoal or silver; they really look like what they are rather than a nice open beam feel.
5	This is a fantastic new place on Carson and sixth next to O face donuts. I have to tell you though we went today at lunch and I think we were exceedingly lucky that we walked in and were able to sit at a table. There was one table that was being saved for somebody with reservations and everything else was literally full it is a tiny little spot. But it is fantastic. We started with the Wellington empanadas which was fantastic.  We then ordered the fried green tomato sandwich with crab and the short rib sliders both came with spicy tater tots. The tater tots were not too spicy you could definitely detect some Paprika and they were quite good. The short rib sliders were quite sweet. The menu does say that they are root beer short rib sliders so take note of that because they are sweet. But the slider was fantastic the sweetness was offset by a crispy onion that was put on the slider. If I had one note it would be to put a little bit more crispy onion to offset that sweetness. The fried green tomato sandwich with crab was the star the tomato is very thickly cut and expertly breaded. The breading has a nice spice to it. Overall it was a fantastic meal it's a little pricey for lunch but I think you have to look at what you get and then you understand the $40 price tag for two people at lunch.  I would love to go back, I hope I get lucky again and get a table!!!
4	There's a lot of praise going on here and I am in the same boat. However, there are some flaws for Carson Kitchen, the first being the place is cramped and loud. However, this seems to be the theme of a lot of Downtown eateries these days. Even if it is cramped and loud I must admit the openness of the restaurant is not at all off-putting. I was thrilled to see an open kitchen, with food being prepped before my eyes and a kitchen staff that is lively and nice to talk to while sitting in front of their prepping/cooking areas.Food was superb. I ordered the Devil's egg, beautiful little concoctions served up with a topping of caviar. I'm so fancy for my lunch, huh?I also selected the Spicy Sausage flatbread, which came with sausage, broccoli, ricotta, and fennel. It was a medley of delicious, fresh flavors. Crust was delightfully crisp, not soggy.Really the only thing I have to say in the negative is the service was lacking. It was busy, and our waitress did apologize for the wait, but when we paid our check I put in $20 for my meal and my friend wanted to put the rest on her card. It wasn't as if we were asking for a feat of grandiose nature, but the waitress told us the "system wasn't working" - well, you can't run a card and take cash? It just seemed fishy to me and made me wonder how often the "system is down" at this place.I'd certainly return, hopefully when I do their system will be back up so my friend and I can simply pay with cash and card like at most places.
4	I was in down town so I decided to try Carson kitchen, the new place in the area and based on the great reviews from yelp I decided to try the chicken fried skins but they were out at that time so I eded up getting the Wellington empanadas, the gyro tacos, and the veal meat balls. It was about 110 degrees that day so the first thing I ordered as soon as I walked in was a diet coke, when I got a 8oz bottle for 4.00 I knew that wasn't going to work for me so I ordered beer instead. The bartender recommended me 1664 blanc a wheat beer with a hint of citrus and fruit which was very tasty and refreshing.The beef Wellington empanadas were my favorite of the items I tried, but at 10 dollars per order it seemed a little to much for them two tiny little pockets until I took a bite and realized that they're worth every penny.The gyro tacos were also good and the name says it all, tacos that taste like gyros, nothing new, nothing extraordinary but good.The meat balls were the the least impressive of the items I ordered, the name itself veal meatballs with sherry foie gras was too promising but there was nothing memorable about them except that they were a little too dry for my taste, the green peas don't help either, I think their sole purpose is to make the meatballs look huge. Ambience is great. The place is very small and you'll definitely be sharing some personal space with strangers, there's also an outdoor patio and a roof top bar that should be a great place to hang with friends when the weather cooperates but for now unless you want to match your fried chicken skins, the inside area is the only place to be. I will definitely be back for more.
4	Ordered:Crispy chicken skin - delicious..something diffBacon jam - interesting...and yummyRabbit and spaghetti squash -  had it without the rabbit..this one was ok....Baked mac n cheese - omg soo GOOD... best I ever had (I'm not a mac n cheese fan either)Burbon fudge brownie w/ brown butter bacon ice cream -  ice cream was bombass....brownie was too fudgie for me...All the food has a ton of bold flavors....so ending with the fudge brownie was a lot.  But still good.Drinks - the magarian & brewers fix..both refreshing and deliciousLove this place, definable will be back ....cute place and roof top seating is nice.
3	I wasn't too excited after reviewing the menu.  it's the same stuff a lot of restaurants have been doing for years.  yes, we all love, love, love bacon, bacon, and more bacon.  yawn.  I would say the same thing about tater tots but the tots at CK are pretty darn good.  the butter burger is far and away the best burger I've had in this town.  thick and juicy with a crusty exterior and a beautiful pink interior.  cooked perfectly and dressed with fresh butter lettuce and a thick cut beefsteak tomato.  it really blew me away.  we also tried the wellington empanadas.  they were ok.  the sauce was excellent but the filling was kinda flavorless and one-dimensional.  the beer menu is good but I like a draft beer choice.  service was excellent.
1	Got here at 4:30 PM and half of the tables were open. We were refused service. Rude waitress. Terrible experience.
5	I have to commend the chef, one of the rare places where I did not need to season my food. The Bacon jam was just perfect to start, fried green beans and crispy chicken skins were another great choice for the group to share. I ordered the fried green tomato burger, enjoyed it not too sure about the tartar sauce, however, I enjoyed it.The desert, bread pudding and icream (with bacon) was heavenly. Am really impressed with this place.Loving how downtown Las Vegas is getting great eatery places. Look forward to my next visit.
5	The great things I've been hearing...THEY'RE TRUE! I love that this place is tucked away. It's like a local secret. I went here for a late lunch and was seated immediately. Being only a party of two I'd feel bad taking a large table top so I went for a seat at the bat. Tentative bar service and quick amazing food. We got three appetizers because I really wanted to try a few things off the menu since other local friends were strongly encouraging me to try Carson Kitchen. Let me start off by saying all the food looks just like the website photos. I love to eat with my eyes so I about fell out of my chair when I saw this delicious food coming toward me. First came the Bacon Jam. The guy that dropped it off suggested we get a piece of the Bree with every bite. It smelt a lot like BBQ sauce but as soon as touched my tongue, I was in love. Not to sweet at all, amazing flavor, and bacon. Nuff said. Next came the Welington Empanadas. Flakey pastry, amazing flavor, sauce was a little bland but I saw it as more decorative because all the flavor was inside the empanada. Only two per order and only a couple bites. Not a heavy appetizer. I would recommend! Finally, oh man, the Gyro Tacos. I seriously had to stop a staff that had nothing to do with our service and tell him how good they were. The tzatziki sauce didn't have too much dill in it like more authentic tzatziki WHICH IM TOTALLY OKAY WITH! Preferred in fact. Meat and cheese lay in little pitas that are easy to eat in a couple bites. I would recommend these for sure. Don't let the lamb scare you! Lamb is usually too tough for me unless shaved like in a typical gyro sandwich. The flavor is out of this word. I could seriously go on for days about those "tacos." Everyone was super friendly, it's so clean, hip and new. Take the time to hit up this spot in Downtown LV!
5	Quaint and quiet (at least during this Sunday mid-afternoon), this restaurant is a little gem and a welcome addition to Downtown Las Vegas. The bartender, Tara, was extremely friendly, professional, and helpful. She made some very good recommendations with the menu. The Crispy Chicken Skins are everything they're hyped up to be. The Broccoli Crunch salad provided a nice balance. The Glazed Donut Bread Pudding was absolutely phenomenal. I can't wait to return to try some of the other menu items (like the bacon jam)! I can imagine this place is swamped for lunch and dinner.
5	Refreshing!! Small plates with awesome flavor collaborations! Bacon Jam... Mac and cheese... Chicken skins... Oxtail... I'll be a regular for sure:)
1	This place was so bad that I used my first review to voice a disappointment rather than a commendation.Bunch of pretentious jackasses that work here. The waitress is either high on something or dumb as hell. Her demeanor was that we intruded into her day. The attitude towards the non hipster crowd was horrendous. The food (at least the appetizers) was drowning in MSG. (Mono sodium Glutamate)  Sad. Finding this place was also an issue given there was no signage anywhere. Had high hopes for this place. Very disappointed.
4	Love this downtown location especially with the revamp happening! The venue is small but still inviting and modern. The cocktails were decent; I love when restaurants try new flavors or recipes. The food was just okay for me. The chicken skins were served with a honey dipping sauce and were perfectly crispy. I heard the SPAM croquettes were really salty so we ordered them without additional salt and they were good that way. I was glad we decided to do that. The gyro lamb tacos were good but I love tacos in general. The Wellington empanadas were probably my favorite - crusty on the outside and juicy on the inside. The Rabbit Ragu with Squash Spaghetti was decent. I always prefer carbs though, so I would've loved it with pasta. ;) but the Mac & Cheese.... Oh my goodness. I couldn't stop eating it. If you're in the downtown area, you've gotta try this spot for yourself. I love that there are places like this opening up. I really hope they do well! Good luck Carson's Kitchen!
4	Was amazingly surprised. The seating was tight but for our party of 6 including CrossFit Athlete Cheryl Brost and her Husband Troy this was a great Dinner.Two words: Bacon Jam. WOW WOW  WOW - The Deviled Eggs were excellent as wellThe Beer selection was too different for my standard, Pyrate or Duval but they were fun to explore new labels I never heard of. The Design of the place is amazing and we all polished our plates with 100% satisfaction - Leave room for dessert cause Kerry Simons Carson Kitchen will leave an impression on your appetite and Heart. Bravo!!
1	This is the problem with the 'new downtown.' The attitude of these new business owners is abhorrent. They come here to Vegas, full of pompous flatulence. They believe that since they are "new and hip," that the general public should bend over and keep their mouth shut.Yes, you did invite me to go into further detail. However, unlike you, (whom I was well aware of your presence while we dined because you sat right behind us), I have my own business to run.I also advised you that as soon as I had a chance I would be more than happy to discuss. I was there only 2 days ago. I am a Vegas native, born and raised. In fact, my family opened one of the first ethnic restaurants here in the late 50's. I grew up working there so I know a little about the food industry.So, here are the issues in greater detail.We arrived at approximately 13:45. We were a party of 6. Upon stepping in, we were greeted with several looks of disdain. The "what the hell do these people want" look of disdain. However, the subsequent customers that walked in were greeted with smiles. I guess I should have come in my skinny jeans and plaid shirt.Once we were greeted by your hostess, we had requested the table in the corner to avoid the sun. We were told that that table was unavailable. (Come to find out it was unavailable because you were going to sit there). We sat down at the table directly behind the hostess stand. The waitress did not come greet us until approximately 5 minutes after we sat down. At which time she asked us if we were ready to order. We stated not yet as we just had  sat down. She took our  drink order ( Three waters, no ice. Three waters with ice with lemons. One cup of coffee and an iced tea.  She returned with four glasses of water, two with and two without ice. No lemons. Coffee and iced tea were delivered (without accompaniments) She asked again whether we were ready to order again. To which we stated we would like more time. Her face expression at that moment was best described as utter contempt. Then she just stood there at the table with that same look which she shared with another staff member as they walked by. To attempt on getting her to not stand there, my colleague and sister both asked the waitress (Paige-according to my bill) for sweetener for my father's iced tea and cream for my aunt's coffee. To which she replied, "sweetener? Oh yeah, we have that." Then it took a good three seconds for her to physically react. As she reached for the sweetener caddy, she remarked, "oh, we have syrup too." She proceeded to as your bartender for the syrup where I overheard her ask for the 'simple syrup.'My sister said, "oh, that's nice but is it Agave syrup, because my dad is diabetic." Waitress handed the syrup to my sister stammering something about ," yeah it is... it's syrup... yeah it's  AH GAH BAY... uh yeah it's mixed in there. " My sister inspected it and it appeared to be simple syrup. Coupled with the waitress' response, I told my sister not to give it to my dad and to not trust her statement.Then we indicated we were ready to order. We ordered the broccoli crunch, gyro tacos, deviled eggs and the chicken skins. She asked us if we were ready to oder our entrees to which we replied, "yes."My dad ordered the Chicken Thighs. My sister added three more orders of the Thighs to cover my aunt, colleague, and mother. My sister proceeded to ask about the oxtail risotto about what it's like. Waitress responded, "it's good..." as though she wasn't so sure herself. At that point, supervisor,? manager? walked over to waitress and whispered something to her. She then in turn stated, almost accusatorially, "the manager just told me we are out of the chicken thighs."oh ok."What else do you want to order?" To which we all said, "since there are no thighs, we would like a few more moments to look at our options." She huffed and walked away. She proceeded to step away and stand at the hostess table occasionally glaring back at the table as if we had done something wrong. Once our food order was placed, you and your colleagues sat behind us. Your food arrived very quickly. Ours didn't. As I stated in the prior review, one bite of Chicken Skins told me that the lack of proper flavoring was compensated by immersion of MSG. The risotto was a gloppy tasteless mess. My dad stated," they must've just waved the oxtail over this mess. I can't taste anything that resembles oxtail in it."The deviled eggs were runny and small. The butter burger had no real flavor but for the fancy cheese that was on it. The flatbreads were average in flavor and taste. The short rib sliders were overcooked and very small. At no time did our waitress come to check on us after the food was delivered nor were our drinks refilled. I wrote the prior review as I sat there and watched you and your staff react to it. Only problem was that nothing was done for your diners that were there.'Thoughtful' enough for you?
5	This place had so much personality and so unique for downtown Las Vegas. The food and drinks are excellent.
5	Amazing!  Service was phenomenal thanks to Nicole our server.  The fried green tomato sandwich and the gyro tacos take the cake for the best plates that I had, but the Mac n cheese was a close second!  Be sure to check out the rooftop once the weather cools!
4	The place is small and there is still a bit of miscommunication but I'm sure they will work it out.  The food is outstanding.  First time, I had the Turkey burger and it was spicy but delicious.  The tatter tots were great.   Came back and sat outside.  A bit hot even at night but enjoyable.  Will be nicer as it cools a bit.  Order gyro taco and chicken skins.  Both were excellent.  Friend ordered sliders which were "not bad."
5	This post was made accidentally and I don't know how to delete it.  I haven't eaten here.
4	I have mixed feelings about this place, but the good outweigh the bad, so I definitely recommend anyone to try it.The first time I went here was for dinner.  I got the rabbit ragu and my husband got the oxtail risotto.  Both were absolutely delicious, but very small portions.  Now, the prices were $12 and $14, respectively, which I thought were a little steep for the amount of food that came with it.  A friend of ours got the beet salad ($8) and I was again shocked at the small portion size.  We also had a few cocktails ($12 each) which were good, but again a small pour for the price.  I also remember it being extremely LOUD in there because of the design/layout/building materials.  Our waiter had to lean in and ask us multiple times what we had said and I felt like I was shouting at him.  So my first impression was: very good food, but kinda expensive for what you get.Second time we came for lunch.  I got the fried green tomato sandwich which comes with tater tots.  My husband got the gyro tacos.  Then we shared the bread pudding for dessert.  The sandwiches and sharing plate prices are much more on point with serving size.  The fried green tomato sandwich was really quite scrumptious and had this nice crab ravigote on it.  The sandwich plus tots was $10.  Cheaper than the entrees, with more substance!  The gyro tacos came with three to the order,  and were also $10.  The tacos were mucho spicy, beware!  Also, my husband got a craft beer in a bottle for only like $5.In conclusion, I like this place for lunch type food and beer.  Dinner food and the cocktails are just a little too expensive for me.  Whatever you get will be delicious.  AND I also just found out they have a rooftop patio which will be delightful!
4	Good things first: -Food was DELICIOUS! We loved everything we ate. Tempura green beans were super yum, I could have eaten another entire platter of them especially with that cream cheese pepper jam dipping sauce. I had the short rib sliders and they were delectable with a nice sweetness to the meat. My husband, a vegetarian, had the fried green tomato sandwich and loved it. -Service was terrific! Our server was attentive, funny, and helpful. I was never without water. Great experience there. -Prices were very reasonable for the quality of food. And our portion sizes were great. I left STUFFED. Now a few bad, which is the only reason I've taken off one star:-The seating is terribly uncomfortable. We were seated at the communal table with high wooden chairs. The seats of the chairs just aren't quite long enough so they cut me off at mid-thigh, painfully. Also, there is a poured concrete "step" around the table. I'm thinking this was for you to rest your feet on, but it's not high enough for my legs to reach, so was pointless. I still had to rest my legs on my chair. I am 5'7". Also, the concrete slab makes it impossible to pull your chair all the way in to the table, making me just a bit too far away to sit and eat without having to lean in. Awkward. -I ordered a "microbrew" soda, they have a few on the menu, and I was excited to try Dr. Better. It was served to me with the bottle and a glass of ice. Great, except the bottle was warm. Not like only-recently-placed-in-the-refrigerator-to-chill warm. It was HOT like it was sitting in a non-air conditioned storeroom. My friend's soda was also served to him in a warm bottle. It was unfortunate because the flavor of the soda was diluted by pouring it warm over the ice. Why would they not serve it chilled? Do they not have a room for a soda refrigerator? It struck me as strange. And irritating. -It was really loud in there. The music wasn't loud, but all those folks talking in such a small space made for a noisy noisy dining experience. It was hard to have a conversation between just me, my husband, and our friend. Oh well. Overall though, we will definitely be back because the food and service was great and there are other things I want to try. I will however try to grin and bear it while sitting on their uncomfortable seats, not bother ordering a soda again, and will forgo conversation and just focus on eating!
5	Amazing place!  Hard to believe they have only been open 6 weeks!!!   The food was amazing, the service was as good as it gets and the atmosphere was perfection!!!  I am in LV for a business trip and have to come here every 6 months for work, this is now going to be a permanent stop for me!  I had the Deviled Eggs (OMG), the Mac n Chz, and a burger (I though Gordon Ramsey was the best, but this place shot him right out of the water).  We had too much food to do dessert, but the bread pudding looked incredible!!!  Looking forward to Jan and coming back to eat at Carson Kitchen again.
5	You have to know someone who's eaten here to know about Carson Kitchen because the signage is basically hidden. At first I was annoyed, but after my dining experience, I was like, I get it!It did not disappoint! We had the delicious Wellington Empenada, the AMAZING Mac-n-cheese, the crunchy broccoli, the buttery burger and tasty tots, and lastly the beautiful rainbow cauliflower. (These are my adjectives, not theirs) With an open kitchen, a big bar, a back patio and a rooftop, they created a cool, hip vibe! The hostess was super friendly and welcoming. The server seemed happy to be at work and proud of the food he was serving us. Then the bill comes out in a vintage book that previous guests have signed. So from first impressions to last impressions, it was consistently a pleasant surprise. The next time I take a visitor downtown, this is where we're going! I can't wait to experience their night time ambiance. I bet it's rad.
4	Had lunch here with a friend. The food was overall pretty delicious. We had the beets (fantastic), the mac n cheese (nom nom), and the wild mushroom flat bread (great). The food was really good and we both enjoyed lunch.We ordered the twinky for dessert and it was just meh. My friend didn't like it at all. I liked the flavors but not the texture...gummy & crumbly at the same time.My friend brought her kid (under 1 year) who slept through the whole meal so that was fine. I don't recommend this place for kids though.We got there right at 11 so there wasn't much wait. It was packed when we left so get there early. I also felt like the waitress was kinda rushing us to leave which always irritates me...we were barely there an hour. Overall I'll be back - close to work and yummy!
5	What can I say that someone else hasn't already said?  We got there at 6pm on a Friday night and it was pretty quiet (actually the calm before the storm).  Our server Kirsten was attentive, very knowledgeable about their dishes, too.  She made us feel comfortable--never rushed, even took pix of us LOL.  The spicy rabbit ragu over spaghetti squash is great, especially if you're living primal and so were the lemony-kissed veal meatballs.  Had to try the beet and pistachio salad since we were up at the counter and could watch them being prepped.  The food presentation is gorgeous and the food was flavorful (and if you've seen my other reviews, you know I really appreciate "pretty" and scrumptious food)--a feast for the eyes and palate.  So what are you waiting for?  Check it out!  (If you can find it, no signage above the door, but it was part of the adventure.) Go early or at an "off" time because by the time we left, there were crowds at the door.
4	I was hesitant to try Carson Kitchen after I had tasted the less than impressive desserts from Simon Kitchen and Bar at the Epicurean Affair. I arrived at 5:45 and there was a 30 min wait for a table so we decided to have dinner at the bar. We were greeted by an Irish bartender with a large personality. I ordered the Mac & cheese, jerk turkey burger, and glazed donut bread pudding. The Mac & cheese was the best macaroni I have had in a very long time. The noodles were still al dente even though they were sitting in a creamy sauce and baked in the oven. Flavor was bold and I enjoyed the bread crumbs on the top, however they were only on half of the dish. When I tasted the burger all I could taste was the potent star anise spice. Burger had potential but the spice ratios need to be toned down. I barely touched the side of tater tots because they were too greasy. I thought the dessert was decadent and very moist for a bread pudding.
4	Been here twice now. Cool concept, it's always packed though so prepare to make friends at the communal style tables. Food comes piping hot as it is prepared so it's probably best for everyone in your party to approach your meal 'family style' if dining with a large group. Don't Miss: Veal MeatballsCauliflowerBeet Salad - Although portion size is ridiculously small for the price...sharing this dish is nearly impossible if you want more than one bite. Broccoli SaladTater Tots - Yes...they definitely came out of a freezer bag you could buy for $1, but just trust me on this one. Chicken Thighs Good:Oxtail RisottoCocktails Doughnut Bread PuddingDecent: Shortrib Sliders - They were fine, but nothing specialSkip: Mac & Cheese - Same old truffle oil with a bunch of cheese. Honestly nothing special and extremely heavy and greasy.Overall really cool concept. Not sure if I'll be a 'regular' at this spot but would recommend it to friends. Dined upstairs on the patio as well as the main dining room. Wait for a table downstairs if you're dining in the summer unless you're looking to sweat to death during dinner. The Patio has no misters or anything for that matter to keep you cool.
5	Try the tempura green beans, short rib sliders and bread pudding made with glazed donuts from O Face next door  - ahhhhhmazing!  Might be a long wait to get a seat but totally worth it! Staff is exceptional and food was out of this world!  Call ahead seating available, no reservations unfortunately. Outdoor seating will be available once it cools down - looking forward to it!
3	Decent restaurant with okay food but not high brow enough to be called a good tapas place. short rib sliders: WAY TOO SWEET. tasted like pure sugar and the meat was dry.  Would not get again. Mac and Cheese: decent, enjoyed the crust, nothing exceptional. rainbow cauliflower: very garlicky (in a good way) and spicy.  I'd say prob a 8/10. Good but again, not exceptional. I was disappointed that the cocktails were not strong at all. If i'm paying 13$ for a cocktail I expect it to pack a punch, unfortunately they just tasted like juice. I was also really annoyed that the waiter kept pushing me to either 1. buy a drink or 2. buy a more expensive drink. Nothing bugs me more than pushy service.
3	It's so easy to miss the first time you go, because their restaurant name is at the bottom of one of the windows. You'll spot it if you notice the crowd inside and on the roof. The food was fine, though nothing I would crave enough to go again. The Wellington Empanada was a cooked just right, but a little too salty for me. The drinks were strong and the bartenders were as slow as molasses, so I wasn't a huge fan. The service was great and the staff was so helpful. A few hiccups of forgotten refills and plates to the wrong table, but it happens with new spots and they handled it with a bit a humor. Overall, it was nice to check it out, but I don't know if I would go anytime soon.
5	Delicious and creative food selection, amazing cocktails, fair prices and friendly service. A proud addition to Las Vegas and the downtown community. JUST DO NOT PARK ACROSS THE STREET AT THE POST OFFICE. They'll tow your car before you get your appetizers!
3	We arrived at Carson's Saturday afternoon after searching for it as we drove down Carson Street. The resturant is situated in the Old John Carson Hotel.  You have to look for it. The name is located on the lower part of the window in black letters, hard to distiguish with the glare from the sun. We entered  Carson's K and there were a few people there and it was nice a quiet. The place is nicely decorated and we like the mixture of woods, metal and tile work. The kitchen is open which I liked but the tables are mostly big tables that I assume you would share with other people you do not know if your party is only two people. That would not be so bad if the stools were not so close together. I am have wide shoulders and so does my partner and to be honest, it is not comfortable if you are paying for an experience.  I like experiences but not if I am being intruded by people who are sitting right on top of me. We sat in at a table across from the bar with a view of the old Post Office. We were immediately greeted by our server who was friendly and listed all of the foods that we had questions about. She took our drink order and after some time we ate our first choice,  the Crispy Chicken skins......Ok, we normally do not eat skin, but this was pure heaven. They were crisp and perfectly seasoned. I like the honey sauce that came along with it. A short time later, our orders arrived:  me the Fried Green Tomato with lump crab ravigote. It was great. I wish there more tomatoes on it. The tomatoes were lightly breaded and fried.  PERFECT!!!!  Kerry, tell the cooks to put more on there. The tator tots were crispy and fresh and not as greasy as I thought they would be. My other half had the Butter Burger with boursin and chedder. The cheese was a little too heady (spelling?) and it did not taste so hot. The burger itself was good. It was not dry and had a great flavor to it. My partner ate it all up after scraping the cheeses off. Our services was good, not great.  Our drinks were never refilled or were we asked if we wanted more to drink....bad!!!  When I go out, I want service, not half hearted, come on strong them leave me waiting. That is not a way to win a repeat. Aside from that, everything else was good. I am not sure if we will be back. The place is small and I can not imagine how crowded it must get at night.  I wonder why they did not build a larger space. FOOD:                AATMOSPHERE: ASERVICE:          CPRICE:               B the portions are enough if you are starving.
5	Absolutely the best grind in Las Vegas! Great food and atmosphere! Dakota our server rocks
5	This place is a hidden gem! Though apparently not too hidden because the place was packed. Ariel was our super server, but at some point during the night nearly every server checked on us to make sure we had whatever we needed. Service is absolutely exceptional! The food was also fantastic...had the tempura green beans with the most flavorful dipping sauce, the lamb tacos and turkey burger which were both super tasty, and the Bourbon Brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream that CHANGED MY LIFE. There are no words to describe how good this is. Just get it.
5	A crowded eatery means  the food is good,  and at Carson kitchen it really is.  Space is really utilized in this small place,  so you might have to wait a little to get a table or bar seat.The stacked tomato is a caprese salad dressed to impress,  the flavors are clean and crisp.   Chicken skins are not really my style,  but if you're craving something crispy and salty these are perfect. The jerk turkey burger is perfectly seasoned,  and big.
5	Firstly, hats off to chef Charlene for making a kick-ass mushroom flatbread. That thing was amazing. What really left me drooling and wanting to return was the bacon jelly. I doubt humans have before or will ever again invent a better reason for existing on this earth.The atmosphere near sundown on the rooftop is definitely something to appreciate. It left an intimate setting for my group and I and made the whole experience something to look forward to repeating on our next trip to Vegas.P.S. Thanks to Matt the manager for coming to our table and making sure all was well. Great staff.
1	Rude hostess and owner. We came with a party of 10. First it was 30 minutes wait. Then 45 minutes. Some of the party left and tables became open but hostess refused to seat us any sooner or accommodate us while we were waiting. We finally left and went next door for a donut. O face donuts is awesome next door!  Vegas is all about customer service and there was none at Carson Kitchen.  We will not be returning.
5	Loved the atmosphere here! All of our food was out of the kitchen in a flash and deliciously prepared-delivered by our smiling server who kept our drinks replenished. Chicken skins, bacon jam, mac and cheese, rainbow cauliflower, tempura green beans, and butter burger with tots- all will be ordered again!  Nice patio space right outside the lower level dining area. Looking forward to going back with our family and trying everything else on the menu while dining on the rooftop.  Comfort food in a comfortable atmosphere-this restaurant should be on every local's must try list.
5	In the past 6 months, downtown Las Vegas has been booming. The latest buzz happens to be the John E. Carson building on Carson and 6th Ave. This converted hotel now houses some of the coolest, most innovative business downtown like Bud & Vine, Grass Roots and O Face Doughnuts. For this review, I wanted to visit a restaurant who's food and drinks have been the center of conversation at work. I'm talking about Kerry Simon's Carson Kitchen. What drew me to the joint was the innovative spin on modern classics. Recommendations seem to pour my way about the food and drinks offered. Approaching the joint, you'll notice the restaurant name etched into the windows. Enter the place and you'll quickly realize the dramatic spin Carson Kitchen hosts. The lighting was more on the intimate side, however, large windows offered more natural light during my early dinner visit. What I can say is this place offers a very eclectic feel. You have butcher block wooden table tops and bar tops, out of the box lighting fixtures shaped like jars and what seemed like a wheel of Swiss cheese and twisted metal separators from the bar and dining area, giving the illusion of streamers. For this visit, a friend and I decided to sit at the bar to order some cocktails and light bites. Our bartender this evening was Stephanie and the bar back, Danny. Stephanie to me, is the epitome of customer service. She took the time to get to know us from the moment we sat down. She was personable, humorous and gave us some amazing recommendations when solicited.Stephanie recommended a couple of drinks to try that evening. Both recommendations came from the popularity of her customers. Here's what I got: The Magarian for $10. Aviation gin, thyme and honey syrup, fresh lemon, Mr. Q Cumber soda and garnished with a cucumber slice and sprigs of thyme. It was clean and super refreshing. Ever flavor was prominent and really stood out on its own, yet came together very nicely. To me, the gin and lemon flavors married well and there was a refreshing thyme and cucumber finish.The Town's End for $11. Slow and Low whiskey, Fernet Vittone, Amaro del Sole, Regan's bitters #6 and Angostura bitters. This drink is true strong sipper. It gives off the vibe of a "gentleman's cocktail," although great for all sexes, or a porch drink enjoyed on southern summer afternoon. What this drink is know for is the big spherical shaped ice that fills the glass. The whiskey and Fernet make for a deep, rich flavor and the bitters bring an elegant bite. I love how the whiskey was the true star of the show, however, the earthiness of the Fernet peaks through at some point and ends on a sweet note. Definitely a great drink to try!Trust me, you do NOT want to stop there. While you're here, you should definitely take advantage of their food. After all, they are first a foremost, a restaurant. To go along with out wonderful cocktails, we also decided to order a few "Social Plates" from the menu. We got the:Bacon Jam for $12. Bacon jam topped with Brie cheese and served with toasted baguette. The smokiness of the bacon and sweetness of the jam worked harmoniously. Top it with the creaminess of the Brie and you've got a perfect topping for the crunchy baguette. Really a great dish! Tempura Green Beans for $6. Served with pepper jelly and cream cheese. I was told this was life changing. And it was. The pepper jelly and cream cheese combo brought me back to my younger years, eating it with Ritz crackers. Today, I was taken to an even better place with the crunchy and fresh taste of the tempura batter and green beans. Such a great combination. I HIGHLY recommend this.Gyro Tacos for $10. Lamb, Tzatziki sauce, cucumber, tomatoes, cilantro and feta. This dish has a strong Mediterranean presence. The lamb was seasoned well and the Tzatziki sauce married the meat, tomatoes and cucumbers quite nicely. Spicy Mushroom flatbread for $12. Spicy sausage, homemade ricotta, broccoli and fennel. Probably the best part of the meal for me. A super savory dish with lots of sausage and caraway seeds. It wasn't too spicy and allowed you to enjoy the flavors. The broccoli, although not common on flatbreads, really brought a nice clean texture to the mix, along with the fennel. I really loved this dish and know you will too!The one question I kept asking myself was why I haven't visited sooner. This place is exactly what the downtown scene needs. It's fun, full of personality and offers yet another great option for diners and drinkers alike. I can see this place appealing to the masses of folks looking to catch up with old friends or meeting that blind date for nice evening. Overall, this place definitely has a good social vibe and was made for the intent of Downtown Las Vegas: the intent of collisions.
5	This place is awesome! There bacon jam is heaven in your mouth. The sliders and macaroni are awesome. If you are in Las Vegas this is a must. This place a a great retro look to it. Most people that come here wear button up shirt with jeans. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Rabbit was extremely good.  Tasted like shredded dark meat chicken, but has an extra thing about it that came from rabbit.  Normally rabbit is very fatty, but shredding it makes it very balanced.Oxtail was unusual and extremely good.  Again oxtail is very flavorful but on the fatty side, so shredding makes it balance and complements the risotto that goes with it.
4	Carson Kitchen has been on my radar from the moment they opened and I was excited to give them a try for my good friend's birthday dinner. We arrived around 5:30, and they were just on the cusp of getting busy, so it was great timing. The entrance is a little obscure and there are two doors right next to each other, so it's a little difficult to figure out which one is the one you can enter through. We approached and tried the door and when it didn't open we walked around to the other side of the building and then had to walk back and realized there was another door right next to the one I had just tried. When we walked in, the hostess mentioned seeing us miss the door and walk around and I kind of wondered why didn't she didn't come out to let us know instead of just watching us wander around the building. I saw this same thing happen to a number of other customers as well, so they might need a sign or something. Once seated, our server was very attentive and friendly. We quickly ordered some cocktails and sodas and he let us peruse the menu for a while. There aren't a huge number of menu items to choose from, but almost all of them caught my eye, so we decided to share a number of items amongst the group. Items selected: -Cocoa espresso NY strip steak -Devil's eggs with caviar and crispy pancetta-Crispy chicken skins with a smoked honey dipping sauce-Beef Wellington empanadas-Butter burger spicy tater tots Everything we tried was great. The strip steak was perfectly cooked and had a nice rich flavor. The deviled eggs were a highlight of the meal. They were rich and a great twist on the typical deviled egg. The chicken skins were very rich and I'd recommend sharing these with a larger group to save you a stomachache. The Beef Wellington empanadas were very tasty, although I did feel a little more sauce would have enhanced the dish quite a bit. The butter burger was very basic, so I probably wouldn't order this dish again. Service was attentive and their cocktails were solid. I look forward to trying out the rest of their menu soon.
4	Started my weekend off right with my favorite couple, Christina W. and Arvin C. and my fiance' and I having a double date night! We've been curious of the buzz and were heading to DCR so we looked through bookmarks for something nearby. It was busy, but we were able to have a table upstairs on the cute rooftop patio.We just ate family style and shared all our items. Wellington Empanada- the empanada serving comes with 2. This was crispy but the flavors were just A-OK for me. Roasted young beets - I'm a sucker for the trifecta of beets, with a soft cheese (goat cheese in this case) and pistachios. The orange slices and microgreens were nice in this. Solid salad. Rainbow Cauliflower - it's really simple, but it's done right. Nice roast and seasoning on it. Chicken Skin - these were delish and naughty! The smoked honey reminds me of being a kid and dipping KFC chicken in those janky honey sauce packets that come with the biscuit. The following is more meal portioned than appetizers as they are sandwiches plus spicy tater tots. Fried Green Tomato Sandwich - this was lovely as it had a lump crab ravigote salad and greens that went perfectly with the crispy fried tomato and I enjoyed the bread quite a bit. Short Rib Sliders- came with 3. The root beer glaze was sweet, but it worked for me. It reminds me of this braised pork dish that's cooked in root beer and spices. The tater tots were standard, but good. Real crispy and dusted with seasoning spices. Then for dessert we tried the glazed donut bread pudding. They use day old donuts from O Face next door. It was soft and moist and the sauce reminds me of a bananas foster. Real good. Service was pretty good. They were doing training so we had the attention of a server and their trainee. Drinks were refilled in a timely manner and they were friendly and paced out our food pretty well too.Overall, I enjoyed the food and didn't think it was outrageously priced, but can be the type of place to add up quick when you go small plates. Out of all the items we got, the Fried Green Tomato sandwich was the best deal, but it also was my favorite dish.With that said, I think $75 for four is not a bad price for what we received in flavor and quality. I will be back soon as I need more fried green tomato sandwiches in my life.
5	Big wow. Excellent meal. All I can say is bacon jam scrumptious. The Wellington empanadas are amazing, the dough and filling are just superb. Nice touch on the truffle oil Mac and cheese. Rabbit ragu and the black rice oxtail risotto was delicious, I love the rootbeer reduction on the sliders. And of course the final touch glaze donut bread pudding. The best bread pudding I've ever had, wow wow and wow!!!!
5	The bartender said that we were probably the first non-locals that had been in there. I'm sure we won't be the last. The food was amazing. Particularly the empanadas and the mac & cheese.
4	Great food, great staff, great feel. When in vegas you should check this out and hang with the some local.
4	Carson Kitchen is AMAZING!!!!  Cool new spot downtown, great outdoor seating, awesome staff and the food is soooo good!!!!!  New fave!!!
5	Absolutely love this place. The decor, the food, the servers, and the vibe all match the growing trend of Downtown's vibrant food culture. Carson Kitchen's menu is refreshing and worth every penny. I was with a group of friends and everything we ordered far exceeded what we expected. We had ordered the deviled eggs and chicken skins to start off with. The eggs were so soft and very airy and the chicken skins were the crunchiest I've ever had. We each ordered different entrees, but we had ordered the butter burger, which was a perfect medium-rare, the chicken thighs, rabbit ragu, and the black rice risotto. I ordered the risotto and it was a smooth, creamy texture and the black rice was al dente, just how I like it. The rabbit ragu was hearty and the rabbit wasn't very gamey. The butter burger was juicy and flavourful and the chicken thighs with chimichurri were herby and light.All in all, this place should be on everyone's list of places to eat. Definitely worth it.
3	Carson Kitchen is a welcome addition to downtown Las Vegas.  (Rating = 3.5 )First the food - I came for lunch and due to the price point and the fact that my stomach is often smaller than my brain thinks it is, I decided to try the two most commonly mentioned appetizers instead of entrees.  I ordered the bacon jam/brie with toast and the crispy chicken skins.The bacon jam/brie is good.  It didn't knock my socks off but I admit there was something addictive about it and I couldn't stop eating it either. I wish there was more brie (just a small puddle in the middle of the jam was all I could see) and I wish the jam was just a bit less sweet and more smokey more brie would definitely improve this dish.  I would rate it a 4 out of 5 except the toast too dry and toasted for my preference creating too crunchy of a surface that didn't absorb any of the jam. so 3.5 Price 14.00The Crispy Chicken Skins is a decadent fried treat accompanied by a honey dipping sauce.  The skins themselves are delicately fried so that the coating doesn't overpower the taste of the skin.  Dipped in the honey they were very good.  Dipped in the bacon jam made them even better as the taste of the skin nullified some of the sweetness of the jam and the bacon flavor went very well with the light saltiness of the skin.  4 out of 5. Price 5.00  Price point - The meal above plus an iced tea cost me $22.00 for lunch and to be honest with you the value simply wasn't there.   Even for downtown and especially for the location.  I don't feel like I received $19.00 in food quantity combined with quality.   The bacon jam was the culprit costing more than most of the sandwiches. I felt the price of the chicken skins was reasonable. 3 starsNote: The below is for info only and did not change my score.The ambiance is that of a busy bar. The dining area is small with several community sized tables and the setup is clearly intended to foster socializing with tablemates/bar mates. There appears to be 2 bars with seating and a handful of tables.  There is an upstairs that is open on the roof however it won't open for lunch until September or October when it is cooler.  The tables are very close together and it is difficult to move about without bumping a chair or a server scurrying to keep up with the crowd.  The location is in the recently reclaimed hotel on Carson/6th right behind the post office.  There is zero signage on Carson street to let you know they are a restaurant or even open and the windows are tinted so you can't see until you get very close.The service at the bar was great and the bartender very friendly and informative.  The check comes in a book which has signatures and notes from other patrons written in the book, an interesting touch.    I didn't get a direct interaction with the waitstaff but observing them they all seemed very attentive to their tables and seemed to be processing food and orders quickly.  There were a few other menu items that look good and I will be back, hopefully able to move the score up a bit.  The bread pudding looked delicious.
4	Have been on two separate occasions. Sat at a table by the window the first time and at the countertop the second time. Great service and awesome food both times. Loved the tempura green beans and butter burger with tots.
3	Visiting Carson Kitchen was on my "must do" list for my next trip to Vegas.  A group of four of us arrived a little after 11am so there was no waiting.We had the empanadas which were a disappointment.  The flavor was odd or off, unappetizing -- maybe it's the mushrooms.  One of the empanadas was half filled with gristle & fat which the eater spit out onto her plate.  We debated sending the dish back, hard to do when it comes with 4 bites and everyone took one.We had the bacon jam which was good, make sure to get the extra toast.Then we had devil eggs which were average, not notable in any way except for a little caviar.  Beet salad which was fine.  The tomatoes in the stacked salad were not ripe -- something you might buy at cheap grocery store.  I know it's not quite tomato season, but the bland, hard meat of the tomato spoiled the dish.  The short rib sliders which were superb with with sweetly root beer sauce (and tater tots on the side).  I could probably eat these every day.  This would be my go-to item.  The mushroom flat bread was very good.  The gyros soft tacos were over salted.The service was wonderful.The scores for the food were 2, 4, 3, 3, 2, 5, 4, 3, for an average a little over 3.  Very uneven food.  The rating should be 3.5.  Somewhere between "A-Okay" and "I'm a fan".  If we had had only the sliders, bacon jam, and flat bread we might have been looking a 5 star rating.  The service makes we want to push the rating to 4, but the empandas and tomatoes make me want to keep it at three.  The food will win.  3 stars.
3	SmallLoudBusyMediocre serviceThe Swordfish was quite good. Interesting and beautifully presented.The rainbow Cauliflower was over seasoned and had too much lemon.There is no beer on tap our bottles were served without a glass.Jerk turkey Burger pretty good, served with tater tots.Devils eggs were interesting. The bacon and caviar were a good combination.
5	This is our first time here, first timers from Honolulu, holy shit this is some damn good food.  Small and home place with good people great staff and most importantly cooks that can cook.  Tara our waitress funny and professional. We will be back
4	Great Atmosphere... and the service was great! The lady behind the bar was very friendly! We will definitely be back! I have a date with the oxtail risotto!
4	I haven't really explored Downtown Las Vegas, but this place seemed like a rock star with the current 4.5 Yelp average and the recent glowing review by the New York Times critic. Even though I don't typically go out for American cuisine, and I haven't actually tried any of Kerry Simon's establishments, I resolved to take advantage of Michael U.'s invitation (and the pleasant company of Clint B.) to give Carson Kitchen a try.The entrance is actually on Carson, not 6th. It's in the southwest corner of the former Carson Hotel. Parking was readily available, and it's currently $1/hr (max 2 hrs) on the street.Carson Kitchen itself is one of those places with intentionally exposed pipes and lumber in the ceiling, wooden tables, dark but not muted colors, simple music like Sting or Aerosmith, and a not too loud volume of chatter, at least not during our lunch. Casual attire seemed to be the norm. I liked it since nothing in the atmosphere or decor really distracts you from whatever food (or liquor) you're partaking in.As is the case whenever you're attacking a menu with Michael, our order was enormous. We were able to split things from the Social Plates section of the menu easily, but we did need a serving spoon or fork for a couple of other items. And now, the blow-by-blow commentary:Devil's Eggs ($8): surprisingly light take on a classic. Pancetta stood out the most, couldn't taste the caviar too much, and it probably could've benefited from a little salt (to be fair, hard to judge when you only grab one of four bite-size pieces).Crispy Chicken Skins ($6): couldn't stop eating this. Savory, chip-like crunchy skin with more than enough (smoked, apparently) honey to dip it in. I could have ordered another had our meal not run so deep.Bacon Jam ($12): almost couldn't stop eating this one either. It's a sweet but still savory concoction with a classic complement in the form of melted brie. Michael is going to ream them for the extra bread that they gave us without asking and without mentioning that it would be any sort of extra charge. In the grand scheme, the $1.50 isn't too bad, but it makes you wonder what other stuff they might try to pull.Gyro Tacos ($10): the ground marinated lamb is actually a little bit higher quality than what I typically get at a gyro shop, but otherwise it just feels like a tapas-ized take on the classic gyro, with tzatziki, feta, cucumber, and tomato. It's worth a try if you're a lamb and/or gyro fan, but I personally would shy away next time.Rabbit Ragu ($12); I think this is actually my first time eating rabbit, and Elmer Fudd does now have more of my sympathy. Tasty meat, not gamy. Came with a fairly crunchy (fruit-crunchy, not chips-crunchy) spaghetti squash and grated parmesan. Was a little spicy, but even my wimpy palate tolerated it.Wellington Empanada ($10): ground beef tenderloin, with something that I had to Google called duxelles (buttery minced mushrooms, onions, herbs). Great crunchy empanada shell, really flavorful filling, good complement of a vinegar sauce of some sort on the plate.Sprouts & Spuds Hash ($10): probably the 3rd or 4th item I would re-order if I were to come back here. Properly cooked potatoes that have that bit of a crust but are so soft inside, with no trace of that raw potato flavor. Did not mind what I assume are baby brussels sprouts.Wild Mushroom Flatbread ($10): mushroom was good, caramelized onions were good, mozzarella was good. The cabrales bleu cheese was nice and creamy, and not quite as sharp as other bleu varieties. Unfortunately, I couldn't really taste the cabrales in a whole bite of flatbread and had to rely on eating it separately to enjoy it.[DESSERTS]Not Your Father's Twinkies ($8): flavor-wise, this somehow reminds me of the sweet dumpling dessert that I had last week at an Indian place. It does not resemble Twinkies at all, by the way. The mandarin orange coulis brightens the dessert.  I was the only one at the table who liked it though.Bourbon Fudge Brownie ($8): so heavy, so chocolatey, so yummy. The bourbon isn't too pronounced, and the bacon is something I always welcome in dessert. Eat the brown butter ice cream fast or it will melt on you. The kind of utter indulgence you expect from something called Bourbon Fudge Brownie.Glazed Donut Bread Pudding ($8): soft bread pudding with very restrained sweetness, lovely caramel and creme anglaise. I like all the desserts, but this one might be the one with the widest appeal since it's relatively safe.Overall, Carson Kitchen is a somewhat upscale take on American food, with commensurate increase in both quality and price. I wasn't too concerned with the bill since I figured it would be up there with how much we ordered, but a ~$45 w/ tip split was a little surprising. Then again, it's solid value for the sheer volume of menu items that we experienced. Given my usual budget, I'll have to hide for the rest of the week to absorb the hit, but it was worth it.
5	My first visit! Loved up to its reputation. Place was packed. Well earned NY Times praise in the Wednesday food section
5	This place was great! My wife and I sat at the upstairs bar and loved the atmosphere. It was lively but not crazy and the decor was a nice modern casual. Tara, our bartender, was incredibly friendly and made awesome drinks. My wife had a drink called the green tea and it was great. They had a nice selection of craft beer and I had a bottle of little sumpin sumpin. I had the short rib sliders with root beer glaze. I thought they were great. The meat was juicy and flavorful. The tater tots that they came with were good. My wife had the broccoli dish. It was fresh and very balanced combination of sweet and flavorful. It tasted healthy and totally hit the spot. Overall, nice atmosphere, great service, and great food. Would definitely come back.
4	Tucked away in a little corner downtown on 6th and Carson (hence the name), chef Simon Kerry and his team offer unique twists on American classics. There's only a few tables and bar-top seating. It was only my wife and I, so they sat us at the bar...right in front of the kitchen. Very cool. We chatted it up with the chef and enjoyed the casual, friendly atmosphere.Now onto the food:Bacon Jam with Brie: I liked this dish, but didn't love it. It had a "baked beans" flavor to it and it was just hard to get over how cloyingly sweet it was. But as sweet as it was, it wasn't very...well...jammy. I expected to be able to spread it on the toast points it came with, but it wasn't really like that. It also had one tiny strip of Brie down the middle. It could've used a little more.Veal meatballs: decadent, rich and spicy. This is stick-to-your-ribs food done well. The foie gras sauce was velvety and luxurious and the dish was seasoned perfectly. It just wasn't very balanced. Rich on top of rich on top of rich. It came garnished with English peas, so it'd been nice if they'd topped it off with a pea shoot salad with a sharp vinaigrette for some freshness. Gyro tacos: exactly like it sounds. But instead of slices of an emulsified slow roasted meat loaf, they used ground lamb. All the flavors were there. This was a solid dish and easily the lightest of the offerings we were served.Crispy chicken skins with smoked honey: it may sound heavy and greasy, but if you come to this place, you can't leave without trying them. They are light and crisp, succulent and savory. Like the best part about fried chicken without the grease and the stomach ache. Easily the best thing we ordered.Deviled eggs: you put caviar and pancetta on anything and I'll eat it. These were no exception. Simple. Elegant. Phenomenal.Wild mushroom pizza: nothing out of the ordinary. The crust was nice and crispy and the mushrooms themselves had a hint if thyme which works so well. The bleu cheese felt a little overpowering.Bread pudding: made from day old donuts from the shop next door, you'd think this would have been over the top sweet and rich. But it wasn't. Very light and airy. It had an almost savory quality to it probably due to the yeastyness of the donuts. Enjoyable.I'd like to come back here during the cold months. The food was great overall, but a bit rich and slightly unbalanced. A solid effort.
5	We were driving around downtown wanted to try out a few places we had yet to eat at but everything was closed for lunch, that's when we stumbled upon this little gem. Had I not been looking out the window I would of missed it since there's no sign except for a little one on the window. Luckily they were open for lunch and everything we had was amazing!!!! I was so impressed that they didn't skip on the decor and little things like plates and silverware. Service was spot on.. I just loved the whole over all experience. BRAVO CARSON KITCHEN,  you're doing it right!
4	I've been dying to come here since the minute it opened. I literally want everything on the menu. I've never been to a place where there isn't a thing I wouldn't eat.My waitress was awesome and super friendly, and there was the most handsome boy I have ever seen was expediting, so until my friend showed up, I stared directly at his butt.So far, this is a terribly written review.Anyhoo-My friend was late, so I ordered the beet salad. So delicious and perfectly balanced with the addition of goat cheese and orange.All I could think of was the hot guys butt, NO I MEAN TEMPURA GREEN BEANS WITH PEPPER JELLY CREAM CHEESE DIPPING SAUCE. I would dip anything into that, it's so good.Then I had the butter burger. I've been wanting to try one since I saw it on a tv food show about Wisconsin and I thought, I may be fat but I'm not flying to Wisconsin for a cheeseburger, even if coated with butter.(I realize that I COULD have made one at home, but space travel has also been invented and I'm not doing that either.).How was it you ask?Do you have to ask? It was DELICIOUS.DUH.It comes with tater tots. I almost bypassed them because I did fill up on vegetables, but they were the best tater tots I've ever had. Soooooo crispy on the outside and fluffy potato-y goodness on the inside.I WILL BE BACK.
4	This place is so hard to find, had maybe two other groups lost, walking around Carson St, trying to find the place.. It's located downtown so parking, of course, sucks! The place itself reminds of the other restaurant downtown, EAT. only because of the small space and the cool decors.Came here for quick Thursday lunch with the coworkers and this place was pretty loud, busy and packed!Item chosed was the Black Rice with Oxtail Risotto - very rich, heavy, and tasty! Don't let the small looks fool you.. I was very full half-way through. I also liked how every bite had a good chunk of oxtail meat.I really dig this place and can't wait to come back to hopefully try more items on the menu!
5	Everything was delicious. Short rib sliders have a sweet root beer glaze that is incredible. Mac and Cheese was insane. But the real winner was the Glazed Donut bread pudding! On top of that the service was top notch. Our waiter was more like a friend serving you food at his house. Constantly checked on us, made jokes, and was always smiling. We sat next to the kitchen which got pretty live. Made for great conversation and a first look at all the good food they were serving to other customers. Everytime I'm in Vegas I will be hitting this spot
5	I don't make it out to Downtown LV often, but that might have to change because of this place. I left here super full and satisfied. From the chicken skin dipped in honey to the tater tots that came with the short rib sliders, I can't really say anything disappointed me. We sat at the bar and our bartender was attentive the whole time and gave us amazing recommendations. It was a hot day and I wanted something refreshing and The Margarian hit the spot (Gin-based with cucumber soda). I'm glad she convinced us to get the donut bread pudding, too. Loved the music they were playing in here and the overall vibe of the place. Reminds me of San Francisco... without the long wait and paying $4/hour for parking.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!!! Cannot wait to try the rest of the menu!!! Our waiter "P.J." was nothing short of Awesome !!
3	I'm updating my review as I've visited a few more times. My office is very close so I was hopefully this would turn into a regular place, but alas, it's probably not to be.The second time I went we got seated at the bar. The bar is weirdly designed so you can't scoot your barstool close and the bar doesn't overhang enough. Anyways, I felt uncomfortable and like I was hunched over to reach the bar. So we were seated and a waitress got us water. Then that was it. Staff buzzed around us but no one took our order. After 20 minutes we just left. So weird.The third time there was an hour+ wait. We left. Get there by 11-11:30 or don't go.The fourth time we got there at 11:30 & got seated. I asked for a table & the hostess looked uncomfortable since the only table left was a 6-top, but their bar design sucks so I wanted a table. Anyways, the food was amazing. I had the fried green tomato crab sandwich. Soooo yummy. I scarfed it. The tomato was really great with the crab. Lots of crab and how ever it's cooked, it's great. A little messy but just delish. My friend got the butter burger. It was huge. It had two cheeses on it and looked like they did a good job of cooking it medium well per her order. The spicy tots were good...a little greesy but I ate them all.Overall I like this place but go early and they aren't winning points for service. I'd mark them lower for the terrible service but the food is just awesome.
5	Carson Kitchen embodies the spirit of the new downtown Las Vegas to the fullest.  The dining room; Just like DTLV is trying to create a sense of community, this restaurant is bringing a style of dining I have yet to see in Las Vegas, family style dining. This type of dining encourages conversation between complete strangers and usually ends up creating an atmosphere welcoming to all. An atmosphere some may say is similar to that of DTLV.  The food; DTLV is a place where trends come to be seen, the same can be said for Carson Kitchen for food trends. However, instead of being safe with food trends, they take trends and put their own twist on them. For example, they have fried chicken skins with their own spicy honey sauce, oxtail risotto, and bacon jam. All of which were delicious and simply addicting, especially the bacon jam (believe the hype). There is not much more to say, this place is fantastic and should definitely be on everyone's radar.
5	Food was great! Everything has flavor. We ordered almost everything on the menu and all of it amazing. Green beans, swordfish and butter burger!
5	The first time I had food from here, I didn't even have to go here. Food just fell on my lap and it was forkin glorious. The first time I actually went here, I was a bit lost since I'm kind of blind even with my hipster glasses on. It's right next door to O Face Doughnuts. I've also been here for my post-workout birthday lunch and a few other times...all because of a bowl of vegetables!Chicken:Chicken thigh that's simple but tasty. The skin is crisp but not overcooked. It's quite juicy. I paired this with their broccoli which was a bit spicy 4.5/5Rainbow Cauliflower:This is my favorite item on the menu. I never thought I'd say that the best dish I've had was a bowl of veggies let alone cauliflower! What crazy friggin ish is that? As a matter of fact, I crave a bowl all the time now. Garlicky, a bit of spice and a bit citrusy. I could eat this all day. A glowing 5/5Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak:Tender slices of beef with pink on the middle. Earthy and nutty because of the cocoa espresso but without being bitter. 4/5Swordfish: Flaky white fish with lemon, mint and basil. Refreshing, light and delicious 5/5Young Beets:I don't normally get too crazy over beets. The texture is mushy and tastes like dirt - CK was able to make me like beets. 4/5Gyro Tacos:Greek tacos with tender meat, feta and onions. Nothing complicated here. 4/5Chicken Skin:Comes with honey to dip the crunchy salty goodness that is chicken skin. Forget your healthy eating habits for a moment and indulge in this basket of magnificence. *crunch crunch crunch crack crack crack* was all I heard when this was brought to our table. 5/5Tomato Stack:Caprese salad, basically. 4/5Mac n Cheese:I don't know how they made such a simple comfort food to be better than most places. The crispy top, the creamy cheese sauce...yuuuummm!!! 5/5Devil's Eggs:Deviled eggs with caviar and pancetta. Absolutely delicious. With the caviar and pancetta, I thought this would be salty but I was wrong. Different textures in my mouth. 4.5/5They have a few tables by the window, a few stools by the kitchen and by the bar, and a community table. They also have outdoor seating. This is one of my favorite spots in Downtown Las Vegas.
4	This would easily be five stars if the prices were a little lower or the servings were a little larger. The food and service were faultless. Decor is modern industrial stark yet appealing. Note, the Carson Kitchen is on the Carson Street side of the building on the corner of 6th and Carson. The restaurant is not well marked, so it helps to know this. We went here on the strength of Yelp reviews and did love the food. My son now says forbidden black rice is THE thing for risotto. I had the Wellington empanadas. We shared bites and were impressed with both dishes. We wisely saved room to share the bourbon brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream; the flavors blended exquisitely. A bit expensive for lunch, but well worth it.
5	What a GEM of a place in Downtown Las Vegas...Went to a birthday celebration with friends this past saturday night and the atmosphere upstairs was amazing, the service incredibly attentive and fun and the food...OMG...just spectacular and fun too...loved every bite of everything we had....Our menu included their yummy bacon jam with brie cheese....to die for, crispy chicken skins with a honey -like dip ( seriously good), Rootbeer braised short rib sliders, an amazing roasted  beet salad, omg... then there were the Veal meatballs with the sherry foi gras cream ( could not get enough of these), then the swordfish, so delicate and full of flavor , the rabbit ragu served on spaghetti squash was D E L I C I O U S & THEN their baked mac and cheese that had the PERFECT amount of creaminess and then crunch on the top......oh my....I must go back for more of this soon...I mean the list goes on and on....My beverage was never empty unless I wanted it to be and then there was dessert....this Glazed Doughnut Bread pudding.....oh I think I will crave it constantly and I sure cannot forget to mention since I'm a dessert person...I had two desserts......so I had to have some of the Bourbon fudge Brownie with the Brown butter bacon Ice cream..that;s right...bacon in the ice cream...I mean who doesn't LOVE bacon?? The staff that waited on us was  Jenna &  Andrew- BartendersCourtney & Ariel - Servers and then Chuck the Manager ...amazing, fun and delightful staffI really can't wait to go back ...you absolutely MUST eat at Carson Kitchen...Did I mention how cool this place is...fun, eclectic and rustic atmosphere...not like any other place in town...probably because it's in an old hotel...check it out
4	Great place!! Great service!! AMAZING food! The swordfish, bacon jam are some of my favorites as well as the sprouts. Definitely check this place out ASAP!!!!
4	almost lives up to the hype. very friendly atmosphere and good ambiance. food was good but not worth the prices they are charging.
5	WOW!  Celebrated a big birthday with a friend here and what a great job they did.  We had the entire rooftop patio to ourselves and you'd have thought we were celebrities the way they treated us.  Everyone was very gracious and the food was amazing!  We had veal meatballs, bacon jam with brie, swordfish, roasted beet salad, as well as several other dishes and all was very tasty and well presented.  The best part was the glazed donut bread pudding.....OMG!!  Going back in September with an out of town friend and I can't wait to impress her with this place!
4	Nice new restaurant downtown.  Spacing is limited in the downstairs dining room.  Looking forward to dining al fresco on the upstairs patio once it cools off. I had the root beer sliders, meatballs, burger, devils eggs, and cucumber soda.  Loved everything.  Only gripe is the root beer sliders are too sweet and takes away from the integrity of the beef.  Portions are moderate and pricing is average to high.  Cool urban concept that looks to add to the growing downtown dining scene.  Service is casual but attentive.  The server recognized my friend from the last visit.
4	I went for the first time with my husband last night and we really enjoyed it! The food was good and the bread pudding is a must! The waitress ( young blond girl) was really nice and always smiling! We got to seat near the kitchen and it was cool to see them working on the different plates. The ambiance is really nice, really reminded us of Portland. Nice to see other restaurants that we enjoy that are not on the strip! We need more places like this!
4	Came here on a date night with the hubby for our anniversary dinner.  We wanted something low-key and casual, but with good food. This place totally delivered.  We actually didn't make it passed the starters because they all sounded so good we just couldn't decide, so we had most of them for our dinner! The cavier deviled eggs were amazing, the bacon jam with brie is delish!! I loved the tempura green beans, they were crispy & not soggy or greasy at all!  We also had the wellington empanadas and they were spot on!  We had the crispy chicken skins too and they were ok, not my favorite.  The dessert was amazing!  We had the brownie with bacon ice cream! YUP I could have eaten a pint of that ice cream. LOL The service was good.  Our server was friendly & attentive, but not overly on top of us.  She was awesome.  We'll definitely be back and we'll be checking out the rest of the menu :)
5	Love love love this place. Area is sketchy but up and coming. Not sure which was better jerk turkey burger or Courtney's smile. She is incredible!
5	this place is pretty dope. the atmosphere is really chill and the service was really good.they have a lot of drink options and the cocktails are delicious. ice sphere yeahhhthe food is equally as awesome. the empanada was fantastic wi good sauce. the sliders were so good, with a nice mix if sweet, savory, and a nice crunchy texture from the onions. they also came with perfectly fried spicy tater tots. the Mac and cheese was also really good and really rich.good place to kick it and drink and eat.
5	Andrew was awesome! The towns end cocktail with the chicken skins were the best pair.  Most Knowledgable bartender, he picked everything we ate and it was amazing!
5	Amazing food.
4	Ate late lunch yesterday, deviled eggs w/caviar, mac 'n cheese (5 cheese w/truffle oil :), rabbit ragout, black rice oxtail risotto and jerk turkey burger. All items were delicious and had great textures. Another small gem in the up and coming downtown Vegas! Waiters and bartender were very nice and accommodating, we'll be back!
5	Sandra and I go out and find great places for lunch all the time. We were coming to Fremont street to go to Le Thai for lunch, they were closed on Sunday. We took a look at Yelp to see what was close by. We found the Carson Kitchen. It was rated at 4.5 stars so what the heck can't be too bad, right? Well it is a bit hard to find. It is in the Carson hotel, which has many outlets around it's edge. It is the last place, 100 is on the door. It is a pretty low key place, every one is friendly l, Stacy served us, she was great. We had Deviled Eggs which were very good. With caviar and Italian ham on top. Very tasty! It was followed by Bacon Jam, Which is now one of my favorite bread spreads! Pile it on, you will run out of bread before you run out of spread. It was out of this world good. Next came the mushroom flat bread. It was very nice. You could taste the mushrooms earthy-ness as well as the tart cheese. Then we had the bread pudding it was also way over the top. I can't say enough about this place. Stop in, you won't be disappointed.
4	It's hard to find, but worth it!  Get off 6th street and walk half a block down Carson, and look for the entrance right next to O Face donuts.   See the picture I posted for a better idea of where the entrance is located.If weather allows, go upstairs to the outside starting with full bar. The turkey burger was the best I've had, and I am not fan of turkey burgers. We also enjoyed the tempura green beans.The drink menu was a mixed bag and a little confusing.  Of the 3 signature drinks we ordered, one was pretty good but not great, and the other two were not very good.
5	Absolutely out of this world delicious. This place has a super creative menu, great atmosphere, impeccable service, and the best part: the food is AMAZING. We ordered the crispy chicken skins with smoked honey dip, gyro tacos, and bacon jam with baked brie. All three things were to die for. Oh! And you absolutely must get their DONUT bread pudding. That's right. Donut. Just do it.
4	This little place is a gem! Great intimate, social friendly space with a lot of charm. The staff is VERY friendly and the menu is simple and comforting with a flare of flavors. We did not have reservations, but were seated right away. Our table was attached to the bar, sat a total of 10 people and was used for couples and singles. A great way to meet and talk with fellow diners if you feel like being social, but still plenty of space if you're not feeling it. We had the Crispy Chicken Skins with roasted honey (a MUST have) to start. For our entrees we chose the Swordfish and NY Strip Steak. The steak was cooked PERFECTLY and the red wine demi sauce added to without overpowering the natural flavor of the meat. The swordfish with lemon, mint & basil was FANTASTIC!! We also had the baked mac & cheese (unsolicited compliments of the house due to the wait time for our entrees). I highly recommend Carson Kitchen and will definitely be back to try the other items on the menu. Bacon Jam, Chicken Thighs and Roasted Beets are on the list for our next visit.
4	First of all, I love the location. It reminds me of East Coast eateries, small places with great ambience. I also liked that this place wasn't trying too hard to be anything. It was just a cozy spot. We came in rather late, a little after 10 pm not realizing they actually close at 11pm. We got seated at the bar area, which was perfectly fine with us. We like sitting at the bar - and with an open kitchen, it gives us an insight about how our food is being prepared. We ordered the Mac n Cheese, Bacon Jam and the Beef Wellington Empanada. The Mac N Cheese was well made seasoned with truffle oil. The flavor of the truffle oil was distinctive. Also the macaroni pasta was done al dente, which is how it's supposed to be served all the time. I also liked the Beef Wellington Empanada, specially the crust - not too flaky, but also not too thick either. The beef was tender and was flavorful. I didn't care so much about the red wine sauce but there wasn't so much of it that it really didn't bother me. I wasn't too crazy about their bacon jam either. There was too much onion in it that you could hardly taste the bacon. They also seasoned it with a lot of apple cider (?) or some kind of vinegar. I could tell bec it was too tangy. There wasn't so much of a balance of the sweet, salty and savory flavor that I associate with bacon jam. It wasn't bad though, it just wasn't to my liking. The staff was very nice and even if it was a few minutes to closing, we didn't feel like we were being rushed. Our server was very attentive and friendly. I would definitely keep this on my list of places to revisit.
5	Came in with coworkers after work. Great spot recommended by the roomie. Great tempura green beans, crispy chicken skin, and beef wellington empanada. I gotta try the sliders next. The Irish bartender made a great beer recommendation too. Bomb.Edit:Sliders, tempura green beans, veal meatballs. All bomb.
3	Am I crazy or is every meal here a complete salt bomb? My wife and I have tried this place out twice now and each time we find the food overpoweringly salty. Like to the point that for hours after you can't seem to get enough water. It's a shame because we like the overall food quality and taste. And the price range is really great for downtown. Fried green tomato sandwich, the rabbit, the Wellington empanadas, the tacos, the chicken chimichurri could all stand to lose a couple of milligrams of salt to push the flavors through. My fingers are swelling as I write this ....
5	Carson's kitchen was a great surprise,  I heard great things about it so we had to come and try it out!!!  Everything we tasted was great,  the Wellington empenadas,  the deviled eggs,  the fried chicken skins,  the short rib sliders,  oxtail risotto,  and the donut bread pudding,  we were bad bad girls today but it was mother in laws birthday so we had a reason !! The vibe here was great,  the decor industrial,  and the service was great.  I'm excited to try this place at night!! Definitely coming back....
5	Talk about being taken to a different place! The atmosphere the ambiance was just SUPER chill and welcoming! We dined up on the rooftop and there were about 10 of us. Without skipping a beat, the service was OUTSTANDING!! The drink, wine, beer menu was EXCELLENT! The food, was BLATANTLY AMAZING!!!! Dakota was our Server and was a BLAST with us and took everything in stride with a smile and a laugh with an occasional hilarious commentary! But back to the food, just WOW! Tater tots and all were GREAT!! This is a MUST place to be on your list!!!
5	I rearly to never write reviews. I had to write one for this place though. I was treated to a Chef's tasting (My buddy knows the owner) and I have to tell you something. Everything I had was amazing. From the NY steak to the Mac N Cheese, and even the Rainbow Cauliflower was amazing. The service was great too. The ambiance was nice and welcoming. I plan on coming here every time I come to Vegas.I couldn't help to be amazed by how tasty everything was. Visiting this place was one of the best experiences I've had in Vegas. I totally got my money's worth here.
4	I liked it. First off, I love the gentrification of downtown, especially what's going on in the old Carson hotel. Super cool. The inside of the Carson kitchen matches that hip, semi-industrial vibe. Surprisingly, the clientele seems to trend away from hip and so-industrial! No big deal, but on a Friday evening, the average age was definitely over 40!I'm not one of these bacon-crazed people, but I saw that the bacon jam was the hot item, so we had to order it. Your reviews did not steer us wrong! It was awesome! Overall, we enjoyed all the food and the server delivered with excellent cocktail recommendations. Service was friendly if a little slow. Overall, Carson kitchen may be my top choice for downtown dinner right now!
3	Came here for a pre-show dinner.  As is common with Kerry Simon restaurants, very creative menu with well presented dishes.  Enjoyed the bacon jam, veal meatballs (a bit oversalted), and star of the menu was the gyro tacos.  Strong beer selection, but having options on tap is necessary as opposed to only bottled choices, particularly for a 'gastropub' type place like this.Service was very friendly (we sat at the bar).  One service misstep that was a bit 'nickle and dime' (something very out of character for a Kerry Simon restaurant) is when we were approached and asked, unsolicitedly, if we want more baguette slices for our bacon jam (we said sure, as there was more bacon jam than bread).  The wait staff graciously brought this too us, and an undisclosed charge for this showed up on our bill. It is a pet peeve of mine when service staff offers something nominal like this (four small baguette slices), not solicited by the customer, and charges you - if they are going to do this - they should either disclose it as an upcharge, or not offer something nominal unless it gratuitous for their customers - they need to work on this type of item - I expect a bit more out of a place of this caliber on this type of thing.
3	Giving this place an okay and passing 3 stars. I do not write reviews but I came into this place with pretty high expectations and I'm pretty disappointed. I'm just motivated to write this review out of sheer disappointment.Came in Saturday night around 9:30. Already missed the dinner rush but this place was still packed and the vibe and ambiance was still upbeat. We sat at the counter and got a good view of the kitchen. Our server Courtney was very nice and pleasant.Ordered the Magarian for a drink. Aviation gin, thyme, lemon, honey, and cucumber soda water. It was pretty standard. Nothing special.Now the food. Ordered the beet salad. The cauliflower. Veal meatballs. Steak. Sliders. Tacos. And the fudge brownie for dessert.I think I like this dish just because I love beets in general. Came with orange slices, goat cheese, and pistachios. Eat everything together and it's good. If you're not a beet eater you might think this dish is awesome but if you're like me this dish is just your standard beet salad.Veal meatballs. Nicely executed but I found the flavor lacking. Meatballs were light and not dense. Prepared and cooked nicely. It was actually enjoyable to eat except it needs more flavor. It was under seasoned. The sherry foie gras cream was nice. Though you can't really taste the foie. It was a rich sauce but not reminiscent of foie at all. So that under delivered. And the peas, I don't know what it's doing on that dish. It could've been a pea shoot salad with a nice zippy dressing to cut through that cream.The steak. We asked for medium rare and it was cooked medium rare. Nice crust on the steak, pink inside, and a nice sauce to accompany it with. But for a restaurant with a reputation like this I already expect that you know how to cook steak. Although maybe they could've used some finishing salt here. Fleur de sel. Himalayan. Black. Any salt sprinkled on top by the kitchen to let me know there's some thought in this dish. Don't just send me a piece of meat. Send me a piece of meat with some "oomph!" Oh and please. Don't tell me about the salt shaker! For 18 bucks I think it should've came with a side of something. Potatoes or cream spinach or asparagus spears. Just something, anything to eat with the steak. Doesn't have to be big or a lot. Meat needs something. Even Michelin rated restaurants give you something. Mind is not blown here. The lamb gyros. They were good but you can live with skipping it. Find real lamb gyros somewhere else. I just have to say that the meat tasted like spaghetti meat sauce without the sauce.Short rib sliders. We ordered these under the recommendation of our server. She said these are to die for. I thought otherwise. I didn't read the description on this because I trusted our server so I took a bite knowing full well what short ribs should taste like. Meaty, rich, deep, earthy short ribs except they were not!!! I love short ribs so I was very, very, very disappointed. There was something sweet in it then I read the description it said rootbeer glaze. It might as well say sugar syrup because you can't taste the rootbeer. You just taste sweet.  There was no taste or note of caramelization to merit it to be even called a "glaze." That was a sad excuse to call it a "glaze." It wasn't deep or rich. I picked apart my slider so I could taste just the meat and it was just blah. It is shockingly dull and under seasoned. The slider buns came from a bag. They weren't warmed or anything. Eating it felt like a chore. Also served with tater tots. Which probably was the highlight of the dish... Maybe the night. Now the dessert. Bourbon fudge brownie and brown butter bacon ice cream. The ice cream was good. Enjoyable actually. But that brownie. My god! that brownie! That brownie was served to us frozen hard as a brick. It was so hard that when we tried to slice it the brownie flipped out of the plate and onto the floor. Didn't need utensils at all cuz we were eating what's left of the brownie with our hands. Picking it up and biting off bits of it like solid chocolate. It was terrible.We also ordered the cauliflower because our server recommended it but the kitchen might've forgotten to make it. Dessert came and our check came but our cauliflower never made it to our table. It was still included in our tab though so I just asked the server to take it off. She let the kitchen know what happened and Courtney came back and apologized and took it off out check.Would I come back here? I might. There are other dishes here that still interests me to try. I wouldn't take my out of town friends here though. There are other great places to try out, experiment, and enjoy. It's a nice looking restaurant with a cool vibe and ambiance to it. It's a cool spot to be seen but the food while has great concept suffers from the lack of depth of flavor and under seasoning. Final note. When working in the kitchen: TASTE TASTE TASTE TASTE! Taste your food before you send it out to us!!
2	I went here for a team lunch and I was very disappointed. Dishes are very small, tapas style, and very overpriced. I went for the crispy chicken skins and they were sold out.  I got a $12 Mac and Cheese, which was too rich in flavor and so tiny. The dishes were pretty interesting and had unique ingredients in it which I can see WHY they may be more expensive but it was just not worth it. The restaurant was pretty tiny, the seats were high and had no backing. The atmosphere just seemed really "cool", but the place is all hype. It's a great place to go if you want to show off a date during dinner time and be really trendy, but otherwise I wouldn't suggest it. I left hungry and poor.
4	We came here for lunch after a recent hip Fremont district stay-cation.  Pretty much to kill 2 birds by trying it out and nursing a hangover.  It was pretty busy in there.  We got seated at the bar.  The bartender was a great server and had many good suggestions for our "situation".  The decor is completely minimal.  Bare structure is exposed, but in a good way.  Sometimes up dressing and decorating is not needed.  It is quite a tight spot but I believe they have an upper level now, which probably has a spectacular view.I ordered the Tempura Green Beans.  The Pepper Jelly cream cheese was a nice whipped addition to the lightly crispy large green beans.  4/5 for green beansI ordered the Wellington Empanadas for my girl.  She said the meat tasted somewhat like a stroganoff.  The sauce was very slight flavored.  I discontinued eating land meats so I cannot give you a rating on this, but, she said it was good.I had the Broccoli Crunch for myself.  A very fresh and hearty salad.  It had sunflower and pumpkin seeds, grape tomatoes and preserved cranberries.  The green goddess sauce was underscored just enough to grease things up a bit.  The whole salad was executed greatly.  4/5We shared the Roasted Young Beets.  This came out as the most impressive plate design.  It reminded me of a vegetarian "Uni to Ukura" (from Yonaka Modern Japanese)  The roasted beets were soft and mild.  Pair each mouthful with the crushed pistacios, orange slices, goat cheese and micro-greens in each bite.  The mixture is refined.  Nothing out shines the rest of the ingredients.  As a whole the flavors are a symphony that doesn't quite match the beauty of the plate itself.  Still a very notable flavor.  4/5All of the entrees had a thoughtful execution and I would say the entire menu is meant for the discerning taste bud.  More for those who would prefer a Waldorf salad over Spicy-Nacho Doritos.  With that being said I would highly recommend Carson Kitchen.
5	I ate here over the weekend and was so happy to have finally tried this restaurant.  The tenderloin empanadas were unbelievably delicious.  I loved the eclectic menu and also the choice of wines by the glass.  The vibe of this place is awesome.  I can't wait to return!
5	Kerry Simon has created another Gem downtown. Everything he touches turns to amazing. To start the cocktail created was a standing 8-count. Tequila at its finest. Then onto a starter of gyros tacos and bacon jam which was like heaven in the form of bacon. Then onto the next drink which the bartender customized for me that I recommend you test your palate with. It is muddled mint with St. Germain and Crown Royal, a splash of simple syrup, sour, and soda.  The rabbit ragu was actually very appealing to the palate as was the butter burger... The food porn arrived when the dessert was laid in front of us as the bread pudding. Doughnuts as the main ingredient. Say no more. Kerry hats off to you sir! Keep calm and Kerry on!
4	Excellent find!  So not Las Vegas and I mean that in a good way.  High marks for atmosphere, good marks for food quality. Pricing is a bit deceiving.  Not expensive but not low to medium priced as the reviews show.  Maybe it is more a case enjoying my time and continuing to eat!I would call Carson Kitchen large tapas bistro style.  The caprese was very nice and tomatoes were good even though they were closer to commissary than the local farm.  The rabbit ragu with spaghetti squash was excellent!  The coffee crusted NY strip was very flavorful but in a town known for beef it would benefit from using aged beef.  Overall, I would definitely go back!
2	I didn't find the food to be mind blowing, but it was good, flavorful, and I think I would eat here again.  I just don't think I will be a frequent diner. I got the fried green tomato (crab) sandwich.  It was pretty good, 3.5/5.  The crab was seasoned with an odd herb combo which I thought may have been rosemary?  It was still good, just different to my pallet.  The others in my party ordered the bacon jam, the sliders, and gyro tacos, and they even comped us a free Mac n Cheese because they brought a plate out late.  Everything was pretty enjoyable overall.  My one complaint would be the tater tots.  They are seasoned very heavily, almost overkill.  The beer menu was a little different as well, probably could be expanded upon to better match and compliment the food flavors.Venue has a industrial loft inspiration with interesting lighting and exposed brick, and the upstairs patio was raved about.  Very downtown Vegas vibe for sure. The staff was great and super welcoming, friendly and willing to accommodate.
4	This cheeky little restaurant has earned it's way into my top 10 hip places to go in Vegas. Found in downtown. A two story location-downstairs indoor dining with a bar and outdoor balcony seating upstairs. The staff was super welcoming and Andrew the bartender was awesome! He made us feel right at home with good conversation and quick service. We went with appetizers: crispy chicken skins with honey and veal meatballs. As a main course we chose the black rice with oxtail risotto. The skins were like potato chips. Crisp, slightly salty, and snack-like. The veal meatballs were juicy and bite size. Easy eating and the sauce they pair with was enough to make me just slurp it out of the bowl. But please...I really just want to talk about the Risotto. All I can say is FOODGASM! It was an amazing fusion of meaty, cheesy, juicy and creamy goodness. That's it. Just try it. I've dreamt about this for days now. The serving is generous and can be shared between 2-3 people along with additional protein to balance it out. We snagged both of their dessert options. They have a decadent bread pudding-fluffy and rich and also...a brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream and a strip of caramelized bacon. Yes. I said it. Sugar and bacon and ice cream and chocolate. Talk about a trip to heart attack town. It's worth it. You could literally order all of the items off the appetizer menu and have a complete meal to share between 2-3 people. I will be visiting again and again. Thanks for the great time Carson Kitchen. You did not disappoint.
5	Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere, downtown Las Vegas is truly stepping up their game and quality.  Only downside was the time it took to be seated, but it was well worth the wait.
5	Delicious!  Started off we sat right by the kitchen so we can see what was going on.  The staff is super friendly. Had a bloody mary which was just the right amount of spicy.  For the food we shared deviled eggs (minus the caviar), sliders, sausage flatbread and the mac n cheese.  Loved every bite of everything.  They have a rooftop bar which I would love to try sometime.
2	I recommend going some place else!! There are so many other places to eat that also have decent customer service. (Le Thai just around the corner has great food and amazing service!!) After waiting outside for the restaurant to open, which you could clearly see people (staff) inside by the door and which I had tried to open earlier, no one came to ask if I was waiting or to even acknowledge restaurant was open. I was first in restaurant (with no line at all). The hostess asked if I wanted to sit at the bar and with no other patrons in there I asked to sit at a table. The manager (man) said they do not seat party's of one. First, no one is at the restaurant and second,  I have seen in past reviews people said sometime multiple parties would have to be seated at a table. I guess I should have known the experience was not going well when there was no line unlike other places close to this one.  The manager did say as I was walking out the door if I was going to leave they could seat me at a table...no thank you I prefer my food with at least decent customer service!!! I will let my local Vegas friends as well as people visiting to go to another place!Update: I was contacted by Cory who was very gracious and apologetic. I want to thank him for his quick response. Next time when I am in Vegas I will give the restaurant another try, but sometimes you have only one chance to make a good first impression.
5	A great restaurant for small groups. The place is small, like 1800 sq feet hey we need your menu small. We went for dinner during a friends bachelor party. Big thanks to all the Yelp reviewers who steered me right. Bacon jam and the oxtail risotto were great. The main thing to know about this place is the food is family style. The concept is you order the sides like oxtail risotto, mac n cheese, or the sprouts and suds hash and share with the table. Then you order your protein individually, but you could really share that too. Good food, I definitely enjoyed the experience and will go back!
4	Finding the front door was a little tricky, but it was all good after that.We had the chicken skins and deviled eggs as appetizers. I wasn't super crazy about the chicken skins, but my husband loved them. They have a honey dipping sauce that goes very well with the fried chicken skins.The deviled eggs were FABULOUS! My husband had the short rib sliders, they were very good.... a little dry, but very tasty.I had the fried green tomato sandwich, it has crab meat and a really delicious tarter sauce that blended the tastes of the sandwich beautifully. Loved it!!
5	Great place downtown, it's Tapas style type restaurant and everything I had here was delicious.
5	This place is great....find Andrew at the bar and he will not steer you wrong.  Everything is amazing and food for all tastes.  Don't pass this one up!
4	This is a wonderful place for small groups. If you go any bigger than 4, it gets really difficult to seat. This is a small place, so it is usually packed when I walk in there. They only do reservations for 6 and up. As for the food (delicious!). When they bring it out to you, it's surprisingly small servings, but then you realize that it is pretty filling when you are finished. All the staff are informative, and are pretty knowledgable about all the items on the menu. The desserts are so rich, you probably wouldn't be able to finish it. I didn't. It was yummy though.
5	We showed up there on a week night, and after being told we'd wait 35 min, the bartender offered to squeeze the three of up to the bar.  He was English, was fast and proceeded to charm my wife and sister for 90 min.Oh, and the food and drinks were great, too.  The green bean appetizer and the rabbit entree were wonderful.It was great to find where the cool kids have dinner.
4	This place is awesome.  There is no sign on the building so it is a bit hard to spot, but once you get inside, the decor and vibe is great. It is small so make sure to call ahead so you avoid a long wait.Our server was Krysten and she provided amazing service. The food was really good too. We started with the tempura green beans which were really good. The pepper jelly-cream cheese reminded me of a familiar childhood taste. Next we had the fried chicken skins which along with the mac n cheese were my favorites. Both were exceptionally flavorful and a must-have when I return. The calamari and mushroom flatbread were both good, but not as big of a standout compared to the other food. For dessert we got the twinkles and  the bread pudding. The twinkles were not my favorite, but I could see somebody that likes the soggy-cake taste really digging them.  The bread pudding was really good and went perfect with  a fresh brewed cup of coffee. I am definitely coming back!!
3	First night in Vegas , we were spending the night at the old Downtown Las Vegas. Place is very small, and even if it was already 8 pm, it was packed . We waited outside inside their cute patio. Food : we got the gyro tacos, very filling, lot of meat and yummi flatbread , the brussel sprouts with bacon was also very yummi, very well seasoned , I think a little bit on the expensive side for being a side ( $8), the cauliflower  was way too salty , Ithe green tomatoes for me was a bust not much flavor,  I didn't think the tater tots were spicy, the steak with the cocoa sauce was good.Overall wasn't much impressed with food , I didn't  like the fact that we didn't get our foods together, and I'm not talking about 5 minutes but like 15 minutes between  each other .
4	Great lil hidden spot. Rooftop is nice. Food is very original. No tvs- music is quiet. Perfect place to relax. Andrew the bartender is great. Service is excellent. Hard not to give 5 stars to. But being stingy. Great place, highly recommend!
5	restaurant is a bit small.I enjoy sitting at the counter where I can see the chefs in action.food taste great!ordered thecucumber soda............yeah it taste like cucumber water and soda water.  not sweet.fired chicken skin with honey dipping------I love this.  it's so crispy.  veal meat ballbeef empanadabeet saladbourbon fudge brownie with ice cream.  ----I am not a fudge brownie person but I love this.  can really taste the bourbon!
3	Excellent service.I won't be back for the food though.Ordered the following:Devil's Eggs: basically 6 deviled eggs with a sprinkling of black caviar and crunchy pancetta bits replacing the paprika.  I love deviled eggs and this version tasted okay, but I couldn't help thinking that real deviled eggs have more flavor, because of the spice from the paprika.  This version was just salty, and the egg filling was a little on the dry side as well.  The pancetta was the best part.  The caviar didn't have much of a flavor impact.  I think I would have been more impressed with the dish if they had replaced the black caviar with Japanese flying fish roe or salmon roe and added a drop of spicy sauce as well, because Japanese roe has that poppy texture that was missing with the black caviar.  Plus it's orange, so the presentation would be more exciting, more of a play on the traditional deviled eggs. Roasted beet salad: the description sounded good but the flavors did not meld well for me.  Besides the beets, it had mandarin oranges, goat cheese, pistachios.  I think it would have tasted better if the beets were sliced thinner instead of in big chunks, and maybe if the pistachios were replaced with candied walnuts or pecans.  Rainbow Cauliflower: I prefer roasted cauliflower to whatever they did to this cauliflower.  Roasted cauliflower is more tender and the olive oil carmelizes, bringing out the natural sweetness of the cauliflower.  This version had no sweetness, only salt.  I didn't taste much or any garlic and lemon, which is what other reviewers have raved about.  And the cauliflower was still very crunchy.  It was another miss for me.Hmm...looking at the photos other people have posted on Yelp, I see that I didn't get nearly as much caviar on my eggs as others did.  It really was just a sprinkling, whereas I saw in one photo that it was piled on.  I wonder if I caught the kitchen on an off night.
4	The food is delicious. Restaurant is a bit smaller, but it's nice to eat and hang out, its not too loud. I love that it has an open kitchen and you can see the chefs cooking your meals, all the food is uique.
4	Big fan!!Everyone will enjoy Carson's, even the pickiest of picky eaters. Comfort food done right. The restaurant seems to always busy, so make a reservation if you're coming with a large party. Items ordered:-Rainbow Cauliflower:Garlic and citrus flavors. This dish is probably the only one that my friend and I agreed on not re ordering the next time. It was not bad...just nothing special. You can easily re create this at home.-Gyro Tacos:So simple yet so delicious. The meat was tender and full of flavor. -Chicken Skins:Crunchy chip like deliciousness served with honey. The snacking appetizer... I would definitely order this again.-Mac n Cheese:My favorite dish at Carson's!! Seasoned with truffle oil topped off with bread crumbs. -Short Rib Sliders:Good but not great. The sauce is really sweet which is fine if the meat wasn't so dry. Veal meat balls: Loved them. Must order. That is all.
4	It was good, but not as great as I expected it to be. The deviled eggs were the highlight of the meal and I don't even like eggs, but everything else we got was either alright, or worse. Short rib sliders- overly sweet and dryBacon jam - good, but only comes with enough bread to eat a third of it, either lower the portion and price, or more breadEmpanadas - something about the sauce I didn't agree with, also on the sweet sideI would also recommend going with 4 or more people, seems like that would work out better with the small plate aspect of the menu
4	Their address will tell you Carson Kitchen is located on 6th street, but you'll have to turn the corner onto Carson to find the entrance right next door to O Face Doughnuts. The lack of signage makes it difficult to find, but it's totally worth the search. I've tried two other Kerry Simon restaurants and wasn't wowed. This place, however, lives up to the hype.The menu is full of small and large plates of  Simon's re-imagining of comfort food. Deviled eggs ($8) are refreshingly light on mayo, topped with crispy, meaty chunks of pancetta and caviar that adds a bit of salinity to the dish. The crispy chicken skins ($8) became more addictive with each bite and the bacon jam's ($12) smokey, sweet, and savory profile was hard to resist. A sizable portion for our party of three, we had to request more toasted baguettes to finish it up.The rabbit ragu ($12) was a slight let down. The thin ragu had a slight kick to it, but the course texture of the squash had me wishing it was cooked longer. Another dish that failed to excite was the gyro tacos ($10). Familiar flavors weren't enough to make this dish stand out among all the others. A slightly better dish, the Wellington empanada ($10) was filled with lightly seasoned beef tenderloin wrapped in a thick, flakey pastry shell. The sprouts and spuds hash ($10) was excellent and a great size for sharing. I was thrilled to see the sprouts and potatoes cooked to an almost burnt level with plenty of char and crispy edges. The last savory dish was the wild mushroom flatbread ($10). Showcasing a blistered crust topped with mushrooms, onions and cabrales bleu cheese, it was a solid dish with somewhat understated flavors complimenting each other.With just enough room for dessert we started with the Not Your Father's Twinkies ($8). It was an underwhelming fried sponge cake with piped in filling and an orange coulis that added a little brightness and acidity, with a touch of basil that seemed like a mistake. The Glazed donut bread pudding ($8), on the other hand, was an excellent showcase in restrained sweetness. Ending the meal was the bourbon fudge brownie ($8) with brown butter bacon ice cream. Dense and rich, there's nothing fancy about this dish, just one that was well executed and sweet enough for any chocolate lover.Heading back to his roots, chef Simon and team have created a restaurant that can already be considered one of the best Downtown and a spot that both tourists and locals should check out.
5	Bacon jam,crispy chicken skins,Tacos,Mac&cheese,butter burger and donut pudding are my favorite things to get love the food!!!
4	Carson, singular...as in it is located on Carson Avenue (despite the address being 124 South Sixth). Are we supposed to hunt for this mystery location?  Yes, it is 100% worth it.I've been holding off on my review until after my fourth visit in order to keep the naysayers from claiming I am too much of a downtown fanboi.  Over the course of my four meals at Carson Kitchen I have been able to sample a very good portion of the menu and have had the pleasure of being served by different staff each time.Highlights of the Menu:Wellington empanada, two slightly crispy puffs of hot damn goodness stuffed with some well prepared steak.  Gyro tacos, just like your favorite Greek gyro, but better because you can pop them in your mouth.  Jerk turkey burger, this is one of my favorites and I am traditionally not a burger fan whether it be beef or turkey; the secret is the apple sauce in the recipe.  Short rib sliders; I've been soda free since '93 but damn you Simon (DAMN You!) you slipped in some root beer into the sauce and I love them!  Fried green tomato with lump crab; a big tomato filled with real crab meat, what's not to love?  Cocoa espresso NY strip steak; I had this during my last visit and paired it with their tots (everyone is doing tots these days), Carson Kitchen just happens to be doing it really well.  The steak was ordered medium, cooked to the exact temperature and tasted fantastic.  Rainbow cauliflower, who would have thought that it came in multiple colours...all three tasted good, and the same; who knows maybe they used food colouring.  Spicy sausage flat bread; wasn't all that spicy but was well received as an appetizer.  Dessert? Glazed doughnut bread pudding is amazing.  I hear they have other desserts but have not been able to forgo ordering the bread pudding each time.Fancy cocktails:  I'm sure they have them, the bartender is constantly shaking something up; I've had a real man's drink each time, beer.Service:  Excellent all four visits; from both the wait staff and the bar staff.  They know the menu well, they engage the patron at the appropriate times and leave you alone to enjoy your meal and company.  Perfect.Minus 1 star:  Oh no he didn't!  The interior dining room is small and will get quite loud when busy.  Loud restaurants get on my nerves...being all old and crotchety these days.  Not enough private tables; the majority of the seating is shared tables with other guests and bar top space.  Being that the space is small I suppose they had to weigh out the negatives of seating in this arrangement but you get the feeling that most patrons do not enjoy this type of situation...maybe it's because I've been known to help myself to their plates if something looks appealing.Secret space:  Not anymore; there is a decent sized roof top patio with more seating and another bar.  The space up there is actually about the same square footage as the lower portion.  There isn't much of a view since you're only about 12' up but at least you're outside and not looking at a parking lot.  Well done in this regard.Final thought: Go.
4	Delightful little spot! Staff was very friendly and welcoming. I loved the design of the restaurant. It's very open, and very clean. The food was great. Roasted beets very good. Broccoli crunch was ok, could have used a little more dressing. Mac and cheese, yummy. Devil's eggs, a must try! Fried green tomato sandwich good. We had the twinkies dessert....it was light and flavorful. I would definitely recommend checking this place out. It's tricky to find, but worth it when you do.
5	The food is amazing. After being on the strip for the past couple of days, our cabbie recommended Carson's Kitchen and it's exceeding our expectations. This would easily be $100+ per person on the Strip. Sorry for the photo, the food went faster than I could get my phone out! We tried all the appetizers (except for the Devils eggs) and most of us got the cocoa strip steak. Gyro tacos were my personal favorite, but every item was loved by all 5 of us.
5	Tucked away but worth the search!!! Great place to go with a group to share. Every single thing we ordered (party of five) was on point! Definitely take a moment to check this place out. Order a bunch. Take it all in with family and friends!
4	I came here on a monday afternoon, pretty slow, only 2 other people in there at the time.  The set up is cool... small 2 and 4 tops around the perimeter and larger snaking tables that move into the bar hat are more "family style" which was cool, all 4 of us (me and the hubs + the two other people) were at the family style table and struck up some convo.  on to the foodWe had the crispy chicken skin, the italian sausage flatbread and the risotto.  Now the hubs mistakenly ordered the skins thinking it would be a chicken finger-esque type thing.  They were spiced, not too salty and served with a dish of honey.  After eating the first i wasn't too sure, but they grew on me... sweet and savory, I would get it again.  I had the flatbread, yummy, decent size... I recall it being called "spicy Italian sausage flatbread" without mention of the broccoli that was on it.  Very... Different... I tied it.. and ended up picking any of the larger pieces off.  Hubbs had the risotto... Ox tail risotto.  Now being italian to me risotto is strictly made with arborio rice.  The end.  This was made with like a black wild rice... It had a bit more of  a bite than I would like, and that wild rice flavor... but was decent.  I would not get that again, but I know I'm very  picky when it comes to italian foods.  Being monday afternoon I wasn't trying to get hammered, but did have the only apple hard cider they had, Ace i believe? It was the best cider I've ever had.  and whatever you do, don't park in the lot across the street! insta-tow will get your car before you've crossed the street
4	Saw the recent reviews for this place, and we just had to check this place out. Located right in heart of the revamped DTLV, behind the eclectic famous "Fremont street", Carson Kitchen is hidden with no large sign, the food speaks for itself.  As we walked in we were greeted quickly by the hostess. Very nice, sleek, tiny restaurant with a cute small bar, open concept with views to the kitchen.The food: small menu, small portions tapa style maybe? We got the...Tempura Green Beans: good flavor not overly battered comes with a pepper cream cheese dip. This was good. Beef Wellington Empanadas: 2 in a order, not bad flaky crust comes with a sherry sauce? Idk but this was nice. Crispy Chicken Skins: comes with honey dipping sauce. Think of fried pork skins.. Super crispy, this would go excellent with a nice cold beer. Good flavor, a bit on the salty side. I feel like this didn't need the seasoning really. Caribbean Jerk Turkey Burger: eh I didn't like this. Maybe the fact that I don't really care for cole slaw, which by the way was the only thing in it. Burger became soggy. It had a pumpkin spice kinda flavor and it was kinda sweet ehh..  I liked when each item came to our table the server described what it came with. The food came out in good timing. We were there for probably just 45 mins. The service was good she checked on us a few times. This place would be great after a night of drinking and you want something good, and savory! But they close early in Vegas standards at 11pm. I will return!
5	If you read my reviews you will see I rarely give 5 stars, but this place deserves it. Decor was cool, service was great but most importantly the food was amazing.  The bacon jam was perhaps one of the best things I have ever eaten.  There were 5 off us eating and we shared a number of dishes, including steak, mac and cheese, flat bread and sword fish.  All of it was just fantastic and worth a trip downtown.
5	Tara rocks some socks. I fuckin love it. Rad bartender in a rad space. The food looks amazing although I was only there for an adult beverage. Can't wait to come back and dive into their Jerk Turkey Burger!
5	FREAKING AMAZING ! I am biased brother-in-law works here, however this is a fabulous place to grab not so commonly seen foods. Chef Matt and the rest of creative minds did a wonderful job, fabricating this tantalizing menu of compliment off of one another.
5	Amazing food. Love this place. The staff also rocks. Must go back to try everything else on the menu.
5	Absolutely amazing food and great service. Trying to find the place for the first time...not easy. Such a small place inside, last time we had to leave because of such a long wait for a tiny dinning room. But we came back and it was well worth it!!! I love the open kitchen concept, from where we sat we watched the whole operation run (pretty cool!!) So we started with the bacon jam app, it was so tasty and addicting. But he heat will catch up on you, but it's not to bad. The flavors in it are perfectly balanced, a must try!!! Then we shared the cocoa steak with Mac and cheese. Both were wonderful and the Mac and cheese I believe has truffle. And for dessert we got the bourbon brownie. I thought the plating was a little awkward but looked nice, just not exactly practical to dig into. The desert was sooo rich!! Good, but so sweet we couldn't finish it. The candied bacon was interesting and we enjoying the ice cream. We'll defiantly be back! :)
5	Okay, so like everyone else says this place is a little hard to find but trust me, it is worth it!! So we're sitting in our hotel starving and looking for something close by and I stumble on this place. After reading the reviews and seeing the pictures I pick to come here. I followed the directions that another yelper left and walked right to it. We decided to order the Devils eggs, bacon jam, gyro tacos and the baked mac and cheese. I cannot say enough about them! This place is truly without a doubt the hidden jem of Vegas! I was hesitant about the Devils eggs because neither my husband or I have had caviar before, but oh my if we wouldn't hVe order so much other food we would have gotten another order! The amount of salt from the pancetta and the caviar was just the right touch. We were also scared of the bacon jam, I mean come on, it sounds odd right? We broke down and got it anyways after talking to the waitress and I don't even know how to describe it but it was the most breath taking thing I've eating in Vegas! Come find this place! You won't regret it!!
2	all the 4 and 5 star reviews had me excited to give the place a try! Walked in after getting showered and refreshed at the hotel. Glad I had read on a review that there was no sign out side, at least we knew what to look for. Staff was friendly and I really liked the decor and vibe of the place. He was not a fan of the communal seating, especially with the two elderly gentleman and their escorts attempting to carry on conversations. Ordered a round of drinks and ordered the short rib sliders with tater tots and the mac and cheese (which the server proclaimed was "LIFE CHANGING-you have to have it ". Place was freezing so the wait seemed to be longer than it probably was. a chef and maybe a manager were arguing with the bartender about her ringing an order up incorrectly , fine I get it but really in front of the guests? Sliders looked good, mac and cheese looked good. He grabbed a slider and one bite he was done. The braising in rootbeer is great, but there is NOTHING on the thing to counteract the sweetness. The tater tots were way way overcooked to the point there was no white in the middle. The mac and cheese while decent, was no where near "life changing" I spent years in DC if you want life changing mac and cheese go to Cafe Delux in DC. he had been excited to try the bourbon brownie. But instead we left most of the sliders, half the mac and cheese and two half full drinks and went elsewhere for drinks and dessert.
2	The Skinny: okay - nothing special. Food was bland or very unbalanced(2), service: food came out quickly, only 2 servers in the whole joint made service slow(2), value: overpriced for so-so food and service(2 stars overall).With the plethora of tapas joints out there, we were interested in trying out Kerry Simon's joint for some comfort/farm to table food.Of note, they only had 2 servers manning the restaurant. Albeit the restaurant is small, they are able to squeeze quite a few customers on the bar stools (there are about 4 table seats in the restaurant with largely communal/bar seating). Given the number of customers/servers, this poor ratio resulted in slower than expected service.We ordered the Broccoli Crunch ($8), the Wellington Empanadas ($10), Veal Meatballs in a Foie Gras Sherry Cream ($12) and the Sprouts and Spuds Hash($10). As per our server, she suggested about 2 dishes/person. Serving sizes are typical of a tapas type style restaurant - small.The broccoli crunch was very bland. Slightly par-boiled to get the rawness out, the broccoli was dressed in a rather runny tasteless version of green goddess dressing. Even the addition of pumpkin/sunflower seeds could not save this dish. Sadly, this was the best dish of the night.The Wellington Empanadas were again desperately underseasoned. The beef was tough and overcooked. The mushrooms were flavorless. The pastry itself was okay but that alone could not save this dish.Veal meatballs were okay - nothing special. I would say there was a bit too much breadcrumb in the meatball itself. The selling point was the foie gras sherry cream which disappointed - did not taste the foie gras in the dish at all.The Sprouts (Brussel) and Spuds (Potato) was overpowered by the rather large dose of balsamic vinegar to the dish. It was so strong that I started coughing due to the potency of the vinegar. It wasn't pleasant and I would definitely not recommend this dish.After the lackluster dishes we were served, we skipped dessert here and went somewhere else. The level of the cuisine does not match the prices that they charge here.Given the disappointing array of dishes and slow service makes this place a 2 starred joint.
5	Great environment, great cocktails, and a solid menu all around. The chicken skins are a must. Solid burger, as always at Kerry Simon restaurants.
5	Loooooooooooove their food! Michael is awesome, too! From the Asian girls from Tao and SLS hehe.P.s. Their bacon jam is life changing.
4	Went there last sunday 11/2/14 around lunch time. Husband had fried green tomato burger and I had the oxtail risotto. We split the bacon jam...which was so good. Imagine tiny bits of carmelized bacon with barbecue sauce topped with melted cheese. Yum! Minus one star cuz I found three pieces of ox bones in the risotto....ouch :(
3	Decent but not great.
4	It was all good
5	Great little diamond in the rough. A friend and I found Carson Kitchen through Yelp, it had a lot of great reviews, and the menu looked really unique. We were a bit concerned because we approached the restaurant after dark and we had to walk a few unfamiliar blocks, but when we got there we knew it was the perfect spot. From the service by Andrew behind the bar, to every item we ordered from the menu, and the drinks, everything was just what we were looking for. Affordable prices, casual/hip/comfortable atmosphere. Highly recommended. We have been to Vegas a number of times but can't remember a better meal than the one we just had at Carson Kitchen. Thanks so much you guys. We will be back.
5	I have been to Carson Kitchen 5 times now and each time has been amazing. The dishes are set up to be shareable and are quite the combination of unique and tasty. The best thing on the menu is by far the Glazed Donut Bread Pudding however I tried the only non shareable meal on the menu tonight, the butter burger. I have to say it was one of the top two burgers I have ever had in my life.  I would list the other dishes that are also great but then I would just be writing the entire menu. If you get the chance, you have got to try this restaurant.
5	AMAZING!! Came here for lunch around 3pm during the week. Great timing, no wait and was seated at the counter that looks into the kitchen. Very tiny place but so good it doesn't matter. My girlfriend and I started with tempura green beans and crispy chicken skins!! Both SOO good it looked like a lot but we ended up finishing it all. For our main course we got a NY steak and a burger. Sounds pretty simple but the was it was prepared was awesome! Our seats allowed us to talk to one of the cooks so it made the experience pretty cool. We ended up leaving only paying $25 each since we split it. Only $50 for all that food! I left full and my wallet was happy as well. I will be back to try the thee awesome things on the menu.
5	DEEEEElightful! They don't take reservations for parties under 6 people and it was a Sunday evening. They were pretty busy so we sat at the bar.  What a great decision!  The bartender hustles but we never felt rushed or neglected.  The whole main floor is pretty tight but it allowed us to visit with other diners and make friends!  We had the rabbit ragu, roasted tomato stack and baby beets. They were all fantastic! If I recall, the entrance isn't right on 6th Street but I'm directionally challenged.  Wait staff was friendly and efficient. Nice addition to downtown Vegas!  There was a party of three vulturing at the bar and tried to grab our neighbors seats at the bar when they left for a few minutes to check out the upstairs section.  If you're wound tight like that....don't go. It's bad energy, man.
5	Crazy good!  Our friends stumbled across this place for lunch during our stay, so we all went back for dinner later in the week.  I was not disappointed.  We ordered many dishes and shared around creating our own tasting menu.  Wow!Bacon Jam, Devils Eggs, Espresso Steak, BUTTER BURGER are to die for.  The Mac and Cheese was excellent, but like one of the prior reviewers said, not life changing.I was not a fan of the fried chicken skins, but nobody is perfect. If you want life changing, finish your meal with the glazed donut bread pudding!  You will not be sorry!
5	I went to dinner with friends and we had a wonderful meal, great atmosphere, great food, the chef was wonderful.
4	I'm a fan because I'm a sucker for good food and good beer.My friends from China came into town (former Las Vegans) and we were on a mission to squeeze in as many new bars, clubs, and restaurants as humanly possible into the few days they had in Vegas. Carson Kitchen was an immediate destination. To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of Simon the restaurant. But Simon the person is a pretty cool guy (met him once) and he's following me on Instagram and Twitter. Just saying. ;DThe plates are small-ish and the menu is designed w/ a social aspect as its intended to be shared. This is great for us because we believe in sharing and want to try a little of everything. Not a lot of one thing. One of my friends is Jewish so we didn't try anything bacon. There are a lot of kosher items on the menu--in case its worth mentioning. We went with the following:-Tempura Green Beans ($8): Delicious. Fresh green beans battered then deep fried. How could this possibly be a bad choice. Cream cheese dip was tasty however it could have been served softer/room-temp. It was a little difficult to dip the beans w/o breaking. -Broccoli Crunch: ($10): Crunchy (but not too crunchy) broccoli in a green goddess sauce. This is delicious and done really well. Refreshing and the perfect pair w/ the rest of the heavy menu.-Baked Mac & Cheese ($12): Again, a classic that can't go wrong. Noodles aren't mushy. Cheese is rich and has the perfect texture. -Short Rib Sliders ($14): The only thing we didn't like! The bun is good; I have to give them that. But the short rib root beer glaze is so sweet it kind of spoiled the slider for us. It's TOO SWEET and rather unpleasant. We ate it but wouldn't order it again.-Wild Mushroom Flat Bread ($10): Another delicious option. Lots of mushrooms, carmelized onions, and crumbled bleu cheese. These are perfect for sharing. Next time I want to try the spicy sausage one. 3 people + all that food + 3 beers was plenty for us. I think I spent around $90 + tip. Not bad and definitely a place worthy of entertaining guests. This is the perfect spot for a GNO or FNO. Get a few people together, kick back and chill while you get small bites + a few beers/cocktails (full bar). I'll be back!
5	Greek Tacos are amazing! Great little downtown find!
4	The food here is so damn good.  The bacon jam is good on almost anything.  The sliders have so much flavor.  The donut bread-pudding was sinfully delicious.  You meet cool people here.  It doesn't appear to seat a lot so I recommend a reservation for weekends.  I wish they had a bigger menu because the flavors are WOW.
5	UMMMMM THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. The fried chicken skins are so bomb. Every time I go I get something new and I am never disappointed!
5	Crispy chicken skin. Nothing else needs to be said. Delicious food, great atmosphere, outside seating is beautiful!
5	This place was recommended and didn't disappoint great service great food fun atmosphere would come back again can't wait to try the whole menu the fried beans were great the burger looked awesome can't wait to come again
3	The rooftop dining area was awesome but the service wasn't the best.  The waitress just seemed annoyed we were even there.  My friends and I were told we just HAD to try the bacon jelly, due to the fact who isn't a bacon lover? Well... it was just OK but the worst part about it was there wasn't enough bread accompanied with the amount of jelly served so we had to continue to ask for more, which is another reason why the waitress seemed annoyed.  I'm a HUGE mac and cheese fan so I had to order it... once again, super bland.  I had a great time cause the weather was perfect and my company was the best.  Maybe it was just an off night for everyone there (but for a busy Saturday night I expected more).  Maybe I'll try it again...
5	We have been here 4 times now and it never disappoints. The food is just unbelievable. The gyro tacos and ox tail risotto are crazy good. The waiters are so cool. Our waiter even remembered what shirt I wore the last time. The deviled eggs are quite wonderful. We are going to try a new item each time we go, so far we have not been disappointed.
5	The food and service here is delicious and straight to the point! I can't rave enough on what an incredible dining experience we had here. Another yelper commented on how the restaurant and ambiance reminded them of being in San Francisco and I agree. I definitely didn't feel like I was in Vegas anymore. I loved the restaurant's quaint and modern design but I especially enjoyed the charming ambiance on their roof top dining area, the booths were very comfortable and there was just the right amount of lighting too.  Now, let's get to the good stuff: the food!  The crispy chicken skins arrived with a side of smoked honey for dipping = insane! Honey Boo Boo, this thing is real good! The skins were seasoned expertly and fried to crazy, crispy perfection; I couldn't get enough of that airy, crunchy skin - it wasn't even oily. Don't even get me started on the smoked honey -delectable- you can bet your sweet life they were meant to be eaten together. It's a must-order and for $6, the portion was perfect for two. We also went all in on the bacon jam with baked brie and grilled baguette at $12, It's the most popular item on the menu and now I know why. It came out bubbling hot and was incredibly bacon-y, jam-y, brie-y, salty, sweet and, yes, it was pretty darn magical. To offset the naughtiness that is crispy chicken skins and bacon jam, we also ordered roasted young beets with pistachio, mandarin orange slices and goat cheese at $8. The beets were roasted till perfect tenderness, naturally sweet, and the dish was simple but very tasty. It was the perfect option to complement the richness of the bacon jam. We also grabbed an order of the black rice and oxtail risotto with Parmesan cream for $14, though, we thought it was way too cheesy (if that's even a problem?) Based on the menu description, we were expecting more of a smoother Parmesan cream-like consistency, but we ended up with more of a dense, stringy texture. Our waitress was wonderful and could tell that we weren't too thrilled with the consistency when she checked on us, so she generously offered to replace the dish with something else that we would be able to enjoy. We decided on the rabbit ragu with spaghetti squash and Parmesan at $12 - everything on this dish was seasoned very well; I also really enjoyed the light tomato cream sauce and the perfectly cooked spaghetti squash. Surprisingly, the overall dish wasn't too heavy. I personally wouldn't order it again, (rabbit is just not my thing) but my boyfriend went to town on it and really enjoyed it.  I'm completely satisfied with the level of service and care that we were offered here. They went above and beyond to make sure we were happy with everything we ordered, plus the simply tasty food is well worth a quick return! I can't wait to come back and order some more of those chicken skins all to myself!
3	This quaint little restaurant is off the beaten path from old downtown Fremont Street. Finding it isn't hard IF you're looking; it's named for the street it's on. But there's not much around to use for landmarks. It's across the street from an empty lot. And while there's not much around to look at, there is a simple charm to the rooftop dining area on a cool winter night in Las Vegas.The staff is friendly and identified by the band tee shirts they're required to wear. Our waitress was honest about food selections and steered us away from the root beer glazed short rib. She did make a mistake with regard to our drink order, but we ended up with a free beer, so I cannot complain.The food is rustic small plate style and meant to be shared. There were three of us so we sampled a few items.The bacon jam we agreed was by far the star attraction. It's rich and flavorful and even though you feel guilty, you'll have trouble sharing. The Devil's eggs were also quite good, but gone in a flash. As far as the larger items, the butter burger was actually quite good. It comes with tater tots, which were decent, but it's hard to mess up tater tots. The Mac and Cheese was rich and creamy but neither mind blowing or disappointing. The mushroom flatbread was, however disappointing, and so was the risotto. The flatbread uninspired, small, and distinctly missing any rich flavors. On the opposite end of the spectrum, the oxtail risotto was so overpowered with parmesan cheese there wasn't room for any other flavors. We drank our desert. The beer selection is actually fairly good and non-traditional. I tried two of the mixed drinks and each was well prepared.A nice touch at the end of the meal is how the check arrives; in a book which invites you to leave an autograph and a message. Taking all into account, I think I'll try this kitchen again at least once more for the bacon jam. I did take some points away for location as well as for taste. However three stars as a rating comes because, as one of my friends said, "I think the owner's believe their food is out of the park when some of it needs improvement."
5	In a city where most chefs seem to want to oversalt everything, it is nice to finally have a well spiced meal. Everything was flavourful and well cooked. Siting ans watch them cook in the kitchen was a treat. The KD (okay, mac and cheese) was so tasty. And the boneless chicken thighs were great too.If we had to find fault it was the air conditioning that blew and cooled our food. And if that's the best I can do for a fault... you know this is a great place to eat.
5	It's fabulous... you won't be disappointed!
5	The whole experience was so lovely!!We started with the bacon, strawberry jam and fresh French bread and wow!!!! So glad we did. It was almost sweet like a Smoky BBQ sauce, I enjoyed each and every bite.We then had the broccoli crunch which gave me a whole new outlook on broccoli! The salad was delicious. Lastly, we shred the mushroom flatbread, it was good, but I would try some big different next time.I love the low ceilings and how you can see through to the kitchen. It's very clean and I loved the ambiance. You betcha I'll be back!
5	We had the Beet salad, the Chicken thines, the Mac N Cheese, the food was fantastic, the service was great and the overall experience was great we look forward to the next time we eat at the Carson kitchen!
4	Comfort food with finesse. Nice change up for us locals tired of fighting strip traffic.
5	Fantastic service and a great atmosphere! If you want to enjoy gourmet style food for a very reasonable price. The greatest thing about this place is it's personality. The servers are fantastic and the food is phenomenal. Definitely recommend if you're in the Fremont area.
5	The whole experience was fantastic! The host and the server were friendly and the food was over the top, delicious. I got the Mac and cheese. The cheese was delicious and full of creamy flavor, the sprouts and spuds are tasty, the deviled eggs are the best I've ever had. Last but not least the Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak....WOW! The chef cooked the steak to medium rare perfection. Explosions of flavors in my mouth. Happy 30th birthday to me!
4	Great food and great vibe. The staff is very trendy, but also knowledgeable. The Mac n Cheese and the Gyro Tacos were probably the highlight for me. I wasn't a fan of the Cauliflower dish... It sort of tasted like grilled veggies doused in lemon juice. Overall, a great experience and I would definitely go back.
5	Warning!! Worst review ever ahead.The food here is God damned delicious!! I'm not specific because I think I've had everything on the menu almost.Weather permitting, try to sit on the upstairs patio.That is all. Just go to Carson and enjoy the amazing culinary of Las Vegas. Great times we're living in!
4	Cool urban vibe.  Reminded me of the East Coast a little.  The food will not blow your mind and is not of the same quality that you would find in the michelin starred strip restaurants, but it is tasty enough to be a great value.  I definitely recommend checking it out with a group and sitting upstairs on the patio.  Service was excellent as well.
5	Perfect location on the brim of downtown and not in the middle of the cray cray bars - if you like to avoid giant groups of young drunk people. If you prefer that scene, it's only a block or two away.The service is exceptional and the menu is fantastic. I've been here a couple of times now so I can safely say the mac n cheese, the mushroom flatbread, the gyro tacos and the Fried Green Tomato sandwich are all FABULOUS.Right - I didn't eat all of that in one visit. Stop judging me... I like food.On a nice evening you can sit on the roof and enjoy our lovely Vegas weather with a beautiful bar and staff members that will suggest the perfect brew for your tastebuds.Can't wait to take out of towners here.
5	I love this place. At first I was put off by the communal table concept but after talking to the patrons around us and talking about the different menu items (and even sharing our tempura green beans) I realized how genius it is. I highly recommend the chicken thighs, tempura green beans (the sweet cream cheese pepper jelly is amazing), and baked mac and cheese were all decisions! I can't wait to return and try more of the menu! What a great addition this is to downtown!
5	Loved everything about this place!  The food, the location, the ambiance.
5	MUST MUST MUST EAT HERE!!!! Sooooooo freakin' good!! I just tried the chicken skin, meatballs, devil'd eggs and the BACON JAM baguette. I'm eating here every time in in Vegas now. I just asked the chef if there's anything close to the bacon jam over in LA. So good!
4	We went here with some people and thought most everything we ordered was really good, we had heard a lot of hype, and it mostly lived up the the hype, def one of the better non-hotel places down town vegas.  Everyone was raving about the Bacon Jam, that I thought was just fair but the green beans and NY steak were really good and the Chicken Skins were great!
5	Food is awesome. Prices are reasonable for said food. Service hasn't been totally consistent, but everything else compensates for it. Butter Burger is a new favorite. Kerry Simon is a culinary genius and never disappoints, even if he's not there making the food himself!
4	Love this trendy downtown spot, everything from the food, to the decor, it a great downtown Las Vegas eatery.I would like to see more vegetarian options offered on the menu, and 2 of the 3 times I've visited the were out of the swordfish I really wanted to try.My menu favorites are the Broccoli crunch and mushroom flatbread! My boyfriends favorites are the oxtail risotto and crispy chicken skins. Everything we've tried we've definitely loved. The only thing that I really wasn't in love with was the rabbit ragu because mine was a little overbearing with oil. (Cooked to order, maybe the chef had a heavy hand is all).
5	Went there on a Saturday night with two girlfriends. Temps were in the high 50's, low 60's. They had heat lamps and even brought us snuggies to keep us warm! The service was impeccable. The food- amazing!!! Far exceeded my expectations. We started with the gyro tacos- so tasty, so delicious. Then we had the tomato stack, broccoli crunch, chicken thighs, short rib sliders, and the turkey burger. ALL EXCELLENT. Not one mediocre item. We shared the bread pudding for desert.. Again- delectable. I cannot wait to go back- and bring my family and friends who haven't been.. Downtown Vegas just keeps getting better- and Carson Kitchen is the perfect addition! A gem.
4	Visiting from San Diego, we were looking for a great craft cocktail off of the strip. Geronimo -the bartender- totally made our vacation! Incredible concoctions, infusions, and tastings were interesting and powerful ;)Add some live music, and I'll do a full 5 stars!
5	We weren't quite sure at first glance whether or not we should dare enter this restraunt...WOW were we glad we did! From the bacon jam to the New York strip to the service...it was AMAZING! If you are staying on Fremont St I strongly urge you to eat at Carson Kitchen. We will definitely return!
5	Trendy place located downtown Las Vegas.  Fun plates tapas style to share if you are having lunch.  I didn't have dinner there yet but it is on my list of places for dinner.  Being that I am a big fan of Kerry Simon, I can't say one thing negative.  It was good food, reasonably priced and fun atmosphere.  We sat at the bar that surrounded the prep area.  I would definitely recommend this to the tourist visiting the area as well as the locals.
5	(Janet) Jason and I travel quite a bit and visit many different restaurants and hotels, but we haven't felt inspired enough to create our yelp account until now. Neither one of us are Vegas fans, the strip gets old real fast and we're not big gamblers. So we decided to go to Freemont Street and walk around - the "old" vegas if you will - neither one of us had been downtown before. We yelped restaurants in the area and found Carson Kitchen. It's two blocks away from the Freemont Street Experience. (Jason) The manager of the restaurant, Matt, sets the tone that the rest of the team follows. Friendly, inviting, and dedicated to making our dining experience completely different from the depersonalized norm on the strip. The food was outstanding. All the staff was friendly. Great atmosphere - we really enjoyed sitting at the chef's bar overlooking the kitchen.  Do not miss the Bacon Jam!The downtown revitalization makes us actually look forward to our next stay in Vegas.
5	I love this place. At first I was put off by the communal table concept but after talking to the patrons around us and talking about the different menu items (and even sharing our tempura green beans) I realized how genius it is. I highly recommend the chicken thighs, tempura green beans (the sweet cream cheese pepper jelly is amazing), and baked mac and cheese! I can't wait to return and try more of the menu, especially the desserts! What a great addition this is to downtown!
3	Food and drink were fantastic.  Chicken skin app is seriously tasty, deviled eggs were clearly sent from Heaven, cocoa-rubbed steak and jerk turkey burger astoundingly delicious.  If this review were based strictly on cuisine, it would be 5 stars.  Unfortunately, we sat at the bar and did not appreciate the bartender's flippant attitude, feeble attempts at flirting and seriously rude comments (hates California, certain menu items are "disgusting! Blecccch!,"  etc.  It was truly a shame our fantastic dinner was ruined by such unprofessional conduct.  We would go back here in a heartbeat but would never again be cajoled into dining at the bar.
4	Comfortable dining room with good music and a nice lightingReasonably priceyVery friendly interactive serviceBacon Jam - good for the first bite then too richVeal Meatballs - Tender and rich in a good wayCocoa Espresso Strip Steak - Good piece of meat, seasoned and cooked properlyChicken Thighs - over seasoned, otherwise tender with great flavorI think this place can be excellent. Need to give it another try.
5	My initial impression was right - this is definitely a 5-star restaurant. I dined here with 9 friends this evening, excited to check out the new winter menu. Every person in our group, including a restaurant owner and 2 cooks, was amazed at the quality of the food. Who would have thought the Wild Mushroom Flatbread could get any better, but it did! Butternut squash now serves as a base, and reminded us at first bite that it actually is fall here in Vegas. I will go back for the Pear & Persimmon Salad tomorrow - topped with brittle, this outstanding salad was intriguing and satisfying.Really, I don't know where to start or finish - we sampled no less than 8 dishes, and each was excellent. The beverages were perfect. To top it all off, the service was just perfect. Geronimo took great care of us at the bar, and GM Matt Harwell (along with owner Cory Harwell) made us feel like part of the family.What more can you ask of a restaurant than that it leaves you craving your next meal there?
5	I just dined at Carson Kitchen last night for the first time with a few friends. It was absolutely delightful!!! I am a personal chef and I love dining out and getting new ideas to add to my menu's which I offer up to my clients. My favorite item we ordered was the bacon jam with brie. OMG. Cory, one of the owners was kind enough to share the recipe with our group. I am going to attempt to make this at my holiday party. HOLY COW. It was fantastic. I also loved the deviled eggs (the pancetta and the caviar were a wonderful touch), the veal meatballs with  cream sauce, and the chicken skins with a yummy honey dip. We had several other wonderufl dishes but these particular ones stood out. My martini was made to perfection. The atmosphere of this place reminded me of places where I used to hang out in Seattle. VERY cool vibe, and VERY busy. We had great service and overall had a really nice evening.  I can't wait to go back and bring my friends. Thank you Cory for a memorable evening at Carson Kitchen!
3	As I read over all the glowing 5-star reviews of this place, I have to wonder where all the love comes from.  The atmosphere is great, the service is great, but the food is just OK.  The food isn't bad, but I was hoping for much better.I had the chicken skins, which were deliciously unhealthy.  The skins were crispy and delicious, but I didn't care for the smoked honey dipping sauce.  No idea how you smoke honey, but the smokiness left a weird after-taste that lasted far too long.  I also had the tempura green beans, which came out pretty crispy, considering how much water green beans have in them.  Paired with a pepper cream cheese, the beans were probably the best dish of the night.  The black rice oxtail risotto wasn't to my liking - a little too oily and definitely too salty.  Even though I have a wicked sweet tooth, I actually found the sweet potato pie (with pecans and a stout-laced marshmallow browned topping) too sweet.  I liked what they were trying to do here, an interesting spin on every dish, but the execution was off just enough that I can't rave about the place.That said, I will probably come back here.  I loved the atmosphere, the staff is super nice and friendly (one of the chefs started chatting with me while he was working), and the food is light-years better than most offerings Downtown (damning with faint praise, I know). Plus I thought the prices were pretty reasonable. So I can't say I'm dying to come back here, but I'll probably have another meal or two at Carson Kitchen.
4	I joined a group of friends at Carson Kitchen not knowing what to expect and was more than pleasantly surprised. Such a creative menu in a funky setting. The food was creative and my favorites of the evening were the chicken skins, bacon jam, flatbread and sweet potato in a jar. The weather prohibited us from eating at the rooftop dining area but will try that next visit.Two suggestions: 1) adding the name of the restaurant (maybe a reflective steel grey) on the second window on the top as the other signage is blocked by parked cars and the black text is hard to read and 2) hooks for purses.If you enjoy creative food and a pleasant atmosphere this is a place to seek out. Thank you GM Matt Harwell for your hands on style.
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would!!Some of the most amazing flavors I've ever tasted. You MUST, I say MUST, order the bacon jam with baked Brie served with toasted baguette slices. It's sweet and zesty, and most of all bacon-y!!! It was close to the best thing I've ever eaten.This place is small and hip. Has great service and a great atmosphere. If you sit at the bar you can watch the chefs cook.Our waiter mentioned to us that they will be changing their menu every 8 weeks; that statement will bring me back here next time I am in Vegas. I can't wait to try their new menu items.Mmmmmm! GO HERE!
5	Food was awesome,  we sat at the bar and Tara took care of us,  she filled us in on the menu and made suggestions, everything she suggested was amazing.  Nice little date night place reminded us of a place you'd go to in LA.
5	Not only some of the best service in Las Vegas, also the BEST food I've had here in years!!! Get the bacon jam, Brie and baguette- it will change your life it's so good!!!! Also, if you can, sit at 1 of the 4 seats at the kitchen - best seat in the house!!!
5	Awesome all the way around! This place has been on my radar for a while. Saturday I picked up a friend visiting from Miami and we went straight to the restaurant for lunch. We parked on 7th. I was not sure of the exact location as it's located / in the Carson Hotel - there are a handful of small take out-coffee kinda places and I found it difficult to find. A gentleman was outside where I temp parked my car. I walked around the corner and was still a bit confused on where we were heading. He kindly asked me what I was looking for - when I told him he said "I'll take you ladies there.  It's my restaurant." He redirected me to a better parking spot, introduced himself, escorted us in and seated us. That's customer service! Not sure what it would be like at dinner / busy time of day. It's small so I would imagine it gets packed. Tim was personable, helpful and hospitable. My friend had a page from the Dec 2014 issue of Conde Nast with a raving review of the Carson Kitchen. Tim had not seen the editorial, yet but was appreciative. This kind of PR in Conde Nast will set this place on fire, in a good way for them, and hopefully keep the core values / direction of this restaurant. We ordered about 4 dishes, shared each one and licked the plates clean. Everything was fresh and we sat at the "open kitchen- family style" seating area. Ambiance and detail to design is amaze. Service on spot. Prices totally fair. And the owners are running this joint like a fine tuned machine. Yipee, a true gem downtown, off the strip, & non pretentious. Meatballs, tempura green beens, and beet salad+goat cheese where a few of our shared plates. Sadly, I can not  remember details about the other dishes we had off the top of my head - but one was like a bacon - chutney - hot cheese spread with fresh bread. To die for!
5	Excellent menu, superb service, and a delightful atmosphere (consider, especially, eating on the roof).  The prices are very reasonable, and everyone on staff was cheerful, timely, and attentive.  Go here if you want a little break from the Vegas lights, and enjoy an intimate evening under an open sky.
4	Crispy Fried Chicken Skin.!  I'll get back to this.Part of the onging DTLV revitalization comes a new eatery from celebrity chef Kerry Simon.  Without being unkind to the other eateries, this one is a winner.Straight to the food, as with most places billing themselves and New American comfort food, stick to menu items that sound "normal".  A chili cheese dog flatbread?  I think not.Most menu items are meant to be shared.  Portions are decent.  Four small plates is perfect for two guest.  Be warned, many dishes come in with three items.Listen to the raves, deep fried, flower dusted, crispy chicken skin FTW!  Be honest, free your inner Joey, home alone, in your boxers, a bucket of fried chicken; yup one naked buck-o-cluck.  Simply put, the essence of chicken, crispy and not oily, aggressively seasoned.  The accompanying smoked honey actually takes away from the enjoyment of the simple dish.Arteries already being clogged, why not continue with an excellent bacon jam.  Topped with melted brie, smear some on lightly toasted baguette; its bitter, salty, sweet, hints of ripe cheese a near perfect combo.  Other  great plates include Devil's Eggs, the classic deviled egg topped with crisp, well rendered pancetta and salty, briny caviar that wakes the pallet up yearning for more.  A very good mushroom flatbread with its well seasoned crisp crust with generous amount of wild mushroom with deeply caramelized, sweet onions and pungent bleu cheese.  Finally a bowl of veal meatballs with sherry foie cream.  Although slightly dry, the  foie cream did a great job adding richness to the dish.For larger dishes, the cocoa - espresso NY steak, is OK.  Well trimmed, thick cut, cooked to temp but the bitterness of the crust fails to permeate the beef.   As a result, the accompanying red wine demi adds a cloying sweetness that when combined with the bitterness of the crust, brings out the metallic flavor of the beef.  The rabbit ragu.  Tender and fall apart bits of Thumper  stewed in a spicy tomato base.  Good without being overly spicy.  The ragu could reduced further for greater flavor.Small but well chosen list of beers and wines that compliment the food well.  Fair markup.Efficient off Strip service.Worth the trip for the chicken skin alone.
3	Service was great and we enjoyed the food
4	Went here for the first time for a business lunch. Between us we had the gyro tacos, meatballs, turkey burger, and carbonara. Everything tasted great and unique but not TOO unique like other places who try to get too fancy with "normal" dishes. There were a few slight service glitches (food took a long time to arrive, had to ask for water refills, etc.) but besides that, this is another very welcome addition to the downtown scene.
4	My wife and I just tried this spot on a rare rainy Friday night here in Vegas. Because of the rain we had to sit inside, which is fairly small but well laid out. It's also mostly communal seating, which I'm not a fan of, but the tables are wide enough that you aren't shoved up in someone else's face. Unfortunately, the tables only have about 6" of overhang and are completely solid underneath, which is a bit uncomfortable when you're over 6' tall.The food is great and the prices are reasonable for what you get. We started with the crispy chicken skins, which were expectedly amazing. I mean, come on! All our lives we're told not to eat the skin (which we all know is the best part) because it's "not healthy".  Well here, they give you a whole bowl of just that with a side of smoked honey. It's fantastic. Then we got the Bacon Jam, which is arguably what made us want to eat here in the first place. My wife absolutely loved it, but shockingly, I wasn't overwhelmed by it for some reason. It's a sizzling cast iron plate of bacon and brie cheese, how could I not love that?!? Oh well, that's a mystery for another time.Next we shared the Jerk Turkey Burger, which was back to amazing, for both of us this time. It's flavorful, juicy, tender and just spicy enough. The burger came with a side of spicy tater tots which were delicious also. Finally we shared the Glazed Donut Bread Pudding. This was decidedly mediocre for both of us. Just a big, doughy, plop of undercooked cake soaked in butter and caramel. Sounds like it would be great but it had next to no flavor. For drinks we both had "Drinks With the Mrs" which were excellent. Refreshing but just strong enough. Overall, it's a solid 4 stars and we'd definitely come again to try some more of the menu.
4	Good food, good service but very noisy; too noisy to carry on a meaningful conversation but fine for general drinks and partying. That's not a fault as this is their apparent intent. Not the place for a business meeting of any significance. The one comment I have about their tacos is they are way overly salted; like pucker level salt that kills the nice taste.  I also had the meatballs and jalapeno poppers and they were excellent!  I'll go back for drinks and apps.
5	This is getting to be my go-to restaurant downtown! Just took my agents again; 6 of us had lunch today. I'm giving it 5 stars because it deserves it, but I'm afraid the bacon jam - one of my favorite dishes - was a bit disappointing today. I'm sure it will be perfect next time. Loved the Pear Persimmon Salad with hazelnut brittle, the Rainbow Cauliflower, the Chicken Skins and several other dishes. And of course, the bread pudding made from donuts.
3	I'd eaten here back when they first opened and, for the most part, enjoyed what I had. There were a couple missteps (I'm looking at you oxtail and black rice risotto), but overall it was pretty good.This time,  however, was a little different. The bacon jam didn't really have a discernible taste, very muddled. If someone served it to me without telling me what it was and asked me what I thought, I don't think I would have been able to identify it as bacon. The pork belly carbonara was meh, and the belly tasted almost like they used liquid smoke on it and it was served luke warm.  The pear and persimmon salad was ok, but again, pretty muddled. Also tried the chix skins, which were great. I'm not a big fan of honey, but the smoked honey went great with the skins.The beet salad was easily my favorite dish. Very clean, discernable flavors and a nice presentation. Probably an off day, gonna have to give it another try at some point.
3	Place is very cute and cozy and the food is good.  The problems I found were the portions, the prices, and the small menu.  I ordered swordfish which tasted very good but it was extremely small and it came with no sides, absolutely nothing and it was pretty expensive for the size.  With so many options in Vegas, I personally prefer to go somewhere else where I will get about the same quality, bigger portions, for the same price. Not to mention this is Downtown so prices are a little too high for that. I would not come back.
5	Love this place! So unique So Simon!! Awesome spot and Kerry and Cory nailed it with a perfect spot for the downtown vibe. Small place so be patient to be seated but the food and drinks are worth the wait! Bourbon Brownie with Bacon Ice Cream?? Who thinks of this stuff?? I think it's great that such culinary talent could make a small place downtown work like they do!!
3	This place was good. Everything we had was very tasty. Everyone working here is really nice. So why only a 3 stars A-OK experience?It's a food running, kitchen execution issue. We were sitting at the bar where we could openly see everything that was happening in the kitchen. My friend ordered sliders with fries and I ordered Mac n Cheese. Usually at a sit down restaurants where you're paying over $10 a plate, the food comes more or less at around the same time. The sliders came first. Waited 5 minutes, then the server came to ask how everything was. IThis was strange since they could see that I hadn't gotten my dish yet.  After a little while, Mac n Cheese materialized on the pass, but no one was around to run the food to the table. The Sous chef hit the bell to call for a runner, but no one came. It didn't seem like it was a big priority that no one was running the dish that they had just taken the time to create. There's nothing more frustrating to see your food prepared and ready to be served, but no one is around to bring it to you. And it wasn't that anyone was slacking, everyone was actually busy at tables. I think the food sat there for a good 3-4 minutes before a Manager came by. The Manager ran the food to us, put the Mac and Cheese down on the other side of my friend from where I was sitting. Obviously the plate was for me but even so.. This problem can be avoided with a simple seat number system when the server takes the order.Just some constructive criticism. I hope they rethink this side of the service and staff some runners or serving assistants and when I'm back again sometime, I hope to have an above and beyond experience.
5	A great spot in Downtown Las Vegas. I love the atmosphere. Service has been great the three times I went. Loved the Mac and Cheese. Had the Fried Green Tomato sandwich every time because... I might be addicted. I tried a few cocktails as well and each was great. Great for date night, friend dinners, or dining alone at the bar. I want to go back on a weekend to enjoy the upstairs patio when it's open.
4	BEST craft cocktails EVER.Seriously. Lots of people design creative craft cocktails, but then other people make them and they're way off balance. Or something else is wrong. We had six, and all were in the range of stellar to magnificent.5++++ stars for those amazing cocktails. Great variety too. Some more boozy, some less, great variety of spirits and house-made elixirs.Great service.Food? Left a lot to be desired for me but my partner was more easily pleased.We shared mac n cheese (my personal favorite and one of the better macs around), broccoli crunch, and roasted cauliflower. The cauliflower was a garlic cop-out. Like young people who don't understand flavor and cook only with garlic and salt. Only in this case it's garlic and lemon. Not interesting, not creative. The broccoli crunch had raisins (not on menu list) and lacked pepitas (on menu list). If it's going to flip from what's advertised they should tell you.Surprise raisins are just not cool. Partner liked both of those dishes, but I'm the chef in the family, and I found them lacking. I think he liked the mac less because of the pasta but I thought the pasta was excellent--smaller elbows that didn't taste like boiled bread like some of the larger pastas can. Had a nice tang.Overall this place warrants a visit, especially from those who eat meat. The heavy-on-meat menu had a lot of creative options. They really should add a vegetarian sandwich/slider option to the all-meat sandwich list. My other complaint was being seated by a rear door that apparently leads to a patio (unused because freeeeeezing) and the offices, but employees constantly went out to the "office" for apparently no good reason and froze us out every single time they opened the door (about 30 times in 3 hours).
5	Stopped by Carson Kitchen on Thanksgiving Eve and was so glad that I did. We were a very hungry group of six, who did a quick Yelp search and ended up here. So glad we did. Located in Downtown Las Vegas, Carson Kitchen is a classy tapas style restuarant. It is very small, quaint, and loud.Roman was our server and he was great! Whatever questions we asked about the menu or any unusual requests we made (truffle ketchup), he delivered. In fact, everyone working here was great. I saw a lot of customers waving goodbye as they left, which tells me that a lot of locals frequent this place.Their mac n cheese is my absolute favorite!!!!! Burger was also very good.
5	Went back Monday night at 6pm. Waited about 8 minutes... But the place filled up fast! Devils Eggs, awesome! Veal Meatballs delicious. Wild mushroom flat bread - eh, ok. A lot of tasty mushrooms, spinach, and a butternut squash "spread"... The waiter said it was adjusted a few weeks ago and that they were trying something for the winter. Makes sense, it just wasn't my fav dish, but we ate it all. Feel like that dish needs some adjusting. There was a party of 3 behind me - they had a 45 min wait.. And there was a 17 year old with them so sitting at the bar was not an option. I told them to wait as it was well worth it, and there options on Fremont Street are not to be compared on all levels! Get here early to avoid a wait if you are hungry. The space is small - but functions, well. It was cold outside, so everyone was waiting inside, and I could feel the energy from the folks that wanted to get seated and eat. I could have stayed to enjoy another glass of wine, chat up with my friend, but felt bad for the hungry people, so we split.
5	Went back for dinner with a larger group so got to try a lot of different dishes. I now think this is a true gem. No, it's not fine dining but for a slightly upscale, but casual meal you really can't go wrong. Had the fried chicken skins, turkey burger, mac and cheese, NY strip, carbonara, and meatballs and they were all great. We sat at the bar and the bartender was super attentive and kept the drinks flowing, which I'm sure helped us enjoy the meal that much more!
5	Amazing food! Atmosphere was great as well and the service is top notch. I would definitely recommend the bacon jam and baked mac n cheese.  Check it out!
4	I really liked the feel of this place. It had that industrial feel yet it was 'warm'. I felt the 90's alternative rock playing fit really well into the ambiance. The server greeted us and explained how everything works. Although this was more of a tapas, or small plate, type of place, we opted to go with a couple appetizers followed by entrees. We ordered the chicken skins, which was an interesting choice but highly recommended. I don't know what it was but I sneezed each time I took a bite. Nonetheless, I really enjoyed them! We also had the tempura green beans, which were really good with the jelly.I opted for the osso buco, which was nothing special and it was really small. Everyone else had the filet and I think they won out. I found the menu a bit limited but that isn't a bad thing as they do fewer thing better (in theory). The prices were pretty good considering where you are. It's a good place to socialize and recommended.
2	We came here first time and it was really good, maybe best place in down town but today we check their hours in YELP and YELP said THEY are opening until 10 pm when we opened the door they told us that they were closing in an hour is just 8:30 that means 9:30. Yelp or you guys  have to go in the same page!!!
5	My wife and I ate here with some friends last Wednesday for lunch. Its located just a short distance from Container Park in Downtown Vegas. I knew who Chef Kerry Simon was seeing him on the Food Network a couple times. I like his style of fun, american style food. The restaurant is very nice with an open kitchen. I thought it was a little tight inside with little elbow space between your dining companions. However, the food here is excellent. We tried the Chicken Skins with Smoked Honey Dip ($6), Mushroom and Mozarella Flatbread ($12), and Bison Sliders with Spicy Tatertots ($12). They all tasted great. The best thing at this restaurant was definitely the Bacon Jam with Brie and Baguette ($12). It was sweet, salty, sour goodness! That dish is definitely in my Top 5 of must try Vegas eats. If you're in downtown, I say forget the oxtail soup in California Hotel and come try the Bacon Jam. Keep calm and Kerry on!
4	Went couple of months ago at carson kitchen. Enjoyed the food.
5	I went to Carson Kitchen for dinner fairly soon after they first opened and I have to say their food was really good.  I kept it simple with a flat bread and the deconstructed donut dessert and they were both really good. Recently I had occasion to join a friend there for lunch and was treated to food that was even better than in their early days. Sure, different menu items, but it felt like they had dialed things in a bit and the sliders and the deviled eggs that we had were really really good. To top if off, the people working there are extremely friendly and on top of their game, overall I would say this is a really great addition to downtown fare and you should definitely check it out, especially if you're looking for a new lunch spot.
4	Ate here about 1:30 pm on Sun/21 Dec:- The gyro tacos for $10 were delicious.- Had the $14 trout(?), that was good.- Will be back to try some other items.
4	Carson Kitchen is a poster child of revitalized downtown, the whole experiene here was well designed and executed. From the menu to the furniture to the staff, all of those elements support the consistent delivery of the concept.- Broccoli crunch- Crispy chicken skins, baked mac n cheese- Cocoa-espresso NY strip steak- Glazed donut bread puddingThe food, the service, the vibe... all great, however all the foods were on the rich side. I would like to have more "lighter" side of options to balance out the acidity of my stomach, but it seemed like an opinionated choice so I get it.
4	We tried to go to Carson Kitchen on a Saturday night at about 5pm, there was a 90 minute wait. So we went back Sunday at about 11:15am, right after they opened. We were seated immediately in a pretty empty restaurant. They don't have highchairs, and apparently we think its appropriate to take our 18 month old to a hipster bar/restaurant, so we got our toddler to sit in a regular chair and had a nice (and quick) lunch. We enjoyed a beet salad, smashed potatoes, and jalepenos.  But my favorite was bacon jam.  It was pretty ridiculous. I couldn't look at bacon again for a few days after, but it was so worth it.
4	My friends and I went to Carson' s Kitchen for a Saturday lunch. We had a large group so I had called for a reservation about 2 weeks in advance which was a good thing because the place was pretty small. It was small but it was cool and industrial yet cozy looking. Our server was really nice and we felt really welcomed.  We ordered all the social plates which consists of the crispy chicken skins,  bacon jam, devil's eggs, tempura green beans, wellington empanada,  gyro tacos, veal meatballs and walnut shrimps. We also ordered short rib sliders and wild mushrooms flat breads. The walnut shrimps were okay but everything else was delicious.  Loved loved the bacon jam. I would definitely go back and would recommend this place to anyone.   So yummy.
4	Excellent menu, superb service, and a delightful atmosphere (consider, especially, eating on the roof).  The prices are very reasonable, and everyone on staff was cheerful, timely, and attentive.  Go here if you want a little break from the Vegas lights, and enjoy an intimate evening under an open sky.
5	Just another example of why Downtown LV is so much better for foodies than the Strip. This well designed hole-in-the wall can compete with any comfort food place I've ever been to. It is next to O-face, which was a disappointment, but this is knock your socks off guilty pleasure grub. Order this stuff and shut up: The chicken skin, bacon jam, and gyro tacos.  Kids will like the Mac and cheese. Also, good wine list. Simple with great price point. Staff was having a good time, even at 4pm. The design is noteworthy and there are other special touches (ie check presenter). Worth the trip...totally, but don't tell you cardiologist.
5	Carson Kitchen is all things wonderful (except the long waits to be sat from being so darn good and busy, but there's a bar and a courtyard while you wait so horray!)We sat on the roof deck which is great during summer nights. (I know it's winter while I post this review so sorry) the view of Downtown was really nice. We tried the bacon jam (Yum!) and Gyro Tacos (also yum!) to start. The table next to us ordered the crispy chicken skins which looked amazing, so we have to try that. We also tried the Baked Mac & Cheese which was rich and super de-lish. For dessert, we ordered the Glazed Donut Bread Pudding, which was okay. I mean the flavor was there, but I am not too much of a fan of O-Face donuts. They are a little too dense for my liking. We also tried the Bourbon Fudge Brownie that was served along Brown Butter Bacon ice cream. That was delightful! So good.Can't wait to try more next time.
4	Went with some of my co workers and had a great real really casual setting food was very impressive very sheek food presentation. Only complaint was the music was very loud could not hear people on the other side of the table.
4	Excellent menu, superb service, and a delightful atmosphere (consider, especially, eating on the roof).  The prices are very reasonable, and everyone on staff was cheerful, timely, and attentive.
4	This place was great, quality over quantity is a welcome experience after trying almost every buffet in Vegas over the years lol  Service was excellent!
5	We had our New Year's dinner here and it was awesome. I'm serious! Don't bother with the over rated over priced items at the strip. Drive out and have a nice meal here. The items are mostly  for sharing so it's really great for Variety with friends. You Gotta try their chicken skin with smoked honey and their coffee ny strip too. They also have an interesting bacon ice cream fudge brownie dessert which is well worth a shot!Service here was awesome and quick. They're all friendly and believers of their food too. "Everything's on the menu is good." Was what we were told and so far that's been true!They don't take reservations but just give them a call 30 mins before arrival and they can pop ya on the wait list and  hold a table for you too :)Overall I'd recommend this to both couples and groups of friends.
4	delish burger...a little slow, but I did request my meat well done.  Otherwise, on point.  :)  If I have the time in the future to go, I will.  It really fills up for lunchtime, so go a bit early.
5	Wow, second time having dinner here and I regret I didn't give them a 5 star on the first. It's super small so go early or be prepared to wait but it's worth it. I've been a senior marketing executive at the biggest casino resort on the strip. I've eaten in every celebrity chef restaurant in Vegas. This is one of my favorite restaurants, period. From the hyper creative menu, chicken skins, Devils eggs, etc. to the very good boutique service. This restaurant is legit. Actually I shouldn't write this good of a review because it will get crazy popular, as if it's not already popular. Let's make these people famous so they will open more restaurants like this one. Awesome place.
5	love this place! if the weather is good the rooftop bar is really cute. love the beef wellington empanadas, the espresso rubbed steak, bacon jam, green beans, mac and cheese, cant go wrong here! andrew is my favorite bartender hes a cheerful irish guy full of jokes and gives great recommendations
5	Wow!  Another fabulous restaurant by Kerry Simon and crew. Great vibe. Very low ceilings and intimate. Group tables make the experience very social. We had the fried chicken skin, Devils eggs, pork osso buco and black rice oxtail risotto. Great selection of beers. All reasonably priced. Great service. This is a real gem. A little hard to find, with a small title in the window.  We loved the dinner and the place.
5	Holy cow Batman! Now this is a great place to eat and drink!  It has been a long time since I found a great non chain restrraunt in vegas  to eat at a great price!  Super good food, super good service and cool place!  It is smalll so don't tell to many friends about this place!
3	It's good for Vegas (off strip), but there are so many of these types of restaurants in other cities that are much better. The bacon brie appetizer was good, but not memorable. Too much bacon, not enough cheese or bread. The butter burger was very good, and the tator tots were decent. Did not like the foie veal meatballs, tasted sort of mealy.
4	This place was great, quality over quantity is a welcome experience after trying almost every buffet in Vegas over the years lol  Service was excellent! I will make this my regular spot to eat when we go to Vegas! Seriously we were really impressed with everything we ordered.
5	I was determined to try this place after looking at their menu - I mean, how could a place that serves Fried Chicken Skin be bad, right?  They totally lived up to my expectations!  The chicken skins are served with a honey to dip them in, and the salty sweet combo is just what I wanted. We also tried the bacon jam, which was a little to sweet for me (I was picturing more smoky/salty), but it was thoroughly enjoyed by everyone at our table. Our meal was DELISH, and the service was perfect. Make sure to try the Rainbow Cauliflower, and the Glazed Donut Bread Pudding.  I had the Bourbon Brownie and Browned Butter Bacon ice cream.  The brownie had the texture of a chocolate bar, rather than a brownie, and the bourbon was truly present - almost overwhelming, but the ice cream was great. All of the drinks on their menu use really obscure liquors, which I guess makes them a little more pricey. They do have a full bar, though. I would definitely recommend this place, and can't wait to go back.
4	The food here is wonderful. The service is impeccable and the atmosphere is like you're at home. First time here and I can see myself driving from CA just to have the lemon charred cauliflower and the coffe, chocolate, yummy
4	On a weekend getaway, the Hubby and I decided to forgo the dining on the strip to check out this little gem in Old Vegas. This part of Vegas looks like it belongs in San Francisco -- kind of a hipster feel to it. Be careful not to drive past the restaurant - it doesn't have a gigantic obvious sign, so you'll have to look out for Chef Kerry Simon's face on the window. I think we circled that block a couple of times until we finally saw it. The restaurant is small and cozy. We were lucky to be seated at a bar that was in open view of the kitchen - that was a nice surprise. Our server was so incredibly sweet and made the experience that much more memorable. The food was both creative and delicious. Here's what we ordered:- Fried chicken skin- Pasta carbonara topped with a fried egg yolk - Bacon jam- Award winning turkey burger- Bread pudding (made with vanilla glazed donuts from O-Face Donuts next door)Everything was delicious, but we especially loved the fried chicken skin, bacon jam and bread pudding! That bread pudding. Wow. Definitely don't pass on this dessert even if it requires you unbuttoning your pants to allow yourself some breathing room. It's definitely worth it and a reason to go back. Only suggestion would be to the kitchen staff - if you're sous chef'ing it or prepping right in front of your guests, you might want to at least take a second to make eye contact and just drop a little 'hi, how are you?' We weren't so lucky - in fact, it looked like this staff member may have been having a horrible day, if we had to guess. Didn't know if it was policy to not interact with guests while working but it didn't seem to match up to the warm service given by everyone else at CK. A fabulous experience nonetheless and we will definitely be back! So glad we checked this place out.
5	Excellent customer service.The food is amazing. I recommend this to all my friends.
5	I live in Vegas and had never heard of this place - but went with some friends. We all had something different and everyone loved what they had including me! Tasty, hot, presentation was great. We will be going back!
5	It's a bit delayed, but I have been here a few times in 2014. Love. Love the cauliflower! I am vegetarian, but here great things about the Bacon Jam...who knew!
