4	We were stranded in Charlotte and were the LAST flight to be cancelled on a day when 3" of snow fell.  As a result, all hotels in the immediate vicinity were full.  This hotel is 4 miles away from the airport which was a quick & relatively inexpensive cab ride.  (NOTE: they usually have a free shuttle but it wasn't running due to the road conditions).It was 1:30 AM when we finally arrived at the hotel and the person who greeted us was still cheery and helpful.  We had 8 people in our group and needed 3 rooms between us.  They were more than accommodating and room rates were reasonable ($85/night for a double).The rooms were very clean and the hotel has free wireless, a fitness center and free breakfast that includes make-your-own waffles.I ended up leaving a piece of jewelry behind which they retrieved and mailed to me which says a lot about the honesty of their staff down to the cleaning person.While there aren't any good restaurants right near by, there's an Enterprise Rent-a-Car across the street which is very convenient and South Blvd is a cheap cab ride away ($10) and has many great restaurants.I was very pleased overall with the level of service and convenience.  I would stay there again if I was traveling through Charlotte again.
4	I have had some of my worst experiences at La Quinta Inns. While I travel most weeks on business, we were in Charlotte on R&R on this occasion. I generally stay clear of La Quinta. Some are cheap motels with bad rooms and loud guests. I tried this one for 3 reasons: 1. They take pets (at no charge!) and we were travelling with our small dog, 2. A lot of Yelpers had good things to say about it. and 3. The price was really good. So, I gave it a try.The hotel is just that, a hotel, not a motel. It's well kept, clean, and contemporary. The room was extremely nice. Very clean, very modern and up-to-date. The bed was very comfortable as were the pillows. However, in today's competitive hotel market, in this price range, most hotels have upped the ante on their free breakfast. La Quinta has the worst of all in this price range and this one was no exception. If you're satisfied with a waffle, an un-pealed hard-boiled egg, toast and cold cereal, you're right where you want to be. I, on the other hand, expect a hot egg option, a hot meat option and a bonus (like biscuits and gravy) like the other chains provide. I guess you could make the case that, with the money saved, I could go buy breakfast (which I did - at Zada Janes).Travelling on business, I would not stay here. I don't allow the time to stop somewhere for breakfast and tend to make use of the hotel's offering. Travelling with my wife and dog, however, I'd probably stay again.
4	Another good review for a La Quinta. A decent room that was quiet and insulated from the hallway noises, though on the ground floor I had easy access to the parking lot and the occasional "beep" from a car alarm being set. Comfortable large sized room with coffee maker, microwave and mini-fridge, the bathroom was good sized as well. No complaints, other than the price ($79) seemed a little high for a king-sized bed.LQ breakfast seems a little limited, but it fits the bill. If you want more, there's a 24 hour IHOP nearby.I would stay here again.
5	Stayed here during a road trip with the hubby and our mutt last week.  Everything about the one night stay was pleasant and comfortable.  The price was fine, especially given that they take the dog without charging us extra.  The clerk that helped us when we arrived was incredibly friendly and helpful.  All of the staff said hello and was friendly when I saw them in the halls.  Our room was very clean, air conditioner worked well - I'm sure this is a must in the summer here - and the bed was comfy.  I was disappointed when it was too cool to swim on the morning we left, but the outdoor pool looked nice.  The breakfast was good, average offerings with everything looking fresh.  Express check out was convenient.  The location just off the highway worked out really well for us, and we did drive downtown (not on the highway) which was convenient.  We will definitely look to La Quinta again when we travel, as long as they take dogs, of course.
4	This was my first stay in a LaQuinta since a very terrible experience in a LQ a couple years ago.  I didn't book it, so it was out of my hands.  But my experience at this hotel changed my view on the company...  maybe a little bit in the positive direction.Staff - Amazingly friendly, at ALL HOURS of the day.  3 am and have a question?  Like asking your Auntie for a favor.Rooms - Decent and updated.  WIRELESS!!!  Plenty of channels on the boob tube, lots of counter space in the bathroom, big desk to get work done.Price - incredibly reasonable.  We didn't use the free breakfast, but should have.  Beats the heck out of where we did go.Thanks Charlotte LQ - and I hope "El Corpo" appreciates your efforts.  Other LQ's could learn from you!
4	I have left well rested and satisfied. After all flights in the northeast got canceled due to snow storms it was a mad scramble to find a clean and decent room that wasn't some sketchy motel and with shuttle service to/from the airport. After calling around to all the Hilton's, Hyatt's, Sheraton's and Marriott's with no luck, I felt very lucky to have found the last room here but was a bit apprehensive as i had no idea what to expect having never stayed at a La Quinta.  What i found was exactly what i needed after all the airport chaos,  friendly staff, a clean and quiet room that was well lit, spacious, free wireless, late night food delivery options and most importantly a clean bed and shower.  They have the basics done right.
3	I really liked it here.The only reason for 3 stars and not 4 is that my husband has real problems with cigarette smoking.  When I say problems I mean adverse reaction.  I don't smoke but it's not an issue.Anyway, when we got up to our floor (third) there was a strong smell of cigarette smoke along the hallway.  Our room smelled really strongly too.  Once I opened the windows for a while it was ok.  We stayed two nights but although the hallways didn't really smell anymore every time we went out and came back I had to open the windows of our room because the smoke smell was so strong.I'm not sure about their ventilating system - I'm assuming it was the people next door smoking.Overall, I really liked it here and would stay again.  The rooms were clean and we had ample space.  We called before we arrived to get a roll out..away.. whatever you call it.  And it was there in the room waiting for us on our arrival.The staff were friendly and everything was cleaned.We had breakfast in the hotel which was pretty alright.  Bagels, bread and a toaster.  Cream cheese, butter etc.  They had cereal and a waffle maker and boiled eggs.  Tea, coffee, hot chocolate.  You get the gist - it did the trick.It's about a 15 minute drive to airport.  Charlotte is a pretty small city so if you are driving you'll be able to get around no problemoh and I mustn't forget FREE WI-FI (love that!)
3	The hotel was ok with pleasant staff.  Just stayed one night as we had an early flight.  Our room was average overall and was clean.  I would recommend the North location as it is closer to the airport if you are taking a flight.
5	I had booked a different hotel that let me down, and so I found myself at this La Quinta. It was a little before 2am, I had been stranded at the airport, and when I called La Quinta reservations, they told me this hotel had availability. When I get there, the front desk girl named Chelsea was a little flustered because it turns out that their entire computer system was down and she said that she wasn't able to check anyone in the system for the next half hour. However, she put her thinking cap on and then decided to manually checked me in to a room that she knew was open and got me set up within a few minutes, noting that she could check me in later electronically when her system was back up rather than making me lose another 1/2 hour of sleep. The room itself was clean and comfortable, and I was happy to have an uneventful night's sleep and a shower next morning after being stranded for so long at the airport. More hotels should have caring staff with common sense like Chelsea! 5 stars all the way.
3	It's a basic hotel. Staff is polite and considerate. Little things were a problem; three days to change a moldy shower curtain (not to mention the excessive mold upon the grout in the shower), cleaning staff insisted upon disconnecting our charging devices during the day, and the breakfast is a bowl of cereal and a pair of pre packaged hard boiled eggs. And stained bed sheets.
5	I arrived in Charlotte and didn't really feel welcome until I checked in to the hotel. The staff is super friendly and made us feel right at home quick.
1	C and I have stayed at many La Quinta hotels during our travels and in our experience they vary from excellent to poor. This hotel was perfectly acceptable, HOWEVER, they allow pets and that is not acceptable to us. (Not sure if all La Quintas allow them). A dog was barking loudly when we were trying to fall asleep, so we called the front desk. The clerk said that she would track down and speak with the owner of the dog. The dog calmed down and we fell asleep, only to be awakened by a call from the clerk (!). Grr. The clerk, a nice woman, apologized again and reported that the owner apparently left the dog in the room and went out. She said that she was unable to reach him. Fortunately, we didn't hear the dog again.This policy of allowing dogs is flawed. The next night we stayed at another La Quinta and spoke with the clerk first. She said that they (the people at the front desk) have no idea if someone has brought in a pet or not. If the people tell them, the try to located them on the lower two floors, but that's not a firm rule.La Quinta should have a firm policy on animals, requiring owners to register them and to disallow leaving unattended dogs in their room. Also, they should only allow dogs on one floor, so people can ask for a quiet room assignment. Meanwhile, we are now staying at Hampton inn hotels instead and always ask if they allow dogs. So far we have stayed at a 6 or 7 Hampton Inns across GA and FL and none accept animals.
1	Hotel and room were fine but I was very disappointed that they wouldn't let the shuttle take us to or pick us at the light rail station. The other hotels in the area had their shuttles running without trouble. Probably won't stay here again.
1	This was possibly the most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed in. The first night, the fire department was there removing an overly intoxicated person. The second night, the cops were there arresting a prostitute. There were bugs in my bed, my sink didn't drain, and the shower floor buckled like tissue paper when I walked on it. The electrical sockets went off when the lights went out,  and every single thing in the room and bathroom was the lowest possible quality. The breakfast buffet was nearly inedible. The pool was never unlocked and looked pretty filthy. Despite how cheap the rates were, I would recommend sleeping in your car before staying here.
4	My relative and I had a 13 hour layover with US AIRWAYS and wanted to sleep at a nearby hotel for a few hours. After reading the reviews about hotels near this airport I was very hesitant. But surprisingly the hotel was quite pleasant. We did a full inspection of the room because of the reviews I read. The room was great , clean , decent sized and extremely comfortable. The only thing I could say negative was the smell of hallways , it smelled like smoke. Other than that  The staff was very friendly and helpful , gave us food menus for a late dinner and was prompt on picking us up for the shuttle for our early flight. Overall a very pleasant stay and I would suggest you stay here if you need something near this airport.
4	You couldn't ask for a better location. And you just can't beat free parking in  Charlotte, NC  The hotel is a bit dated, and the rooms are a tad on the small size, but the interiors have been updated and are very clean. Temperature control is a bit lacking. We were there for 4 nights and had to ask the front desk to lower the temperature 3 times. They were always very nice about it. I assume it's an automated h vac system that could use some tweaking.
1	This hotel is plain nasty!! My brother had a room that was infested with fleas. Management sent him to another room and he still had the same problem. Do not stay here!!!!
3	We stayed here the night before my girlfriend's flight and didn't really know what to expect.  We were pleasantly surprised that it was a pretty good business hotel!  I'll list the good and bad separately.Good:  The sheets were clean, the room was clean, the water was hot, the amenities were good for the price point and the beds were fairly comfortable.  Wifi was easy to connect to and signal was strong.Bad:  We saw dozens of dogs in this hotel...I know people love their pets, but allowing pets in a hotel without proper fogging is just asking for flea problems, especially since most people let their pets on the bed.  Fortunately, we didn't have any problems with fleas. We DID have a problem with the night staff, though.  The clerk was nice enough, but the second lady (who did the cleaning, I suppose) has a SERIOUS attitude problem.  She was very rude to my Chinese girlfriend, who doesn't always pick up rapid English when it's not spoken directly to her.  We also heard this unpleasant woman tell our neighboring room that "YOU DO NOT TELL ME TO GET YOU ANYTHING.  YOU TELL THE FRONT DESK AND SHE TELLS ME TO GET THEM.  THAT IS HOW IT WORKS. "  All in a loud, echoing voice.  I suppose the breakfast was just OK.  Very light on meat and heavy on cheap carbs, but it was enough to get us out of the door in the morning.  We liked this hotel, but might avoid this particular La Quinta because of that lady.  After hours of driving, we want smiles and not rude barking from a staff member that rivals the dogs that bring fleas into the rooms....Also of note:  You can reserve a room with a card, but you must ALSO let them put a hold on your card for the full room amount until checkout.  You can pay cash at checkout.  This wasn't explained to us until we were at the counter.
