5	When I get sick, I kind of get happy. Not because that means my diet will most likely consist of soup and ice cream since those are my sick comfort foods but because of Carmel Family Physicians.I've been going here for the past 5yrs and could not be happier with the treatment I've gotten. From bronchitis to strep throat to sinus infections to upper respiratory infections to food poisoning--they've helped me with almost everything under the sun. They are located right near the CMC off 51 and 485 and have very convenient hours---I'm talking until 8P on weeknights plus Saturday and Sunday walk in hours. In the past I've been able to call in for an appointment the same day which is pretty much unheard of at any doctor's office I've been to. They have a number of doctors and physician assistants there Clint Price is awesome, so see him!Nice staff, recent magazines, in and out within 20 minutes. Yeah, I dig.
1	Dr. Hull is great but not great enough to overcome the poor treatment from the business office.  Don't ask for anything out of the ordinary like calling in a mail order script.  They are a well oiled machine and you are truly just a number there.
5	My doctor is Jessica Kaiser - she's one hell of a lady.  They have a new online system that you can make appointments and ask for refills with, which is very convenient.I think she's the greatest MD I've ever had :)
3	For about 5 years I received care from Carmel Family Physicians. They are good. But when I need to go a different practice which is close by to my house, for transferring my medical records they charged me $25. I know, someone has to take a copy of my records but, can't they do it for free? They collected a ton of money from my insurance company over 5 years, was that not enough? Doctors, please consider this. Giving a small break to the patients won't considerably reduce your bank balance.
3	I relocated from the DC area last year and needed to find a new doctor. I've made 3 visits to Carmel Family Physicians. I was referred here. Overall I haven't had any major issues or reasons to dislike it. The staff that works the desk (checking you in and checking you out) is terrific. I've had very good experiences with them as far as scheduling, medical records, overall friendliness, etc.. and all the while, they've been very friendly and welcoming. Beyond that I can't really say that my experience has been all that great.I want preface this by saying that, if you're the type of person that wants to go to your doctor, keep it short and sweet and straight to the point, then maybe this review isn't for you. but if you're like me and you want a doctor that you have a familial rapport with then maybe this review applies. Let's just say that I don't question the doctor (or nurses) ability to treat, diagnose or prescribe things to me. I feel that the doctor I've been seeing is more than capable of doing those things. but I also believe that with healthcare providers there should be a certain level of warmth and care that goes along with the medical proficiency. And based upon my visits, I haven't really felt that. I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, which is why i've gone there three times. And that's why in my book they get an OK rating and not a great one. But I'm sure that different people have different experiences there and I also am aware that a number of doctors and nurses work there, so take my review for what it is.
5	Love this place , friendly staff and techs . Dr. Olulade is da bomb! Nice to have a primary that actually cares about you and makes you feel comfy .
1	Run, don't walk, away from Carmel Family Physicians!I've been a patient of CFP for about 3 years.  I've never really been happy, but as I've been looking to leave the area, I hadn't pursued another doctor until now.  By far the biggest problem they have is their phone/support staff.I certainly don't expect CFP to diagnose me over the phone, but if I contact them for a follow up on an appointment I had, it's like pulling teeth to get a call back.  Calls typically take multiple business days to be returned - if they are at all.  This includes the time that I was in pain to the point I was spending 1/2 the day in bed.  Or the time I was traveling and forgot my prescription, and asked for a small quantity to be prescribed as I was 2000 miles away from the only bottle I had.  I've even called and spoken with management about not getting timely callbacks, but nothing has changed after months!Their patient referral service isn't any better.  I've been called and "told" by their staff when my referred appointment was - without any input from me on what fits my schedule.  I've tried asking them for the name of the doctor so I can make my own appointment, only to be told they don't have that and only the referral person does.  Or the time I was in pain making it impossible to leave bed, and the only doctor they could refer me to didn't have any appointments for 1.5 months - and they had no other suggestions on where to go.  The final straw was when I inquired about a preventive medicine for me.  The response I was given amounted to "I've heard of that, but I don't know enough about it to be comfortable prescribing it."  There was no willingness for the doctor to research and follow up to me.  He couldn't even recommend a specialist who was familiar with it - and this wasn't an experimental treatment - this was a relatively new, but manufacturer-recognized use of a 10+ year old medicine.I don't think I've ever felt that CFP was customer-focused.  Rather, when I go there, I feel like I am viewed as a "necessary evil" for them to collect their money.  Don't go here - you will regret it.
