5	I have been a client of Julie's (and Sean's) for nine years! She is the best and a very talented nail artist ! Their team of gals are wonderful and sweet. The place is SO clean!
5	This salon is absolutely amazing!  I have been a returning client for over 10 years.  The pedicures are amazing and relaxing. They always have great ideas for my nails to look unique.  I very highly recommend!!
5	Amazing color selection (great quality), super friendly ALL lady nail techs who really do an excellent job. This shop changed management a few months back and the new folks are AMAZING. It's the perfect blend of friendly, neighborhood nail salon, great prices and clean, modern equipment. You will NOT be disappointed!
5	I absolutely love this nail salon! The nail technicians do an awesome job and I have never had a bad experience. They also give you hot stone massages with a pedicure which is just so relaxing. I would recommend going here to anyone.
2	Nice salon but not quality work and the nail techs are RUDE DIVAS! I have been a client of Sean's for a while but the past couple times I have some to the place the random lady doing my nails has a terrible attitude. My last pedicure the lady kept telling me I need to get a better package and I politely replied no thank you, after the 3rd time I was irritated as I had made my choice and expressed it. Then she continues to say things like "to bad you didn't get the other pedicure you would get longer massage". How rude! Then I asked her if she could do a design (it was horizontal lines with a small heart) and showed her the picture at least 3 times. When she "finished" it was just lines, when I asked her about the heart her reply was "oh I'm done, you didn't tell me. Next time tell me that". So the picture wasn't showing her?! Since I have had some good experiences there I decided to give them another try. I went for a manicure, again the lady was so rude to me. When she was done I had pink all over my skin and it does NOT look professional. I will not be giving l this place yet another chance. RUDE RUDE RUDE!
5	Dare I say "as good as it gets?" Really, though. Clean, friendly, efficient, relaxing, even their song rotation is enjoyable! You don't feel rushed at all, the massage chairs are the bomb, color selection is on point. To top it off, as my cuticles were soaking in the delish cuticle oil my technician applied, she proceeded to give me a neck massage. I mean come on. Love this place! Glad it is close to my work so I can go often!
