5	WOW!! what a pleasant surprise.We went in day 15 of operation & went BACK day 16 & now going for lunch day 17!We've had the chicken, the lamb, the salads, the pita, the gyro, the rice everything was fresh & made to order. Everything was truly delicious & great value.  Even better than the most popular food cart in downtown Athens as recommended by Globe Trekker.  What a treat.The place is clean, the owner is attentive & they have either fountain drinks or by the bottle ....nice touch.The food is created from the recipes of the owners family & boy can you tast the love & care in this food.  Have to go because they are opening soon!
5	If you like amazingly fresh food & Z's Greek on 40th street & Indian School (they are related) you will love this new spot. I ordered a lg Greek salad with chicken and it was delicious! If I'm in the area again I'll because to visit!
5	OMFG, what a gyro sandwich this is, so freakin huge and tasty!!! Just past by and had to stop in to check it out and I am glad I did.
4	The chicken souvlaki is phenomenal. My husband and I both had the chicken souvlaki sandwiches and the marinade on the chicken was well done! The tzatiki on the sandwich was great as well. The french fries I was disappointed with that but overall highly impressed.
4	Let me sum things up in one sentence, and this is me talking.. I made one salad from Ninos two meals. I took half of it home.Ho...ly...gyro. I was craving some Med food badly yesterday, and, low and behold, I jumped on the Yelp app. I found Ninos after passing by several other joints. I didn't realize that this was at the same location as the failed burger joint from a few months back until I rolled up. But, after a brief hesitation, I figured, eff it. I'm super happy I did because it's reasonably-priced Mediterranean food with flavor and generous portions to boot! Seriously, a large Greek salad is enough for two people with big appetites. I've gone to so many places with "bleh" Greek salads that are generally just skimpy. Who wants to pay $10 for a shallow bed of iceberg, half a portion of gyro meat, and three piece of red onion? Not me, that's who! I got a mountain of salad, and I'll probably order the regular size from now on unless I want to take half home.So go. Show your support to the super chill staff, and help build this place's rep up a bit. I'm already looking forward to going back when I get my cravings. Great portions and solid flavor alone would have been enough, but the people there were great as well. Go.
3	First off, the chicken slouvaki and gyro meat were excellent.  My disappointment is a reflection of what is called a Greek salad.  Coming from the East ( I know hate me), and a large Greek community, I am use to a Greek salad the likes I have had everywhere except here.  All I wanted was a Greek salad.  I saw the new sign and was delighted then I saw the salad and I almost cried.  Some sort of Greek/Ranch dressing, some sort of cheese product.  I like my Greek salad with olive oil, vinegar (white), lemon and real feta, olives, real tomatoes, and option of anchovies.  Am I crazy?  Is my expectation unrealistic that a Greek salad would be universal?  I would gladly go back if they serve the real salad and not some I don't know what it is.  Please, please make the salad as good as the meat products then I can have a truly great dive dining experience.  PS: the salad we had was not the same salad featured in the posted photos.  Are the other reviews real?  Or is there special salad for special customers?
4	Enjoyed regular Greek salad for lunch today. Great food. Large portions. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Good prices. Friendly staff and clean. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Very nice people , really glad to have them in the area. Great lamb and chicken pitas! Not much else to say that hasn't been said, Ive only had the sandwiches but will have many more.
5	Nino's, you make me happy! I've been on a Greek kick and am very grateful this spot opened up in the location it did. I could eat the tzatziki all day! So refreshing and savory. And it's true what the other reviews said, the Greek salad will not disappoint, huge portion and delicious. I also have ordered the Falafel platter which was also a generous portion. Overall: fresh, filling, tasty- with good prices and friendly service. Try this place.
1	Never thrown away falafel, so this place was a new low for me. I had the falafel platter...there weren't many falafels (4) and they were terrible. Tasted more like hushpuppies.The side salad (Greek, I guess) was covered with a shredded cheese of some kind (maybe feta?) but there was way too much of it...cheese with a side of lettuce. Hardly any red onion or tomato on it.I really wanted to like this place--and perhaps it is good for meat eaters because of the supposedly giant proportions but we won't go back. It was the worst falafel I've ever tasted.
4	I've been in here a few times. The first time is when they first opened and didn't quite have all their drinks ready. So I walked out and went somewhere else.Fortunately, they have turned the corner and are serving delicious food. I usually order the Greek Salad with Chicken. $5.95 for the salad and an additional $2.19 for the chicken. The whole cost with a soda and tax is $10.33. Nino's Greek Cafe is more moderately priced than a lot of similar joints.They serve a huge salad. Which consists of iceberg lettuce, green peppers, tomatoes, olives, one big peppercini and of course feta cheese. They serve all of this with a fresh hot pita bread which is cut into four pieces and served in a sealed pouch. Their chicken is perfectly grilled and compliments the salad.They have a bunch of picnic tables for those of us who like to eat outside.
5	First of all... Ninos by far deserves these 5 stars! This place is the epitome of why I LOVE local, hole-in-the-wall restaurants. Before I get into the delicious food, their service is exceptional. From order to walking out, these business owners know how to treat their customers. A friend of mine was craving legit Greek food when I stumbled upon this Yelp profile and Ninos was conveniently down the street from us. This place is probably in a more remote area of the Biltmore area, along 16th Street. It is a charming house with a good amount of tables inside and some bench tables outside. Our party of 7 were the only patrons at the time, so were served in a timely manner and all our food came out in about 15 minutes which to me is great considering our party and number of orders. I believe our party ordered pretty much every single platter on the menu (gyro, lamb, chicken breast, falafel) and each platter comes with pita bread, salad, rice, AND fries with side of tzatziki sauce for less than $10 each. I had the pleasure of trying each platter (yes, I'm THAT person) and oh my goodness... SO SO GOOD! Every meat has great flavor and every element on the platter is delicious and fresh. Here's what sets Ninos apart: they made a mistake on my order of a gyro plate, or rather they did not hear it. Everyone else had got their food and when I asked if my gyro plate was coming, they quickly apologized and said it was coming up. I then looked at my receipt and realized they did not bill me for it. When I told them it wasn't paid for and not to bother because I had more than enough to share with my boyfriend and parents, they insisted on making my gyro plate at no cost. Of course I gave them a hefty tip - what I would have paid for the gyro plate. They deserved it! And that's not all. They ran out of rice for my platter and in consolation, gave us a hummus appetizer on the house! Needless to say, our entire experience was excellent. They were so generous and attentive - gave us so much more than what we asked for and expected in terms of side sauces, additional pita bread, and drinks. And most importantly, one of THE BEST Greek food joints in Phoenix. Hands down. I definitely will be a regular here. THANK YOU YELP and YELPERS for this successful find!
5	Very very good!  Nice to find a place that pride in what they do. The people are awesome! !! The food even better.  I will be back for sure!
5	I absolutely love this place! Great food, great service, and huge portions. I usually get the village salad with grilled chicken on top, the salad is not on the menu but you have the option of ordering it. The gyro platter is huge and big enough for two people to share. Wonderful little place that I will continue to visit as long as I can get my village salad.
2	I stopped in at Nino's today for the first time. I am moving around the corner from them in a couple of weeks, so I thought I would try the new "neighborhood" joint. I left unimpressed.  I ordered a gyro combo, with greek salad and drink.  The price was very reasonable, at $7.95.. I asked for both without tomatoes. When they brought the tray to my table a few minutes later, I immediately noticed tomatoes in the salad. The girl apologized and had them make me a new salad.  The gyro was on a "standard", grocery store quality 6 inch pita. The meat, while a generous portion, was the generic, processed gyro meat. There was a very small amount of tzatziki  sauce on it, so the gyro was dry.. The salad was again a nice portion, but the cheese sprinkled on top did not taste like feta.. Maybe just a very bland goat cheese. None of the flavor that a good feta provides. And my biggest complaint on the salad was the dressing. I have had many a Greek Salad in my day, and they always come with an oil and vinegar based dressing, with oregano, lemon juice, etc.. This salad had what tasted like Ranch as the dressing. I try to frequent small, mom and pop owned businesses when i can. But I won't pay my hard earned money for something that doesn't live up to my expectations.. If you want some good, inexpensive Greek food, try Greka Pita at Camelback Colonade instead..
5	The keys to great Greek food. And Nino's got them all!1. Real romaine lettuce.2. Tons of meat.3. Awesome (yet subtle) Greek music.It's a given that it's all fresh, the location is quaint and comfortable. Service is genuine and fast, and did I mention the food is fantastic?! Prices are great too, just wish I lived a little closer... The chicken pita sandwich was fire grilled to perfection, with lovely a spiced flavor.The gyro was crisp and succulent. I love that there was so much meat in both of them that the toppings gush out!
5	The service was friendly and fast. I was in a hurry and ordered my food Togo. I was able to order and head out within 10 minutes. I ordered the Gyro Combo, which was amazing. Tons of meat and fresh veggies. I think I just found my new regular lunch spot. I can see them becoming like Chicago Hamburger Company at lunch with lines out the door and many happy faces.
2	Let me start off by saying the food was really pretty good.  I love gyro's and theirs were tasty.  The downside was the service was really slow.  The first time I went I thought maybe it was because they just opened and needed to get their service groove on.  the second time I went again it took about 30 minutes to get my take out order.  It was later in the day and no other customers were ahead of me.  I feel like that location is just cursed to not be successful.  It has been 3 or 4 different places in the last few years.  It is a shame that it takes so long to get your food from them because the location is close to my apartment and I love me some Greek food.  If the owner or employees reply and let me know they have improved their speed I would give them another chance.  Otherwise I will keep looking for good Greek food in Phoenix.
3	I've been in twice and wasn't really wowed by the food. The spanikopita was deep fried so it was oily and doughy. Their salad dressing is different...a tzaziki maybe? Not bad but would have preferred a vinaigrette. Hummus was ok...a little bland.
1	Is this place still open? This the 3rd time in the last week that it's not open at this time?
5	Was in the mood for a gyro and decided to check this place out. I was impressed. My gyro was delicious and freshly made.  I will be coming back for sure!
