2	Rolled by Starbucks at 8:30am for breakfast, which was a tall steamed non-fat milk and an apple bran muffin.  I guess it was decent enough to rate a 3, but I have to subtract 1 star for the lack of organic milk.
3	This Starbucks has saved me for many countless Mondays, Thursdays ...or whenever I need a a kick in the pants so I can function properly at work. My usual is a tall Skinny Caramel Frappachino but it still has to come with the caramel and the whipped cream. I know ..I know it's self defeating but I need it. If I'm feeling extra rich I will get their Turkey Bacon Sandwich. It is a whole wheat English muffin, egg whites, turkey bacon and cheese. It's really good and it fills me up sometimes past lunch. That's not saying much since my lunch at work starts three hours after I get there. If I ever miss my morning coffee I will never attempt to go back to Starbucks around 9am. because it's like their rush hour. A co worker and I got stuck in the drive through line for our whole lunch break (30min) .When they finally got to us we had to leave back to work empty handed. The lesson here is when in doubt go inside especially if you are on a time schedule. It's better then being stuck in the drive through while your boss is wondering where you are at. That is my only gripe about this place overall they are really cheerful at 6am in the morning and have great customer service!
3	I am not a big coffee gut, but time to time I'll stop in for a pastry and an Izzie drink.It's a short review, but I'm not a coffee guy so I don't really have anything to say, it's a starbucks
5	love this Starbucks! It is my go to when I need a cuppa joe when on my way to work. Close to work... bonus!Drive thru... bonus bonus!!! But what is priceless.. and keeps me coming back... The Staff!Always friendly... and gotta say it is almost like cheers when you pull through the drive-thru and they say "Heya Sharr" (secretly loves this) They also got on board with my Make a Difference Monday! I drive through Monday morning and buy the car's order who is behind me. They get super excited and tell me each week just how many cars bought for the other car behind them ... Makes this location.. my favorite... and must visit . Even after I discover a way to I.V my caffeine in.
5	This Starbuck's is friendly and fast. Everything is always made perfect and consistent. They know what they are doing here and are happy. You can tell when the staff are happy where they work.
5	I don't normally review chains like Starbucks, but after today, I figured I needed to do so. Service is always fast and friendly. My drinks are always perfect. Today I overheard a manager telling the employees about how they keep everything clean and disinfected. So... Fast, friendly, and really really clean? My kind of place.
4	After having my car serviced at Findlay Chevrolet or travelling from the vicinity of Rainbow at the 215, this is a Starbucks that I'll spend time in. Especially during rush hour.   In comparison to it's sister Starbucks, a mile southwest at Rainbow and Warm Springs, the environment is laid back. Regardless, it sits south of the 215 exit at Jones Boulevard, the surrounding area is not too congested. So access to and from the parking lot is not stressful. The parking lot, which is in back of the building is plentiful in spaces. This Starbucks also includes a drive thru.   The cafe is on the roomy side. The drawback is the tables are kind of small. Kind of annoying when I share my table with a notebook, diary, coffee, and glasses.    Being Christmas season, I go for the drip coffee with pumpkin spices. The egg nog beverages are likewise delicious.    I will be making my way to many more Starbucks (and McDonalds, walmarts, cafes, restaurants, etc.).
5	I Know Starbucks is a corporate machine but I like their chai tea mix and I think they use the brand Oregon chai. Forget the coffee, it's way too strong and gets me strung out like I took a no doz caffeine pill. More about the tea, I order a venti no water soy chai. It's rich and filling because the soy is protein, so it's healthy right! ;P
2	The barista charged my coffee on the credit card AND the Starbucks card when I gave him the credit card to transfer some funds onto my Starbucks card. Big no no my friend ....
5	I love this Starbucks! The staff are down to Earth people and actually connect with their customers! Even though it's a busy place and sometimes hard to find a spot to plug in your laptop, the customer service and drink recommendations are worth it :]
5	They have a video drive thru order screen so that you can see the order taker and they can see you! I think it's weird but I like that they are embracing technology with a human element. Service is always consistently friendly and drinks are made right. What else can you ask for in the morning. Thanks much for my venti no water chai tea latte!
3	Awesome customer service. Love the vibe in here. The guy at the register and the gal in the back are hella cool. Even the guy in taking the orders via drive thru is really cool. Its a small spot, but if you don't mind that its a nice spot for a meeting or hanging out.
2	I feel like reviews for large chains like Starbucks can help people differentiate between the good and the bad.I have noticed that this place in particular is pretty inconsistent with the drinks and service. There have been multiple times where I've received the wrong drink. 99% of the time I am going through the drive through, so by the time I realize the mistake, I am so far gone that I can't go back to correct it.On the upside, the people here are friendly. I do not recall every encountering a grumpy or rude person here.
5	For some reason it's always a great Starbucks that gets me on a Yelping roll after a couple months hiatus. I am always impressed when a specific store of a large chain provides excellent customer service and this particular Starbucks has renewed my faith in Las Vegas Starbucks as a whole! All the employees have been super friendly and efficient and the drinks at this location just taste better and stronger. I'm glad that I have something to look forward to in the mornings before work again! Thanks!
3	Good meeting spot for having coffee and networking with the people who work tirelessly to bring more additional business to the valley of a non-gaming nature. As Starbucks go this is an average size place but it brings together an interesting mix of tech people both from a programming as well as a physical infrastructure disciple. There are the people from the Bikram yoga studio, to the immigration folks, to the professionals that maintain the business park and let's not forget the business development professionals. Eclectic crowd where you will over hear very interesting and diverse conversations. I truly enjoy meeting my business friend here for coffee.
4	The Starbucks on Rainbow and 215 use to be my go-to Starbucks before work.  I have switched over to this one because I found out this is on Jones and 215 which is closer to work.  I love meeting people here about half an hour to an hour earlier before work and just chill... This location is in a business/office plaza so it is quite busy during the weekdays; however, the weekends are not as crowded so I love it.  Sometimes it is quiet and cozy.  The area itself looks very clean and neat so that is a plus factor for me also.  Compared to Rainbow and 215 location, this location is definitely more isolated.  I love that.Service-wise, I feel like it is a bit slow.  I always order Grande Iced Americano and it takes a little longer than most other Starbucks I go to.  I have only been here may be 10 times at most... But I guess I was there during busy hours?? I'm not sure.  Most staff are friendly... some seem cranky sometimes, but I don't mind very much.  I've had mostly neutral experiences so far so I'm not complaining. I will go here regardless because of its location.So I would definitely recommend people to go to this location if you are nearby.
2	I come to this location pretty much everyday~ staff is always friendly but the drink I order "venti iced stirred caramel macchiato" they repeat my order and yet again today I was handed "not stirred" and each day the wait at drive thru is getting longer and longer
2	Slowest Starbucks ever! Was in the drive thru for over 20 mins... They can't hear you on the speaker so you have to scream
5	Between this one and the one on Rainbow and Warm Springs, this location is my favorite for when I'm heading to school or work. The drive-thru line tends to get long, but the service is much faster than the Rainbow location. Also, I feel like they have a magical green tea latte wizard at this location. This is the ONLY location that mixes my green tea lattes perfectly- they don't leave me with chunks of green tea that I accidentally choke on.
3	The drive thru can be lengthy at times but they are 98% accurate and always friendly!!!
4	Extremely fast service even when there was a line in the morning. My drink was done within a minute after I was done paying at the register! I was impressed because other locations usually aren't this fast. Drinks are the same as any other Starbucks...overpriced but packed with delicious caffiene goodness
3	Dropped by for my venti hazelnut frap but pretty busy. The wait a little too long for my liking especially with a drive thru. It is about 130pm don't think it should take this long at this hour, staff friendly, first time here, I'll give them another chance another day.
5	a perfectly perfect starbucks.  :)this starbucks is on my way to the office.  easy access from the freeway, and super fast service.morning rushes for AM coffee create a wrap around in the drive through, but the staff is aware and works quickly.  Even if cars are coming out the end of the drive through, it takes about a minute a care.  Yes, i've timed it.my toffee nut americano with non-fat milk is consistent in flavor and i always get a stopper in my drink.  thanks starbucks for being sensitive to my AM time restraints...and for making me yummy drinks visit after visit!
4	Bring a jacket if you intend on studying here. This place is an icebox even during the summer.
2	Not really my most favorite Starbucks location. I have had waaaay better customer service at the one at Rainbow and Warm Springs.The times I have gone there, it was via drive-thru. It was my dad and I ordering our drinks and for some reason, the barista just could not hear us! There were no cars behind or in front of us at one time and our radio was on the lowest level (we always turn down the volume whenever we go through a drive-thru). I had to tell the barista my order five times (caramel frappuccino with vanilla bean powder that she kept mistaking for a vanilla bean frap or just a plain caramel frap). She was confused with my order and she just wasn't listening! Either they need to get a new system or listen more carefully.Another time I have gone, I didn't want to go through the mess of a drive-thru so I went inside. The vibe is nice and the baristas looked happy to be working and were chatting amongst themselves before I ordered. HOWEVER, when I ordered, the mood suddenly changed and the lady that took my order gave off this feeling that she didn't want to be bothered with my order. What's worse is that when I got my drink, it was all watered down but because I didn't want to be there any longer, I went about my business and left. NEVER GOING BACK.
3	Not a lot of outlets for charging your connectivity devices. Quick service, very clean. It is very busy and full all the time.
5	Absolutely love this location. Always friendly and always gets my orders right. Better than the SB on Rainbow and Warm Springs bar far. Drive thru is always packed when I go in the morning before class, but it's totally worth it because the baristas are always positive and preform excellent customer service.
4	Free wi-fi, lots of empty chairs, close to the freeway, yummy drinks, what more could you ask for? I like that this Starbucks is quieter than most. It's not that there's less people inside, maybe it's the way the store is designed..Thanks for your consistent service :)
5	Friendly service and the coffee is always great! There drive-thru line gets pretty long but so does every other Starbucks I have been too. Great location right next to the freeway.
2	Why is everyone mad in here ???? The young lady at the cash register Lori had a major attitude and she charged me double .. when i went back to let her know she did a mistake in my receipt,  she was trying to tell me I ordered double then she told me that the other guy Miles would help me and honestly,  the look she gave me made me so uncomfortable. Miles was ok, not friendly but not mean, just professional. I would never come back to this location. .. very disappointedOnly 2 starts for the barista for doing a good job on the drink quality
4	Solid location, drive thru is lengthy at times but no accuracy issues.
