4	Ralph and Ronya are the personable proprietors of this small restaurant/deli  tucked in the basement of 2600 Tower, 2600 North Central Ave, Central Phoenix.  The Central  offers breakfast; burritos, bagels, breakfast sandwiches, breakfast plates, fruit and yogurt in take-out boxes.  I nearly forgot my morning weakness,  fresh coffee, regular and unleaded. French roast, breakfast blend, or a seasonal special.     The lunch menu has a variety of hot and cold sandwiches, from chicken to veggie, plus salads, and soup.  The lunch special gets you a generous sandwich, cold or toasted, a 20 ounce drink and a side of potato or macaroni salad or chips.  My favorite, the chicken salad, bursts with lettuce and a large chicken salad serving keeps me full all day.   Baked goods rotate day by day in the show case; cinnamon rolls, brownies, carrot cake, apple pie, cream cheese or berry danish, etc.  The bottom shelf of the case is reserved for boxes of chocolates or other sweets, appropriate for office sharing, a last second gift,  or somebody's chocolate tooth.  There are a variety of candy, cookie and chip snacks, a refrgerator case of   juices, soda, water, fruit, yogurt and other goodies.  There's a drink bar with ice tea and full range of fountain sodas.Service is friendly and fast.  There's places to sit and eat, sit and visit, sit and wait for your meal, or sit and watch either of the flat panels when you've got some time.  Try it.  You may visit again and again like I do.
1	Honestly, the food is pretty good and the little "cafe" is clean, but I still couldn't manage to give it more than one star.Why? Because I just can't stand  the lady who owns and runs it (and cooks your way-too-overpriced food). She's rude. I work in the building and have eaten there on many desperate occasions. The food is pricey (go to Schlotzky's across the street for better value). And it's really not that good. It tastes ok... nothing special at all though.She's ALWAYS out of something I want, literally every single time I'm there (no potato salad, no bacon, no ham, no tomatoes). What sort of fresh breakfast/lunch place is out of tomatoes at 9 AM? I like ham on my breakfast burrito (comes with three choices: bacon, ham, or sausage). At 8 AM, how does one run out of both bacon and ham (the sausage is kind of odd, I can't eat it) on a regular basis?Despite me eating there for the past year on a somewhat consistent basis, paying cash every time, she still has to count EVERY last penny before she will even let me put my zingers in a bag.Scenario: I see zingers I want, ask how much they are ($1), tell her I'm setting the money right here by the register, and since she's cooking, put 4 quarters neatly stacked right near the register (as she watches me and my 4 quarters like a hawk). Then, she finishes my burrito, puts it in a bag, and I go to put the zingers in the bag as well. BAD IDEA! No! Must go count all 4 quarters before they can even enter that bag to sit alongside the tiny $4 burrito I have already paid for! She honestly acts paranoid that people are trying to steal from her or jip her, even with her regular customers. It's no wonder the place is always empty. If you go, and see more than two other people in there at lunch time, consider it a miracle.And, it's not just me. I'm always polite, say please and thank you, smile. Never let on that I can't stand this woman at all. Everyone on my floor has the exact same thing to say and will only eat down there when they are really desperate and in a time crunch. Most of the people here would rather run across the street to Burger King (and most of the people around me make enough money to consider Burger King beneath them, so that actually says a lot.) Even more go to the 2700 Tower's little store (read below)... they are always busy (but you can still get in and out fast).This past visit to Central Cafe, there was a small bowl of little chocolates sitting by the register, half empty. She hasn't had those before, and there was no sign on them to indicate any sort of price. My friend, assuming they were free, took a single one and ate it, to then be informed to cough up a quarter! My friend said "oh, there's no sign. Everybody has these out for everyone." No... that did not fly. The lady had to have her quarter. I gave her two dimes and 5 pennies. And she counted every single last penny, slowly (we would not want to miss a penny, would we?)She will probably know who I am after writing this review, but at this point, I really don't care. I have no intention of ever eating there again. I've decided I won't be that desperate again. I've come to the conclusion I'd rather not eat first.If you want something super quick nearby, try the 2700 tower's little shop (right by the smoking area, next to the entrance to their parking garage), the next building north of our 2600/Central Cafe Tower. The Asians who run it are always very pleasant, also cook basics (think burger, hot dog, burrito, fresh sandwiches wrapped up, etc), and their prices are really reasonable for on-the-go food. They are more of a mini-Circle-K with a small corner where they make food (more diverse options than Central Cafe), all fresh and all pretty cheap for a downtown Phoenix office building shop. And they don't elaborately count every cent, stare at customers, and treat every patron with suspicion... in fact, they're liberal with the Leave-a-Penny-Take-a-Penny jar. More cramped store, but a much better place to grab something quick and not feel like a thief just for coming in!
4	SW Chicken Wrap - Two thumbs up.  Navy bean soup - worth getting underway.
5	Yesterday I forgot my lunch and I decided to go to the Central Cafe for lunch.  I'm so glad I did.  The special was Shredded Beef Tacos.  They were by far the best tacos I have had in a really long time. :)  Thanks Central Cafe for the best tacos.
5	go there every other day, I love the food, not too expensive, and the ladies are awesome. always a smile on their faces. taste and attitude is what I rank this at. sucks that they close around 2:30 though. and a nice place to chill, they have tv and wifi. rather take them than most the places on Central, bunch of snobby people working in the business' on central so it's nice to find a spot that is inviting.
5	This cafe has much more than you would think. Artisan sandwiches. Yummy fries. Friendly owner. The place is immaculately clean and decorated so tastefully. I had the pesto chicken and fries. Very hearty. Great prices, too.
5	What a great place to eat!  Super specials and catering that looks like it is being served to the Royal family.  Christmas catering from Central Cafe is outstanding!!!
