1	Just to give you a little background...first I am a realtor and have access to many clients who are most likely repeat clients. This being said it is important to me and my business to make partnerships with general contractors, inspectors, electricians, lenders and the like...this also gives them a chance to get business referrs to them as well. So I have a client that just purchased a home and during the inspections phase there were a couple items that came up that needed to be addresses and it was decided after getting a bid for repairs by GAD Contracting my clients were going to do the repairs after they closed. They closed on the home and asked me to go ahead and get them to do the repairs...so after a couple emails and calls to the owner Mike...I finally received a call back from a guy named Hector stating he was at the house and wanted to know what repairs he was supposed to make...so this sounds wired because the bid for repairs spells out exactly what is supposed to be done...at any rate I said I needed to be there on the request ofy clients so he agrees to meet me at the property in the morning but he had to get the supplies first and then he would call me...1030 rolls around and no call so I call him and he states he is getting his radio in his truck fixed and would call me when he got done...so around 2:30 I call him back and he states oh sorry he is at another job but would be done soon and he will give me a call so I ask him what time does he think he would be done and he states he is almost done so maybe 30 min...so I ask him so like 30 min to an hour and he would be here and he said yes... So about 2 hours later he finally calls to let me know he is on the way but there is a lot of traffic and he would be here as soon as he can...Don't waste my time or my clients time like this...I called the owner Mike and it goes right to voicemail...my office administrator sent him multiple emails regarding this stating to contact me directly and in his last email he stated he was calling me right then...no calls or emails from Mike the owner...I guess they have enough business that they don't need mine or any of my future clients...Will update if and when the repairs are made.
5	Called for a roof repair estimate and trusted the company to do the repairs. The job came in within budget but also on time. I had Mark do all the work and he was fantastic from finishing the job to stellar results to fantastic follow up on his work. I would highly recommend this company for your roof repair needs!!
5	Had a bad roof leak in Tucson and Gad was able to have a local rep here come and take care of the immediate leak, they came the next day from phoenix and worked with my insurance to take help me get back up and running... What a great company. Thank you guys...Bobby
1	This is a very shady operation. I hired GAD last summer to put addition on my patio. They have been back over 10 times and the job is still not done and now they will not come back to fix it. Mike will give you the runaround as if he has nothing to do with it. Mark couldn't build a square box let alone a roof. Stay away from these con artists.
