3	It a McDonalds..... how much can i say?!  Anyways, its a newly updated location that is very clean and modern looking unlike the older McDonalds that are out there. The drive-thru has 2 lanes, so there is never a large wait and the service is friendly!
4	Out on errands today, I stopped into this McDonald's just for a snack.  The service was fast & friendly, the dining room clean, comfortable and very nicely decorated.  I loved my treat too...  just a delicious, large size soft ice cream cone for $1.19."So if it was so great, where's the 5th Star?" you ask.  WELL, I'm glad you asked that!     :-)They had air blowers only in the bathroom, no paper towels, and an exit door that opens IN.  That leaves you trying to get toilet paper or maybe an ass gasket to get out of there with your hands still clean unless you luck out & someone else opens the door just at the right time, which happened for me.  In any case, this is NOT OK!  What good does it do for them to tell employees to wash their hands & wear gloves if they're going to ignore this important health issue?  Minus one Star.     :-)
1	I went to this location, late night around 3am, and left the drive thru window around  3:30am. The clerk was chit chatting with his friends/family member for almost 30 mins. Cars were lined up, and waiting. Late night service was an absolute disaster.
1	This location literally is down the street from me and I used to frequent it all the time when I still believed I could inject/inhale pure fat + NOT work out and never gain any weight.  Needless to say, I haven't been to this location for the longest time until a few weeks ago to pick up some for my brother.  It hasn't changed.  Same old disrespectful, careless tards working the drive thru.  When I pull up to the window to get my food, the person handing me my food just stares at me.  Not a "hello", not a "thank you", not a "have a nice day" ......I'm not expecting you to CARE but part of the etiquette of working in food service is to not look like your best friend just died and least say hello to the customer.  One time I asked for a large Dr. pepper and I was handed a small one.  So I told the girl working the window that she gave me the wrong size, in which she proceeded to snatch the drink from me without  an apology or any type of acknowledgement and then yelled very loudly and nastily at someone (while the drive thru window was open) "YOU DIDN'T TELL ME SHE WANTED A LARGE?"  Then pops back out the window and asks me "You wanted a large drink?"   YES MOTHAFUCKA.  That's what I just told you!  Ugh wthhhh.  I wouldn't be surprised if she spat in my drink.  My most recent trip?  I know I'm Asian but I'm told all the time and know for a fact that I have ZERO asian accent  - SO please tell me why when I placed my order, the person inside acted like I barked out the equation for a hyperbole?They have hoodrats working in this joint.  These people should quit and sell drugs instead.
1	Yep I work in the ghetto...although this shopping center and the surrounding area is new it's still the ghetto... This place has to be the slowest "fast food" place ever!! Ordered the breakfast with hot cakes...the hot cakes were rubbery and of course they forgot to put the condiments in the bag... Well you know what they say..the screw you in the drive through... This place sucks and a shame there aren't any others down the street to go to.
3	Its McDonalds!   Not that fast here so go in side cause the drive thru is a mess.
1	I went through the drive thru to buy my daughter and I some lunch. She had gotten a kid happy meal with apple juice and I had gotten a snack rap with a drink. The cashier who took my payment was friendly and fun and took my payment quickly. Now the woman at the second window where I got my food. Talk about not friendly and kinda rude. She didn't say one word to me not even hi. She handed me my food and then immediately shut the window. Now I know they are busy but still where is the hospitality? She even forgot my daughters apple juice and I had to waive down the lady to get her juice. If I have to go to this mcdonalds again im definately going inside and avoiding the drie thru staff by all means!
2	Made some mistakes on my order and they weren't busy at all. I'd probably go somewhere else.
1	Just went to this location with my husband and got a mcwrap... Kind of. The food was barley put together in a way to make it possible to eat. The container holding the wrap had most of the ingredients at the bottom of it. So almost nothing was left inside of the tortilla. It was almost as if they took the chicken one cucumber and some lettuce in the wrap and threw everything else at the bottom of the box because they forgot to add it. I know it's McDonald's and I shouldn't expect much from them, but at least be able to make your wraps as actual wraps and not salads in a box
