4	I rarely venture into Princes Mall but one rainy day not so long ago I was waiting for a delayed train and was feeling more than just a little peckish. I wandered around Princes Mall to get out off the rain and to see if I could find somewhere to satisfy my hunger... it was then that I found Spud U Like, a tasty baked potato with a huge choice of filling; perfect!I opted for beans and cheese and my spud hit the spot perfectly, I devoured it in record time and if I'm honest I could probably have eaten another one but it was time to go get my train. They seem a pretty health conscious bunch and there's a chart to tell you how many calories is contained within your tattie but it wasn't really top of my list of priorities when my stomach was rumbling with hunger.You can't beat a baked potato and the tatties here are delish!
3	I'm partial to a tater here and there, so was quite happy to put up with the horrendous surroundings of Prince's Mall in order to stuff my face with one. It was the option of chilli con carne that did it, a menu choice peculiarly unavailable at Tempting Tattie a few minutes up the road.When they piled on the cheese, then the chilli, I was quite literally foaming tthe mouth with anticipation, and o the disappointment that followed was all the more heartbreaking. The chilli was lukewarm, meaning it didn't melt the cheese, and both ingredients just tasted a little bit off. Not horrendous enough for me to fail to polish off every last morsel, but a letdown nonetheless.It was a little bit expensive too, but I did enjoy my side order of garlic bread. Passable, but on this occasion not worth the misery of Prince's Mall.Somewhat embarrassingly, it was only in a review the other night that I stated my enthusiasm for giving Spud U Like a try. There's really no better feeling in the world than getting your comeuppance.
2	There are a lot of really good baked potato places throughout Edinburgh. Unfortunatly, Spud-U-Like isnt one of them.Aside from having a name that grates on me so much it hurts, its also located in the ghastly Princes Mall food court - which, while I dont mind in a broad sense, I would rather not spend a huge amount of time in. The food itself is ab it below par - its not the best quality, and not the best tastin, nor the warmest food you'll ever eat (yuck! cold beans on my jacket potato!) - but it is on the cheaper side.However, when you take into account the best baked potato shop in the entire city is a five minute walk away at the top of Cockburn street, even that last positive point pales into insignificance.
4	Was waiting for a bus after getting off the train and with time to spare went into Princess Mall.  (Why do Brits have to give everything royal names?!)  I hadn't been to a Spud U Like in many years so when I saw the one in the food court there, I had to re-live the old days of hanging out in Exeter and having a spud with tons of a topping on it.There were the two of us and I was boring and had the sour cream and chives, while Sylvia had baked beans.  I thought it strange that a Slovak would order baked beans, or even know what baked beans were.  (Do they really bake them?)  I actually got Meal A, which was the topped up tater and a drink.  Well, the drink was a soda but I wanted a coffee, so had to pay 40 pence more.  Both spuds were delicious!  The service was fast and the young man working there was also very nice, pleasant, chatty.  It was a fine distraction before the bus to the airport.
