5	Well I finally broke my iPhone LCD screen, called friendly wireless was given a quote by phone and was told the repair would take about an hour. Quote was honored and the repair was done in about 30 minutes! My phone looked as good as new if not better? Tyler was cool and explained everything clearly too me. Too bad the red conversion I was going to get ended up having a crack, which he showed my and apologized for not having noticed earlier. No big deal phone got fixed fast and at a great price. Thanks guys
5	Awesome customer service!! Wow loved the quick service in the nw too
5	Worked with Tyler and Steve. Awesome, polite, and professional service. Traded in my Galaxy SIII for a MINT condition iPhone 5 and was on my way in 5 mins. Military friendly company as well. I'll be coming back again to get a 5 for my wife.
5	Tyler at Friendly Wireless did an outstanding job with my iPhone 5 repair!  I'd previously cracked the screen and taken it to another place for repair and I was really unhappy with the results.  There were bubbles in the screen, they removed the mesh over the speaker and didn't replace it and the phone had taken on a purplish hue.  I asked Tyler if this would happen again and he said no, and explained why. He had diagrams to explain exactly what he was going to do and how this experience would be different. He said other places simply replace the glass, which doesn't work on iPhones and he showed me all the components he would use.  When I got the phone back it looked amazing! I had forgotten how vivid the colors are supposed to be, and the work was absolutely flawless.  I feel like a have a new phone and I couldn't have been more pleased with the customer service.  All this for a reasonable price comparable to the other places in town.  I highly recommend this place!  They also have some really nice quality cases for a great price.
5	Where do I start... This place is awesome! Came in with a iPhone 4 that had cracked front and back screens. Spoke to Tyler and he quoted me $79 dollars to replace both of them and he said it would take roughly an hour to complete. When I dropped off the phone I mentioned that I saw there promotion through yelp which gave you an additional $10 if I checked in. So total repair cost was $69! Great deal! He said no problem and took my information and told me he'd call as soon as it was repaired. No joke, got a call about 15 mins later that it was good to go! Phone is like new! This place has it all! Price/customer service/trustworthy. Forget about the other guys that will scam you, get your phone repaired here.
5	Dropped my iphone 5 cruisin' the galaxy, shattered the glass. Dropped it off with Tyler, had it back looking new in 45 minutes! I little hard to find the place but if the services are needed again, I'll be stopping here. You should too:) woof
5	Exceptional service. Repaired my iPhone 5s screen in 35 minutes. Service repair tech even noticed missing screws from a previous repair job done at a shop in LA. Highly recommend, great service!
5	This company is amazing. My 5c screen was beyond shattered. He told me it would take about an hour. I left my phone and went to get gas. Came back, sat in my car for 10 minutes and he came out telling me my phone was ready. My phone is perfect, in less that 30 minutes!! I highly recommend Tyler at Friendly Wireless... Be sure to check in to get $10 off!
