4	I go here on Saturday nights for salsa, merengue, bachata and cumbia dancing. It is connected to Club Downtown which has two other floors that play latin pop/rock/hip hop and reggaeton. The cover is $10. They are open til at least 3 am (and the other floors stay open even later I think) so that is an advantage over the clubs that close at 2pm. To get to the Palazzo floor, you go in through Club Downtown's main entrance and then go out on the front patio and then back in to Palazzo's dance floor. Ask if you get lost and the security or bartenders will point you there. I like the size of the floor, which is tile. It is not as hot and crowded as other salsa places like Pepins on Saturday. Drinks vary from great to weak (mainly the mixed drinks) depending on the bartender, they do have specials sometimes. As a long time salsa dancer who goes with friends (male and female) but no set partner for the night, it can be hard to find a good salsa dancer here if  you don't already know one. So salseros/salsaholics if you will be going without a partner you might want to try to find at least one good dancer to go with you so you will have fun.  Or if you look on www.azsalsa.net or www.meetup.com (check for Scottsdale or Phoenix salsa groups) there are plenty of socials and lessons where you can meet others if you are new and want to meet other dancers or go out with a group. The music is good but since I go a lot,  I start to hear the same songs over and over. I think they should bring in different djs, rotate them or make sure the music gets mixed up to keep people coming back.  Also note there is a strict dress code - it is posted outside. I know several guys who had to go back home to change cause they couldn't get in. I don't remember all the specifics but I believe some things to note are no hats/sunglasses, tennis shoes, tee shirts, baggy pants, bandanas, etc. I'd say collared shirt (tucked in), nice slacks/pants and shoes and you'd be okay. They do have metal detectors going in. However, I have rarely seen any fights and I feel safe here. Lots of security and bouncers. www.clubdwntwn.com
4	I have been to this club about 8 or 9 times, always on fridays for Transylvania.  The scene is goth and punk, although you won't feel too out of place if you don't fall into either of these categories (I don't).  Think "The Matrix" meets "Blade."The house DJ here is usually pretty amazing...spinning music like VNV, Wolsheim, and some harder stuff like KMFDM.  The sound system is hot, and the music selections combined with the pulsating, dancing crowd (in more black leather than you've probably seen for awhile in one place) make for a pretty hot environment.The vibe isn't always on, as once or twice I've been here fairly disappointed with a predominently poser crowd.  If you happen to get here on an off night, just relax on the stunning back patio with a few drinks and create your own scene.But that being said, the club itself is gorgeous, and you're in for a surprise at midnight.  So get here no later than 11 and have a few drinks before the club kicks it up a notch.
3	I've only ever been here for Transylvania which is their Friday night Gothic Industrial night.  It's acceptable.  I have high standards.  Sometimes the music is really good.  Sometimes it sucks.  They have 2 DJs and I can always tell when the switch from the one whose tastes I enjoy to the one whose tastes I don't.  If you're looking for Death Bunnis, Razor Grrls, Baby Bats or *sigh* Suicide Girls, you'll find a few of them here.  There are a lot of regulars and I usually have a good time, unless of course I don't.  The people there have all been fairly nice.The drinks are nothing special.  They aren't terrible, they just aren't terribly consistent.  If you need to get wasted, get some shots poured. At least that way you know what you're getting.So when you need to strap on your boots, wear your eyeliner, and shake your ass, give it a shot.
3	Tranz, oh Tranz, why are you the only decent goth/industrial club in Phoenix?Club Tranzylvania, or Tranz as the club goers call it, will charge you $7 to get in on Friday nights and then what seems like $7 a drink at the bar. I wish they would drop the cover charge down or at least offer some drink specials! The bar has its own set of problems: I just hate spending $40 on drinks and not even getting a buzz out of it. It's hard enough to tell the bartender what you want over the music, but it's even harder when everything you ask for they don't have (or maybe they think they don't have it because they can't hear me?) Mind you I'm not picky or difficult, I just expect the bartender to know how to make the drink I want or at least stock  2 of the 3 beers I'm asking for.Solution for the Yelper: If you can, drink before you go.Seating: Maybe, just maybe, invest in another velvetine sectional or two. Club Pallazzo certainly charges enough for cover to afford a new couch. I like to rest my pretty feet after I'm done dancing and people watch, and maybe I don't feel like going on the patio.The Ambiance: The inside is gorgeous. It's definitly the atmosphere that brings all the boot-stomping night owls out en masse. The frescoes on the walls and ceiling sport scantily clad vampiresses looking for a bite, and the velvet curtains that hang from the ceiling to the floor, along with the throne chairs give the club it's regal aire.The Music: It's true, they have different DJ's switch off sets. The DJ I like also DJ's at Le Homme on Wed. nights. If I don't like what's playing I head outside for fresh air on the ample patio. But overall the music is good. I know some people that go every weekend. If I did that, I would be living in the alleyway behind Tranz. I take friends from out of town and occasionally go myself when I want to shake my ass. If I found a place better than Tranz I'd be there. But this is Phoenix, and this, my friend, is as good as it's going to get.
2	Came here twice on 'goth' night.  Both times the place was dead.  Probably no more than 10 people in the entire place with only 2 people dancing on the large dance floor.  I just don't understand why they can't get people in here and even more puzzling is the fact that they are able to remain open despite the lack of patronage.
3	I came here with Luckie Maounds for a blast from the past kind of night.  Back in the day, we did the goth club thing, only, we did it in San Diego and L.A. clubs.  It may sound snobby, but you dress up to be seen and those living in Southern California know that all too well.  I did not pack a corset or proper heels, but I did not feel entirely out of place in a simple black knee length dress, no tights, and black flats.  That right there should've been a warning about the patronage of this place.Still, the DJ played great music and the decor is gorgeous.  If this place on Friday night is the only goth club in town, then I would recommend it.  The drinks were a bit pricey though, so bring a flask.  But when I am in town again, I will return.  I will also pack accordingly to show these Phoenix kids what it is all about too.
4	This is definetly a goth club. Beautiful, above-average decor, expensive drinks, please-dont-wear-that Corset Girls with their unwashed dates who secretly want, but will never get, more. I really like this place. What sold me completely? The DJ played a reeeally good mix of music. I'm old, and even I recognized both old and new stuff over the sound system. And like Sara Y mentioned, there was once a "back-in-the-day" for me but those days are gone: These days, I am in jeans.
3	Situated between Amsterdam (a gay club the girls wanted to hit up, but was empty) and Club Downtown (a club with a patronage that looked ghetto-fabulous), Palazzo ended up being the perfect fix for our Saturday night...To look at it, Palazzo seems small in comparison to its neighboring clubs, but the space inside is used well.  Quite simply, there's a small bar to the left, a small VIP lounge to the right, and nothing but dance-able space in between. With a high ceiling, liberal use of bright neon blues, mirror'd-shiny surfaces, and sleek furniture, the atmosphere is energetic and cool.The DJ, perched in a second floor booth overlooking the dancefloor, played track after track of Hip-Hop, for the most part. [From reading other reviews, I'm not sure Hip-Hop/R&B is part of the regular format. We'd been there the first week of Oct'09.] And so, the girls (Esco, RB, Becca), all talented and passionate dancers, took to the floor, wowing and attracting a perimeter of onlookers.  I danced a bit, broken ankle be darned: it'd take more than crutches to keep me from having a good time with my peeps...As I sat for a minute, resting the cast'd ankle, a group of people complimented the girls on their style and dancing; very friendly, flattering gesture.By 3AM, it was almost exclusively the 6 of us still on the dance floor being silly, and though we could have danced more, we had liquor at the apartment where the club had made last call around 2am.Fun night and a fun little spot, but I'd suggest going with a group; friendly as people were, I'm not sure how apt this scene is to mingling/meeting/dancing with others. We had smilingly and genuinely asked a group of people watching us (the crew that complimented the girls on their dancing) to join us on the floor, but they didn't.If its not your speed, there are two other clubs literally next door.As we left, we noticed Club Downtown next door was *still* poppin'.__________________________Smoothest "I got hit on" moment ever.Can't be simply re-told, only re-enacted.
2	OMG, I'm sooooo sad.  I'm such an individual I need to look like everyone else....Ok, so I got my emo/goth rant out of the way.  So this review is specifically of Club Tranzylvania If you are drunk enough that you just want to dance and you don't care how much money you blow, then Tranz is all right.  Seems like they might be hurting a little, as it was pretty much a ghost town all Friday night - didn't even need staff at the outside bar. Their cover is too high, the drinks are too small and expensive, and the kids in there make me want to cry, but if you like the industrial type music, it's ok.  Actually, I only go there when dragged with friends, but, given the right amount of preparation in the forms of black eyeliner and cheaper drinks beforehand, I can have a decent time.
1	This place is horrid! They are discriminatory and I will NEVER come back!!!! They are also horribly organized! FAIL!!
1	Absolutely horrible place! Snakes was treated like pieces of shit, and we WILL NOT stand for it! The manager is a complete asshole and doesnt give a shit if you have a good time or not, as long as he gets his money. Completely unprofessional and neither myself, or any of my friends will ever set foot in this hell hole of a place ever again.
1	Two words: Overpriced and understaffed.I'm not sure if Palazzo is always open "sometimes" or just recently reopened, but they've brought back the goth night one Friday a month. Just to clarify-not reviewing that particular dance night, just the establishment itself. Every time I have been, the bar has been understaffed. Two for an entire nightclub that is packed? How does that work? It takes forever to get a drink and then it's just generally expensive no matter what you get. There's also a back bar that seems to never be in use. With the amount of people that hang out back there for the majority of the night, you'd think they'd hire a few extra people. Also? Maybe invest in some misters for your back bar-it gets ridiculously hot back there when it's packed full of people. It's almost as if this is a bare bones establishment. It's sad because this event is attempting to revive the goth scene yet the venue that it's at (which used to be Tranzylvania back in the day) just plain sucks.
1	Place is awesome, Bartenders real nice. DJ's suck. We have patronized all the goth  bars in town for years and DJ's are getting so bad with music. I used to love this place, now I don't think we will ever go back.... shame too, because all other bars/clubs are closed down. We need a better scene and better DJ's!
4	So I went here like 2 weeks ago, on a Saturday night, it is currently named Downtown not palazzo anymore. They charge a cover which is $10 not bad. The drinks are a bit expensive. They have three dance floors. Each floor plays a different type of latin music one floor consists of salsa, bachata, merengue. The second floor is Banda and the third floor is top hits like reggeton, Spanish pop etc... Overall it was cool.
5	Went on the transylvania night 3rd friday of the month was excellent stunning club bar staff great plus djs were good, and you could get requests too ,,,,, played good mix.....
