5	Oh My!!!! HEAVEN!!!! Lovely, CLEAN facility with super fresh food and great choices!! Friendly staff and decent prices!!  I've found my new lunch spot!! YUM!!!!
3	I have frequented some of the other Zabas locations in town, and I was excited when this new location at the Plaza Hotel opened up since it is close to where I work.  I went there for lunch and was happy to see that the ordering process, menu, and prices were about the same as the other locations. The staff was fast and friendly. Although after ordering my chicken burrito bowl things got odd. The first issue I encountered was that they didn't have any fountain drinks, only bottled Pepsi products that cost about $2.50 per bottle. You can go over to one of the neighboring fast food places to get a fountain drink if you want.  With the overpriced bottle of soda, the price of my lunch went up to over $11. Then the only seating available are some tipsy and uncomfortable tables and chairs about 50 feet away from the restaurant. While I was sitting there a homeless looking person walks up to my table with a cardboard sign saying that he is stranded and needs money and just stands there about 2 feet away from me and my food waiting for me to give him money.   Encountering these folks outside the casinos in downtown Las Vegas is pretty commonplace, but inside the Plaza Casino? This person went to the other tables in the area and did the same thing.  The person finally left on his own and I didn't see any security come through.  I got a very sketchy vibe from that whole experience which will probably prevent me from going back to this particular Zabas or any other restaurant in the Plaza for that matter. It is a shame, I was really looking forward to this place opening.  Although I still give this Zabas three stars for the food being good. But the Plaza really needs to clean up its act.
2	Maybe I'm being to harsh on this place, but as an Mexican this Chipotle like Mexican Grill crap insults me. The meat is meh at best and the rice and beans are horrendous (come on people! this is the foundation to Mexican food).  Proper Mexican food is made with fatty ass cheap meat with excessive seeasoning and about ten pounds of lard! That's the way my daddy did it and that's what keeps me coming for more. But seriously though, when it comes down to it the burrito itself might be good size and tasty in its own right but the price tag is way excessive and in all honesty with Mexican food their is sooo many mom and pop hole in the walls that will give you a much better product and for a much cheaper price.
5	I love this place, in fact I eat at this location about five times a week. Super fresh food with great flavor and very clean. I like that they use high quality meats and not fatty cheap meat with tons of lard (gross). If you want good fresh mexican flavor downtown this is the place to go.
1	idiots behind the counter a manager and a young girl @ 9:30 pm on Monday nite. Way way too expensive for poor people living downtown,Still steep for even the tourists staying there , dont fall for the Freemont Street tacos, they are 2inchs tiny. paid $2.50 for hard stale chips, ate one almost broke a tooth; returned the full bag and asked for an exchange for rice or a refund, she gave me the weiderest look and said I have to consort with the manager. You mean you cant empower your stupid ass employees to exchange a food item? Manager was no where to be found. Bad really bad bland americanized over-priced slop.
4	Lots of mixed reviews on Zaba's ... I guess your experience may depend on what and when you order. I popped in here early on a Saturday morning looking for a quick breakfast that didn't have "Mc" in the title. Zaba's was open and serving breakfast burritos. And these were the real deal - reminding me of the great breakfast burritos I would get at Anita's in the DC area. Scrambled eggs, beans, potato, cheese, and salsa, and chorizo - oh MY! It was a very ample and tasty breakfast burrito, and it was around $3.50, which was entirely reasonable for what I got. I would come back here again if I am staying at The Plaza or Downtown.
5	Best Kept secret in Downtown Vegas. Great healthy Mexican and they even serve beer! I am glad I found this place.
5	Love this food, and the staff is really friendly. Great prices. Will definitely come here again.
3	Quick stop for 3.99 tacos and beer -- good in a pinch but the tacos were cold.Good safety comes into question... When you're serving cold meat. Thanks for the beer!
4	The food is good awesome for a late night snack...
5	Very good food, as good as Chipolte but different fare. Such as quesadillas and an amazing shrimp taco cooked after you order it.
4	$4.31 total for 2 tacos and a PBR; that deal can't be beaten around this area. Shredded beef tacos were delicious. The layout looks like Chipotle, but cheaper prices, food seems just as good, a little more menu variety here. Friendly staff too!
4	Got 2 tacos and a beer for 4 bucks, so you can't beat that. It was pretty tasty, and it's very similar to Chipotle but offers street tacos, breakfast burritos, and quesadillas. Ingredients seemed pretty fresh as well.
2	My husband and I are staying at Plaza Hotel for 2 days and figured we'd try Zaba's for breakfast. 5.99 seemed a pretty reasonable price for a breakfast burrito, however the grumpy girl behind the glass partition assembling our burritos informed us, after she'd started our food, that meat was an additional $1.99. In addition to the extra charge for meat, she insisted we could not have pico AND sauce in our burritos without incurring another extra charge. I didn't even ask about adding corn or onions to my order because I'm not a millionaire, folks!Price aside, the burrito girl should really have worn a hairnet because I found a hair in one of my last bites. I wonder if there was an extra charge for it?I'd suggest the Subway next door for a cheaper, hassle free, quick breakfast if you're a fan of fixings and accoutrements.
