4	The karaoke here is die hard.  They usually open from 9 P.M. until at least 5 A.M.  I have been there 10 times...no two are alike.  This bar is right on the strip outdoors.  If you've been to Vegas or even been to this bar, you probably didn't even think it had a name.  It does.  I have seen snake charmers dancing with 10 foot snakes on their necks.  I've also been here in a gale force wind, and they were still open.A tip moves you up to the front of the line.  Just a couple of bucks works wonders.  They have beers for under $6 usually.  Cheap for a bar on the strip.  Usually no one cares if you bring a drink in.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE. A few of my friends went wandering around the strip to find breakfast and came across Zingers which advertised that breakfast was served all day. So figuring that was a sign that it couldn't be half bad, we went in. BIG MISTAKE. Upon ordering, the server clearly was confused about our basic orders from the menu. When the food came, we've never been more disappointed. My friend ordered a chicken sandwich that was rubbery, another friend had undercooked sausage, they served me meat even though, when ordering, I clearly stated that I'm vegetarian and did not want any meat in mine, and my friends omelet had unmelted cheese that wad HARD as a rock. The eggs were rubbery, the food flavorless, and the hash browns were awful. I've never been so disappointed in my dining experience. In the end, the bill was at least twice as high as it should've been for the quality and we left feeling robbed and unsatisfied. It really was the worst start to the day possible, so save yourself the trouble and avoid this place like the plague as far as the food is concerned.
1	This place should be called the Bird S*** Cafe since the owner likes to feed the pigeons right where you are eating. As if the mediocre food isn't bad enough you have to protect it from the pigeon tornado going on around you.  We complained to the server and she even admitted that customers hate it.  Sadly the bird crap on all the tables and chairs should have been a dead giveaway.
3	We became acquainted with Zingers because it's a hop away from the Polo Towers, where we stayed over President's Day weekend. They serve breakfast, as well as giant plastic souvenier guitars and lava lamps for all your carry-along booze needs. $12 for the first one, $6 for refills no matter how many times you stop by.They do karaoke at night, which wasn't exactly hopping when we were there. But to be fair, it was a frio night when we went with no space-heaters on. The die-hards were out there though, belting out 80s classics. I give them an A for effort, F for sobriety.Good bartenders. I'm already missing my plastic guitar full of Green Sneaker.
3	I would have given this place 4 stars because not only did I LOVE their chili-cheese dog & Blue Hawaiian drink, it's also a cool outdoor bar with little shops around and seating is available inside to eat. HOWEVER, it gets 3 stars.... (and I'm being really nice giving 3 stars, I really should give 2) BECAUSE THE EVIL LITTLE ANGRY BLONDE WOMAN who took our orders inside was completely ridiculous. She got my friend's order wrong... he ordered a chili-cheese dog (after he saw how good mine looked) and 35 min. later a small bowl of chili-cheese fries came to our table. How does it take that long for fries? He didn't even order fries! And this Romanian woman continued to argue with him... when he clearly stated he wanted a chili-cheese DOG. I thought the customer was always right?Anyway, I will probably come back for a drink or if I'm in the mood for a chili-cheese dog. I guess I'll just deal with the sucky service.
3	While I didn't partake in the supposed culinary prowess of the chef, I did have a couple drinks here and people watched.  And, the drinks were good, not overly expensive and poured by fun, outgoing bartenders.  As I said, it's a great place to people watch.
2	We were thee to watch karaoke, guess it wasn't there best night
2	This place never closes. I was on my way to take the Grand Canyon tour and I saw people sitting in the outside area drinking beers at 5:30am! They also serve breakfast all day but this does not look like the place you want to use their utensils to cut your food. Oh yeah, it's like that.Our server forget a but too much for my liking and she had a pen and paper with her, so I'm not sure what she was writing down. I asked for the bacon, egg and cheese on whole wheat and she definitely came out with a ham sandwich. I am a firm believer in not sending back your meal if you don't absolutely have to, so I kept my horrible sandwich and tried to force feed myself.The 2 stars go to the mango margarita that I had, it definitely changed my mood for the best.
3	We came here to get our first and only breakfast in Vegas. We took seats outside, but it took a while for the waitress to appear. I ordered probably one of the worst mexican omelletes I have ever had in a long time.  No life to it what so ever.  There was nothing mexican about it besides a little bit of salsa. They do however have karaoke later on during the day which looked like fun.  They seem to be open all day and night since we actually left our hotel around 5:30am and saw people there still drinking.  For this, I will add an extra star to my review.Cheers
1	OMG! Do not even chance this place. We yelped this place AFTER we sat down at the table. Once we started reading we mentioned to our group that we should leave. No one wanted to and half our crew ended up sooooo sick. Hey....read this....Zingers will give you the stingers. LOL
1	The food here is awful. I decided to stop here for lunch & I highly regret that decision. Not only is everything bland, but the person I had lunch with found a piece of latex glove (hopefully it was a glove haha) in his burger. The only good thing was that our server was very attentive & friendly. I would rather starve than come back here.
3	Ok, you have to know what you are getting into here. The place will likely be empty when you get there but if you want karaoke outside with a DJ wearing a bad wig...this is the place for you.Drinks are cheap for Vegas, I got a solo cup full of champagne for 7 bucks! By the time we left, the place was pretty packed with drunken revelers who heard our singing as they passed by.It's not super classy, but it can be pretty fun!
3	Zingers, what can I say about you.  I go here for one reason.  Karaoke.  I've never eaten here, but the food reviews are all pretty weak, so I'm kind of scared.  I have bought drinks here and of course the best deal is the refillable drinks.  PRICEY at first, but the refills make it worth your while and you can refill them as often as possible, so bring it back on your next trip, too.  Negative is a $6 bottle of Sierra Nevada and $10 minimum drink order to use a credit card.  Bleh.Zingers is an outdoor venue, it's got a bar and some tables, but no heaters, so if it's a cold night, WEAR A COAT!  The best part is they always have karaoke.  The current KJ is a creepy guy in a long blonde rocker wig.  He also charges you $5 to sing, but once you pay, it's unlimited singing.I was there Wednesday night, I sang a few songs really badly and one okay.  I was joined by the old guy, the cowboy, and the diva.... so, not their busiest night, but we were drunk, I brought my own frozen drink in and no one complained and heck I had fun and I got to practice my bad singing in front of people I'll never see again!You know I always have fun when I go there, but it's kind of a ratty place in general. I totally waffled on two or three stars, but I like going here and it's steps away from my usual home away from home in Vegas, so I'm giving them the 3 for entertainment value alone.
1	Dang I wish I could give 0 stars!I wouldn't feed this stuff to my enemies. The food is absolutely terrible. Rolled in a bit hungover (hey it's Vegas) and ordered a burger with fries and a grilled cheese sandwich. Well, fries were soggy as well as the burger bun, the stuff they called hamburger meat looked and taste mysterious, and still cant figure out if that was really cheese in the sandwich. it's simple people, DO NOT GO HERE. not good, not even when hungover....unless you want to drink it away. Plenty of drink special here!!!
3	This review is strictly for the karaoke and drinks.  I'm a karaoke fiend.  I've sang karaoke all over America.  Some cities embrace it while others ignore it, and relegate it to middle-aged off-key drunks who sound worse than two cats getting busy.  I went here three times.  The weather is nicer in September.  There is no way in hell I'd come here in July or August.  The drinks are cheaper than most Strip casinos at $4/Miller Lite so that's a good point.  The bad point is that it costs $5 to sign up for karaoke (and I tip $1 a song).  I'm not sure if anyone else tips, but that $1/song doesn't get you anywhere up the list faster.  If you arrive and there are 20 people there, guaranteed, half have not sung and want to, so get ready to sit for 10 songs.  I would say half are actually very good singers which is pretty good for a karaoke place and there were only about 1 in 5 that made my beer curl.  There weren't hardly any single women by themselves, which is like a theme in Vegas.  In fact, I would bet, there are more single women by themselves at bars who are working (prostitutes) as opposed to just single women out to have a good time.  There aren't even those pair of women.  Vegas, the women walk around in herds.  But then again, a lot of guys do too.  The crowd is mixed.  It's not a club scene folks.  We're talking a few young folk, a lot of middle-aged folk, a few old folk.  The bartenders were very prompt (unlike Fat Bar) and they were ten times friendlier than at Fat Bar down the way.  I gave Fat Bar one star FYI.  Since it's an outdoor bar, it's safe so a lot of women come here which does not occur with karaoke in dive bars.  I always thought karaoke right on the Strip outdoors would be cool, and I guess they read my mind.
1	From the frozen hash brown patty to the overcooked low quality ingredients in the breakfast burrito and the almost absent service this place is the lowest of the low vegas has to offer. a shame for this location.
3	This review is based on a lazy Saturday brunch the weekend before New Years'. I was surprised at how slow it was given that the Strip seemed busy.  Outdoor seating, breakfast all day, and full bar made up my mind about where to eat.  The food quality was about comparable to Denny's. The coffee was a little weak but fresh.Portions were generous.Service was friendly. I'd go again.
3	NOTE:  For Drinks/Karaoke.We went to DJ's Taco Bar and heard the Karaoke, and wandered over.  It was Jan 1, so it was pretty quiet (night after NYE and all)We had a great time. People watching extraordinaire!  Bartenders were friendly and the wine was cheap with great pours!Didnt see food, but wasnt hungry ...
1	I'm a local and I went to zingers thinking that it would be a quick, yummy place to get lunch. Oh man, was I wrong. None of the servers would talk to me, even though it wasn't that busy. Then, one of the ladies took my order and told me it would take 5 minutes. I had to use the restroom, so I went there and returned 10 minutes later. My food still wasn't ready. Then she was extremely rude telling me that my food wouldn't be ready for a while, in a super condescending tone. I asked her if I could at least get my drink that she failed to give me at the time of my transaction and she went off and did other things, then put the drink on the counter, not even bothering to get my attention. Long story short, rude service and TERRIBLE, OVERPRICED FOOD (McDonalds has better burgers, for HALF the price. AND their "world famous chili fries" were atrocious). I will NEVER eat here again. TOURISTS: there are WAYYYYY better places to get delicious food for the same price! Don't waste your time on this dump!
1	Tonight I met the most stupid barkeeper in my life. I'm 33 and I wanted to buy a drink. Unfortunately, my id was expired since I'm an international student. He refused to give me a drink so I asked him if my girl friend can buy a drink. I'm obvious 33 and the guy on the ID. Suddenly, he became totally aggressive without a reason and yelled at me that he will throw me out if he sees me drinking and I should not gamble him. Btw., I was super polite, calm and sober!!!! What an idiot, what a slouch. This place is super empty anyhow. Now I know why!!!
1	Please don't go to this restaurant if you're actually looking for food, or basic human-decency in customer service. Sign #1, 7pm and the restaurant is entirely empty.  Should have left then. Obviously we weren't looking for a 5 star dining experience, just burgers and fries before the group got "hangry."  The waitress seated us, and took our orders, which was fine--but snapped hostilely when asked a question about salad dressing.  She brought the food as it was ready, so half of the group was finished eating before the others even got their (similar cooking-time) meals. The service was generally poor.  The food was mediocre at best, especially considering we could have had the same quality food and a better service experience at a McDonald's.  Finally, when the bill came we were told that Zinger's did not accept credit or debit cards.  They clearly post the credit cards that they accept on the door.  When we brought this up, the waitress snapped and told us that we were being given a discount, our $98.00 bill didn't appear to have any discount whatsoever when compared with menu pricing and tax.  In order to just get the experience over with as soon as possible, we threw together the cash we had, covered the bill and left.It takes a lot to get a single star review from anyone, especially someone who only ordered a soda and fries.
3	We went here for our first breakfast in Vegas after searching and searching for something reasonably-priced. (The 24-hour breakfast sign really caught our attention). The breakfast was decent for the price. I got an omelette and my fiance got some breakfast special I think. The food was average. It was about as good as any Denny's I've ever been to. The service was also decent, but at least they were attentive. Maybe I just had a very different experience from other people. I had other breakfasts for similar prices in Vegas but the service for all of them was lacking in some way. At least our waters stayed full here. It wasn't an outstanding five-star breakfast, but it wasn't horrible either.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. To start off the waitresses were unknowledgeable about their own menu. Then when our food was brought out my order was incorrect, chicken caesar salad when I didn't ask for chicken. Then when I told the waitress about the error and I asked to ensure I wouldn't be charged and she said I would be and left. Soon after another waitress came and I informed her and my response received was "ya you did". 10mins later the same waitress showed up with an additional completely different salad and when I asked what why I was given it she shrugged. Not only was the staff rude and uninviting but the food was unseasoned, unappetizing and my lettuce was wilted.  12$ down the drain I suppose...
5	It cracks me up that people are reviewing this place for food. I thought it was fairly obvious from the outside that it was primarily a bar, but I guess everyone's different. Anyway, WE WENT THERE TO DRINK. We were walking down the strip at 1:00 AM because that's the only time it wasn't 110 degrees outside, and we saw this woman with this gigantic, high-heeled leg-shaped fishnet-covered container filled with alcohol. We tracked it down to Zingers. The waitress who helped us was amazing -- there was a long line at the bar but she came out of the building, saw us, and came over to see if we had questions. We told her we wanted the leg, and she handed us a menu so we could pick our poison. She was patient and didn't take off while waiting for us to decide, and even knocked a few bucks off the price! We essentially paid $25 for a giant, high-heeled leg-shaped fishnet-covered container filled with Melon Ball. It was strong, a great mix, and for that amount (at least 32-48 oz) worth the money! We shared it and we couldn't finish it (we know our limits in that kind of heat and switched back to water about 2/3 through), so it was pretty decent quality. And, we can bring the container back any time for $15 refills!To be fair, we didn't have food so I can imagine it probably was about as terrible as the other reviews say. But our personal experience with the service and alcohol was great, and we will be returning during our next visit!
1	I gave this a 1 star because this is open all nite which is convenient. However the food is AWFUL. We had a chili dog and I am sure the can chili tastes 100% better! I come to Vegas quite a bit and our hotel is close to this place. Food is AWFUL. Even though we spent over the minimum required,waitress asked us to pay in cash... won't EVER go there again...
1	This is the  worst place to eat. Everything is from a can and the service is atrocious! Please do not waste your money!!
1	Sat down to a dirty table and waited 15 minutes for service, one of us spilled a water and the waitress asked us to leave. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. If you want to eat at a dirty restaurant with terrible service this is the place for you.
