5	The Mr and I love to go to San Francisco.. we try to go at least once a year. During the time we aren't there are always hip on reading about it and staying on top of what's going on there. I'm not talking about what color pleather is going to match what feather boa (Oh nelly!).. for us SF is about as center of the universe as you can get for foodie goodness! Some of the sexiest and tastiest restaurants we've been are in SF. Many cater to a more sophisticated diner as well as take advantage of the local artisan breads, cheeses and produce.Then along came Methode. When we walked into the space we knew that they were onto something. Rustic chic I think would be the way Id describe the space. Very comfortable, sexy and romantic. The staff was warm and invitingleading us to our table. While the dining room was pretty full the noise levels were very minimal.. I think due to the fact that most seemed to be there for a romantic dinner (close talkers and such). Being curious foodies we ordered the heck out of the menu.. sweet corn soup, foie gras and sweetbreads. Oh how I love sweetbreads! Corn soup, was off the chain!Dinner was Risotto for the Mr and Prime Rib Deconstruct for me. Yes and yes and yes some more.. toes were curling.. eyes rolling back in head.. we are talking about food here right? The service and the kitchen were spot on, from the presentations, food temp and timeliness we were back in SF.. it doesn't get to be 110 in SF, back to reality.
5	Don't let the negative reviews about "Methode Bistro" affect your decision to dine there. The restaurant is off the charts!!! The cuisine is exquisite and the service is impeccable. I had the squab and foie gras appetizer (by the way, methode is one of the few places in town that actually serves foie gras now that Mary Elaine's and Marquesa are closed). The Paella entree was so robust in flavor - and by far the best and most well seasoned dish I haved had in any restaurant. Presentation was stunning and the flavors were amazing.My only complaint, which does not even fault the restaurant is that the serving of foie gras are too small. Keep up the good work and best wishes for continued success.
4	This was one of the few actual culinary experiences that I have had so far in Arizona.  I'm giving it 4 stars, its really a 4.5 review but I'm rounding down on this one because the little things that would have pushed it to a 5 star review just weren't there.  (No amuse bouche, no sommelier, server failed to know what cheeses on our cheese plate were which)  I have other 5 star reviews for places where these things are not present, but here at Methode I expected them since they are trying to be a fine dining establishment.We started off with a good bottle of wine, a nice French white recommended by our server that wasn't on the wine list.  It really went well with everything we ordered.  For an appetizer we started with the Camembert cheese baked in croissant dough which is served with jam and a side of strawberries in orange.  It was good and large enough to split, but felt slightly as if we were eating a glorified grilled cheese.  The selection of a more flavorful cheese would have really set the dish apart.  For an entree I chose the gnocchi with braised pork.  The gnocchi was savory and the pork serving was bountiful and tender.  My husband selected the roasted chicken with sage beignets, he was intrigued by the idea of a sage beignet which turned out to just be a deep fried sage leaf and not really at all like the beignets we are accustomed to.  The chicken itself was moist and flavorful, and the portion was much larger than what he was expecting.  For dessert we selected the cheese plate (which was good, although limited) and followed that with a chocolate pot du creme which was heavenly.  My husband also had a cappuccino which was very good.  The atmosphere and service were perfect compliments.  Even before we had arrived, the host was very cordial and accommodating when making our reservation, trying to fit us in even though he had a full dining room and a private party in the lounge.  Our server was attentive without being obtrusive, replaced our flatware between courses and folded my napkin seconds after I had excused myself from the table.  I liked that even the host would periodically stop by between courses and make sure everything was going well.  Since there was the private party in the lounge/bar area we were in the side dining room but the bar/lounge looked lovely.  (They offer a happy hour that I really want to try, 3 tapas for $10 and half off all beers and wines by the glass)  There is one table in the dining room in which we were seated that was a large old oak table topped with candelabras with gobs of melted wax and a beautiful flower arrangement.  I loved that table so much I wanted to come back with a group of friends to be able to sit there!  (If you are coming with a group I would definitely request it)  Although there is no dress code I noticed that most men were wearing jackets, and failing that, collared shirts.  All in all Methode was a lovely dining experience, one that I would not hesitate to repeat.  Our final bill came to $150, including a $55 bottle of wine, which is very reasonable.  For a small bistro in a strip mall in Scottsdale it was quite a find.
4	I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...
5	This was, food wise, the best restaurant in Phoenix.Unfortunately I say food wise because it is no longer in operation and is now a restaurant called Bistro Italiano. Totally different ownership/management.
5	I loved this place.. going to miss it terribly!
