5	A treasure trove, a goldmine, frankly the biggest motherload of quality classic vinyl LPs I've *ever* seen!  Imagine 13,000+ sqare feet of jazz, blues, soul, funk, r'n'b, rock, folk, documentaries, comedy, instructionals, soundtracks, etc.  You can't find that rare blues/soul/jazz record on ebay or anywhere else. Jerry prolly has it!!  And the kicker is that the average price for records here is $3-$4!!  Yep, you heard right!!  Seriously if you're a vinyl junkie, don't go here unless you have all day to browse and listen ... I allocated 2 hours and it felt like 15 minutes!!!  I know folks who make special "record buying" trips to 'da 'Burgh from Canada, just to go to Jerry's.  Yes, its that good!!
5	I have been to Jerry's about 4 times since moving to Squirrel Hill.  On my first visit I came looking for CD's and left with 5 LP's and a turntable!  There is something for everyone here, and lots of hidden treasures.  A truly local/unique/incredible record shopping experience, don't miss it.
4	rows. and rows. and rows. and rows of records.of all kinds of genres. from all kinds of decades.and yea. like, $3-$4 for each one too.
5	One of the premier record stores in the entire country! Totally amazing. Not overpriced, has a friendly staff who are there because they're into music. Jerry himself is still there most of the time, even though I heard he was trying to retire. Stores like this are the heart and soul of a city's music scene, and I think that Pittsburgh never died as a record town partly because of this very place! Any visit to Pittsburgh requires a visit to Jerry's and then to Paul's CDs.
5	Wow, this is almost overwhelming.  I have never experienced an LP store like this one, as others have said it is an unimaginable amount of records.My one critique of others reviews is that: no, he does not have everything.  These are all used or at least collectible unsealed LPs and you will not find anything current here.  No matter, there are troves of other interesting things and you can get 5 of them for what you would normally pay for new vinyl.
5	Something for everyone if your into vinyl that is (don't get kinky I am talking records). You can spend hours in this place digging up hidden treasures. I am finding records of bands from the 70's and 80's like Zebra and Twisted Sister who I would see back on LI at the clubs as a teenager (back in the day) when you would get pulled over for drinking and driving and the police would just say walk home and leave your car instead of throwing you in the slammer and then you would pretend to walk home but when the police left you would double back and get in your car again with all your friends and party some more! (ahhh memories).  Huuhhh huum oh yeah ...Jerry's is rockin for records!
5	Wow! Too bad I don't have a turntable! 'Cos this place specializes in vinyl. They have records, records, and more records.  Me, I have a huge CD collection.  I don't believe in MP3 players (because if you only have songs downloaded, you don't really have a music collectiom, do you?).  There are some purists who believe that the best sound is on vinyl and my father is one of them.  To back up a moment, my husband Rick was out of town for the day on one of his railfan jaunts.  So my brother Paul and I decided to get together, hang out, and maybe get a little Christmas shopping out of the way.  Dad likes music as much as we do,  He even likes more current bands like Arcade Fire and Snow Patrol.  We decided that some used LPs would make a big splash with the old man.  On an earlier family visit, I pilfered his record and CD collection while Paul created a diversion.We decided upon getting him "Damn the Torpedos" from Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers and a rare LP by The Busboys.  Man, I have got to get me a turntable!  This place is awesome and I could spend hours in here.  Now isn't shopping and browsing at a place like this way more fun than Amazon or E-Bay?
5	Jerry's sells non-recent music on vinyl, either used or collectible.I've known DJs from NYC who took bookings to Pittsburgh simply for the excuse to go to here.  You can spend hours in this store.They have more records than any other record store I've had the luck to see.   More of their records are things you'd actually want to buy.  Their prices are cheap.  Their staff is friendly.For what they do, I've never seen better.
5	It's nearly impossible to beat the size & selection here no matter what city you're in. Pretty much any LP here is $3-$4. It's really easy to spend an entire afternoon digging through all the records that Jerry's has.If you've never been there- hit up the "New/Good Stuff" first near the front. This is the dumping ground for incoming records. Most of the good ones get snatched before being filed away.  Another fun thing to do is think of any single that may have been on the jukebox while you were a kid/teen. Jerry's has it on 45. (The organization back there is amazing!)Don't forget to bring cash! No credit cards.
5	There isn't much to say that hasn't been said, Jerry's is where it's at!
5	Wow, these idiots who gave 1 star rating must be dork hipsters who know nothing about record collecting.  I've been a customer at Jerry's since he was in Oakland.  Great guy, great store.  It is one of a kind and known across the world.  You could spend a week going through everything.
5	My mind cant comprehend how anyone can give Jerry's less than 5 stars, let alone bash it.Come on, people. A gigantic collection of records at insanely cheap prices, isn't good enough for you? You can always go down the street and pay 30 bucks for punk albums.Sidenote: I've found most of my new-wave, 80s hardcore and most of my punk albums FROM Jerrys. They even have a few punk crates of "good stuff". Guess you Missed that, Stefan.Jokes.
5	Jerry's records is a warehouse of vinyl from the 50s-90s, mostly bought in bulk at estate sales and the like. While other used record stores tend to sort through and mark up the collectibles to ridiculous prices, Jerry's tends to keep everything around $4. If you like digging through old vinyl, you can easily spend an entire afternoon in Jerry's. You'll find not only rock and pop here, but all sorts of strange things from Soviet orchestras to instructional LPs.Because Jerry tends to acquire all of his records in lots from estate sales or donations rather than ordering from distributors it really is a grab bag. You're not necessarily likely to find that hand-numbered Sick Of It All "We Stand Alone" 7" (I owned three of 5,000 at one point), but you are likely to run across stuff you never knew existed. And for four bucks, why not give it a shot?
2	Jerry's has a lot of records HOWEVER most of them have been sitting there for years! Also, I've been going there for 2 years now and still get treated like I've never been there. The staff is UNFRIENDLY. Jerry himself seems cranky and isn't very friendly. Also, their listening stations don't work anymore. The attic in Millvale is a better experience altogether and they ACKNOWLEDGE you there, unlike at Jerry's.
4	OK - block out an afternoon !Jerrys is packed with more LPs than any leveled headed person needs / wants but if yer looking for a record by a choral group from an orphanage in upstate New York, an armless piano player, Psychic TV, a Hawaiin Steel Guitar album or some other stange assortment - here's yer stop so get off & enjoy the view.Tons of this stuff NO ONE is EVER gonna buy. Been going their for 10 years & the same Don Ho LPs are there but there's always new stuff coming in for sure  which makes the trip always worthwhile.One thing ya have to do is check condition.  It seems they get a bit hap hazard at times or they just want to have an oddball item in the bins even though it may be a bit sub standard on condition.  But, I must note that when I've come across an item in not so great shape its been priced according.  So, if there's an original Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul LP on Stax marked at $1.99 - there's a reason!I always ending up leaving Jerry's with about $100 worth of very fair priced vinyl and am always eager to stop here next time i'm around Western PA for work.Definitely worth your time & money .  Good clerks, too, and I always have a cool chat about some oddball non-musical topic.... since talking about matrix #'s in the dead wax can get a little wearysome.
4	Yes, you will waste a lot of time here. Yes, you will buy records you don't need or even really want.This is because the sheer volume of amazingness will suck you in.I've found everything from audio recordings of Ntzoke Shange's "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Isn't Enuff" (Broadway play version!) to Yma Sumac recordings to Guts Pie Earshot albums to Dog Faced Hermans stuff to...etc... I've also DJ'ed around and have found amazing singles here for my collection.Not the place if you're looking for current releases.
5	This is one of the quintessential "Pittsburgh" places. I think it should be on a Rick Seback special if it isn't already. Best place I've ever seen for vinyl lovers. There are so many records here you won't know what to do. My recommendation is to bring a list with you of things you want - it will help you navigate.
4	I'm lucky enough to live in a city with lots of shops that sell new and used vinyl but none of them compare to Jerry's. They have a great selection of used vinyl and every once in a while you can find some new or "newish" LPs. The records are all priced very reasonably and the jazz section is fantastic. This place is quite large so I would go in with a definite idea of what you're looking for otherwise you'll probably feel a bit overwhelmed. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is due to the fact that they don't have many punk, new wave, or electronic albums. They also don't seem to carry many hard to find records. Having said that, this is still one of my all-time favorite record stores.
4	I cut my teeth buying records at Jerry's almost 20 years ago. Jerry's is a giant space which can be overwhelming if you are not used to large record stores. I advise taking a list. For a while I would visit the shop weekly and still find stuff in the genre and alphabet bins a little stagnant. I'm not saying you won't find anything there, but if you look for something a few times and don't find it - you probably won't find. Part of the reason is the prices are so good, stuff does not stay on the shelves. The best place to look is the new arrival bin. Unfortunately the best stuff never hits the shelve, you can find it on eBay.
4	What a great record store!Every city has a record store like this.  SF has Amoeba, NY has Bleecker Music and so on.  Jerry's has Pittsburg covered.It's just outside of the city in a second floor walkup.  As you go up the stairs, you see vinyl being used to cover up the wood that supports the handrail.  Once you get to the top of the stairs, you see what looks like a dump truck worth of records that are getting sorted and priced for the store.  As you walk in, you become overwhelmed with vinyl.  It's everywhere!  This is great because they have every style you could think of.  You literally have from Dixieland to Plastikman!The first day I came to Jerry's I took it all in and went straight for my "go to" rock artists.  Unfortunately, they didn't have "Wish You Were Here" or "Coda", but did have "Tommy" and "Classic Yes".  This is probably because people go straight for these sought after artists (as I did).I headed back the next day having a good idea of what areas to hit and how to prioritize the order I dig.  After only 2 hours I got a healthy stack of 14 records.  This is only 1/3 of records I wanted to look through, but my budget and time limited me to that.  Many gems came to me as most older records should.  I could list them, but that would add some hefty paragraphs to this review....and bore those who aren't into the finds.The topper to this all was that each record was 3 or 4 dollars.  The "better" LPs were 7 and 8 dollars.  Most were in very good condition.  If there were any blemishes, they were accounted for during pricing.  They do a good job at being fair all around.The only reason I gave it a 4 star was because I'm unable to give a 4 1/2.  I couldn't give it a 5, because some styles and artists were everywhere, which makes it more time consuming and difficult to dig and find.  This happens at any big record store with many different genre's.  Since, I worked at a record store for 5 years....I get how difficult that task is and don't hate.All in all, this is definitely a "must stop in" spot when in town..
5	Jerry's is my favorite record store. You can spend an entire afternoon here searching through the records without even realizing it. It's all older used records (if you are looking for newer stuff try Paul's in Bloomfield) and if you take the time to search, mixed among the thousands of non-relevant artists you can find some real gems at a CHEAP price. I found Rust Never Sleeps and Live Rust by Neil Young at Jerry's for $4 a piece. These same records I saw at Amoeba in San Francisco for almost $30 a pop. Take some time to talk to Jerry the owner. He isn't shy about discussing his musical tastes and will tell you if he doesn't like yours!
5	badass record store, dude.good buys of my visit: bon iver, lou reed, talking heads.  so much other stuff to explore for cheap, impossible to leave without a random interesting buy.this record store has inspired me to get a record player, so yah, i'd say jerry's is pretty rad.
5	How do you write a review worthy of a place so good?  Without a doubt, Jerry's is the best record store I've been in.  Three words may be able to sum up Jerry's:QuantityDiversityPriceAnd Quality could be thrown in there too, but 3 words looks better.  Anyway, the first thing you notice walking up the steps to Jerry's is the smell of the old records, and you just get a feeling for the journey they've taken to arrive there.Jerry's selection is unrivaled anywhere in the city, and likely in most of the country.  Hundreds of thousands of records fill the large main room and multiple back rooms.  Genres span everything that's ever been recorded on vinyl: rock, bluegrass, county, opera, jazz, rap, funk, spoken word, new age, motown... The list goes on.  I've heard he's even got a warehouse full of records yet to be seen.And one of the most amazing things is that the entire selection is categorized and organized with incredible accuracy.  Th guys at Jerry's do a great job of this.  If you can't find something, they do, just ask.And his prices can not be beat.  Most records are $3 or $4, sometimes up to $8 for really popular ones, but that is a rarity.  Best of all, I think Jerry listens to nearly every record that comes through the door.  If you're lucky enough to find one that he's marked "GREAT!"...buy it!  You will not be disappointed.Whenever I need a fix for some great tunes, Jerry's is the place to go.
5	This place is the MECCA of Vinyl! When people say that it's overwhelming, they aren't kidding. You walk into piles and piles of records and then more shelves and then more rooms. It's amazing the kind of collection that the owner has going on. There were two records that I was looking for and couldn't even find them. The gentleman paused for a second and said, "Oh yeah, that's right over here." I told him that he must have a really good memory! The store often has sales and I was able to get 5 great records for $22, which is amazing in itself. It's my number one go to place when I am looking for something specific or just want to kill an hour or 5. You could make this stop alone your entire afternoon and find really amazing records.The only downfall of this place is that it's cash only but other than that, it's fantastic and any Vinyl enthusiast should certainly take a look!
4	I bought my parents a new record player for Christmas and I have never seen them so excited about a present before. My sisters and I grew up listening to my parents' records but when the needle broke on their record player, we obviously weren't able to listen to them anymore.  I've missed listening to them ever since. With my dad's birthday  being 4 days after Christmas, I knew I wanted to get him some new records as a present.  I went to Jerry's for the first time and was completely amazed at the store. I've never seen so many records in my life. They were EVERYWHERE. There were rows upon rows of organized records along with stacks towering high above me all over the place. I was a little overwhelmed but luckily the rows were wonderfully organized and I found records for three of my dad's favorite bands in only 20 minutes! The best part was that all three only cost me $20! when they easily were $25 each online! I didn't know the store didn't take cash but Jerry let me run to Mineo's Pizza to get some cash out to pay, no problem.  He was really friendly and understanding (It helps that he reminds me of Jerry Garcia!).  My dad loves his new records and I promised to take him to Jerry's when he comes to visit me next. I know he will be as amazed as I was!
4	Dude. Duuuuude. This place is absolutely IN. SANE.I just... I can't get over it. Jerry's was the first record store I visited in Pittsburgh and I seriously thought, "This is it. I've been to the record store to end all record stores". It's hardly EVEN a record store, much less a gigantic warehouse stuffed to the brim with all things vinyl related.Things I love about Jerry's:Great for everything before 2000Amazing pricesThe sheer quantityWide varietyThings I don't really love about Jerry's:THE AMOUNT OF RECORDS HERE IS JUST SO OVERWHELMING OMGNo new releasesThe environment/atmosphere - super mustyThat being said, if you go to Jerry's, either plan your trip to be at LEAST an hour long or know exactly what you're looking for prior to visiting. I've only gone here a few times and every time, I spend the first half hour staring dumbfounded and confused. Really, just go to the back and look at their aisles and aisles of 45's. Absolutely absurd.Addendum: Make sure to test things out on the turntable they have there! I've picked up some records that have been quite scratched (still playing it and loving it). Also, they are CASH ONLY, so make sure to prepare accordingly!
4	I love this place partly because it's situated along the main drag of one of my all time favorite neighborhoods in the Burgh, but also because my experience shopping is always pleasurable. I once asked them if they had a copy of the soundtrack for "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas" and no one laughed at me. I would have been okay if they did, but they were happy to look into the matter, and then offer to special order a copy in for me. Nice.
4	There is tons of love to go around for Jerry's, and I think that's fair. Still, I think it may be a bit much. When I was in the store this week, a kid was telling Jerry that he'd seen the store mentioned in Rolling Stone, and Jerry said something like "Yeah... we're always somewhere in the top 10." I don't really know what to make of that. Really, I'm not sure Rolling Stone knows anything about anything at this point. Maybe that was Jerry's point. In any case, Jerry's is pretty cool. He's got tons of records, and his prices are pretty good. This is one of many places I'd like to be able to visit on a weekly basis. It has a classic record store feel (something along the lines of Area 51 ... anything could be in there, and you might never get out).Is it one of the best 10 record stores in the country? God knows. It's safely the best in Pittsburgh, but I'd say almost every major city has at least one shop that would give Jerry a run for his money.
5	Great record store!! All vintage and super well organized. Knowledgeable staff and amazing finds on just about everything. Great store for rock, county, folk and soul records. Totally with a stop this place is where it's at.
5	This place is great. They are very organized, the records are clean and there are helpful homemade signs and markings on nearly everything that isn't moving. The best stuff for vinyl listening goes fast apparently. The staff seems to care. They've thought through several things. Namely, having the best sellers grouped up front with everything else spread throughout the store. There's a bit of nearly everything. Take some time and cash or check only (if I remember right)
2	Overrated...and here's why.YES -- the place is massive.YES -- there are probably a million records in that place (really).YES -- You could get lost in a labrynth of vinyl (always good).BUT -- well here's the problem.  If you're a "condition" guy like me, Jerry's is NOT your store.  I found a few albums, but the time I spent verses the amount of records in my stack was definitely a case of "diminishing returns."  There were times when I felt like I was flipping through one huge dollar bin.  The scratchy crap certainly outwieghed the gems.  I'm not a Pittsburg native, but I have a feeling the Jerry's is the kind of place where the stock never moves.  It's worth visiting this place ONCE just for the spectacle of it all.  But don't plan on spending a day here.  You'll be disappointed.  I don't see myself coming back.
4	Had the pleasure of going to Jerry's Records while visiting some friends in Pittsburgh. MAN OH MAN!! One of THE BEST record stores I've had the pleasure of visiting!!For me, it's all about the hunt and a good deal, and Jerry's gave me both. I'm not super super picky on mint-condition vinyl. This had what I wanted:* Filled to the brim with vinyl* Organized like you'd want it* Turntables set up to take a listen* Great prices!Go when you have time to dig - you'll be glad you did!
5	This is a great record store with a huge selection of good quality albums.  I'm exceptionally picky about the stuff I buy condition wise and while the majority wasn't up to the standard I look for, I was able to find more than plenty that was.  By contrast, I find I can rarely find more than one album I want to buy at local SoCal shops.  I bought 10 or so at Jerry's.  The only record store I think I liked more is Attic, which is a 20 minute drive away.  Who knew that Pittsburgh was the best place to go record shopping?!?
4	My boyfriend loves coming here so he scours the long stands of records while I listen to music in the corner.  They have the biggest collection of records I have ever seen. The large room that you walk into is stocked to the max with every kind of record you could ever think of.  You have to come at a fortuitous time in order to get the record that you want because they sell out fast! The people working there are genuinely nice and are willing to help.  If you are amassing a record collection this would be the perfect place to go.
5	One of my favorite record stores to just go to with nothing in mind.  It is always an adventure to see what I will find.  It amazes me how many records are in that space.  There is something for everyone if you just take the time to look.
5	MY GOD. This place is BONKERS. There are records upon records up records. As a hardcore record collector as of the past 10 years or so, I nearly had a heart attack when I stepped foot inside. I'm a big fan of 45s and they have multiple, ceiling-high aisle shelves of ALL 45s catering to just that. These records range about $3-$5 but be sure to check out the boxes in the smaller back room for rarer finds for about $7-$10.A couple things to remember: 1) it's cash only but there is an ATM on-site. Best to bring cash before you come anyways 2) the downstairs garage has a lot of $1 finds! 3) make a list of things of your holy grail of records: I was able to find about 90% of my record wishlist (which had some SUPER rare stuff) at Jerry's4) they're more than a record store- they do repairs next door, have tons of accessories (needles, record storage boxes, record cleaning fluid, etc.) 5) make time to dig- because there is plenty to dig through!There were a couple of really awesome employees who were posted up in the 45s section who were really nice and helpful. Give 'em a genre or band you like and they'll know just the 45 to recommend. The dudes who rang me up were also super nice and quick at getting me through the door. Overall? Jerry's Records wins the title of my Favorite Record Store of all time. I will be making a pilgrimage to PGH just for Jerry's in the very near future.
5	Cleveland has record stores but Cleveland has nothing like Jerry's.  Holy crap!  This a vinyl lovers paradise.  You could seriously spend an entire day in this place.  I found tons of imports all at really reasonable prices.  I collect mostly 80's and 90's alternative and found stuff I hadn't seen in years, mostly at around $4.00 or $5.00 a pop and in pristine condition.Jerry and his staff were very knowledgeable and super friendly too.  The store is completely overwhelming with the amount of vinyl they have.  You could go back and find something you missed time and time again I am assuming.  The only downside is they don't take credit cards HOWEVER they have an ATM which makes up for it.
5	This place is a must whenever I'm in Pittsburgh. Columbus has record stores but this is like a warehouse. Prices are great and you can easily kill a day in there. Only downside is they don't take credit cards.
5	This is by far the best place to shop for those old records that you're looking for. I own my parents' old vinyl player at my place, and it has quickly become my most prized possession. I really only listen to classic rock when I'm home, and I love slowly collecting the old records that my parents grew up listening to: Steve Miller Band, Foreigner, Elton John, Fleetwood Mac, the Eagles, etc. I discovered Jerry's my first summer here five years ago, and I have to say they have the best collection BY FAR for anything that you're interested in finding. They have what seems to be a little warehouse on the second floor of a place right on Murray, and I love strolling down on a weekend day to look for something I might want to buy. Lately I've gotten into some blues and jazz, and their sections host a bunch of old Ella Fitzgerald and Nina Simone and Billie Holiday. And they are relatively cheap compared to any other place you'll shop in. Most of the records are in the 4-5 dollar range (as others have said here). The people are pretty helpful and you can always ask to try out a record in the store to make sure it's got a perfect old crisp sound that we all long for!
1	I absolutely refuse to shop for records here. After several trips spent trying to find a decent record at Jerry's, I gave up and never looked back. The selection is terrible. They may have volume but that means nothing if it's Easy Listening and Soft Rock records that you could find in better shape and cheaper at a thift store.  Pittsburgh has plenty of other record stores that are worth checking out but don't waste your time here. Plus you'll never find a new release at Jerry's.
5	Easily the most complete selections of records I've seen. They got stacks and stacks of 45's. Could spend hours here. Highly recommended. Most 45's about $3. I
5	This is THE record store. Great selection, great people and great prices. I always walk out with more than I had planned to spend. Remember CASH ONLY. But I think he does take checks too. Jerry is a nice guy too.
5	I just had the opportunity to visit Jerry's for the first time about a month ago. The place is record HEAVEN. I happened to spend most of my time looking through the ridiculous number of 45 boxes, but the selection overall is vast and kind of overwhelming when you first walk in. It helps to have a list of things you're looking for in order to make the most of your time there. HIGHLY recommended; I live hours away but I'm already looking forward to a return trip!
5	Vinyl aficionados will love Jerry's.  Whatever you want, they have.  Jerry is a great guy, ask him any questions you have.  Check the records, they are usually priced by quality and there are some pretty scratched up ones out there.  Check out the auctions on their website, the best stuff they get goes there before it hits the bins.  Have gotten some great stuff that way.
5	The largest selection of records I've ever seen in my life. A little hard to configure at first, but they have EVERYTHING. The only downside is they put new records out every single day - and the popular ones go fast! So get there early!
5	Sweet lord, what a record store.I recently bought a turntable after a long time of not owning one. Shortly afterwards, I started doing research for best record stores in the 'Burgh, starting with the reviews right here on Yelp. Jerry's came up first. The reviews for Jerry's sounded like my kinda place. My only worry was that it's located in Squirrel Hill and I was fearing some kind of godawful traffic jam heading up 376 over the weekend, but luckily it wasn't a game day and nothing else was going on in the city, so it was smooth sailing up to exit 74. Just a hop off the interstate, a left turn, and then another left and then blammo! There's Jerry's in all its glory.I was actually nervous and excited driving up to it. I can't say I've been excited about going into a record store in ages, but the reviews made the place sound awesome. So in I went, climbing up the steps to the second floor. Man, those steps have quite the degree of incline to 'em.I walk into the first little room and it's cluttered. Awesome. So I squeeze past the couple of employees going through some new stuff and into the main room. It was like heaven opened up. So many records. Where does one begin? I checked out the most popular stuff up front first, then quickly ditched that idea and just jumped into the deep end. A Greg Kihn album first, then a Re-Flex LP, some Robert Palmer and Steely Dan that I never had on vinyl, and on it went. I'd keep remembering tings to look for, and go rushing about.And then I tried my best to browse the 45s, but it was too overwhelming. Then I discovered the classical section, and the huge room devoted to jazz LPs, and the huge comedy selection. When did it end? How many records were in this place? Like other reviewers have stated, if you love vinyl, you're gonna spend a ton of time in here just looking and looking and looking. And Jerry was playing some great tunes to shop to as well, so that's always a plus.I was in there almost two hours and I could have stayed longer. I spent 30 bucks on my finds. As I handed my cash to Jerry, he told me to remember to check out the basement section located downstairs right next door. "Lots of good rock records in there for a buck," he told me. My mind imploded.I walked downstairs and back outside and pondered visiting the basement, but I decided to save that for the next time. If I hadn't had more shopping to do that day, I would have gone in and lost even more time and money in the best way I could ever imagine. I got home and all my records were in impeccable shape and sounded amazing. Having vinyl again reminds me of when I was a kid and would buy records and would just sit around and listen to them all the way through, looking at the covers and reading the lyrics sheets if they were included, and just listening. I haven't had that experience in a long time. It's easy to forget after years of CDs and mp3s on shuffle all the time. I'm definitely going to be a customer of Jerry's for the long haul. Definitely the most amazing record store I've ever visited.
5	This is exactly how it's described.  It's huge.  It's awesome.  He's got things no one else can even think to have.  But make sure you look at all the discs. Don't take his word for it! I always inspect but caught up in it and took his word for a "clean" copy.  Not so much.   The price is right, tho, to try lots of new things.
