1	As a parent, if you're looking for a place to be coddled, where e-mails are responded to and phone calls are answered by a live person, this is not the place for you.  The management appears nonexistent.  Phone calls are either sent straight to voicemail and not returned, or answered by a receptionist, Kathy, who does not have substantive answers, and forwards your call to someone else's voicemail.  If you want your child to be sent here due to location/price etc., keep on calling the school until you get a hold of someone, or better yet, show up in person.The teachers may be more responsive, but if management treats the parents this way, it makes me wonder how it treats its staff.
4	We love going to school at Risen Savior. The teachers are loving and encouraging, and the small classes ensure that the kids are getting the attention that they need. It's like a second family there.
5	Risen Savior Early Learning Center is a wonderful preschool/daycare. They are well under the Arizona child/teacher ratios for all of their classes, which makes a HUGE difference!  They have amazing teachers who have been there for years, who have such a loving yet disciplined approach.  It amazes me how patient and effective they are with all the kids.  Each class follows an educational and fun curriculum every day, and parents receive a daily email report that includes pictures and video of their child's activities for the day.  Their rates are extremely affordable, especially for all day care.   I can't say enough about how great this school is, and we are so lucky that our son LOVES going to school every day!
5	Believe it or not, my next door neighbor had worked here and so I always thought of it as part-time day care, not for the working mom.  They have in the last couple years made this an incredible full time and part-time daycare with exceptional staff.  Both of my children have attended, they are both very different and have been accommodating to both my children.  My oldest is in kindergarten  this year and very well prepared.  I recommend to anyone in South Chandler looking for flexible daycare for a working mom
5	Risen Savior has an amazing preschool/ Pre K program.  We love the teachers, staff, Christian values and the smaller class ratio--very personal, loving and hands on!  Ms. Nancy and Ms. Tahnia made our daughter's first year of school so fun and memorable!  Looking forward to sending our son to these lovely ladies next year!
