5	Wow.  Just... wow.Located in an old 19th century farm house in semi-rural Conestoga, Rumbletum might be the nicest looking, coziest cafe / gift shop I've ever set foot in anywhere on the planet.  I went there for a boardgame event with 25 other geeks... most of these geeks are used to playing games in less-than-beautiful surroundings, and really don't care about a venue's appearance.  Still, many of them were simply blown away by Rumbletum.The owners, Quinn and Heidi, are friendly and personable, the sort that want to see you happy.  This is a refreshing change from the jaded, stand-offish service I'm becoming accustomed to in many Toronto shops.  It is mostly Heidi's shop -- Quinn contributes boardgame goodness at deeply discounted prices -- and her background as a graphic artist really shines through, from the meticulously scripted chalkboard menus to the quaint and quirky bathroom product display... in an actual bathroom.It's difficult for me to really classify Rumbletum in terms of its gift offerings, but home decor and art really seem to be the focus, with all manner of eclectic giftware to be found in nooks and crannies throughout the house.  This really is a shopping experience, where you can completely lose track of both time and purpose as you poke about and marvel at all the little goodies there are to find.As for the cafe side of things, damned if they don't make an assortment of ridiculously tasty grilled sandwiches (the veggie is divine!  $7ish as I recall), some killer chocolate chip cookies (85cents!), and a rather nice cup of java (with lots of choices that range from about $2-$4).  I didn't sample their other baked goods, but they looked rather epic -- the cakes in particular were begging to make me fat again.  Finally, they offer up loose leaf teas, a seasonal soup, milk shakes, smoothies, and ice cream to round out a focused, comforting menu that ties nicely to the space itself.  It's kind of like eating in your slightly oddball aunt's old house -- if your aunt was a graphic artist wanting to sell you amusingly offensive silk-screened toilet paper.In any case, I'll sum up Rumbletum thusly:1)  Gorgeous.2)  Tasty sandwiches and a good cup of joe.3)  Easy to spend two hours poking about a really cool boutique.4)  Local flavour and cool people.5)  Boardgames for sale.  Criminally cheap.5 stars.  I was blown away.
2	I am a person who gives all people the benefit of the doubt. I try not to judge people based off of the first even second encounter, but the third? Now I can make my judgment. The coffee and food is fabulous. Pastries are fresh, sandwiches are tasty  and coffee is done right. There is one major problem with Rumbletum and for me its a deal breaker and thats is the poor customer service and morose attitude from the owners. They have been unfriendly and miserable everytime my husband and I have gone to the cafe. We have not been welcomed with a smile once. They seemed inconvenienced  by taking our order And completely unresponsive to any small conversation or even friendly small talk. We don't expect too much from people but there are  certain courtesies that I expect from people in the customer service industry. Throwing my sandwich on the table while staring at the ground and turning around and walking away is rude and inconsiderate. We tried to play a game of cards and not let two sulky people bring us down but their bad attitude and grumpy demeanor managed to make us feel unwanted and uncomfortable, just wanting to eat and leave. If you hate your life so much you have to take down the patrons that are supporting your small business over any other place,  the why did you open a cafe at all? I gave two stars because they care about the quality of their coffee and food, but unfortunately caring about your customers is more important to me. We will not be returning to Rumbletum after three attempts at allowing the owners to show a shred of politeness. It's really too bad...they have so much potential.
4	Super cosy place on the main road in tiny Conestogo. They serve excellent sandwiches and baked items (we had a chicken sandwich and a blueberry crumpet) together with a good variety of cold and warm drinks. The staff was friendly and responsive, and I would like to give them extra credits for taking such an interest in our baby. They also sell a variety of ice creams which is is perfect for warm days, and the place is covered with nice decorative things that you can buy.
