5	Don't be intimidated by their massive granite storefront--the people inside are warm and friendly and incredibly helpful no matter what your business is. I brought in my handmade engagement ring to be sized down (after a terrible experience at Forbes Jewelry across the street--see my review for that) and the woman who helped me treated me like I brought in the Koh-i-Noor. Their repair shop will do anything, from fine jewelry to handmade jewelry to watch batteries. I don't have experience with purchasing from them, but after such a great experience with the repair shop I think I may go back for wedding bands.
5	The staff is attentive, is great about educating new buyers about diamonds, doesn't work on commission and is respectful of a maximum budget.
5	I went to get my new cheap watch resized and the old man there said it would be $10, which is completely reasonable. It took him 10 minutes and he even showed me how to work the watch! He told me I didn't have to pay for it :)Really great people there!
5	This place has such genuinely sweet employees!I brought my antique engagement ring to be resized the day after my fiance proposed. It almost fell off my finger and into the snow as soon as I said yes, so sizing was important to me!Since the ring's appraisal noted it had 5 chips in the diamonds, I was slightly embarrassed to bring it to such a fancy looking jeweler. I cannot notice the chips at all and think the ring is beautiful, and was so happy when their staff kept complimenting me on the beauty of the ring (They went out of their way to do so). I'm sure they sell much more flawless and expensive engagement rings, but there was no judgement or sales pressure whatsoever. I was also complimented on my "dainty" hands...Not something I've heard before, but the genuine compliments made my heart melt from such nice people. It was $65 for resizing (from a 7.5 to a 4.5), and I think they threw in a cleaning since the ring looked much cleaner and sparkled more than when I brought in (I didn't even know it was "dirty!). It took about 5 days, which I think was extremely reasonable for an antique, old European cut, diamond ring with such a drastic re-sizing. It now fits perfectly!
5	This jeweler is the best!  Too notch service, jewelry, and prices-- if you are in the market to buy, sell or trade up definitely check out orrs. I work w Marcella who is excellent.
5	We were out of town, but came here for our first "ring shopping" experience. Jennifer Powers approached us and gave us a lot of insight, was supremely friendly and exceedingly helpful. The jewels were exquisite, and even though we didn't purchase anything that day, we left with a much better idea of our options for a custom design. Our only regret is that we live 4 hours away, and cannot work as closely with them. You won't find a better service experience than Orr's.
1	When they figure out there's a second store over in Sewickley which was the one I visited then I can write a review on this jewelry store. i was not at this location on my visit so I cannot rate it at this time.
