4	If you're a fan of any of Pittsburgh's professional sports teams, this is a must-stop store for apparel and memorabilia. Even the players themselves have shown up before and signed the wall behind the register. This monstrous store in Station Square is stocked with jerseys, hats, Polo's, Tees, sweatshirts, jackets...pretty much anything you can put a logo on. Their inventory leans heaviest toward Steelers gear, then Penguins and lastly Pirates, although I'm sure there is much more interest recently than in past years. There is also a small section for Pitt Panthers gear. And of course, there's the clearance rack, which sadly was stuffed with Jordan Staal jerseys. Oh well...
4	If you're the fan of any Pittsburgh related or based sports team (especially the Steelers or Penguins) they definitely got you covered! I didn't know this many sports items for one team existed!! Really cool to go thru and check out. After all a while however, the black and yellow were getting to me, but if that's your colors, this is the place for you!
3	It's all things black and gold, blue and gold and whatever colors our professional and college teams wear. It's a dream of sports enthusiasts to be able to get that Steeler phone cover, that Penguins light switch plate and Pirates bib for the little buckaroos. How about a Pitt Panthers lamp for your desk? Got it! A Duquesne Dukes Bobblehead? Yep! A Pittsburgh Passion set of four espresso cups and saucers, really? No, but you get the idea. If it is black and gold and you can wear it on your person you'll find it here.
4	If they have put a team logo on it, you can find it here.  They have a huge selection of Penguins, Steelers, Pirates, Pitt and other local team merchandise.  The main large shop has jerseys, jackets, men's apparel and a lot of odds and ends.  Need a grill cover, grilling set and complete tailgate package for any of the Pittsburgh teams?  It is here.  Need a Steelers lawn gnome?  Yup, they have that too.  Wigs and funny hats?  Got that covered.  They also have more traditional sports items like mugs, key chains, etc.  Across the hall, they have women and children's items along with a sale room.  And who doesn't need a Steelers dress or a Penguins bikini?!  Overall, a great place to visit if anyone you love is a fan of Pittsburgh sports.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  They also validate your parking if you spend $50 or more which is a nice plus.
