4	Great place lots of options for pedicures all include mini massages and scrubs and everyone is very nice. One girl actually recommend some nail colors I didn't consider before but it turned out great and still within the theme I wanted. Mainly tho I come for the pedis they have citrus, pumpkin, yogurt, and a milk and honey one to name a few they all sound so luxurious! Definitely recommend
5	They did a beautiful job on my nails nice and relaxing place all very nice. Even did a fantastic job on my eye brow wax I love this place will go back for certain!  Made an appointment and got there early they helped me right away :) Nate did amazing on my bubble gum mickey nails :)
5	I've been coming to Nate for almost a year and I am always so pleased with my nails and toes! I get a pedicure monthly and my nails done every two weeks, Nate is always so wonderful. He's charismatic and funny, along with being amazing at what he does! I absolutely recommend this nail salon to everyone! :)
2	Unremarkable in every way. The place isn't relaxing and didn't seem very clean with dingey, stained towels at the nail stations and grimy dirty floor.  The nail technicians were not very personable. The quality and selection of nail polishes were poor. The woman who did my manicure rushed through it and more than once pinched my skin as she was cutting my nails. She didn't do a good job removing the old polish and didn't buff my nails. I don't think I will return there.
5	Omggg this was my first time here and i absolutely love Hannah! She is so good! My Friend referred me and i am so happy! The first time i called the owner answered and he was so nice and helpful, he made me feel very comfortable, and he said to bring in any picture and they can do the exact design on my nails! She did such a good job my nails look better than the picture that i brought in!yay thanks Hannah!
5	BEST pedicure I've had in Las Vegas - ever! Nate was so personable, funny and professional. He did an amazing job and was a pleasure to talk with the entire time. I will be going back again and again! Thanks Nate!
5	I recently moved here from a small town where I've had the same nail tech for 8 years. I was very hesitant, I don't like to be the problem customer but I have had bad luck so far here. I was very pleased when I walked in. The place was gorgeous and I was greeted by everyone! Hanna did my nails and they turned out amazing!! And you get a stamp card!! This will be my go to place for my daughter and I. I have already told so many people about the services they offer!!
1	I have going there for couple years and there is always new people and they are just slow. I don't have time to be sitting here for hours just for a pedicure. Plus I hate that they are close on Mondays and don't open until 10. This is a 24 hour town. Open at least at 9 am. Time to get to a new place
5	Been going to this nail salon over a year.  Before I was a loyal polished girl. I love how much detail and thought Hanna puts into each manicure I get. I'm by far hard on my nails.  I worked at a blow dry bar washing hair all day and using hair color, products and normal nail wear and tear I noticed no matter what I did my gel nails would peel or break until Hanna. She's been my saving grace,  her and ibd lol! I can always stretch out my appointments at least 4 weeks, I've been known to go 6 or 7 though and I've never returned with a messed up nail. Their instagram shows the artwork but the true test is when you have stiletto nails, no acrylics and just gel polish that last more than 4 weeks you know you found a nail salon to keep on speed dial! Plus they have over 25 pedicure choices. ..so many!! Prices are more than fair for the service and Nate always has music playing. They do eyelash extensions as well, haven't tried them but definetly interested!
