4	I'm always willing to check out an Aaron May concept. I loved Sol y Sombra up in DC Ranch, even though it was isolated in its island-like existence way up there. The food and atmosphere was primo, so when I heard he was opening up another tapas restaurant, I never had my doubts. Some holdovers from Sol y remain -- the patatas bravas, the pil pil, the sol y sombra -- but by and large, the variety on the menu (which isn't overwhelming by any means) is fantastic. Of the five plates I had, I sampled surf, turf, veggies, chutney and grilled bread. The trout, a nice-sized fillet for just $8, sits on a bed of chilled veggies in a summery vinaigrette, and is the best value on the menu. The filet mignon, a perfect medium rare spiral cut, also was a good value at $13 considering the plate size. I wish the cocktail menu offered more tequila-based drinks -- it's mostly rum -- but the Aqwa was something special (albeit bizarre): cacao and cane infused liqueur, caffeine, ginseng, guarana and lots and lots of juicy lime. The bartender told me most people have been afraid to order it, but I didn't hesitate. This kind of cocktail mastery belongs at May's other Old Town concept, Mabel's on Main.The atmosphere is decidedly Spanish -- high-energy Salsa music, tiled floors, vaulted ceilings and a cramped but effective bar area. The semi-outdoor patio looked interesting at a glance, and will be a hit on warm nights. I'm glad they left an understated remnant of the old Pitschke's that used to occupy the space -- a tiled accent beam that supports the roof. It adds some color, yes, but the ode to the space's history is a respectful touch.
4	Oh me oh my. Aaron May I am seriously crushing on your food. Now, I am not educated in the ways of tapas, but for that very reason I brought my friends Matt and Mitch with me as they know far more than I. Anyhow...here goes:Drinks: Iruna has an impressive wine list, with a wide variety for most any palette that walks through the door. If you can't find a glass you enjoy on this menu, then you need to re-evaluate yourself as a wine drinker. True to form, I went with the Castellar Cava, and it was perfect. I did notice that the drink menu offers several creative cocktails for those nights when you really want your happy hour to get happy :)Food: Mitch did a lot of the ordering, but what he did order was amazing! Aaron's take on the tomato mozz salad was done with a spanish cheese of some kind that you are going to have to go try for yourself because I can't describe its flavor exactly. Its so good! It was creamier than mozz, but had an extra flavor to it that I just cant describe. Aside from that I tried the goat cheese croquettas, the lamb and the brussel sprouts. Basically I was really hungry. Ok, the goat cheese croquettas...I was a little over powered by salt for some reason with this dish. Not really sure why. The lamb? Yes. Do it. Multiple times. I finished off this evening with the chocolate torta...which was practically orgasmic. Just enough, not too much, and very very sumptuous. The atmosphere: I want to dance a little when I hear the music in this place! The combination of music, lighting and color scheme will definately put you in a good mood. Its very open, and there is a high top that seats larger parties in the middle. Something about that table makes you want to invite your friends and your family to join you...while being very chic at the same time. For a first time tapas experience, I had a blast. Many more visits to come :)
4	I heard about this place from my girlfriend at work.  Once i realized it was in the old Pischkies location I was really curious to see what they had done to the place.  I don't think I have been in there since I was a pre-teen!  Wow what a difference It is a gorgeous restaurant!  I started with a caipirinha which was very refreshing... the perfect summer drink.  The Tapas dishes we tried were the Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas, Calamari con Pimenton and the Pil Pil (fish of the day) which was a trout dish.  All were really good and would love to come back to try more of the cold dishes since we seemed to stick to the hot side the first visit out:)  Stay tuned for a update:)
4	Oh Iruna you have captured my heart!  To start my friend and I had the tortilla espanola which had thinly sliced potatoes held together with a mixture of onion, paprika, and egg.  A lemon aioli was drizzled over the thick slice and it was a really great way to start our tapas feast.  The rest of the meal consisted of lovely mild potato/spinach/ cheese puffs served with a romesco sauce, chicken served is a spicy oil with a creamy sauce towards the center and topped with pickled onions * drool *, shrimp coated in spices and garlic, and ,of course, a pitcher of red sangria.  Our waitress was super sweet and very attentive.  Anytime our glasses were getting low she'd swing by our table to refill them.  With such good food and service I'll definitely be going back to Iruna soon.
4	I actually went twice in one week because this place is just that good.  Holy cow, everything on their menu is DELICIOUS!I probably tasted half their menu in those 2 excursions and everything was impeccable.  The servers are also really nice.  It's a bit expensive but totally worth it for how great the food is.  Perfect date night!The decor is very modern.  On a beautiful night, I definitely recommend sitting out on their patio.The only thing that knocks this down a star is their sangria.  It wasn't that good for a Spanish restaurant and I think a good sangria needs to be a staple in any tapas bar.  The first time I went to Iruna was on a Saturday night and it was packed and very loud.  You definitely need a reservation if you're going to go on a Friday or Saturday.
4	Just a quick note as I need to go back and fully experience the restaurant.  I stopped by especially to see my friend Holly.  You must ask for her as your server.  I had a great glass of Castellar Cava.  Holly was able to sit with me after work.  We ordered the scallops and trout.  Also, a side of the olives that were nicely touched with citrus peel and garlic cloves.  I really enjoyed the trout.   I need to go back when I have a couple of hours to lay back and dine.  Inside tip, sign up for their email list and receive a free pitcher of Sangria.
4	Sometimes you get lucky and find yourself in the right place at the right time.My girlfriend and I went over to Iruna after another event to check them out.  Lucky for us, it was the grand opening party and all the food and drinks were free.The paella was really good with lots of shrimp.  The tapas they passed around were tasty as well.  My favorites were the bacon wrapped dates and the tortilla espanola which is a traditional Spanish egg tapa.We liked both the red and white sangrias.This is a cool place and I'll be back to get some more Spanish food and wine very soon.
4	It was the summer of 1994... Salamanca Spain.I was there for a six week study abroad program, and I loved every moment of it, but I particularly loved the culture and the food!This all came back to me last night when I went to Iruna for their grand opening.  I felt like I was back in Spain as I drank sangria, people-watched, enjoyed the fabulous service, and of course, savored samples from Aaron May's latest menu...The tortilla espanola was my favorite, but I was also a fan of the gazpacho and the artichoke and clams.  One look at the regular menu and there is a ton more comida that I'll have to try.If you like any of the following, let me know:*ensalada de arroz con atun*pulpo a la gallega*paella*spinach and goat cheese croquettas*calamari con pimenton*gambas al ajillo*any / all of the vegetable sides - gotta get that verdura in!We can set up a tapas date and share!And it looks like their "hora feliz" (4:30 - 6:30 daily) has some awesome deals!I'd like to eventually travel back to Spain to relive that summer, but in the meantime, I look forward to making do at Iruna!
2	I was hoping that the food would be as great as the vibe this place offers, but in the end I was less than pleased.  We tried 4 different items and both agreed that only 1 of them was good at best and that we should stop ordering.I don't know much about the Basque region and their cuisine (Tapas) but I do know that if it consists of no flavor and no substance then Iruna does a great job at preparing this style of cooking. Overall I was very disappointed with the food, which is sad because I really wanted this place to serve great food.  If your going to serve finger foods (Tapas) then at least let the little niblets pack a mean punch of flavor.1 star for atmosphere 1 star for music No star for foodThis is only my opinion so don't let my review discourage you from trying it for yourself.Tony Shoes
3	Hmm, I'm mixed on this place.  The menu looked interesting, so I was excited to try it for a reverse HH on Saturday.  I was with a big party of about 15 people.   We sat at the bar and a long table in the middle of the restaurant.  They were totally understaffed, but the bartender was a trooper. She didn't even show her stress when we crowded the bar and all tried to order drinks at once.  It wouldn't be so bad, but all their specialty drinks were complicated and made with fresh fruit juice... not conducive to a busy bar.   Besides our group there weren't too many people in the place.  I ordered some goat cheese and spinach fried things and some warm olives.  The cheese crisps were overcooked, and the outside coating was burnt.  They were served with what appeared to be a red pepper hummus.  I believe they were cooked properly they would have been delicious.  I had a cairpirinha martini and it was very good. My bf had a mojito, he also enjoyed it.  I think Iruna has a lot of kinks to work out in order to be successful in this location, but I'll try it again in a month or so and see if it gets any better.
5	Went there last week for the second time. Amazing to see how much they stepped it up from the first time to the second time (in less than one months time). First time we loved the atmosphere and the service was great...but the food was mediocre.  Not entirely surprising for a new restaurant, I suppose. This last time - the food was the standout. Ever single item we had - and we had no less than 10 things from their tapas selection - was over the top fantastic. And the service remained at a high level. It's really nice to see those in charge be humble enough to know what isn't working and change it. Don't even know the details of what they tweaked and I don't really even care. I just care that the food is some of the best my wife and I have had in a very long-time.Kudos to Iruna!
3	Went to Iruna last wknd for reverse happy hour on a Saturday. It was my birthday, so i had a little over a dozen ppl with me.  This was our second stop and the intent was to try a new place, score some hh-priced drinks and maybe grab a bite if anyone was hungry. Mission accomplished!  I really dug the place. I like the modern and open feel to the restaurant and bar. It was just before 11 and there were no tables open for my large group, but that was fine since we were mostly drinking anyways. The bartender was cool and made us drinks as fast as we could order em. The Pomegranate Martini was da bomb! So good i had 2! Some friends ordered food and they said it was good, but i only tasted the potatoes (yummy). I was too busy being the birthday girl to eat. =)  Chatted up some ladies at the bar who ended up being off-duty servers at Iruna. They encouraged me to come back for dinner, which i expressed a desire to do, and even bought me a shot!  Once i get back here for dinner, i look forward to updating with more food details and awarding another star!
4	Very pleased with our first visit to Iruna. From atmosphere to food and service, it was a great dining experience. Ordered a variety of plates, but the asparagus (side), pollo colonial and patatas bravas were evening faves and will be repeat orders in the future.The only downer of the night was the lack of noise mitigation, which made it difficult to enjoy conversation through dinner. Hoping Iruna can resolve this soon, or future dinners will have to occur at the early-bird hours.
5	What can I say about Iruna except that I have thought about the food, literally, every day since I ate it. We went in on a Monday night for date night and had a fabulous experience from soup to nuts. Or Sangria to olives I should say. First off it is beautiful inside, very modern and minimalistic. I loved the open feel and the minute I saw the outdoor space, I began envisioning throwing a great party there. Even the bathroom sink was sleek and cool! Our server Andrew was a delight. Very knowledgeable and super attentive without being too hovery. After we placed our order, my husband asked him to pick a glass of red wine that he thought would compliment the food and what he brought did so beautifully. I chose the red sangria and although it was a little cherry heavy for me, I still finished the glass. Next time I will try the white. The food was out of this world. We ordered 9 different items and could have ordered 9 more but there was just two of us. The highlights were the brussel sprouts, the patatas bravas, and the croquettas. And the cheese platter you HAVE to get the cheese platter. I could go on and on but instead I will just say, go and try it for yourself. I promise you won't be disappointed.
4	Came here a few weeks ago and totally spaced on putting in my 2 cents...but so good!  went there with a few friends on a sunday night and the atmosphere was a little more relaxed so I'm excited to go on a busier night and see what the energy is like.  There food is over the top and they gave some great wine recommendations- we also tried their sangria which was delicious.  Really fresh food and fun to share with friends and try lots on the menu.
3	I would definitely go back! My friend had signed up for something and had a free pitcher of Sangria coupon, so we hung out during Happy Hour.  I ordered the tomato toast and gazpacho and enjoyed both. The tomato toast had a "sneaky" spice to it (probably just the garlic), and the gazpacho tasted as though it was made from fresh tomatoes. Between myself and two friends, we ordered 6 small dishes plus our dessert. The sangria was free, but I was pretty surprised when our bills were each only $12 or so.  The service was great, and the waiter at the bar constantly refilled our waters and/or sangria. The only complaint I would have is that during happy hour, you sit at the bar area. It was sometimes hard to hear and see everyone sitting like that. Also, parking can be messy in that part of Scottsdale. Luckily we avoided that due to the time of our arrival.  Also, they do not take Discover, which is my credit card of choice.Update: I think some of my other friends will probably not return now.  I went again with some friends for just a few things and Sangria. It was pretty much dead, yet we were rushed to pay our check. I was trying to count my cash, and the waiter kept asking for what we wanted to do. I asked if we could have some time, and it was like day to night - suddenly not so Mr. Friendly.  Ah well, I live in Phoenix.... not really in my neck of the woods.  After that, we got some stares from the staff, although the patio was completely empty - no one else was waiting!
3	Iruna has a way of sneaking up on you. At work, I developed a mad sangria craving after assigning a photographer to shoot some Tapas restaurants in NYC, then I stumbled upon a review of one of Iruna's signature tapas dishes. Sweet synchronicity.We arrived early for hora feliz and sat at the bar--either there or outside on the patio are the happy hour hot spots. We started off with the sangria, red was our choice. It was quite delicious and refreshing--as we neared the end of the pitcher, my friend grabbed my arm and announced: "We need to order another one!" Our tapas were the Pollo Colonial and the Patatas Bravas. Both were really tasty. The Colonial tasted like shaved thigh meat chicken, lightly battered, fried and doused in a spicy sweet syrupy sauce, then topped with pickled onions. The Patatas Bravas reminded me of perfectly cooked chunky home fries which are then covered in a savory spicy sauce. Yum. The bar staff was extremely attentive and friendly & the atmosphere is art gallery modern minimalist. Will definitely be back when the weather is a little nicer so I can take over their patio.P.S. It's already been mentioned, but make sure you sign up for their mailing list on their web site, in August you receive a coupon for a free pitcher of Sangria--the drink of the gods--a $20 value.P.S.S. They told me they have a reverse happy hour on Friday and Saturday nights.
4	Iruna is a great new venue in Old Town Scottsdale. Served up in a cool atmosphere they prepare delicious tapas and great wine. I highly recommend the Lamb, Tomato Salad, and Trout dishes. If you're not sure what to order the servers are very helpful and will point you in the right direction especially with wine tastings. If you plan on being there for a while though don't sit at the bar or a high top as the bar stools are horribly uncomfortable. My back still hurts.
4	We are big fans of Aaron May, so anticipation was high as we made our reservation for a Friday night at Iruna. We had mourned the loss of Sol y Sombra, so we were excited to see the similarities and differences of one of our all time favorite Valley restaurants. Right off the bat, the service hit the mark. Seated promptly, our server was busy, but made a point of stopping by and telling us she'd be right with us. Not long after, drinks were ordered and delivered (big plus!), and we were being walked through the menu. I think, in the end, we split about 6 different plates. The Gambas ah Ajillo (shrimp) and the Scallops were our favorites. They were simply amazing. The lamb disappointed a bit, unfortunately (Erik has VERY high mutton expectations!), but the pork loin, chicken meatballs and the spinach with chick peas were all fantastic. While 6 plates seems like a lot, the portions are small and we left with the rare feeling of having tasted so many wonderful & different flavors, yet not feeling like complete hogs! We enjoyed the meal so much that were back just a few days later. With a friend in town for business, we needed a place in Old Town that was unique, fun and where our friend had never been. We received tons of compliments from him on the food and ambiance. Somehow we managed to maintain our reputation of being in tune with all that's hip and delicious in the Valley. Thanks, Iruna, for making us look so cool!
5	Tried the Artichokes and Clams, as well as the Chicken Meatballs for the first time this weekend at Iruna...to die for. Absolutely to die for.
4	Cool place - great service from our bartender, great atmosphere and great happy hour = recipe for success!  Aaron May knows how to do it!
5	It's not too often that I give a restaurant five stars, but there was something about this place.We didn't have any reservations, and in fact had the intention of having dinner at a Japanese place, but we walked past Iruna twice before saying the heck with the original plans.  I am so glad we did.The hostess, our server, the food, the little cozy table on the patio with only a candle lighting our space somehow all came together to make me feel very special.  Sometimes, it's not just about the food and more about how you feel while you're eating it.  I definitely have a sweet spot for Iruna now.  But enough with the mushy stuff and on with the review!Hostess: A+Even though we didn't have reservations, she was very polite and accommodating.  We didn't have to wait more than five minutes (although please note it was a Tuesday evening).Server: A+As first-time guests, we weren't familiar with the menu and our server did an amazing job with all his recommendations!  There wasn't one dish we didn't practically lick clean.  He also knew just the right number of times to check in with us.  Loved that.Food: A+-Sliced Apples, Fennel, and Walnut Grapefruit Salad: very interesting combination that surprisingly worked!-Asparagus con Romesco: perfectly cooked-Tomato, Onion, and Naval Cheese: some of the best heirloom tomatoes I've ever eaten-Spinach and Goat Cheese Croquettas: I wish we had ordered more of these!-Chistorra (Spanish chorizo): a little bit on the salty and dry side, but still good-Alaskan Halibut Pil Pil: my favorite of the evening - SO GOOD!Ambience: A+I know they have some really big inviting booths for indoor seating, but I am all about the outdoor seating option.  It was late in the evening, the stars were out, soft music playing in the background, and candlelight... just perfect.I really hope I'll get the chance to come back here...
3	When stepping into the open and contemporary space at Iruna, one gets a small taste of Barcelona.  Exposed brick is on one wall, covered with abstract art which is something one can see throught the city .  Wooden beams run across the exposed ceilings.  A wall mural depicting "La Seu" cathedral brings the concept home.We started the tasting adventure with their signature "Ginger limonata" (sky Ginger vodka, muddled with candied Ginger, fresh lemons, lemonade, and Sierra mist ) and a Red sangria (wonderful bouquet and spicy taste with its 5 different types of brandy, still Spanish wine, oranges, lemons, limes, and apples)Next came the chilled vegetable soup, "Gazpacho" which has a tart flavor and is very robust for being a chilled soup.  Not my cup of soup...However, what followed after made up for it completely.  Possibly my favorite item on the menu was the bacon wrapped bleu cheese and date, a gorgeous flavor combination.The taste barometer went down a notch again with the Chistorra - a Spanish chorizo braised in cider with crisp baby artichokes.  Perhaps it was the way the chorizo is prepared, but it was too dry and too spicy.  The smokey flavor would indicate that the sausage had been smoked, explaining why it was so dry - I think the chorizo wanted a partner with more flavor, not the artichoke.Other menu items that were sampled were the toast with asparagus and romesco sauce, Serrano ham, as well as the roasted eggplant with tomato, onion, and peppers.Seafood paella with shrimp, mussels, and calamari was also on the menu, though something was lacking with the flavor.The highlight of this tasting experience were the Patatas bravas (a crunchy, well seasoned potato with paprika) and the cauliflower in parsley broth (huge fan!!!)  These were two menu items that I sorely missed when Sol Y Sambra closed its doors at Market Street.  Now, luckily, the tapas are back.  There are many more items of note on their menu, many of them seafood and beef.  Our particular visit was part of an event where a selection of items from their menu were provided for sampling.  We will return to explore all of the flavors Iruna has to offer.
2	So here's the scenario:A foodie website with lots of citizen reviewers is holding an event at your restaurant.  You go in knowing the people at the event will in all likelihood write reviews of your restaurant.Do you:A. Treat the attendees as if you are doing them a favor, run out of food early and generally put out the feeling that you would like the whole ordeal to be over as fast as possible so you can get these folks out of your establishment.B. Seize the opportunity to put your best foot forward and capitalize on the opportunity to present your great food and friendly, professional staff to the reviewing community, in the hopes of receiving praise and business in return.If you chose B you do not run Iruna.To be honest, I am not privy to the negotiations and such that go on between Yelp and a restaurant hosting an event.  I do however have a solid grasp of business and marketing.In my opinion, Iruna's behavior at the recent Yelp event reflected answer A above rather than B.  It was unfortunate.  The food varied from good to mediocre.  I heard some folks got more than a few morsels, I'm not sure who they were.I experienced attitude from staff members myself and witnessed a number of other people receive the same.  I was frankly quite surprised.  It was clear to me the staff did not grasp the opportunity they were presented with and viewed the event as a problem to get through.As a contrast, I attended a Yelp event at The Breakfast Joynt over a year ago. The staff and management was pleasant and welcoming and the food was very good.  I have returned to The Breakfast Joynt 6-7 times since the event.I won't be back to Iruna.
5	Decided to try something different for dinner this Saturday and made a reservation at Iruna.      Excited to try some Tapas, I ordered a variety of cold and hot dishes.  They came out quickly and were all very tasty.  Patatas Bravas is my favorite food EVER!     Liquor was on the menu for this Saturday night and I had a nice Spanish beer, followed by a well made Gin drink.  Table guests all enjoyed their drinks as well including a really fantastic martini looking drink.      Tapas is a food we need more of in the USA.  My visit to Madrid, Barcelona, and other cities in Spain in 1990 introduced me to this wonderful food.  I still yearn for a "Tapas Bar" like they have all over Spain.     Architecturally Iruna was terrific.  A touch noisy inside but generally a great layout with a killer outdoor patio.      Coctails now flowing and fresh Tapas every few minutes... what more could a person want!  Unfortunately the "Tortilla Espanola" was 86'd.  Will have to come back for that soon.    My only complaint, the pork loin (Lomo) was a bit dry.       Healthy food is not only about ingredients and technique, but also portion control.  We were all happy to share a few smaller plates and not have to waddle out the back door.     Iruna is a great addition to the Phoenix scene, cant wait to try their other restaurant.ITB.
5	Eat, drink, repeat.  This was a wonderful dinner.  We started with the tortilla espanola and my friend who went to Spain recently said it was better than what he had in Spain.  I ordered the Salpicon de Congrejo and it was very light and refreshing.  The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable and down to earth.  We then ordered the Pollo colonial and lomo con romesco.  The flavor was beyond belief, it was so pleasing to the palate.  My chicken had this wonderful crispiness that was yet still delicate and flavorful.  My glass of malbec was really good.  The owner also came to our table and asked how everything was and apologized for it the restaurant temperature being too cold, but we did not find it cold, so it was great to meet the owner.  To top it off I had a an almond desert that was unique.  The music and atmosphere was perfect,  I can't wait to come here again, I know some folks have mentioned the portion sizes ,but I found the key is to order a number of dishes together and share.  Lastly, thanks groupon for the introduction, this place really stands out.
4	Very good food. We had tortilla espanola, which was good but would have preferred it with chorizo on it.  We also ordered the spinach and goat cheese croquettes, which were delicious albeit too small a portion (only 3 in the order), and the mushrooms with garlic and olive oil. Those were unreal, and I'm usually no fan on mushroom.  We also had the short rib special (the only non-tapa in the menu)and it was amazing.  Sangria was very good too.It's a little bit pricey, especially for tapas, but the quality is excellent.
4	Let's start with a confession. Tapas kind of scare me. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but the small portions scare me. With that being said my boyfriend and I left Iruna completely satisfied both in our minds and in our bellies. The service was great. We arrived late for our reservation and I thought they would have canceled it by then, but nope they seated us right away. We ordered the tortilla, which was as good as the ones in Madrid, croquettes, octopus salad, pollo, and the lamb. It was all delicious. They staff was friendly and even the manager came around to make sure we were attended to. I will def come again. PS. the seating outside is very comfortable when you sit in the booth.
2	Wow, this place was a disappointment. A group of us ended up here around 10pm on a Friday night. We were seated pretty quickly. The menu looked good, but was very limited for a tapas place. We ordered a couple bottles of wine and started to order food and the first 2 things we asked for on the menu, they were out of. Really? I mean if you only have a handful of things on the menu, you might want to make sure you don't run out of anything. We finally decided on some plates to share and to say that they were small is an insult to all things small. It would be one thing if it was small and the best thing I had ever eaten, but most of it was mediocre at best. The other thing, there was almost no bread served with dishes. It's tough to sit around, talk and enjoy yourself when the portions are are only a couple of bites. God forbid you actually come here for dinner instead of a snack, you'll drop a hundred bucks a person to get full. If you want a good Spanish inspired meal, skip this place and walk a couple blocks over to The Mission, you'll be glad you did.
3	Perhaps it was because my first meal at Iruna occured literally less than an hour after I got off the plane from my trip to Barcelona, but I was unimpressed with the food I had a chance to sample.The artichoke croquettes were tasty, but the gambas con ajo just ok and the tomato salad was covered in so much oil and onion that it was rendered virtually inedible (and I love onion) I also ordered the cheese plate with roasted beets but that never showe up, and by the time I could flag down the bartender to ask about it, we had been ready to leave for 20 min.I LOVED Sol y Sombra, and I love tapas in general....so I am willing to give this place a second chance, but Tapas Papas Fritas, which is less than a mile from Iruna, offered, IMO much better tapas....minus the fake Scottsdale scene and inattentive staff.
5	This is one of the best things to happen to old town in quite awhile - and a damn fine tribute to the hallowed ground of Pischke's Paradise. Iruna offers some seriously good food, a modern euro-lounge atmosphere, great cocktails (Try the "Ginger Lemonado"), and a really comfy patio. The staff are passionate, talented, and eager to please.
5	Yummy!  Great ambience, awesome customer service, and delicious food.  We were pleasantly surprised at how tender and affordable their organic short rib special was.  The tortilla espanola was perfect and the gambas were delicious.
2	I would give this place more stars if the prices were lower or the food was better. Unfortunately, expensive prices for mediocre food is not for me.We tried 5 dishes here, and neither of us were excited about any of them. The calamari was bland and rubbery, the patatas (although cooked very well) were doused in too much sauce, and the cheese croquettes were just okay. The filet was the best thing we ordered, and it was pretty good. The creme brulee dessert was not very good.Our server was very friendly, but the server for nearby tables was quite loud and annoying.All in all, I would have been pretty happy if our food cost half as much as it did.
3	Did anybody have their Sangria?  Yeah my first drink from Iruna's and I fell in love.  I don't drink much fruity drinks these days, but I don't mind it here.  I can dig the food -- tapas, but I can't say I'm overwhelming wow'd by this place.  I kinda had high expectations, but I guess I shouldn't have.  The food was cooked to perfection, but it just didn't make my palates want to party.  I actually enjoyed it when my food got cold --weird!  The atmosphere is probably the best Iruna's can offer -- its underground swanky chill feel seduces my senses -- whoa!  Oh behave....!  Our service was great and it's always great every time I've attended - kudos my fellow waiters and waitresses - for I once was a great waiter :) - Enjoy!
2	I won't spend too much time on this review because I don't particularly want to relive my evening again, but I can say this was my second and last trip to Iruna.  Tomato bread had no tomatoes, calamari was soggy and had no flavor (had to ask for salt and lemon), and HH specials were not offered (only available at the bar/patio--despite not saying that anywhere on the menu or website).I'll give them credit for a solid snapper dish (at $5 a bite), and the server did recommend a nice tempranillo (although 2nd on his list behind the $15/glass of course).  The place was pretty empty until 9:00 on a Friday, and the menu is fairly limited and pricey for what you get.Some may enjoy this place, and although there was nothing traumatic about my dining experience Iruna is just a "miss" for me.
4	RIP Sol y Sambra and welcome Iruna to Old Town.  This place is to me what Scottsdale is all about.  Amazing decor, great food (tapas (although it is not very large)), and a patio that is cooled...how "cool" is that?  This is a great place to eat every so often since if you eat there enough, it wont be long before you kind of have eaten everything a few times.  Since the menu is not too different from Sol y, it has not been on the top of my list since I dined so often at Sol y.  If you havent been go...its too bad that the other yelpers who rated this place had a bad time....I have yet to be disappointed.
2	Sorry Iruna, I can't give you the  "Just opened Pass" anymore.  In an attempt to give Iruna a redemption from our first visit, my hottie and I met up with another couple for "happy hour".  As it turns out,  we were unable to get HH pricing because we were sat at a table inside. We requested outside seating but the host said, "I don't think we have anything outside" If I knew that was going to be a $50 difference in my bill, I would have made him check! The good: 1. Wine selection2. Red SangriaThe bad.... 1. Pan con Tomato... oops they forgot the tomato, garlic and salt, so I basically got bread!2. Spinach and goat cheese sticks... burnt once again, I mean even Arby's has mastered frying cheese!3.  The prices are ridiculous for the small portions and quality. I don't mind spending  over $100 on a meal for two people and hardly getting any food, if  1) every bite is savory and delicious or 2) if it's a really cool place. Iruna is neither of these! In fact we left , went to RnR and got more food.
4	Gosh - so we were in Phoenix for a weekend: knowing no one - we had to figure this out all by ourselves....it is easy Phoenix is um well different, let's just leave it at that. So through some research, instinct and guessing we found Iruna-a breath of fresh air!Just to get this out of the way: I only gave four stores because the cocktails were poor quality- this is 2011 if you want to be swank get you a mixologist today.Back to the good stuff - the cutest hostess if not the cutest woman in all of phoenix greeted us with a SMILE and a can do unassuming I am going to take care of you attitude (reminder this is phoenix). Place was cute yea yea the Miro mural is cliche (but this is phoenix). While I think it is super wasteful to offer outside seating and then provide propane heaters (this is phoenix) and it was super cute outside and the music was loungey and perfect for our evening - oh hey and uncute but super informed server.Now for the food - yea! real food ! roasted quail=perfect PEREFCT - crispy, juicy, tender, yummy - duck confit with pear and some super special almond yumm (note to chef crumble/break the almonds for flavor and sharing)Grilled baby octopus, not very localvore, but impressed that this is even on the menu (this is phoenix) and lovely!gosh did I mention the quail? We had a lovely cheese plate, brussel sprouts, gosh calamari and yea we ate way too much and it was all super - we will go back next time we are in Phoenix!So then Chef Brian stops by our table asks us about our food we explain how thankful we are to have found such a spot and the food is yummy good great portions and he invites us to Mabel's on Main-rewrite he drives us to to Mabel's on Main.Stop in - order wine not cocktails - you will have a super meal....Note to the nosy middle aged couple next to us - yes we are gay yes we are biracial please stop staring (oh yea this is phoenix).
4	Excellent service and good wine. Spinach and goat cheese croquettes really good. Egg potato tortilla bland.
3	Iruna is good enough to draw me back, but I'm still seeking a 4- or 5-star tapas place in Scottsdale.  We went on a Tuesday night and had no problem getting seated outside. We had a pitcher of sangria (great), the gazpacho, chistorra, Serrano ham, spinach & goat cheese croquettas, gulf snapper, lamb chops, sol y sombra, and mel i mato.  The most disappointing was the croquettas, the most memorable was the sol y sombra.  Otherwise everything was OK but not memorable.  To rate higher, the menu needs to be longer and somewhat lower priced.
3	ll the items on the menu sounded good, but nothing jumped out as "must try". Our dinner reservation was at 8:30, but we got there early. The bar seats were all taken and the area didn't seem inviting so we went elsewhere for a drink. We got back at 8:30 and got seated at a dirty table. We ordered a sangria which was not great (I'm kind of a sangria snob). It was very  heavy on brandy or some other sweet liquor. We ordered the Tortilla Espanola and Artichokes and Clams, but they were both sold out. We ended up with the Spinach and Goat Cheese Croquettas, which we liked. We also ordered the Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp had great flavor), Calamari (ok, but lay off the mayo (aoili) served with all seafood), and Pollo Colonial (was the best). The portions were not small, but for the price, I'm not sure we were greatly satisfied. Overall, the experience was only ok.
4	I enjoy this place.  I think it is the best Sangria in town.  The Pollo Colonial is a dish that I actually crave.  I hear people say "it isn't REAL tapas", and they are right.  It is contemporary tapas.  They put some new twists on tapas.  If the prices were just a little lower, I would give it 5 stars, but I am price conscious.  I can't say I have had one bad dish there, but some do rise above the others.  It is also a good place for patio dining, and the decor is more sophisticated than other tapas places in town.  There are some nights that Iruna won't be the best place to go, and others when it is perfect, and it depends on your mood, and the mood of the people you are with.  Think tapas with style, and that is Iruna.  4.44449 stars from me.
4	Went there for a second time on Sunday.  The first time I came, I was underwhelmed.  I think the problem was that I went with only one other and this time I came with 5 others.  It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and over pitchers of Sangria ($20.00 specials on Sunday) and copious amounts of food I rediscovered the restorative quality of good food and great friends.  Had serrano ham and manchego with quince paste, pollo colonial (my favorite), lamb with mustard and mint, pan con tomate, quail with lentils and chicken drumettes.  With the exception of the drumettes (which tasted like overly fancy buffalo wings), the rest of the food was exceptional.  Small portions, yes.  A smidge pricey yet, but the communal feeling of being with your good friends in the open air sharing vino and small plates is priceless.
4	Quick review: Great food, service and ambiance.  However, it's not cheap, and it helps to eat something beforehand, or else you'll be quite hungry (or poor) when you leave.  I received a coupon for a free pitcher of sangria at Iruna as a consolation prize from a terrible breakfast at Over Easy.  I sat on the coupon for about 6 months (there was no expiration date), until I decided one day that no coupon with a $32 value should go unused. I asked around, and those who had been there before urged me to eat something beforehand.  "My wife and I spent over $100 there when we went," one acquaintance proclaimed.  "And I was STARVING when we left.  It was good though."  Other comments were similar, so I grabbed a sandwich at Chik-Fil-A before heading to the restaurant.I'd made a reservation, and the two of us were seated immediately at a very large U-shaped booth that required us to sit next to each other so we could talk clearly.  This worked well, since we were sharing everything.  The (free!) white sangria was delicious and gigantic - we left at least a couple of glasses unconsumed at the end of the evening.We split four dishes - the apple-grapefruit-fennel salad, the gazpacho, calamari and scallops.  All were cooked and flavored wonderfully, and though the plates were small, they were not minuscule or microscopic.  I'd say that if you go there on an empty stomach, 4 plates would probably be enough per person.  Had I not eaten before, I probably would have ordered a couple more items.Although we had a small order and it was a Saturday night, at no point did it feel like we were being rushed.  Our server was knowledgeable and polite, and our food came promptly.  Also, the booth was on a far wall of the restaurant, so we got to people-watch and soak in the atmosphere of the place, which was quite pleasant.Thanks to the coupon, the bill was almost 50% less than it would have been otherwise.  Given that that averages to around $10 per plate, be ready to drop some serious cash if you're with a large group or a hungry companion.  I'll probably be back, but I might wait until I get a raise at work (or at least a paycheck) before I return.  If you can afford the bill and want a bunch of tasty things to try, I would definitely recommend it.
2	I can't believe people have fallen for this place....a nice looking dining room does not make a good restaurant.The Tapas restaurant in little old Fountain Hills puts this place to shame.  Do not order any of the cocktails...they are all just basically drinks that have juices in them so you can't tell there is little to no alcohol (not to mention they then charge you nine dollars for it)There is a specific smell of cat urine/or litter box in the corner of the patio area, I couldn't tell if it was coming from the cushions or the faux grass area....alas it must have been the cushions...because my jacket smelled like it when I got home (and I do not have a cat).The food is so so...not horrible....but not outstanding....and when I spend 140 for dinner i expect to remember it when I walk out the door...
4	I've been missing Lola's Tapas for about a year now and have been in search of  a new Tapas place. Tapas Papas Fritas is good, but more formal than Iruna. Iruna felt more casual while still being trendy and nice inside. The sangria was muy yummy. I recommend signing up for their e-mail list, better yet- I recommend signing up for ALL email lists (you almost will always be rewarded with something gratis). Anywho, I recommend Happy Hour to dip your feet in the water. You like, go back for dinner! What I ordered (and will most likely order the next time I go back):Serrano and Manchego- so simple, yet so yummyArtichokes and Clams in white sauce- this was an interesting choice for us, but I was very pleased. the white sauce wasn't overpowering as it sometimes isPollo Colonial- a fantastic alternative to wings- don't get confused. They are nothing like regular wings, but do use chicken wing meat in a great aioli type sauce Patatas Bravas- papas weren't dry or overcooked. The sauce was interesting, it was like an explosion of pimenton, but i like pimenton so it worked.
3	I suddenly only remember the music; which was amazing. The outdoor area was really relaxing after a long flight from Seattle. Broccoli; umm... not that great. Food was really not all that impressive. The atmosphere won me over. Not sure I would go back.
3	The diver scallops were delicious and the mussels were awesome! The service was terrible! The atmosphere is great, but our waiter sucked! He was rude and lazy! I went there for my friend's 40th bday and the server became flustered and nasty by the end of the party!
5	After being open for a year I finally made it to Iruna. What I have been missing for a whole year!  It was sooo good. Great Happy Hour. Our bartender, Quinn was exceptional, very well informed. Every dish we had was delicious and beautifully presented. I can hardly wait to return for dinner.
3	I am beginning to think I am high maintenance or just have too high of expectations - everyone has talked this place up, but I really wasn;t that impressed....The decor is great - the patio is a nice touch - don't know how great it will be in the summer - they say it is air controlled, but not sure how well that would work.The shocking thing is that when we ordered the much hyped sangria - it wasn't hand made - it was a premade sangria bottle - something you could get at the grocery store for $10 a bottle - adding fruit doesnt make it any better...We ordered the spinach and goat cheese croquettas (good), gambos al ajillo (good) the pollo colonial (the star of the meal), some other items and the brussel sprouts with thyme (way TOO much vinegar drowning the sprouts and no thyme)For dessert we ordered the cheesecake with figs in a red wine sauce - this was amazing and I would return only to eat this and the pollo colonial.
2	A huge disappointment.  I had been looking forward to getting to Iruna and experiencing what I thought would be an experience to all the good food, service and times once had at Sol Y Sombra.  Joke was on me and my friends!  I would give the service 1 star, but because a few of the dishes were very tasteful, I am giving two stars.  The waiter was nice, but did not belong in the service industry.  He called us "dudes" (I wasn't on the beach and he wasn't wearing swim trunks, no need for "dude"), he kneeled on the table bench directly behind us, basically breathing down my neck when he talked (gross), never asked us how the food was, even when we didn't touch more than 2 pieces of the calamari (that was saturated in oil and desperately needed a few squeezes of lemon).  He took dishes away that we were not finished with.  The food was good - some dishes were great and some were not good at all.  The romesco sauce served with the croquettas was delicious! I could have eaten just a side of the sauce alone.  It has just enough spice and the flavors were spot on.  The trout was another delicious dish.  The fish was cooked to perfection and everything on the plate hit the palette in all the right places.  The calamari was awful.  It was over fried, and instead of serving with a lemon wedge, was served with a citrus aioli - the concept would have been great if worked with the dish. Even after taking the lemon from my water and squeezing on the dish, it was not appetizing.If you check them out online and want to go try them for happy hour - sit at the bar (maybe on the patio, I didn't ask) but we were seated in the actual dining area and then told the HH menu was only available at the bar.  No biggie, but not the best way to attract repeat customers.  The space itself is very nicely decorated, it was comfortable and had a lot of details that worked well with the rest of the decor.  Overall, I think they did a great job with the space, if they tweaked just some small things with some of the food items, they could make them much better and as for service - contrary to popular belief, just because you're in Scottsdale, doesn't mean your staff should be wearing Ed Hardy t shirts and calling customers "dude".
4	Great tapas. Favorites were the lamb and quail. The plate of chorizo was a little too much chorizo without anything else going on.
4	Went here for a Wednesday happy hour and found a great new spot for drinks and tapas! After a few attempts at finding a refreshing, crisp, dry white wine, my friend and i settled on their white sangria. It was delicious. I would've preferred a nice Sauv Blanc, but the sangria was fruity and not too sweet, so it worked out. Their snacks were delicious! We tried the artichokes and clams and the serrano ham with manchego cheese. Very tasty and during happy hour, a great deal! I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their tapas plates and a glass of their red sangria or a nice Spanish wine.And if you do find a wine you enjoy, Wednesdays are 1/2 price bottles!Overall the decor was really nice and everyone was very friendly. I saw their patio through a door, but didn't get outside to check it out up close. I will say that their bar stools are not very comfortable.
1	I went here with Friends last Friday.  All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 1 star place.  It was a huge disappointment after looking at the positive reviews.  Our 1st disappointment came because they had a "limited" beer list.  My good buddy just wanted an IPA and all they had was the normal domestic beers and a few other quality ones.  Then, the Spanish ham was not very good and once you take into account the price it was terrible.  We had a sausage plate where the sausage was dry.  The Calamari was extremely oily.  The only positive thing was the lamb chops but once you factor in price that was poor too.  We all came to the conclusion we would never go back.
3	Checked out Iruna for the first time and I enjoyed myself! I got a little lost trying to find it so just note that it's right on Scottsdale Rd, right next to RA, facing north (hope that helps!). While there, I shared a few tapas with a friend: * Sliced apples, fennel, walnut with grapefruit (didn't realize fennel was so delicious, especially made like that!) * Spinach and goat cheese croquettas (only thing to compare it to is a fancy mozzarella stick but so much better!) * Patatas Bravas (I love me some potatoes and these were in some kind of creamy sauce that was divine!) We had one other tapas that was mahi mahi I think. For not being a big fish eater, I thought it was nicely cooked and just the right amount of flavor. It made me open to trying other dishes like it! Cool little place that doesn't make you feel like you are in the heart of downtown Scottsdale. I think there is a coupon on restaurant.com that I'll go find before coming back again.
3	Went here for Arizona Restaurant week. Had a perfect tapas! Started with teh Sliced apple fennel/walnut and grapefruit salad adn was so delish. I'm a total Lamb person, so had to try that. I was certainly not disappointed. it was tender and juicy - not overcooked. We also had teh Chistorra, and the chorizo was just spicy enough without overpowering any of the artichokes.
5	My mother likes this place.  She says the tapas here are better then what she finds at a tapas bar in Chicago (where she is from).
5	I am so excited to know that they kept some of the favorites from Sol Y Sombra. For about a year I would mourn the death of Pollo Colonial but now I know its alive and well.We went a couple of week ago and had a conversation with the owner. Good atmosphere, great food, and well worth the drive.
4	I hadn't been to Iruna since the Yelp Event last year. We made reservation for a party of 8 and were seated immediately upon our arrival.It was awesome to go with a big group because I was able to sample almost everything on the menu. A few of my favorites:Dates  - Everything is better wrapped in bacon.Chistorra - Spanish chorizo, while a tad hard the flavor was excellentScallops with White Asparagus - Perfectly cookedBrussel Sprouts - Roasted with ThymeGambas - Big and juicyTrout - Very moist and the rub was smoky and spicyI was also pretty amazed by both the quail and the duck. Each are items I would not normally order, and each were delicious. Actually, I think the quail was once of my favorites that night. The service was excellent, our drinks were always full, and the food timing was perfect. We finished off with a shot of espresso and were off to enjoy the rest of our evening.I have to remember to come back for  1/2 Price Bottles of Wine on Wednesday's!!
3	Keep in mind it is Tapas and the food was good. The bacon wrapped dates were good along with the scallops. The filet mignon was good but not I've never seen filet mignon so small. The lamb with mustard mint was interesting. For the price... I could have went to Mortons.
5	Food, Service, Ambiance: EXCELLENT!Menu Item Recommendations: Serrano Ham & Manchego, Chistorra, Spinach & Goat Cheese Croquettas, and Brussel Sprouts with Thyme.Their red sangria is quite good; get a pitcher :)
3	3 friends and I went for restaurant week.  Iruna has great ambiance and charm.  The service was top-notch, and our server made excellent wine recommendations.  The desserts were amazing.  The other food was just ok.  Here's what we had:tapas - tortilla espanola (which was complimentary) was delicious; chistorra (chorizo in cider w/ baby artichokes) was also good; pan con tomate was surprising because it didn't seem to be tapas.  rather it was huge chunks of grilled bread that didn't work well to distribute flavors and was oily.entrees - trout with salsa navarra, eggplant, roasted peppers, onion and tomato was very nicely cooked and had a nice balance of flavors.  filet mignon with tomatoes and salbitxada was order medium rare but delivered very well done and over-salted.  It was refired, and v2 was the right temperature but still over-salted.  we glanced at the patio on the way out which looks fantastic.  We return to try some other tapas and sangria on their outdoor couches.
4	Came Saturday night for Restaurant week. I had the gambas as an appetizer and the lomo as my entree. Ben ordered the pork belly as an app(which doesn't appear to be on the usual menu) and the filet for dinner. The shrimp were delicious but the sauce they came with was really thick and mayo-y. The pork loin was ok, but I wished I'd ordered the Filet, same as Ben. The filet was really well seasoned and delicious! We ordered a bottle of wine.The atmosphere was really great. I'd try it again for happy hour sometime and get some cocktails that looked so good!
5	The first time I strolled into this lovely place - I was blown away. People here are so friendly and inviting and I cannot get enough of it. Iruna has the best Sangria of all time. Most restaurants add soda to Sangria - it should never be made that way but Iruna does not - they actually know what they are doing. Food - One Word - AMAZING!I had so many dishes here - happy hour boasts lots of discounts. I ended up sharing with other people at the bar - everyone is very inviting and almost like family. Highly recommended.
4	I love this restaurant! The tapas are great I really loved the cauliflower dish. I am looking forward to going back. The decor is also very nice. This is on my top ten list of places to eat :)
5	Good place.  Mother was impressed with the tapas.  To her, the only place that tops this is a tapas bar she went to in Madrid.
3	Warning: This review is mostly based on service and lack of information, rather than food!We came here for happy hour and I was going to give this place 4 stars, but they get minus 1 for not advising us where to sit for happy hour prices... and no, I didn't think to ask "geee...what is the designated happy hour seating?" We were the first people there and they just told us to sit where ever we wanted. Also, by the time we left, there was only one other couple and they were definitely not getting the happy hour prices either.Note: Happy hour seating is ONLY at the bar and bench.The food and selection was tasty but I've had better in San Diego. I guess I need to try the other tapas joints in the area to provide a better comparison. And I do agree with others that it is a bit pricey, but some of the dishes were worth it. The red sangria was lack-luster. The lamb was good, but small for the price. The croquettes were a little bland. I think my favorite was the Patatas Bravas with was just roasted potatoes covered in a tomato sauce. It was very basic but tasty and satisfying. The bill came to approx ~$60 without tip, and when we checked the happy hour prices on some of the items we ordered, we ended up paying an extra $20 at least to sit at a table instead of the bar.
3	Same owners as Sol Y Sombra; unfortunately not the same magic.    Sol Y Sombra (now closed) was one of my favorites - great tapas and just a super cool vibe.  Perhaps I was just lucky on my Sol Y Sombra visits but the tapas at Iruna didn't impress. Atmosphere-wise, Iruna does have some interesting points but overall came off sterile and cold with almost no vibe at all; their seating definitely being a big part of this.  If I recall correctly the setup I got was basic booth on one side - minimalist chairs on the other.   Contrast this to the warm sexy vibe of Sol Y Sombra with their big inviting booths and dark club like atmosphere.  Being in Old Town Scottsdale, Iruna has the area appeal but at the same time is on the Southern end so it misses the Northern action. Service was very good and plates came up fast so no complaints there but it just didn't make up for the mediocre taste and restaurant feel.Recommendation: There is a lot of hype around this place which I simply don't get.  Try going some day but don't put on your short list; there are better places to try first. DISHES SAMPLED*** Bacon Wrapped Dates ***I love bacon wrapped dates.   These though were just OK; not as good as the ones I've had back home in Chicago.  I found the cheese (Gorgonzola or some blue variant???) to not blend and to be a bit overpowering.   I also thought the dish overall were just a touch too dried out.*** Scallops with Ajo Blanco ***This was probably my favorite dish of the night.   Still not extraordinary.*** Gambas al Ajillo *** Looked great but the Shrimp were somewhat tough and overall the taste just didn't pop.*** Snapper dinner entree ***A close second to the Scallops but visually could have been more appealing and as with the Shrimp was a touch bland.*** Tortilla Espanola ***An egg and potato dish; again just OK.*** Chistorra ***This braised Chorizo dish may mislead some; the Chorizo is not tender and juicy as some may think from the "braised" description.  Regardless, I found this dish to be quite tasty though it won't be to everyone's liking.*** Patatas Bravas ***This item was the big surprise to me and not because it was good but because I had such higher expectations.   Come on!   This is a simple dish and Iruna comes with so much talk: "OpenTable Diner's Choice", "2010 Phoenix Magazines Best New Restaurant", etc.  To not get this one right is just mind boggling.   The potatoes were dry, the dish was extremely oily, and the flavor almost no kick.  Hey, do I see a pattern here?*** Pollo Colonial ***I found this chicken dish dried out and extremely salty.  Wasn't horrible but I certainly wasn't craving more or even wanting to finish for that matter.  Also, didn't the description say sweet and sour????*** Red Sangria ***Bad sangria  at a Spanish tapas restaurant is like the kiss of death. Iruna you broke my heart, you broke my heart.     OK, that may be overplaying it a bit but I wasn't impressed.
4	Iruna is swank.  My favorite dish was the white wine clam dish.  Lot of beautiful people lingering about in typical Scottsdale fashion, slinky dresses, 4'' heels etc......  Iruna gets only 4 stars because, I was hoping they would have some sort of live spanish classical guitar or flamenco dance.
4	Yet another iconic Scottsdale eatery that I could not wait any longer to go visit.We were a bit taken back by the spartan interior as I expected something more intimate then what we were greeted with.  The service started off with a bang as we navigated with the servers help thru the tapas menu.We elected to have each member in our party of 4 to pick two tapas for a group-share.  The tapas came out at a very reasonable interval.  The food was delicious and well prepared.  Out of eight tapas items.......each one was delicious and unique.   The allure of the venerable "paella" forced our hand in ordering both the chicken & chorizo and the seafood paella.....wow were we very happy as the modestly sized paella's were perfect sized for sharing and equally delicious.Tapas should be more popular in the U.S. then it is, but unique restaurants like Iruna bring the Catalunyan fare to the masses and it will only be a matter of time before Tapas becomes more of a staple then a unique treat.Iruna is a killer restaurant.
5	Went here for my bday over xmas vacation with my huge family. We were visiting, and this was suggested as a great place to go.It definately is good. The food is very flavorful and small portioned. Mostly because it is so rich you can't eat too much of it.We had the bacon wrapped dates or figs, which were sooo good. Then we sampled a cheese plate, had olives and garlic, some artichoke dish that I can't find on the menu and the octopus. Also we tried filet mignon and the trout. Everything was delish.They have really good drinks too, my sister ordered this gosh I don't remember but it is raspberry vodka with st germain, club soda I think, cranberry juice and lemonade. Soo good.The ambience here is super low lighting, super low key and feels warm and inviting. The decor is very modern but still makes you feel cozy. And it kinda feels romantic actually.Although we were in big party, I can't say that I liked sharing my food lol. I think it would be the perfect place if you were with your special someone. Actually I think it would be a great anniversary place or valentines even, very upscale and fine dining. I'll come back here again, probably with my boyfriend as he didn't come with me on my vacation.
4	I loved this restaurant but I have heard it is now closed.
4	This restaurant is now closed. A sign is posted out front saying that a new concept restaurant will be taking its place shortly. Too bad. I really liked Iruna.
5	Always great food and great atmosphere! Love the potatoes, the oysters - actually everything on the menu is good. You cannot go wrong!
5	When does Iruna's complete their remodeling and re-open their doors?  I miss this place.  I would have gone there last night had it not been for this.  This is a good place!!!!!
