1	Color printer was down for maintenance; could not provide me with a concrete turnaround time.  No problem, I understand that this happens.  What irked me was that they refused to recommend any other printing service in the Pittsburgh area, citing "conflict of interest."  Be professional!  If you can't do the job for me, help me find someone that can. Will never use.
1	If you want service with a smile, don't go here. These guys all seem asleep on the job and uninterested in providing any type of customer service.I went to the shop to take a look at paper weight and asked their opinion on the best paper to use for an invitation. They handed me a book and basically walked away - so forget about consultation of anything. I emailed in my print job and they sent back a proof. When I responded with edits, I didn't hear back for a few hours, and then I got a message saying my print job was ready. After taking the time to drive around the Southside to find parking and then waiting in line to pick up my order, I was disappointed to see that they had printed off the original proof (and on some sort of giant flimsy postcard with the invitation on one side and the addresses on the other - not sure how they thought that made sense, and especially when my email clearly talked about printing envelopes, etc.). So they said they would fix it and reprint, but offered very little apology for the inconvenience. So two hours later, I finally was able to pick up the print job.I thought I would give them a second chance, mostly because a friend had reccommended them and I thought maybe the previous mishap was just a fluke. Unfortunately, the second time I tried to use them, they never responded to my email. I was near the shop and stopped in to follow up and they told me they couldn't print the project for me (addressing envelopes) because my envelopes were the wrong size. The sleepy sales clerk was answering me in as few words as possible and when I asked if there was anyone else I could go to for this job, or what my alternatives were, he just said "I don't know." While customer service is obviously not their speciality, I guess I was hoping printing was and maybe they could say, "we have these other envelopes," or "you can use labels." Instead, I cancelled my order and left.If you want anyone to take a moment to walk through options with you, go somewhere else because these guys are strictly here to hit print.
5	I have been a customer of this place for many years and I keep going back for a reason. The colors are always on point and they do everything! Kinkos doesn't put the slightest amount of effort into making sure that your prints look like the file you give them. Copies at Carson actually takes the time to make sure your getting what you pay for.I sent them a file for a friends wedding invitations. They did a proof for every piece, invitation, response, thank you's and envelopes at no additional fee! It took a few tries to make sure everything was perfect but the turn around was still quick and everything came out perfect. They even caught some of our spelling mistakes and prevented us from wasting a lot of money.
4	Easy breezy!I needed something printed and fast! I called to get the info since I'm usually more comfortable talking with someone about the process person to person than just submitting something.  From start to finish the service here was stellar.  Everyone was super nice and helpful when I spoke with them and had questions.You submit your file online and then they'll call with an estimate.  They called me shortly after to confirm everything and then called me a couple hours later when it was done.  I was so pleased with their service I used them for a bigger job later on.Second time I used them I had them print off posters and postcards.  I had no clue how to do this and they helped me choose the kind of paper and cut.  It looked beautiful when I picked them up two days later.  They were nice and glossy and cut perfectly.  The price wasn't bad, although I don't have a lot to compare it to.  It didn't break the bank in any way if that makes it better!
4	Fast and nice to work with!Everyone here has been so pleasant to work with for all of my at-home projects. I haven't used Copies at Carson for anything professional - but lots of sticker and postcard making! They also print photos.
5	I worked with the staff at Copies at Carson to design and print my save the dates and wedding invitations and could not be happier with the results and service!I had a really good sense of what I wanted the save the dates to look like, and within 15 minutes the staff put together a quick proof of the card for me.  They even ordered special "plantable" paper with flower seeds in it for me.  I should note that we communicated about the special paper before our meeting via email, and they had ordered it right away.  I was unsure of how I wanted the invitations to look, so the staff sat down with me with example-invites, books and my Pinterest account.  They offered their own design suggestions as well.  They helped me pick a beautiful invitation, RSVP, directions, menu and program look, and I can't wait to see the final results.The staff responds to emails very quickly and had answers to all my etiquette and printing questions. It was easy to schedule a face to face meeting as well.  They are extremely knowledgeable and have great design taste.  After our meeting, I decided I wanted to change the placement of the text/images on the save the date cards, and they got back to me that same day with the updated proof.I like supporting a family business, especially one that gives back to the community.  (Copies at Carson is involved in several local charities)I will absolutely be back!
5	We did our wedding invites here as well - and I want to second (third, fourth??) all that give good reviews to Copies at Carson.  We picked a simple design, but we needed them quickly - and they came thru for us in a BIG way.  Price was good too.  Thumbs up and 5-stars
3	I like Copies at Carson, but I have had a few minor issues with a printings.  The customer service is usually good, but sometimes they seem indifferent to a printing problem you're having.  For that reason, I would not send someone there unless I knew they were tech savvy.  I once had a problem printing and they initially tried to tell me it was a problem with the file.  After I explained that that was not possible, they realized they were having a problem with the printer.  I have never been disappointed with larger printings.
5	Initial impression:  I submitted my odd request through their website, uploading my file.  Wayyyyy more clear-cut and easy than staples mess of a website.  Within 7 minutes, someone called me back to confirm things, and within another 10 I had my proof via email which was perfect.  She also quoted me the cost over the phone.  Very reasonable!!  I am in anesthesia school, so every precious spare second is spent with my nose in a book, so this was a HUGE time-saver for me.  She also stated my project would be ready that night...  So just waiting to see if turn-around and quality is in check, then I will amend my review.... Here's hoping!!
1	These people are rude sometimes they gets things done, but horrible customer service !! Never go here!They charge hefty fees without telling you anything.Do not ever go here!
5	I work for a company that constantly needs printing done quickly and overnighted to customers for meeting. Time and time again Copies At Carson delivers. They have bailed us out of so many jams it's ridiculous. Speedy, reliable service and great customer service. Others have remarked about the price but when it comes to printing you truly get what you pay for and Copies At Carson provides excellent value. Highly recommended.
5	Have been nothing but pleased with them lately. The staff is very friendly and everything is done quickly and efficiently.
