5	Dr.  Steelman is one of the most dedicated medical professionals I have ever met.  She is very busy for a very good reason - she is a great vet. She and her vet techs and staff are there 100% for the cats - no drama, no overpriced nonsense.
5	Best cat Dr I have ever had. She knows & remembers their personalities, much love at this hospital. None lIke it I have ever seen, home to the unwanted cats. GREAT
2	I have seriously mixed feelings about this place. But after reading the review by James L., I realized that I wasn't the only one who felt this way.First, Dr. Steelman did help my sick cat come out of a very serious respiratory infection. I will always be appreciative of that. The fees are also very reasonable. They are probably some of the cheapest in town. I would give her treatment of my cat 20 stars if I could. But everything else outweighed the good. It's almost impossible to get an appointment. And when you do get in you still have to wait upwards of an hour in the waiting room. This is where the problems really begin. The waiting room is filled with cats. I love cats more than most people, so you'd think this wouldn't be a problem for me. However, many of the cats were sick with god knows what. They cough, have drippy eyes and noses, and wander around jumping onto your lap and peering into your cat carrier.Plus, the entire place reeked of cat urine. The smell actually made my eyes water. I understand that they have a lot of cats there and that they are doing their best to take care of them, but when you can't keep up with basics like litter maintenance, it's time to reconsider and make a decision. Her fees are so low, they could probably raise them up by about 10% to hire more part-time staff and still be the cheapest in town.This place is probably ok if you're cat isn't particularly ill or vulnerable. But even if you are desperate for a cat-only specialist, I believe that that this is NOT the place to bring a cat who is immuno suppressed.
3	I agree with pretty much everything everyone has already said. The Dr. is great, shows real concern for the cats, and gives excellent care. The service in the reception area is not great. There are tons of cats wandering around and the place smells like a litter box. I love that they try to rescue so many cats, but I wish they didn't let them wander in the reception area. My cat doesn't like unfamiliar cats so we have to go in a separate room while we are waiting so he doesn't get freaked out by the other cats. I think that the service and care shown here outweighs the negatives, and I plan to keep coming.
5	This is the only place I would take my cats - those people who complain about the "Poppy cats" otherwise known as the rescue cats need to get over themselves! Without Bonanza Cat Hospital and the dedicated people there all of them would have been killed long ago at the so called "shelters" here in town! The staff there has NEVER been anything but wonderful and attentive to me and my animals - so maybe it was your snotty and rude attitude that was the problem, not the staff at Bonanza. Yes, sometimes you have to wait - there is only one Doctor and she is busy.  There is only one receptionist and she is busy. They are busy because they are amazing! Dr S. remembers all her patients, she does her best to take care of every patient in a timely manner but, given that it is a vet office there are emergencies and some cats need more time to treat.  If you want a caring, compassionate, vet this is your place. If you are impatient, a jerk or not compassionate enough to care about homeless/disabled cats please, go somewhere else.
5	My cat is 16-years-old and she has seen Dr. Steelman almost all of her life.  Dr. Steelman is the best vet I have ever had and I am 67 so I have seen more than my share.  She is very concerned about my cat's well-being.  She has always taken the best care of her.  Now that my cat is so old, she needs Dr. Steelman more than ever to deal with her joint issues.Yes, Dr. Steelman does have many cats residing in her practice.  They are not aggressive.  In fact, they are very docile and very clean.  My cat does not like other cats but she tolerates the waiting room just fine.  You can be sure that if any cat appears to you like it has infection, Dr. Steelman is giving it antibiotics or other treatment so it could not spread to other kitties.  If the people that talked about the cats having dripping eyes had the same compassion that Dr. Steelman has, they would not make remarks like this.  Who would these kitties have if they did not have Dr. Steelman.I have never been treated like a number.  Yes it is a busy place but the receptionists are great and Dr. Steelman spends a lot of time with you and your pet.Please do not hesitate to take your kitty to Dr. Steelman.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I came here to bring my cat to get spayed before reading any reviews. It was one of the most affordable places i could find, and I am more than satisfied. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because I was told to be there at 830 on a saturday for drop-off, and was not let in until 9 am. They let me pick up my cat on a sunday when they are closed, so I will say that i did not feel like I was treated like a number. I love cats, so I don't mind the cats in the waiting area. To me, none looked sick or like they had an infection. They all looked healthy. As for the reviews about the place smelling like a litter-box, I had no such experience. Walking in I didn't smell much trace of cats. The cats wandering around are very friendly and love attention. I arrived just as they opened and did not have to wait more than 5 minutes to get through dropping my cat off.
5	Dr Steelman is the BEST cat vet in Las Vegas. I don't mind the other cats in the lobby because (to me) they represent just how much love is working in this place. Being a vet is probably one of the most difficult career choices a smart, talented, and compassionate person can make. The fact that Dr Steelman has managed to create such a great (and true) Urban Legend about HER care of these cats in Las Vegas speaks volumes. She's wonderful through ALL the phases of a cat's life...even when you have to say good-bye. Yes, there's sometimes a wait. Yes, sometimes the staff doesn't get to the "accidents" quickly enough to avoid odor. But hey, where else in town can you go, sit in a chair and have THAT many loving furry faces just waiting for you to say hello? Visit with these critters for just a little while and see just how lucky YOU (and the cats you have) are.My way of helping is to donate to The Poppy Foundation - because Bonanza Cat Hospital takes care of all those beautiful creature that roam around the office. They can ALWAYS use donations of cat food, towels, newspapers, and money. The receptionist will be delighted to give you a tax receipt if you ask.
5	I would like to offer my comments on Dr. Steelman and my recent encounter with Bonanza Cat Hospital.I have several rescued cats.  I recently put down my oldest Las Vegas-rescued cat (because of renal failure) in early August at VCA Rancho.  I also lost a human--a dear friend and housemate of 20+ years--to cancer at the end of June.My cat, Fluffy, aka Mr. Fluff, a Maine Coon cat who showed up with his brother at my back door 5 years ago, began developing weakness in his left rear leg.  I took him to VCA Decatur Aug. 21 (they had closed Rancho), and they took numerous x-rays and provided a radiologist's report plus treatment for an eye discharge and ear mites.  The x-rays showed no broken bones.  The vet prescribed Prednisolone, an anti-inflammatory.I thought everything's peachy:  somehow Fluff just injured the soft tissue and he'll bounce back in no time.He didn't.I work driving cab in Vegas.  The shifts are 12 hours; my days are 13 hours; I'm gone from home 14 hours.  I've had to add additional hours since my housemate died, and I work 5 shifts/week.  I'm off Monday and Tuesday.By Monday, Sept. 11, Fluffy, although using the litter boxes, was barely able to get up.  Apparently, his right rear leg was now affected.  I researched many, many vets on web.  VCA is definitely competent, but I feel that they pad their bills and possibly overcharge.  Maybe a casino executive can afford their prices; I can't.I made an appointment Tuesday, Sept.12, at Bonanza to bring in Fluffy the following Monday.  By Wednesday, Sept.13, I was panicked.  Fluff couldn't get up all day Tuesday (Sept. 12) and he was urinating in his bed.  I researched his condition most of Tuesday night on web, got very little sleep, and appeared at Bonanza when they opened at 7:00 a.m. bursting into tears.  They told me to bring him into their care immediately.Dr. Steelman called me Wednesday night at work to say that she was waiting for test results.  I saw Fluff both Thursday and Saturday mornings before going to work; Friday Bonanza had a full house and couldn't accommodate me with a room.  Dr. Steelman called me at the end of my shift Friday night around midnight.  Fluff was rapidly developing paralysis elsewhere.  We discussed options.  I elected to put him down.  Fluff died yesterday, Monday,  Sept.16, with the gentlest care I've ever seen a vet give a cat.  Dr. Steelman literally picked up Fluff, my gentle giant, and cradled him in her arms to take him away.  Her best guess?  Lymphoma.Am I a fan?  You bet.  The rest of my cats will go to her for care.  The bill?  Unbelievably affordable.Yes...the place does have a strong smell of cat--not litter box.  You can't have so many cats without a smell.  I saw only healthy cats.  Even one apparently in renal failure looked healthy and full of energy!!  I showed up at 7:30 a.m. Monday morning only to find out my appointment was 7:30 p.m.  At 7:30 a.m., staff and assistants were cleaning; at 7:30 p.m., staff and assistants were cleaning and feeding.  I have nothing but the highest respect for Dr. Steelman and her staff who work constantly and diligently to take care of and provide a home for so many cats.  They are moving to a larger facility next month.  If this story touches you in any way, please contribute to her Poppy Fund for stray/abused/broken cats. Bottom line?  In a cold city where people don't matter let alone feral, broken cats and where nothing matters except acquiring money, Linda Steelman showed me a rare, rare exception.  She not only loved my cat and took great care of him, but the manner in which he was euthanatized was gentle on me, too.
5	Dr. Steelman at Bonanza is simply put, in my opinion the very best (and fairest) cat vet in Las Vegas. She is very, very knowledgeable and very compassionate. I'll take any and all of my cats to Dr. Steelman until the end of time.
1	They let me adopt a very sick cat, and told me he was healthy. I kept calling them and telling them he was lethargic, not eating or drinking much,  hiding quite often, and was so weak he could hardly move.I kept calling them, as I could tell there was something wrong, and they shrugged it off. I later  realized, they knew he was sick, and wanted to get rid of him before they moved to a new location. I fell in love with him, and he died a horrible death while I was out of the house, 16 or 17 days after I adopted him. They should be ashamed of themselves!
5	I've been taking all my cats to Bonanza Cat Hospital for the past 16 years.  Dr. Steelman is a SAINT!   She's a wonderful doctor who does everything possible for the cats.     I've read some of the other reviews "complaining" about the "sick cats" wandering around the hospital.   Well, you folks will be glad to know that Dr. Steelman has solved that problem -- SHE BOUGHT A BUILDING WITH HER SAVINGS and interest free LOANS.    The new address is:  6620 Sky Pointe Dr, Las Vegas.This woman loves the cats.  The cats in question are part of the POPPY FOUNDATION.  They are cats that have been abandoned.   Many times during the 16 years I've been going there I've heard customers say "...the cat is sick - put it to sleep...".   Dr. Steelman will NOT put a cat to sleep if the illness is treatable.  She would only put a cat to sleep if it was to put the cat out of pain/misery.The new building has a whole separate room for the POPPY CATS.  Visitors are always welcome and encouraged.As far as being difficult to get appointments.  It is - she's the best - everyone wants to bring their cats to her.   Dr. Steelman doesn't work 9 - 5.   She's often at the hospital late into the night - midnight or later.   Yes, you might have to wait when to come to the hospital - Dr. Steelman doesn't rush patients.    Just know that while you're gumbling about how long it's taking that when it's YOUR TURN Dr. Steelman will spend as much time with YOUR cat as needed too.Wayne B.  I'm sorry you adopted a sick cat.   I find it difficult to believe that the staff at Bonanza would just shug off symptoms of illness.    I've even had Dr. Steelman call and tell me to bring in a cat on Sunday (when they're closed) because the cat was sick.And for those who really can't wait for appointments.  Dr. Steelman allows people to schedule "drop offs".   You bring your cat in the carrier between certain morning hours and Dr. Steelman will examine the cat when she gets free time during the day.  The cats are monitored by the staff, so don't feel like your cat will be ignored.
5	This location is closed and they have moved to a new, much larger and nicer location:6620 Sky Pointe Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89131The waiting area is much larger, and the majority of the cats are in their own room.
5	Okay, I've been in this town nearly 30 years... and I've always had cats.. and I've always needed a good vet.  I thought I had a good vet until I met the people and doctors at Bonanza Cat Hospital.  There are no finer people to care for your cat.  They truly are more concerned about the well being and health of your cat than the money in their pocket.  They are wonderful!  When my old vet would have charged me over $800 to save the life of my elderly kitty, BCH only charged me waay less.  I can absolutely afford to take my kitties to the vet now that I've found Bonanza Cat Hospital.  The POPPY FOUNDATON at the Bonanza Cat Hospital too, is a beautiful place.  If you're feeling stressed, just stop in for some kitty loving.  Nothing calms the nerves like spending some time in a roomful of warm fuzzy love.  I couldn't recommend them more!  Thank you Dr. Steelman and Dr. Lemon for all you do
1	I've been taking my cats to Dr. Steelman for 15 years.  I was always a huge fan of her work in the community.  I am deeply disappointed in my last dealings with that place and Dr. Steelman. My cat was very ill, and you NEVER can reach anyone there. They NEVER return your phone calls. You wait HOURS to pick them up.  Then when you do, if your cat is still sick, and you have questions, THEY STILL DON'T return your calls. HOW SCARY. The receptionist keeps saying we are VERY busy. SO is the VA hospital and people DIE!     If you are VERY BUSY then our poor family members get forgotten.  Vodka Ghilarducci (my 15 year old purr master) pasted away today 5/24/14 of fluid in the lungs and heart.  Rainbow Animal Hospital was able to detect his pain and laboring breathing that was so hard to watch. We chose to do the right thing. I will NEVER GO BACK TO THAT PLACE. After all as they say, "WE ARE VERY VERY BUSY"!!!!!  Keep that in mind when you bring your babies there!Here is THE CLINC'S MISSION STATEMENT:  WE UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR CAT IS AN IMPORTANT MEMBER OF THE FAMILY.    How is this EVEN possible when you DON'T call your clients back? How is this possible when you admit to being TOO busy?   Simple common sense say NOT!
5	I have been bringing my last 3 cats since 2003 or so to Dr Steelman.  I agree she's a Saint!  She works unreal hours and would always provide the utmost attention.  In fact, one of my adult cats was going to be put to sleep by another ER location for pets after spending a thousand dollars.  I decided to try Dr. Steelman first-she not only took us in immediately, she helped that cat live another 4 years with minimal cost by comparison!  I never Ever felt rushed considering how busy they were.  She knew my kittie's personalities and histories so well- I couldn't help but feel my cats had a better PCP than I ever did!  I had to move out of state and am only praying the next vet I am about to see is half as wonderful as Dr. Steelman and her staff, notably Linda who always followed up as well!  I used to bring my family to see the Poppy Foundation pets bc they are huge animal lovers too.  It's a beautiful experience to be surrounded by affectionate kitties.  Having worked with hospice and pet therapy, this was tremendous.  Kudos and best wishes to this foundation!  (Elisabet Lizzie Romero)
1	Do not take your cats here!My cat Hank was scheduled for an appointment at 4:30PM. When we showed up a few minutes early, the receptionist seemed surprised to see us and had us wait in the waiting room while she cleaned up a room for us, mind you there was no other customers in the building.  Once she cleaned a room up for us, we waited 35 minutes to see the vet.  This was frustrating because the receptionist did not tell us the vet was running late, I did not get a call to reschedule prior to showing up, and even at 445PM she did not come in to tell me something was wrong.  At this point I decided to walk out.  As I was leaving, the receptionist said the vet would be right in to which I responded "you said that 35 minutes ago and I'm leaving."  Making a customer wait for 35 minutes, not letting a customer know that the vet is running late, and not apologizing to the customer are negative indicators of a business and ultimately the number one reason I will not be going back to this vet.I would recommend All about Cats Hospital in South Las Vegas
