4	Mickey's rocks.  Open for after-hours.  I have spent many nights here valiantly trying to sober up by downing sweet potato fries, sliders, and other choice hangover treats.  It's totally divey, full of tattered couches, and people having a good old time.  I have a hazy memory of sitting on a couch in a daze watching repeats of old television favorites with a party going on all around me like that scene in Garden State...  good times.
4	great dive bar... good place to start your night or end your night... they have a great happy hour... I think it is half price apps and some sort of beer special... the only time i would not go is college football saturdays since it is the Ohio State bar of Scottsdale... Sarah is dead on about the atmosphere... it is totally a throwback
4	Ditto to what the others said.  Cheap fun place with a great happy hour, and PBR special.  I swear this place must have acquired my grandma's old couch somehow.  Look for the tan couch with the wood paneling and rose pattern....yep, that would be it.
4	I really like Mickey's. I went there yesterday and there was a drink special going on with two dollar beers and three dollar you call its. Not bad, for Snottsdale. They're open late, so if you're there on the weekend at two you will notice a serious influx of people at 2:05. They stop serving booze at 2, but it's a great place to pick up some late night munchies and sober up a little bit. And, no joke, the food here is really good. It's all dive bar food, but done the way you always hoped it would come out. It's a great place to watch games, or play pool, or just kick it outside on the couches. It's hard to not have atleast an ok time at Mickey's.
4	this bar is nice and laid back, with thrift store decor and spacious patio and inside area.the bar staff is super cool and sans attitude at this scottsdale late night eating staple. i think they were voted "cutest, girl next door waitresses" in the Tribune's Get Out last year.drinks are reasonable, and they are open late, as in 4 a.m. i think, serving food the whole time. pretty sweet. they do a lot of drink specials, too.
4	Late night food...yes.
5	When I lived in AZ, this was my favorite hangout spot.  I really loved the outdoor patio area, except during the middle of the summer.  The food here was pretty decent as well and I found that women here tended to be less snotty than other locations in Scottsdale.  I guess that this wasn't really the spot for all the $35,000 millionaires, but I personally liked it that way.
1	What type of bar serves drinks in a thimble you ask?  THIS ONE!  What a freaking rip off.  Sure the waitresses were hot, but in Zona, apparently all of the girls are hot.  Well at least in the .5 mile radius.  They must grow because of the sun.  They probably use photosynthesis.  The atmosphere wasn't too bad, but it was your typical bar, with typical bar food, with typical douchebags.  Solid one star for the rip off drink amounts.
4	One of my favorite spots in the Phoenix area.  This place is fabulously tacky, complete with plaid 70's style mismatched couches and velvety posters of Elvis in engraved wooden frames.  Enjoy an old cult film on a large screen TV while sampling excellent bar food and cocktails in a fun atmosphere.  I recommend the Bloody Mary and the chicken chile wraps for starters.
4	A must for anyone visiting scottsdaleone of a kind decor, kinda like hanging out in your friends basement drinking beers in high school, although i don't think they still have atarigood looking wait staffgood patiogreat drink specialsserve food late
1	So they serve food after 2am?  So does Denny's.  And Whataburger.  And at Denny's they dont make you sit on some sick ass counch that has god knows what on it from its better days at Sigma Chi.  Everyone that has sat on those couches should go get tested immediately.Are you all so drunk when making the decision to stumble to Mickey's that you dont realize how disgusting it is?  And that you've just PAID COVER to get in there??  What is this cover for?  Obviously not new couches.  Or more bathrooms.  Two bathrooms with one room each doesnt cut it for me.  Because then I have to wait in line to pee, thinking about how I just paid $5 to stand in line and look at ugly people sitting on splooge covered couches.  Drink specials and the patio when its not 130 degrees might be appealing if the rest of this nightmare wasnt so fresh in my mind.
1	I like Mickey's, if for nothing else than the pure ease of being there. I think my easiness with it comes from the homey, den-like decor, because the people are exactly what you'd expect in this zip code, but...I actually don't know why I like this place. But I do. Come to think of it, the Scottsdale crowd is unsurprisingly irritating, most if not all of the servers could probably compare their current brain size with their pre-op boob size ("Gin" is not a brand of vodka. Are you new? Can I see your ID? Are you human?), and the furniture is probably as scandalous as Emily M. described. The wings SUCK (the server actually advertised that the mild is much hotter than the hot... she was right in comparison but sorely wrong in definition.).I guess the four star review is more for the company that usually drags me there, because we always seem to have a memorable time. But I'm not reviewing company, I'm reviewing Mickey's. I take that 4 back. They'll get a 1.
4	i'm giving them 4 stars just cause they have the balls to serve buckets of PBR in the heart of snotty fashion mecca.... also please enjoy the cigarette burns and stains on the combustable couches!!
4	Coke and grease! Coke and grease! Coke and grease!These are the words my friends and I usually chant when we're looking for a place to sober up after a night on the town. Hallelujah for Mickey's Hangover. The relaxed patio bar, which is open until 4 a.m. on the weekends, is our savior on these drunken nights when we need a little coke and grease to sober up.Don't count the calories, just order the cheese fries. After all, you already spent the night throwing back shots and beer like there's no tomorrow. The cheese fries are piled high and ooze with cheese and make for a wonderful treat in the late night hours.Bring some cash before you head to this late night haunt. They usually charge a $3 cover for after hours.
2	Oh, sure I'll pay a cover to sit on couches found next to a dumpster and drink a diet soda. I'd love to. And can I have a shitty overpriced burger and greasy fries too? And can you fuck up my order and take forever to get it to me? Thanks! Oh - and please treat me like shit. I love that. You're the best Mickey'sSeriously - fuck this place. It's full of all the south-scottsdale douchefucks that are too cool to go grab a slice of pizza or a cheesesteak or a taco. People who aren't quite ready to go home yet, and still want to be seen and pay cover charges to get in somewhere so they feel exclusive and hip. It's not the dirtiest place in town or anything... and it's kinda cool the first few times you go... a unique little after hours burger joint that isn't Denny's or fast food. It's nowhere near being cool like Mel's Drive-in in Hollywood though and once the 'new' wears off for you, you'll realize it's just a dump full of drunk people.There's always some drunk idiot that hops over the fence/wall and gets thrown out. There's always people looking for that last minute hookup they couldn't find at the bars so they don't go home empty handed. It's not safe to be driving near this place because people think a grilled cheese will help them pass a breathalyzer. The people who work there treat everyone like garbage assuming everyone is a drunk idiot and won't notice. It's aggrivating if you're not so drunk you won't notice. The girls that work here are hot, but honestly you couldn't swing a dead cat without hitting a hot girl in Scottsdale... so what.I want to give this place a 2.5 (but that's not an option)... it's not a horrible place to go and sometimes I've been glad it's there... Mickey's just isn't as great as everyone makes it out to be.
4	just went to Mickey's and ate a Fat Chick.......not what your thinking....its there very tasty Chicken Sandwich...$10first on wendsday night they stoped people getting in at 1:30.....grrr...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------its funny maybe been here 4 times.. last night was really good maybe favorite time.. tues night like 12:30 ok group of peopleFOOD! yes they serve food late! had the healthy Chicken Pita wrap....Its healthy but comes with Fries? ok I broke my no fried food in the sake of Yelp and the fries where really good....and the Pita was surprisingly good...it might have been expensive but I can't tell anymore now that i live in LA....Drink....ok yes I have had bigger drinks in AZ other placesit was $16 for the Wrap with fries and a Vanilla Vodka Oj is that too much for Scottsdale? In LA a $16 is a drink with a lousy $1 tip so it seems really good to me....Peeps....of course ASU students but what really got me is that I found a lot of Restraunt and other bar workers there..THIS IS THE SIGN! that the place can't be that bad....had some very crazy Deep religion convo here with some collage types...so don't always judge the stranger by its cover....BAD! mickeys! ................ok so they took in a guy dressed as a used tampon (its Halloween week) but  he was so drunk it took him like forever to pick up his string...,.,,he almost couldn't stand up....I felt they should have called him a cab....and the other reson I gave it 4 stars is because when I have been here on weekends I don't feel they should charge cover after 2am .....its just wrong....like there just useing the Drunks....Ha you need a place to Sober up on Diet Coke! that will be five bucks!.......Yeah Pool tables!
2	I was made aware of Mickey's Hangover in Scottsdale when I first moved out here because my husband and I are both Ohio State alums, and Mickey's is THE bar to watch Ohio State games on Saturdays.  It's almost like being in Columbus, but with blue skies and warm weather.The waitstaff is very pleasant during the games, but not extremely fast or attentive. The food is just OK and pretty greasy.  I do enjoy the onion rings, as it compliments my $8 buckets of Bud Light very well.  I 100% do not recommend the sampler platter...we made the mistake of ordering it the first tiime we went to Mickey's. I do believe they have the grossiest mozzarella sticks this side of the Mississippi River. Sorry, but I don't want my mozzarella sticks to come shaped like an eggroll.  And I don't think I've seen anyone drink PBR since my days at Ohio State, but it flows aplenty at Mickey's.The decor is laid back with comfy couches up front. The catch during Ohio State games we learned is that you have to reserve the couches. Seriously that is lame.  Our experience at Mickey's during the Ohio State/Michigan game completely turned us off to the establishment and I am not really sure we will be returning in the future.
4	A diamond in the rough (i.e. Scottsdale).The furniture makes it feel like your having a drink in your Grandma's basement ... and it works!  Very cool.They sell Mad Dog 20/20 IN THE BAG!  How kewl is that?And the pizza's great.
3	Mickey's brings out all the very tackiest parts of me.  I know I have a tendency to kitsch, and I know I have to be careful.  But a place like Mickey's makes it really hard.  I WANT that tattered green velveteen couch.  I NEED that round gold velvet booth.  PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD can I take that coffee table home with me?For the bar itself... ok service, weak pours, and a crowd that's noticeably younger than me.  But I don't care, as long as I'm smooshed into a corner of an awesome couch.
4	I'm not going to spend a lot of time on this review, because others have summed it up pretty well.  I like that I can score with one drink special or another most regularly, but I wish the music was better - but I say that about everywhere I go, so I'm not gonna hold it against them.  The staff's friendly more often than not, and the food is decent.  I like going on Tuesday's for fish tacos.  I think they're like 7 or 8 bucks, and you get three of them.  They're big, too.  And they come with chips and salsa.Good stuff, overall.  This place has so much more potential, though...  If only they had a real jukebox.I should note that for those of you who haven't been down there in a while - they've expanded the patio and its pretty righteous.  A nice place to grab an outdoor couch for a Sunday brunch.Get there before 8:30 or 9 at night, though, when you go... otherwise you'll most likely be paying a cover charge.  Even on most Wednesdays or Thursdays.See ya there!
4	Referring  to Mickey's as a  "dive bar" is like referring to Princeton as a "secondary school".  Its a lazily, flaccid description for a bar with a fist-full of moxie.  Their Bloody Marys alone feature a fucking brawny-assed, gigantic totem pole of man-meat.  Well, not "man meat", but meat-fit-for-a-man.  You get the point.  Look, the main point is that no "dive bar" is gonna be serving yo ass peppers and salami in a $5 tomato Slurpee.  People often mistake "kitsch" as "obsolete"  and these these are the type of people who would use the word "psych!", and grease their side-hair back after swindling you into a fake low-five.  And i would like to agree with their lowly opinions of Mickey's, but then, I wouldn't want to be wrong also.If you've ever been to Welcome to the Johnson's in the Lower East Side, and moreover, enjoyed yourself there, then Mickey's is your Arizona equivalent.  Think of it as, Welcome to the Merriweather's.  Scottsdale name, New York kitsch.  So, their bar service is kinda tough, but once there, they have a kickass selection of brews both ironic and sincere.  You want an Old Style followed by a Boddington's?  Where else but Mickey's?Their kitchen is open late, which, for the love of all that is holy, is impossible to find in this three-bedroom-two-bath-house of a town.Even better, their food is goooood.  I mean, heart palpitating good when you consider how delish bar food REALLY CAN be at 2 am.  No, it ain't Capital Grille, get over it, but their wings, fries, chix tenders, et all hit the f'ing spot when you've had too many Jamisons (or Jager/Patron shots for the resident middle schoolers).They just recently seemed to have remodeled their patio, which looks really great, but lost most of its charm.  Still, space to move and a decent spot to smoke outside beats a macrame couch, or whatever, every day of the week.Anyway.  I like this place.  They lose a star for making me pay $3 for a pretty tame DJ and for hosting Ohio State functions.  Fuck em.  Go Horns.
3	They did a great job remodeling the patio recently. I like this place best during the week for a bucket of coronas outside (if they aren't charging a cover just for me to drink).The crowd is usually a little too young for me, a little too college. Though, during the week it seems to be a little more mellow and varied... Great place to eat after all the other bars close -- I think Mickeys is open till 4am serving food.
3	Mickey's Hangover is a decent bar.  I really like the outside patio for the nice Scottsdale nights.  The biggest drawback to me about this place is that they only have two pool tables.  Oh yeah.  And it smells like puke inside.  Now, I understand this is a club, but isn't there something that can be done about the smell?  On the particular night we went, there were two douchebags who insisted on playing pool on the table me, my friends, and another group of people were playing on.  One of those rude assholes took it upon himself to sit his short, fat ass in front of me on the arm rest to the couch I was sitting on.  Needless to say, I was more than a little pissed off at the rudeness of the guy.  I mean, I understand that you're short and fat but just because your life is miserable doesn't mean you need to pass that off onto others.  Excuse me for my ranting and raving.  Mickey's also has great wings and really nice waitresses.  Both the drinks and the service were consistently good.  All in all a good place to hang out, but not great.  I'd go back.
2	I really do not have a lot of positive things to say about this bar.  I went there for an event last week with a friend of mine, and I was not impressed.  My friend and I were starving, so we went inside to find a place to sit.  The place smelled like garbage...I am not kidding.  My friend and I looked at each other and went back onto the patio, where we asked for white wine from one server.  (very nice, btw)  Then when she left, another server came up to us and asked us for our order.  I am not kidding you this happened three times.So our nice server told us that they ran out of Chardonnay...which happened to be the only white wine they have.  They only had Merlot left.  We got our wine not in wine glasses...but small water glasses.  I know that red wine is supposed to warm (???) but this stuff was nasty.  Almost reminded me of Manischewitz.  We told her that this was not good wine and I asked for an iced tea.  S***  you not...they said that they do not brew iced tea on the weekdays.  I ended up with a water.We then went to the event on the other side of the patio...not the best place to mingle...a little cramped and not easy to manuever yourself.Nice server chick is the only reason why I give this place 2 stars. (I am being extremely nice here) I really do not know what this place tries to prove, especially being in Old Town...not a dive bar...I am not sure exactly what kind of bar it is trying to be to be honest.
1	OK, I know this is classified as a "dive bar" but the smell of vomit was so over powering last Sunday night that we walked in and walked right out.  My friend had the dry heaves all the way to the Saddle Ranch.
1	Mickey's is always packed with the worst people in town.  It smells.  It's loud in a bad way - think a constant stream of brospeak.  I gave it an extra star just because they serve beer (hey, I'm easy to please) but then took it away because they serve Schlitz in a can.  That was a lot cooler when I was 21 and broke, now I just find it in poor form.
3	Mickey's Hangover is a great place to go to straight from work for happy hour. The patio is a perfect hangout with a comfy feel. The drinks are cheap, the food is decent (as far as bar food goes), and the service is adequate enough considering it's the most affordable place to drink in downtown Scottsdale. I mean seriously, where can you go with five other people, drink for four solid hours, eat until you want to hurl and still have a tab that doesn't go over $60? I have to admit that the only time I venture inside is the rare occassion that I have to use the restroom, so my experience is limited mostly to the outside...  and it would rate more stars if the inside didn't smell like the inside of an industrial trash can on a July afternoon.
4	This place rocks, it's right in downtown Scottsdale and has a great patio for checking out all the cool cars and good looking girls that go by. If your feeling the pain I say order a Bloody Mary, you won't be disappointed.Love to check this place out again real soon!
3	You can't go wrong with Mickey's. Well, for the most part. When it's 2 in the morning, you're hungry and you don't care what your food tastes like--Mickey's is your place. Cheap beer. Cheap food.And a mother effing cheapskate owner who needs to stop charging a cover for no good effing reason.  Your place is not a nightclub, buddy.  It's an average effing bar where people go to hang with friends and buy booze.
3	I've been here twice. Once while underage and a very nice out-of-towner slipped the bouncer a 20 to let me and my sister and friend in during the NCAA football championship game a few years ago. And another time as a last minute stop for some food, finally of age. And didn't pay cover.I had fun both times. Yeah it's a little bit of a dive, but it's a fun change of pace.
4	PBR. Mad Dog 20/20. What??!! I was a witness to someone drinking Milwaukee's Best Light. Damn son. I guess if youre going to do it, do it cheap.Get there early if you're going on Saturday morning for the game, it fills up quick. All in all, it is was it is. An Ohio bar, watching football, peeps getting sliggity sloppt. Most are still drunk from the night before. Makes for good people watching practice. Make friends with your neighbors when you find a seat. They could be from Ohio and a new person to be "besties" with.Nice!! Thanks Mickey's, you rock... and roll.
4	Best wings I've had in AZ since Minder Binders closed shop. That's all I really need to know in order to be a fan. I see no point in mentioning any other details. I've only been there at weird hours, never when it's crowded. Off-peak it was a great, non-pretentious place to eat.
4	Oh Mickeys I love you now...only because you have the best pizza I could find at 3am...I needed to sober up and I couldn't think of a better place.
2	different than it used 2 b. good place 4 all the drunk idiots 2 go and try 2 find a drunk enuf chick 2 get laid by, publicly humiliate urself, or grab sumthn 2 soak up all the liquor.   always has been smelly 2 me.  not impressed.  and i don't prefer 2 hang out with pretentious crowds like that.
3	If you're ever in old town Scottsdale, and want a damn good pizza? This joint will satisfy the craving royally. The inside looks like a grungy porn set from the 80's and music isn't bad when the live DJ is there. I've never really went to this place just to drink...it was always more of a Post-Drunken destination for alcohol absorption... Well any who! Try the monster pizza...I've been going there years and that's my favorite. You can't go wrong with the monster.
4	I have only been here once, but I plan on going back. We did a a low key work get together here one Sunday morning and it was a great time. They have really fun drinks and amazing brunch food, not your typical pancakes and eggs! The atmosphere was cool too, very social. There are booths and pool tables perfect for mingling. A nice find in old town.
5	I moved from Arizona, so my review is for experiences up to 2/2008.I LOVE this bar. It's definitely my favorite place to go in Old Town. The rare occasions that I'd go to Myst, I would always come here first for the cheaper drinks.Pros-Lots of room to sitYou don't have to be dressed up at all to come hereHappy Hour!! 1/2 all wells, beer, wine, and food M-F 4-7 (sidenote: it used to be 4-9. disappointed that they've shortened it.)Relatively cheaper drinks than the rest of the bars in this area. I would always drink during happy hour, so bottles were less than $2.Bartenders are super nice. I've always chatted them up, and service is pretty good. Even when it's crowded on a weekend night, you don't have to wait too long for a drink from the bar.The WINGS! Just try them. I haven't had better wings anywhere else.They stay open after 2 because they're a "restaurant". Great place to go after the other bars close for some food.Cons-Cover after 8pm (or 8:30?). Easy, just get there before then.The crowd changes around 10pm, when all of the club people come here to pre-drink.
3	I went back to Mickey's today for the first time since February. They have changed their happy hour to only drinks....and nachos or something. Half-off all food was their biggest selling point. Plus, they changed their menus, and now they look dumb. I've been very disillusioned by the whole experience.At least the cheese fries and wings are still delish.
4	Ain't a damn thing wrong with this place. Well... there probably is. We went on Christmas, so it was nice and empty, with cheap drinks, an accessible pool table, and a good atmosphere.I'm sure it's often filled to the brim with unpleasant individuals on non-holiday weekends. And that may or may not be cool.Highly recommended on Christmas.
2	Ok, I live down the street from Mickey's and I figured that it would be my hot spot for casual drinking.  This is not the case.  Although I hang out with Fred from the dirty occasionally(Wisconsin Guy! Haha..) and he is a big fan; I think that Mickey's is one of the most annoying places to go.  A cover charge, however small, is a ridiculous addition to a place that seems to drain energy from people.  I was about to head there one evening at 1:30am solely to get food, and still would have had to pay a cover!  I think that if the place were a little more upbeat, I would consider returning, but the way that it currently is, I have no desire to return.
5	Maybe, this place isnt the greatest...  I dunno I just love the inside lighting and the juke box and the couches!The ambience just does it for me.  even going outside to watch the crowds going by is fun. Never had the food so it might suck for all I know, but I just love sitting on those couches ordering drinks from the punk-esque waitresses.If I lived around there it would be my hang out fo sho,
1	This place was shut down by the health department today.  Drink there if you can, but they ran out of beer this weekend.  And I peeked in back to find them pouring $10 vodka into the Grey Goose bottles.  Kins of a blatant violation of anything ethical, but what do you expect from a hangover.Hopefully the cool crew like Doug, Snyder, Alicia, and Linda do better in Old Town.Visit if you dare, but I visited years ago and it was much better.  Word is out that they did not pay anyone who works there, and they are selling the place.Shame, cool spot, hopefully someone buys it and brings it back.
5	I think he knew. I think when Mickey first put his burger on the menu he knew it would be the finest in Scottsdale. I think he had a hunch it would be the best burger in Arizona. And I don't think this review will surprise him at all. Upon walking in to Mickey's at 2am (not an error), I was expecting an average burger at best. I think Mickey knew this as well. And when it came... It looked like an average burger at best. I think Mickey knew this as well. I think Mickey also had a feeling - maybe not as strong as some of the others he's had, but still a strong one - that a burger conessuier such as myself would be BLOWN AWAY by this burger.... and that I would be inspired to write this review right now. Kudos Mickey, you were absolutely right. Your simple friendly bar possesses the best burger in Arizona... and ill be back to grub one again and again and again. But I think you already knew that too.
3	Overlooking my fear of couches, I venture here quite often when in AZ.  I love the sweet potato fries and the after hours.  They have a great patio for cool spring and fall nights, and can be bearable in the oven like heat of the summer with their addition of misters.  Great for groups and meeting up with people.
2	closed...I'm not sure how I feel about it, but I'm not broken hearted...
4	Update:  I decided to check a little further in to the rumors that Mickey's was closing up shop and found a couple of things...  1) They were finishing up repairs/updates as of my visits over the last two weeks, 2) They closed their doors on 07/31/2009 and put up a sign saying RIP, 3) the owner is searching for a buyer for this and his other spot in Scottsdale.From what I can find, it doesn't even seem that the employee's knew they were shutting down.  Certainly nothing was said on either my visits over the last 10 or so days. Such a loss to the HH options in Scottsdale!  : (__________________________________________________The reporting of Mickey's demise was premature. It was in fact undergoing significant repairs and renovations (although I saw no major improvements during my visit two weeks ago).It has re-opened and is back to its perfectly odd  and inviting self.  : )
4	I guess this place closed down (just like everything else on that corner)  but I am crossing my fingers that it re opens again soon.  That is why I decided to write this review.My wife and I go here for brunch.  We love it.  Ingredients are fresh and the menu is constantly changing.  The bloody mary is the best in the valley.  One thing I don't agree with is their fried chicken is not that good.  It's their special Sunday thing and it's only available for a few hours.  It's so so.Other than that, everything on the brunch menu I can vouch for.  This place is a little break from everything else in Snottsdale.  The portions are not overwhelming, but you eat everything on your plate and you are full  This place would get a solid 5 stars if it was cheaper and they hired better servers.  The server Pamela is the only good server there.
4	After frequenting the nightlife in Scottsdale, this was the only place that didn't make me want to kill myself.  I was devastated to find out that it had closed. RIP Mickey's!
