5	I tried the Poke Kabuki style and the Kobe Beef carpaccio as take-away and both were very tasty. I split the order with my boyfriend, so we ate it with some home-made rice and a simple salad. Eaten individually they're quite reasonably portioned and priced given the quality. The beef was velvety and tender, and I would gladly return to try the kobe steak or the kurobuta pork. Quality of the food was great, drinks are priced about the average for the area ($6 for a cocktail, $4 for a bottle of beer) though I didn't try any this time, they looked interesting and would be worth sampling next time. More people need to check this place out, it's a great date spot!
5	Las Vegas-ites... if you have not yet tried your hand on Japanese/Italian pasta plates Chef Tengo Nakamura creates for dinner at Dining Bar Kabuki on 3949 South Maryland Parkway, northeast corner of Target shopping center, YOU ARE MISSING THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!! His creativity to these pasta plates makes them so scrumptious that just thinking about them makes my mouth watery! They still serve traditionary Japanese cuisine at lunch, but they decided to create a slightly different flair to dinner. Check those pasta plates and make a meal worthwhile!
5	I found this place newly added on Restaurant.com and got a great coupon for discount and thought why not!? I am so glad that I chose this place over any others listed on the website. If you have not heard of restaurant.com you are missing out, look into it! I got a coke, hot tea, two pastas, and two deserts having the bill come out to be $20ish for two people! I am definitely a fan 1000%... yeah thats not a typo its 1000%!!!! I will be sure to stop by here when I am in town, be advised they are closed Mondays. They have daily specials that they write on a chalkboard so even if you check out the menu online, don't make up your mind just yet. I wish I had a bigger stomach so I can eat it all! I sooo wanted to try the squid ink pasta on special that day T_T... you know they don't have that at every run-of-the-mill pasta place! If you haven't heard of squid ink pasta or think its disgusting, I say it's because you haven't eaten enough or that your culinary world is very small and I feel very sorry for you.This place gets 5 stars in everything! The decor is tasteful and establishment kept very clean. Service was exceptional, very polite and   thoughtful. Now the food! OMG the pasta was cooked PERFECTLY no mushy noodles or undercooked noodles here. Then the sauce... the taste just makes me want to cry with the pure genuis. I ordered a a clam pasta cooked in the Japanese style. I loved how the clams were cooked to the perfect time, if you know about seafood you know that once you over cook them they get all chewy. This place know defiantly has a cook that know their stuff and is worth whatever salary they are getting and them some. ; ) The other person I was with ordered a kurobuta pork sausage pasta which was on the daily special board. The tomato based sauce had the slightest bit of cream taste to it, and had an amazing quality of ingredients. For desert I had creme brulee  and gelato. The creme brulee was served shallowly in a good sized ramekin so proportionally there was more of the tasty caramelized crust than custard that normal. Also with the gelato it was served with a intriguing black honey that just pair perfectly.I encourage, no wait... I mandate that you eat here and then go out into the streets proclaim the goodness of Dining Bar - Kabuki to others!!! (okay at least eat there and if you have time do your own damm rambling, glowing review on yelp)
4	Last year we heard the raving reviews for this mysterious Japanese Italian restaurant by the name of "Kabuki".  Japanese and Italian in the same sentence?  It sounded interesting enough and we were curious.  Now, this is not to be confused with the Kabuki Japanese Restaurant at Town Square because it's completely different.  Apparently this Kabuki has been around for ten years!We called ahead to make reservations and the woman who answered was certain we knew which Kabuki we were calling.  We pulled up to this unassuming little restaurant in a strip mall.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but you get the definite feel this is a neighborhood kind of place.  There were two other parties already having dinner and and our reserved table was to the left.  Immediately after sitting, the waitress pulls up a blackboard with the daily specials.  She goes over them quickly and leaves you with the board and the rest of the menus.  Indeed, this definitely a Japanese restaurant with Italian influences!   For our party of three, this is what we got: * Scallop, Shrimp, Garlic Anchovy Cream Spaghetti ($16) - This came off the daily specials board and was my favorite of the bunch.  The creamy sauce was flavorful and the spaghetti was cooked perfectly.  The fresh greens on top also brightened the dish, although it does get a bit heavy with the noodles resting on the bottom.  Nonetheless, I was scooping up the sauce and putting it on my rice!* Spaghetti "TARAKO" ($10.75) - This was described as "Japanese No. 1 Traditional Pasta", so I figured it would be a good representation of what they served.  Again, the spaghetti was cooked perfectly and a nice array of things in it.  If you look up 'tarako' online, it means "salted cod fish roe" which explains the salty fish taste (in a good way) in the dish.  We were confused because although we knew the other dish was the anchovy one, the saltiness fish taste gave us the impression this was the anchovy one.* "KUROBUTA" Pork with Amatriciana Sauce ($14.50) - Sliced pork with a sweet tomato-based pork, it was tasty and a bit different.  It also came with a cold noodle salad that was just delicious and reminded me of a cold noodle salad that I had at a San Francisco-based Japanese restaurant that has long since closed.  As this was considered an entree dish, you get bread or steamed white rice with it.We did try ordering the "Grilled Scallop with Tomato and Genovese Sauce" but they were out of it.  Service was fine - there was one waitress on a Saturday evening and it was a bit slow.  She was as polite as you would expect from a Japanese restaurant.I like this place.  It's different and definitely has me curious about their other dishes.  Our friend wasn't as impressed and proclaimed he could make the spaghetti a lot better at home.  Nonetheless, the Husband and I will probably be back to see what else we can try.  Of course, it doesn't hurt that gift certificates are available at http://restaurant.com.
2	I have always wanted to hit this place up for pasta and sushi fusion. Finally, I recently made some time to take the family out. I was really excited after reading other reviews about the neat things they had on the menu and was ready to splurge. When we arrived, it was dead. The only people eating there were the people who worked there. She gave me a lunch menu with 3 item combos and sushi lunch options. The prices were high. I would expect the items to be a few dollars less. They are going to have to be a little bit more creative if they think they can survive in this economy, especially with Yama Sushi across the street that does all you can eat at lunch for about $19.00I had the 12 piece sashimi lunch platter for $12.00. It was fresh, the cut wasn't spectacular and the only think I was offered as a dipping was soy sauce. It came with a bowl of rice. Free hot tea. I felt ripped off because i am spoiled by the wonderful all you can eat spots like Island sushi and Yama. Even Hamada around the corner that has ridiculous high prices I would choose over this place.For a place that has a horrible location, on the corner of the Target strip mall off Flamingo and Maryland, they should consider bringing down the prices. The service was very good, there was a Japanese lady that served me and she was very nice and I didn't try everything else on the menu so I can't say this space sucked. Ricky's platter looked OK, but Herbie did not like this place so we won't go back.
5	This was a tough place to spot.  Even with gps directions i still had to call and find out where they were.  We went on a friday nite and the place was empty.  Has the recession hit vegas that hard or did i just chose a bad restaurant?  We ordered some pasta recommended by the waitress and tempura for the kids.  I can't remember the name of the pastas but they were both pretty good but not extraordinary.  What blew me away was the tempura.  I must've had thousands of tempuras from all over the world and this place has got it right perfectly.  The batter is thin, crispy, and not too oily.  It was totally unexpected and i was thoroughly impressed.  I don't visit vegas often but i will be sure to stop here each time.   Please stay in business before my next visit!
4	After a very enjoyable experience at Kabuki Dining Bar earlier this year, we've been wanting to go back and finally had the chance last week.First off, Kabuki Dining Bar describes itself as serving "a combination of traditional Japanese cuisine...Italian cuisine prepared and served in a Japanese fashion."  Although they do offer sushi and your typical Japanese entrees, I would suggest trying their other items that are more unique and not found at any Japanese restaurant.Located on the East side of vacation, it's a rather spacious restaurant that doesn't get too crowded but has a steady following.The most important thing to pay attention to is the blackboard of daily specials that the waitress will bring around to you as she gives you the regular menu.  She'll go over each item and this is where you should really pay attention.  We found the best dishes to come off this very board!  (A previous highlight has been their Scallop, Shrimp, Garlic Anchovy Cream Spaghetti.)This time we started off with the Parma Prosciutto Mushroom Salad ($9.75).  I now recall there not being any mushroom on this salad at all.  There was definitely the prosciutto on the greens with a drizzling of extra virgin oil oil, salt and pepper, and a fresh squeeze of lemon juice.  It was decent, but now has me wondering about the mushrooms.The Husband ordered the Vongole Spaghetti with Red Sauce ($16), which is ultimately pasta with clams.  They offered this dish with a red or white wine sauce and it came off the daily specials board.The real winner was my choice of the Japanese Pumpkin and Chicken Cream Sauce ($15), which also came off the daily specials board.  What can I say, they really know how to do their cream sauces here.  It's so good, so fatty, and just done so well!  Yum!  And I'm usually not the biggest fan of chicken in my dishes, but there was something so tender and perfectly cooked about the poultry in this dish.  I was immediately impressed, and the Husband was equally surprised at how tender those little morsels were.  I can safely say their cream sauces just wow me to no end! Service - the waitresses are really nice and do their job, including bringing us extra dishes so we could share and things like that.Things to note: soft drinks are by the bottle, they don't come from a soda machine.  And don't forget your gift certificate from restaurant.com!  Like I said -  stick to their daily specials board or other unique entrees and leave the sushi and typical stuff for your regular Japanese restaurant.
5	This is a little secret I want to share. The fish is always fresh and the chef is always eager to create a special. I've been several times and almost always leave the ordering to him...he won't disappoint. The yellowtail  was 'like butter' on Saturday night and he did something magical to the tuna..soaked in sake and soy sauce. Though a weekend night, the place was slow....sushi this good deserves the attention of the masses. Go to Kabuki Dining Bar and enjoy a hidden treasure!
4	We ate here yesterday night and was pleasantly surprised.  We went quite late and there were only three tables of customers.  The cute Japanese waitress greeted us and brought over their daily specials board and explained to us what were their specials of the day.  Wasn't sure what to expect from their Japanese/Italian fusion spaghetti.  We tried a place out in L.A. that served this type of cuisine, but was not impressed with the taste and price. Surprisingly, this place tasted quite good.  We started out with the herb salted fried chicken appetizer.  It was deliciously moist and delightful.  Then came the Kurobuta katsu don, OMG it was soooooo good.  The pork was so tender and full of flavour.  Then we had the Tarako & calamari spaghetti and the mentaiko and crab spaghetti.  The dishes came out wonderfully presented and there was this huge mountain of pasta.  They were well worth the money.  The pasta were al dente and the sauce were plentiful.  The Tarako spaghetti wasn't as tasty as the crab one, but both had quite a unique taste to it. We will definitely go back and try some of their other dishes.
2	Frankly I find it very hard to recommend this place.  First, the good things!  I got a Restaurant.com coupon, and was totally craving some good Italian food, but I'm also a big fan of Japanese food so this combination of Italian-Japanese sounded great.  The location was okay, though a bit hard to find.  The place was well-decorated, as you'd expect for a Japanese place, and the waitress was nice, though not particularly energetic nor friendly.  The menu was interesting.  Since I wanted to try their uniqueness, and not where they're the same as any other Japanese place, I wanted to focus on the pasta.  We ordered a chicken pasta with Japanese mushrooms, along with a salisbury steak made of beef and kurobuta pork.  For an appetizer, we had the calamari tempura, and dessert was a gelato with Kinako and black honey.  Here's each in turn:Calamari Tempura:  Nothing special, despite being on the specials menu.  It was exactly what it says:  Deep-friend pieces of squid (Japanese cut) with breading.  Chicken with Japanese mushrooms:  Weird.  Basically it was a spaghetti in a broth, with a few pieces of chicken and some mushrooms in it.  I can't really describe the taste, aside from it being fairly bland and a bit salty.  It didn't seem like the mushrooms added much to the flavor, and all together seemed like a thrown together mish-mash.  Beef and Kurobuta Pork Salisburg Steak:  Entirely mediocre.  It's just a Salisbury steak.  This one came with a salad, two slices of orange, a sprig of broccoli, and small pasta birdsnest.  The cold pasta thing was really good, actually.  Saved the dish from being entirely forgettable.Gelato with Kinako and Black Honey:  This was pretty good.  Seemed like a sweet cream gelato with a bittersweet honey and kinako crumbs, which added nothing almost to the flavor, but was a good choice for some texture to what would otherwise have been plain ice cream.  Overall, the service was a bit a slow, and not very friendly, but not rude.  See photos of the dishes if you like.  Not bad, but seriously, with all the good places to eat in Vegas, I won't waste my time and money going back.
5	I'm writing this review for the All-You-Can-Eat deal for Dinner.My friends and I got dropped off in the center across the street to dine at another renowned sushi place (Yama sushi?)  When we took a look at the cluster of people waiting outside, my empty stomach dropped.  The wait was about 45 minutes, and I said Hell to the No.  So I yelped for sushi nearby, and found Kabuki.We worked up our appetites running illegally across the street in heels and dodging cars.  The strip mall where Kabuki is dilapidated and straight up scary looking, but don't be fooled.Kabuki is clean, well decorated, and run by wonderful Japanese people!  All you can eat is 25 for dinner--There is a separate menu with special rolls, nigiri, maki, appetizers, cooked entrees (mini udon!!), and dessert to select from.  We ordered a little bit of everything under the sun, down to dessert... so I can safely say everything here is bombskies.  Definitely try the desserts!!  They have a few different mousses that are delectable.  The waitress was so sweet and suggested items from the menu.  She checked on us every 10 minutes with a smile so huge her eyes were actually like this ^_ ^  . Kabuki makes me so happy.  So happy in fact, I never regretted eating so much sushi when I yakked a later that night from partying too much.  TMI?  Yea, probably.  Sorry... but it was that good.
4	I like ayce but what happened to those italian dishes? chefs are japanese and they do serve high quality sushi though. Smaller amount of rice compared to other ayce sushi joint, which, im sure is a good news to ladies. Too bad, only one order of dessert, bc im still dreaming of that green tea pannacotta. (update) Just came back from Nakamuraya... WOW, thanks yelpers!
5	Hands down one of my favorites in my lifetime.  And I've lived in 29 places.  You have to try it.  Japanese owned, always a plus!  The sushi is always perfect.  They have all you can eat.  No reason to worry!  And, they have this home made green tea panna cotta that is excellent!!!  Not ur typical American desert!!!  Very unique, a must try.Any questions, message me.  I love to see great places thrive!
3	The food is comparable to Sushimon, but the service was horrible. For 3 people to order 7, basic roles, it took an hour and a half...and that was our first order. After subsequent roles were order (then a "quick dessert") we were there for 2 1/2 hours when it would have been 30-45 minutes at Sushimon. After 3 visits, good food, horrible service.
5	My wife and I were dedicated Yama Sushi fans for years, but it is just not as good as it used to be. So we have been looking for a new sushi place, and I believe we found it in Kabuki. The AYCE is $3 more, but the better service, food, atmosphere and lack of line is well worth it. So long Yama. We had a great meal at Kabuki and the servers were exceptionally hospitable to our two year old daughter (who can be high maintenance at meals), including giving her a special kid's cup, plate, spoon and fork - just like we were at home! We had four great rolls and some very good nigiri. Look forward to trying more things the next time we go!
5	SO GOOD!The fish is fresh and the food is great.  I really like the chirashi bowls (the nami one is my fav) and the spicy ahi don is super tasty too.  Their portions are great and for the price, I am definitely impressed.  Plus, for the AYCE sushi lovers, they have an AYCE menu available as well.  I recommend the St. James roll and the Daisuke roll (named after Daisuke, the sushi chef at Kabuki).  The people are great, super nice, and very inviting.  Definitely one of my favorite sushi joints and I definitely plan to come back often!
5	Great experience!  Good quality for AYCE sushi, with a nice selection of traditional sushi, not-so-traditional rolls and cooked dishes.  The severs are kind and it's a lovely room, in contrast to other AYCE joints.  Looking forward to many returns.
4	I always love celebrating victories on exams with AYCE sushi, and I'd heard good things about this place. Came here on a Thursday and had to look at a back corner of the strip mall to find this restaurant. Somewhat surprised to find a pleasant, darker-colored decor that was a bit more welcoming than some places, and some nice orchids and whatnot spread around. Tables seemed to be made of real wood too.In terms of nigiri, cajun albacore and yellowtail were the most impressive for me, followed by super white and salmon. St. George (5 piece), Red Rock, and baked lasagna rolls were great, and Daisuke and 007 rolls were pretty good. Mussels seem a little smaller than at other places and come 3 per order, but it also seems healthier because it's not slathered in that fatty sauce, and there's a bit of teriyaki sauce and whatnot that puts a different spin on it. I also enjoyed the green tea panna cotta for my dessert, and it comes in a fun little bowl.However, I was not that impressed by the amaebi (sweet shrimp). Texture was too mushy, temperature seemed a bit warm. Also, you'd think we might get better service in terms of being asked for our orders more frequently since we were either alone or with one other table during a relatively vacant lunch hour. My other menu complaints are the limit of 1 dessert per person for AYCE (those desserts are rather small, as you'd expected) and no dynamite on the menu.Overall, the little issues add up and I can't give five stars yet in good faith. Still, it's a nice AYCE sushi joint that you should try once, and given that it's not too far from Yama, it's good alternative if the latter is too crowded for you.(EDIT 3/30: Noticed some typos, added a bit about the decor)
4	I really enjoy the chirashi bowls here. Chef is always very very generous for the fish, scallop, and sea urchin. It's definitely worth $18 for it!! Everything here is fresh. I am definitely coming back for trying AYCE next time ! And if you check in on yelp, you get 10% off from the bill!!
4	When you think of the desert, you think...sushi of course. I've been lucky enough to consume sushi on 3 different continents and Kabuki may not give Osaka a run for it's money, but it is a welcome surprise in the land that Chicago mobsters built. It's off the beaten path, which in Vegas means at least a mile from the center of the action, and it's affordable, fresh and creative. Gyoza and miso staples paved the way for a rainbow roll for lunch which proved to be of highest quality, important for even the lowliest of sushi joints. I'd give it 5, but I'm a snob who lived behind Fugakyu in Boston or 5 years and hold it as a measuring stick to, well, everything...if you want a quality meal in Vegas without casino-inflated prices, Kabuki is a sure bet.
2	The rolls were poorly rolled. Every time we picked up a roll it was falling apart. The rolls took a long time to come out. The larger rolls, the Austin Texas and the St. George were too big individual rolls, looked like rolls that were supposed to be a joke on Victorious. It was a waste of $25.  Over usage of cucumbers.  The deep fried oyster was a bad bad idea.We were the only one in the restaurant but the service was sub-par.  They waited ten minutes after both of our drinks were completely depleted to offer a refill. In which then they refilled my boyfriend's drink came back 10 minutes later and realized I might want to drink too.Never again.
3	Not bad but not excellent either. Ate with my family (wife and a kid) and I can say the place looks nice, the dishes are reasonably priced and quite good (even though I've tasted better) - one thing that spoiled the taste a bit was that my wife asked for the beans the serve "complimentary" and then we found out they charged $2 for it. That could have been said when the waiter was asked
4	I was looking to try a different Japanese restaurant while visiting Las Vegas. I generally frequent Ichiza, but when I called there was the usual one hour wait. When I arrived at Kabuki on a Sunday night, there was only one other table with patrons (which caused me to pause), but Yelp reviewers generally get it right so I tried it. A "check in" with 10% off sealed the deal to give it a try. I have tried several AYCE sushi and Japanese restaurants over the years and I would say this is one of the better ones. Their nigiri sushi was quite good, good quality sashimi with a small piece of lightly seasoned rice. The maguro, hamamachi, salmon, and uni were very good. I also tried and liked the poki salad and shrimp tempura. The teriyaki beef and chicken, and rolled sushi were average at best. Stay with the nigiri sushi and seafood and you will be pleasantly surprised.
2	My girlfriend and I originally wanted to go to Yama sushi, unfortunately they wanted us to wait a good old hour before we can be seated. instead of waiting we drove to kabuki since it was right across the street.It was about $25 for all-you-can-eat sushi. And although they had an okay selection of sushi, I got to say that there is nothing that really stood out for me that was actually good. Most of the sushi just seem to be average.There is only one other group of people that was in the building when we arrived. And the service seemed to be really really really slow. I would understand if it was packed and we had to wait between five and 10 minutes to even get a simple drink refill, but when no one else is there parentheses for obvious reasons and parentheses that shouldn't make any sense.I really wanted to give this place is a good shot. But unfortunately I am disappointed. And two stars is the best that I can give it which is probably the lowest rating of ever given for a sushi place let alone all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant for me.#yamaforlife#usedsiriforreview
5	Get the Viva Las Vegas roll and the Austin, Texas roll. You'll keep coming back again and again and again.
3	I'm really not searching for a new sushi joint but a co-worker recommended this place so I had to try it.It's located in an old strip mall behind Target and it's kind of hidden. It's a pleasant surprise when you walk in. It's small yet intimate and tastefully decorated.My husband and I went for an early dinner so there was no crowd to deal with. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. She asked if it was our first time there and made suggestions of their top selling items.I can't remember everything we ordered but there were a few standout items. The Calamari Tempura's batter was nice and fluffy. The Poke Salad was fresh. The Orgasm Salad had lots of fresh tuna and the salad dressing is so yummy.We ordered so many different rolls that I wish I grabbed a menu so I could list them all. One of their best selling rolls is the St. George Roll. I'm not a fan of rolls so huge that there is no way I could fit it in my mouth unless I unhinge my jaw. Even though it was too big, it was still good. We also had yellowtail nigiri and super white tuna. They were very fresh but a little heavy on the wasabi for my taste.I loved the dessert because they offer more than the typical mochi ice cream or green tea ice cream. We had the Green Tea Panna Cotta and Black Sesame Blanc Manger. OMG! Melt in your mouth delicious!!I really enjoyed this AYCE restaurant because their fish was fresh and the service was friendly. I have to say that I enjoyed the appetizers and dessert a little more than the sushi. I would go back again if I'm in the area.3.5 stars.
5	oh my authentic :)I'm originally from Japan so usually I cook own or just eat "kind of Japanese food" in Vegas.Sushi was fresh than all other AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas! Chicken Katsu was yummy, Teriyaki Chicken's sause was not American Teriyaki sause.  It was yakitori taste yum yum. Honestly I felt this place is like a very cheap ordinary restaurant in Japan.It's enough for me! coz I can't find any places like here for this price.Interior is not fancy but great cheap eat place!!If they serve fresh rice, perrrrrfect!!
5	My husband and I just had lunch there, and even though  I didnt remember to take pictures, I am pleased with the service and cleanliness of the place. I had fried oysters. They came with salad, rice and a little bit of pasta. Very tasty!. My husband had sort of chicken and he was also pretty happy. The waitress was really sweet. I'd would go back there.
3	I would really give this place a 3.5 stars almost 4. I really like their food.  The service is alright. I think they really only have one good server. Her name is Rachel. I give her 5 stars for her service. She's an amazing server. Very sweet and attentive. And she's quick too. If you go there, ask for her! I feel like other severs don't really care.. It's like "okay, what can I get for you?" And maybe check on you when your food hasn't gotten to your table yet. Food is good though! Happy Hour is great! I always have to have my Krab salad with extra avocado. The tempura udon is really good too! I really like the broth. Hamachi Kama is delicious too!  I've been here many of times and still haven't tried a lot things haha. I definitely will be back and asking for Rachel to be my server!
5	This place is open (contrary to what yelp says)!!!! everything was awesome.  I actually think its a better sushi place than yama. The fact that its cheaper and that they have 2-1 deals on a lot of their drinks is a cherry on top. my only complaint is that we had to prompt them multiple times to get a few orders out but i didnt mind it that much. this was my second time going this week and i cant wait to go again.
