3	Sally Beauty Supply has been there for me at the inception of a number of terrible ideas. Whether it was hair extensions I felt qualified to put in myself, a spray tan I thought I could DIY, or, most recently, bleaching my own roots per YouTube tutorial, Sally has always been there to supply me with what I ((don't)) need.The employees at this Sally's location are friendly, but seem to be in no rush to assist customers and get them out the door. Maybe that's corporate strategy intended to increase impulse buying?? When I was here today there were two employees at the check out stand helping out two separate customers. Excellent, but there were also three customers waiting alongside the checkout stand with questions. The first employee barely acknowledged the waiting customers when they addressed her with their question, but after a few moments had passed the second employee let the customers know he would help them in just a minute. The customer service could probably be improved just a little bit, but I'm sure I'll be back no matter what.
3	Oh Sally's... Always an adventure. This store has the stuff I want at great prices. You save more if you buy a member card ($5/year- not too bad). Like the reviewer below, I would also agree that the employees are less than helpful. They don't attempt to ask if you need help and don't have much to say when I ask questions about their products. They look miserable- like they can't wait to get out of work. Oh well, it doesn't seem like there is any manager/supervisor type of person so I accept that this is just the way it is...Luckily I know my way around Sally's and the website has customer reviews to help you decide on products. That does mean that I have to do research online before coming in since I can't rely on the employees which is just a little inconvenient. All-in-all, a great selection of products at good prices but mediocre service.
3	Sally's is always really good when you need the "real professional stuff" which most of the time, no one really needs unless you're bleaching your hair or something.Overpriced nail polish and eyelashes. actually overpriced everything usually! they always greet you at the door but never seem interested in helping you out! Unless you're really in need of professional stuff, everything else can be found at a reasonable price elsewhere
5	Sign up for the rewards program if you are making a purchase! You get a discount on your purchases, rewards bonuses for purchases, and free stuff with your first purchase. Walked out of there with free stuff and discounts on our purchase. Totally worth it!
1	This is absolute worst sally's I have ever been to!!! Not one person knows what they are talking about. I have been here 3 times and every time I'm told something totally false. Yesterday the girl told me to use a sealer as a conditioner after dyeing my hair. Wtf no totally false. They need to fire everyone here and get people who actually know what they are doing with out a giant attitude. Horrible horrible horrible!! Idk if it's just me but I would like to have people who know what there talking about when it comes to my hair.
5	I recently decided to dye my hair all kinds of wild colors and where else can I get the best variety for the best price ? so off to Sally's on Craig RD I went. Well let me just say that is the worst Sally's I have EVER EVER EVER been to and it almost made me not want to ever enter another Sally's again. Now I know what you're thinking." ITS ON CRAIG ROAD WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?" and frankly you're right I should of known better but I didn't realize there was a sally's within such a short distance but as I was heading to Walmart on Decatur I decided to pop in and try out this Sally's beauty supply.    Thank the lord I did because my hair came out amazing and I was able to get awesome discounts and friendly service from Angel. He helped me out and explained the best ways to dye my hair while finding me a coupon and getting me set up with a sally's rewards card. Not only did he help me really well the first time but I came back in a few days later to use this coupon I had earned and the manager and another lady (didn't catch her name) were super nice and helpful as well. This place has some things for such a great deal and other things pretty over priced but for a variety of hair dyes especially in wild colors its worth checking out!
