4	What an amazing feature in this extremely cold city in the winter. I went to Montreal in February 2007, and while many people said I was crazy, I knew about this underground city while researching my trip.Montreal's underground city is directly underneath this amazing city. It is 19 miles long, and it links many major buildings and shopping options.This underground city is spotless! As a New Yorker, I walked through this tunnel, and was amazed by the cleanliness of the passageways.So many restaurants, stores and other things to do while walking around the city below Montreal. My hotel, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth had an escalator outside its lobby door that brought you down to the underground city.
4	We were all -- me and the 12-year-old niblings -- impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency of the underground walkways and buildings. "This is nothing like New York, it's clean," they repeated several times. It's truly a terrific idea in a city that can get blisteringly cold. Even though we were here at summer's end, we really enjoyed the uniqueness of subterranean shopping, and even the pre-teens could appreciate the practicality. I only wish the entrances were better marked, since it seems we passed several before finally figuring out how to get in.
1	You must be kidding me. I don't get what people are talking about when they talk about the underground city (much less as an actual tourist attraction). Tourists all know about it but ask any Montrealer and they scoff at the very idea. The "underground city" is nothing more than a series of interconnected shopping malls on St. Catherine in the downtown of Montreal. Lots of boring, overpriced stores (just remember: if you miss one Aldo shoe store, just keeping walking and you'll be sure to find another) and crappy food courts.  Sure, wandering through that dizzying maze of consumer nothingness is preferable to walking outside when it's 30 below in February but that's not saying much now, is it?
3	Perhaps if I had visited in the winter I would have been more impressed. The underground city is interesting to me as we don't have them in Vancouver, however it is essentially a series of connected malls (and the University of course), and offers the same stores with shameless repetition. There are limited stores which are not chains, so if you are visiting from anywhere in Canada this will not offer a unique shopping experience with few exceptions.The food courts were however handy for quick bites.
4	Inside, it looks just like a mall. But what gives it its charm is that it's underground! I felt like I was exploring an underground city that thrived after some horrific disaster that occured above ground. For a few seconds, I thought 'Waterworld' meets "Blast from the Past". There really is no logic behind it, but that's what I felt, and what I feel is a result of my feelings. That makes sense.There weren't many chain-retail stores (they were all above ground, those snooty bastids), mostly off brands and family-owned businesses. But browsing through mom-and-pop shops made me feel warm inside. Some of the shopowners tried their best to push merchandise, and I was a victim of their puppy-face guilt-trip sales pitches. But no worries, I needed another pair of faux-shearling-lined cowboy boots.
1	I guess I was a little disappointed, so I wouldn't want to get anyone else's hopes up.Imagine half a dozen underground malls that are connected.  That is pretty much it.  If you enjoy food courts, and shopping all day without seeing daylight, then this might be your place.  But the shopping above is better, in my humble opinion.  And the food as well.I don't find the underground as charming as I find it convenient, but if you like spending your day as a mole, then I think you'd like it here.  I have lived in Montreal for 6 months, and don't use if very often.And yes, it is clean, and it is impressive how big it really is.  It is huge.
2	While I appreciate shiny things (they instantly distract me) and occasional refuge from the elements, I think there is something romantic about freezing your arse off walking outdoors and having to dust the snow off your noggin when you go into a shoppe. Maybe the whole underground mall thing just brings out my claustrophobic side if I think about it for too long, but all-in-all, I wasn't that wowed by this 18-mile retail explosion. Ask me again when I'm a geriatric, sporting a track suit.
3	First off - I found this place bloody difficult to find!  Maybe I just didn't understand the concept but I thought that I'd be able to zip down after a visit to the museum and at the point on my map where it said there was an entrance, I'd be able to pop underground.  Well, I spent nearly 2 hours looking for the ruddy place!  I was finally headed back to the hotel when, by lucky chance, I found an entrance!  Yay!!!I was more interested in the Underground City as, well, an underground city than I was interested in it as a mall.  The concept fascinates me and I wanted to see what it was like.  But unfortunately, once you're in it you forget that you're underground and just feel like you're in a mall.  The concept still amazes me, and I'm glad that I checked it out (and I think that you should too if you're in Montreal) but I'm not sure if it would be someplace I'd make a point in putting on my itinerary again.I can definitely see this being a benefit in the winter especially if you could use it as part of your commute so you could walk without having to trudge through the slush and freeze your toesies off!
3	Miles upon miles of relaxing (and potentially expensive) trots, skips and traversing await you in Montreal's underground city.You can literally just get lost, not to mention really tired enjoying this very uniquely large area underneath the hustle and bustle above you. The underground city bridges many major buildings, universities, hotels, shops, restaurants, offices, even the metro.It's always busy with people, brightly lit, impeccably clean, and is a safe haven from the wrath of mother nature. Although I will admit, I sometimes also love being in the open air as well.The most impressive aspect, well to me at least, and other than the fact that the underground city stretches just shy of 20 miles, is the food court. It is quite an eye opener, offering every option that your hungry tummy can conjure up.I obviously didn't come close to trekking the sub 20 miles but the food court alone is incentive enough to try.
4	A mole-like world...who knew, right?  Miles and miles of subterranean pathways and shopping, fountains, and plantlife (???) so that you can avoid the extreme weather of Montreal (very hot or very cold).  A very interesting place for one who doesn't live in Montreal.
2	More like underground mall. There's nothing city about. It's a bunch of shops and places to eat, and just happens to be bellow ground. If you want a good mall, sure check it out. But if you're looking for something more, this is a waste of your time.
4	This place is worth it especially in the middle of winter. It sure beats walking outside in the cold and wind freezing your butt off. A good way to get exercise too. It just goes on and on, mile after mile, store after store, metro to metro.A fun way to explore Montreal in the winter.
2	I think I was expecting too much. I heard it was an underground city. If someone would have just told me it was mostly just an elaborate mall I think I would have had a more realistic idea of what I was walking into. If I lived here I think I would have a greater appreciation for being able to shop and walk around without having to step outside. However, I was here to see Montreal's sights and shopping centers don't really do it for me.
2	If it had better food and store selections, then I'd give it 3 or 4 stars. I was expecting more and was underwhelmed. Maybe I hyped it up in my head too much. I'm sure if I was there in the winter, I'd be seeking refuge there, but above ground in Montreal in the summer was too pretty to miss!
3	RESO definitely worth a solid 3 star if it is cold and freezing and snowing or raining outside... Great place to get lost... Gee, why am I going around in circle... I just want to walk South.... Don't follow me, I am lost!!The stores can get a little boring if you are into shopping,,,.. I just want to have a break from the freezing coldI end up just going back on the street... just walk South, a little cold but at least I find my way back to the hotel.
4	I was very fascinated by this place. The underground city is one continuous mall that spans 7 metro stations in the downtown area. Famous for its endless shops and boutiques and a sanctuary for those who seek to escape the unforgiving summer heat or the bitterness of winter, the underground city is an interesting way to get around the downtown area, great for grabbing some quick eats and window shopping some famous stores. Admittedly, it is very easy to get lost in here - once you've ducked into the maze that is the underground city, it's hard to tell where you'll end up. Although, there are semi-helpful signs posted everywhere to point to essential streets and metro stations to make sure you don't stray too far from your destination.
4	Why do people keep claiming this is an underground "mall"? It's so much more than shopping. Tunnels connecting buildings (not to mention 7 metro stations on 2 lines), home to a winter art festival, keeps us warm in the cold winters...  this is a Montreal tourist attraction worth experiencing and a huge advantage for us locals who navigate downtown on a regular basis. There are some really interesting things down there. Check it out!
3	I actually expected more... I don't know - maybe some flea markets? But this was literally an extended version of NYC's subway system - several tunnels leading to an entrance to either a subway or a mall...
4	Love it! So glad to have somewhere warm to walk! But why do the stores close so early on weekends???
4	This place is like a secret or something.  As I was walking down St Catherine St 5 people stopped me to ask me where this underground city is.  Underground City?  I want to go check it out!  Its basically  a mall with a subway.  Its cool!  I came here everyday just for the Paysane Gelato that they have here.  They earn 1 extra star for that.  Its good!
2	Why does everything list this as a top tourist attraction? It's a never ending maze of shopping malls. There's nothing interesting about it. If you want to shop, go for it, but you'll find the same stores as are in any US mall.
