4	Tried evolve because of a livingsocial coupon for a facial, and really enjoyed it. Booking the appointment was very easy, and everyone I spoke with was friendly and accommodating. It was my first facial, and Chelsea performed the service. She was professional and welcoming, asked questions about skin issues and any preferences I had. The facial and arm/shoulder/neck rub were all very soothing. She kept me informed of what she was doing, and let me choose whether or not I wanted to do extractions. I opted in, and while not exactly comfortable, they were also not painful. I would do them again at another facial, since the reward far outweighs the discomfort. I felt like I was in control the whole time, and if I had wanted to change steam/exfoliator/extractor I could have (but I didn't, they all were at good levels for me). The products used had a pleasant, though astringent, odor. If you are in the mood for things that are fruity or organic this may not be the best option. I enjoyed it, but others may feel differently.Things that were nice: pleasant and clean decor, personalities, facial itself was very relaxing and enjoyable. Appointment availability was great.Things I would have changed: the music was a smidge loud, and while mostly relaxing it sometimes changed tracks or instruments in a slightly jarring way.I would love to see more combination services or speciality facials, maybe a facial/30 min massage combo?Overall, I would come back again, and am considering the membership option :-)
5	I received a full body massage, and it was the best massage I've ever received! The masseuse took the time to get to know me and my issues; then she proceeded to work out every kink in my body. Well worth every penny. All of the staff members are very helpful and courteous. I highly recommend you go and experience it for yourself. You will NOT be disappointed!
5	I've been super stressed physically and mentally after a move and haven't been sleeping well so I hit up Yelp looking for a covenient spa that could get me in for a massage quick!  Evolve fit the bill and the online scheduling made making a same day appointment simple and convenient.  My bar for massages has been set pretty high by the spa at Nemacolin but Trisha at Evolve was every bit as good (if not better). I felt extremely comfortable and taken care of and can't wait to go back!
5	I very much enjoyed my facial and massage at Evolve....I would definitely come back again.
4	My friend and I purchased Living Social deals awhile back, so we thought a little spa day was a great way to end a wknd. Evolve is a fabulous place! The staff was incredibly polite and efficient. They made us feel very welcome.  My facialist, Melissa, was great! She discussed my skin with me, and what I was looking for.  I chose a moisturizing facial, and then added on a anti-aging Neck mask.  I left feeling refreshed and my skin glowing.  Evolve has a great membership program, for the basic membership, it is $49/month for a year. You have your choice of either a massage or a facial, with no charge to switch each month's you want to get both you can add the massage for an additional $39. WHAT A DEAL!I will definitely be returning to Evolve!
5	On my second journey to Evolve I treated my boyfriend to a couples massage for his birthday.  Just as before the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful booking the appointment and also when we arrived.  Both of us had great massages!  I had Lauren and she was fantastic.  She consulted with me before my massage and made sure that pressure was OK throughout my massage. I really love this place. The atmosphere is very comfortable, and as I've already mentioned service here is impeccable.In my previous review I discussed how they have a $49/month membership that allows you to receive either a hour massage or facial. (with no cost to switch between each month)  You can also add on additional massages for just $39.  For anyone who has had massages this is a great deal!  I signed up for my membership today and I'm glad I did!  I can't wait until my next appt at Evolve Massage and Wellness!
5	Got a full body massage with aromatherapy done from Lindsey. I liked the fact that she spent time  prior to the massage asking me about my problem areas & the amount of pressure I preferred. The massage itself was wonderful & included the face as well as scalp. She did a combination of Swedish & deep tissue massage which was perfect. I'm not particularly fond of deep tissue massage but this combination worked for me. i found myself dozing off while she was worked on my arms and legs...A first for me!The Spa itself has a beautiful decor & the mood set perfectly for relaxation. I have never had aromatherapy before & liked the fact that they had an info sheet on how different aromatic oils worked. You can mix and match the oils to get a personalized mix. I got the lemon and lavender, which spelled great! The best part...they give you a bottle of the combination you make (Lotion or oil..you choose) to take home with you...what else can you ask for!!
5	I sent my wife here for a scavenger hunt. The associates we extremely helpful and cooperative with my elaborate plan. However last minute snags caused this destination to be pushed back. She did visit Evolve on another day and the feedback I received from my wife was incredible. She said everyone was extremely helpful and kind. They made her feel comfortable. She received a facial and eyebrows service. She couldn't be happier with the amount of attention she was given by each associate. By her verbal review, I highly recommend this place.
5	Love this place! Very affordable massages and facials. Staff is very professional and everything is very clean. I would defiantly recommend anyone to go here over Massage Envy. They have monthly packages just like Massage Envy but don't lock you down or have hidden fees.
5	We had a couples massage here recently. I was given a gift certificate and based on great reviews, I decided to try it out. The staff and massage therapists were all very friendly and helpful. It doesn't have that unsavory "corporate" feel to it. Awesome deals for first timers as well!! Make sure to utilize the check in deal!! I am now considering a membership here. Prices are just right and quality is on par!
5	I had my first massage today at Evolve, and it was a great experience!  The place was very clean, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed my massage so much that I purchased a year's membership at a great price.  I can't wait to go back and try the facial.A special thank you to Erin for all her help!
5	Wow. I mean just wow. Megan and her spindly fingers found everything that could ever hurt. I mean that in the best way! If I am not sore the next day I don't want it. I work industrial for a living and am therefore sedentary or standing for hours on end. So I need something strong and effective. They are also one of the most affordable places I have ever been to. Ask about the memberships if you have the ability to go multiple times. It is remarkably less than a dollar a minute. Once again Megan is so good she'll make you cry. Literally!
4	Best massages ever! Chase uses firm but sensitive pressure and works out all of the tension and knots in my neck, back and hips. I highly recommend a visit here - anyone you get will be great!! Only reason I gave them 4 stars instead if 5 is that, one cold winters day last week I drive an hour out to the location for my appointment, only to find it closed early for inclement weather. A call/message would have been ideal, especially since they charge you if you don't show or cancel less than 24 hours in advance.
4	Love Evolve massages!  I signed up for the monthly packages soon after receiving a facial and massage at an incredible new customer deal this past summer.  I walked out after feeling completely refreshed and signed up for their monthly service which is an even better deal -less than $1 per minute for massages.  Crazy, but the best indulgence I can think of after a long day of work.  Only 4 stars because my favorite masseuse does not work weekends making it tough to sign up with her and they are changing their monthly specials after my year long contract is done [already changed for those who sign up now] to a higher cost!  Do not love the extra charges - hence one star off for sure.
4	Justen is superb. I feel like a new woman. My neck was so tight it was uncomfortable to turn my head, I saw him 2 weeks ago and then again today.. Thank goodness for that. Regular sessions is really the way to go for me to maintain a 'feel good' lifestyle...Thank you Justen!
5	I just visited Evolve for the first time. I had Karen (a former Registered Nurse) as my MT and she is awesome!! It's obvious she knows the body well and knew exactly where I was hurting. Probably one of the best (if not the top) massages I've had in the Pittsburgh area. She has a great spirit about her as well...very nurturing. Highly recommend her!
5	LOVE this place! I've been here several times and will return. Very friendly staff. The place is spotless. I talked to the owner and he was extremely friendly and knowledgable. I got a massage and chiropractic adjustment (the owner is a chiropractor). A++.
5	Love this place! By far the best massages I've ever had. I had a years membership here over the last 2 years and unfortunately can no longer go there due to moving away. Very reasonably priced and they spend the full time of the massage actually working on you. Kailyn was my usual therapist and always did wonderful, I'd highly recommend her. Depending on scheduling, I also routinely saw April, who was also fantastic.
