2	In the corner of the Albertson's/Target shopping center, I don't find this place all that great, just sort of "there!" Once in a while I'll stop in here, and I've found a few things to buy- a video camera case, a sweatshirt, etc. etc. I prefer Marshall's at Desert Ridge and most all of the Ross stores in the area, compared to this place.
1	TJ Suxx!  This place usually has maaaaaybe 1 cashier, if God is shining down on you there might happen to be 2, but usually all the employees are hiding in the back behind housewares somewhere.  I went in looking for some cheap boardshorts, nothin good but found some nice sunglasses that actually fit my crooked ears and didn't have tacky designs all over them, which is a rare find, so I figured what the hell, nice new shades.  WRONG.  After waiting in line for 10 minutes while some employee who looked like Grimace with a scraggly wig on wrang up a fellow cat lady hoarder (this place is full of hoarders btw, it's like hoarder heaven)...she FINALLY intercoms for more cashiers cuz there are now like 8 more hoarders in line behind me and my sunglasses.  The robot concierge voice says 'Register 4 is now available' so i roll up.  What a surprise, Shrek is working at TJ Maxx you guys! I hand this guy my sunglasses and he proceeds to spend the next 5 minutes using all of his ogre strength (and ogre brain) trying to get the security sensor off the sunglasses.  Dude is breaking a sweat meanwhile some other 9 month pregnant coworker is just sittin on the phone just watching him, and some 15 year old kid is trying to fix the return he just fucked up.  True allstars, but I know it's TJ Maxx so my expectation level was already at zero and about to get worse. By this point I know the sunglasses are going to break and sure enough....SNAP!  Shrek breaks the sunglasses! DUUUURRRRRRR.  He then drops them and says "I give up."  just as scraggle-Grimace decides to swoop in and offer some help 5 minutes too late.  Then they tell me to go get another pair, to which I say "That was the only one, so thanks a lot for making me wait here for 15 minutes so you can break the 1 item I was going to buy. BYYYYEEE!!!" retards.So fuck you Shrek, and fuck you Scraggle-Grimace, fuck you hoarders and fuck this place forever.-peace
2	Popped in here looking for some dress slacks....the selection was terrible.  Normally, TJ Maxx has a nice selection of dress pants and shirts, but this location was very disappointing.The store was very disorganized too, stuff everywhere.  They weren't busy, so I'm not sure what happened....maybe I caught them on a bad day?  or a tornado ripped through it?Return Factor - 32%
2	This particular TJX is a perfect 20 minute time killer on a Saturday. You walk in, look at the clothes racks, decide they look exactly like the last time you were here, and head to the exit. But just before exiting, you look to the left and see the vast array of well priced, quality luggage. After doing this myself on many occasions, I can now write that I own enough luggage for a family of twelve.Many TJX stores have a decent clothing selection, however, this store is not one of them.
4	This store may be small in area but has big bargains inside. Compared to sister store Marshall's, the square footage may be limited but they pack the store with plenty of merchandise in a variety of departments. Its size is similar to most traditional TJ Maxx stores and it's unfair to compare it to Marshall's (or more specifically Marshall's Mega Store) for quantity of items in stock. I've visited this location numerous times and I'm thrilled to have found so many fabulous bargains. I'd much rather shop at this TJ Maxx location then any disastrously disorganized and filthy Ross store.
4	I like to think of TJ Maxx as an expensive version of Ross. I'm loathe to pay over $10 for a shirt, especially when I don't know the brand or quality. It could be a single wear/wash shirt that gets thrown away or it could be a keeper. That normally keeps me away from TJ Maxx unless I can't find what I'm looking for at Ross. Luckily, this trip to TJ Maxx was a good one. I got 2 shirts, a pair of shorts, and a pair of shoes for under $80. If it was at Ross, I'd definitely pay less, but these were nice shirts that seemed to be of good quality. (Cross your fingers!) The items here are more "fashionable" than some of the items at Ross as well, so that's a plus. Also, this store seems larger than Ross with a wider variety of items. (More home goods and definitely more men's items.) If you are looking for a bargain, defiantly check it out.
5	Love this place. Super clean and nice inside, everything is organized which I love. The purse and wallet section is awesome compared to other TJ Maxxs'. Employees are nice, carts could be a little bit bigger though. The food section was not that big either which was disappointing but you could just go to another TJ Maxx or Marshal's for a bigger food selection. Cashiers were fast and then line went fast too. Good selection for phone cases and chargers by the cash register.
4	Gets the extra bump to 4 stars because sometimes I find something unexpected and great.  For example my TSA approved macbook pro travel bag.
5	This location always has a great selection with new items added all the time! Friendly staff which I always see organizing the store!
4	This location is awesome! It's very clean and fully stocked with great fashions! They have a ton of great name brands in purses, shoes, clothing for everyone in your family and even house ware items. I love being able to find dressy clothes for work, casual clothes for weekends and evenings and workout clothes for the gym!
4	Much better than a Ross, IMO.  I actually enjoy walking around and looking at stuff, gathering Christmas gift ideas.  More organized than a Ross, that's evident.  Everything at Ross looks used, or disheveled...  Had to return an item I bought a few days ago and didn't run into any problems.
2	They have a bunch of really good higher end stuff way better than the other Tj maxx in the area I encountered one very nice employ you help me look up a receipt for return but the other two were awful the first girl was just rude while I was waiting for them to find the receipt and the second lady I encountered had a lot to say about my return as if she was going to question the weather I had worn it around with the freakin tags on it . Also they don't hang your nice clothes and shove them into a bag willy-nilly like nothing matters and they forgot to put my receipt in the bag overall I would give their customer service very low rating the store quality a very high one
