1	:-(
5	Our saviour! In the middle of the night, our torsion spring gave up the ghost big time and our cars were locked in the garage. So I called Adept and Greg not only gave me a fair quote over the phone (cheaper than the higher-rated company on Yelp), he was at my house ready to work within 60 minutes (not bad for the far north side of the valley where we live). Greg walked me through the whole process, gave me options and didn't push to go with the more expensive choice. Once we agreed on the work, it was done quickly, professionally and with a number of tips for our new renters along the way. We will definitely be using his services again and making sure we recommend him to whomever asks.
5	A++ These guys really impressed me!!! They were on time, professional and seemed to take a lot of pride in their work. They even took the time to teach me how to properly maintain my garage door in order to prevent future costly repairs! This is a big difference compared to the last garage door company that I used which tried to rip me off and sell me things I know I didn't need. We need more honest companies out there like this one! Again, all around pleasant experience. I will highly recommend them to all that I know.
5	I have a rental property in Vegas and I got a call from my tenants informing me that the torsion spring on the garage door had snapped at 4:45pm. I called this company and they were out to the property within an hour with a quick replacement and very reasonable pricing. Great response time and quality work. I would highly recommend this company. Honest as well and that goes a long way when you're in another state and this happens to your rental.
5	Happy to say I highly recommend this company.  We accidentally buckled our garage door on a Saturday morning and got it repaired within two hours.  They are very customer oriented explaining their repair as well as preventative maintenance.
5	Super fair prices & top notch customer service. Honest and helpful. The owner came out himself... ON TIME!!! He didn't try to scam me like every other garage door company I've ever used and he offered up some useful tips on keeping my garage door running smoothly. I had no idea you're supposed to lube your door throughout the year to keep it running properly! OOPS!!! Anyway, if you have any questions about your door call the owner Lance. He has been doing this for awhile and really knows his stuff. He doesn't mind taking the time to explain things either. I really liked that. Thanks again for coming out right away and also for being on time! Also a big thanks for being honest and not ripping me off. That's always appreciated ;)
