1	If there is one thing in this world I hate, are fricking know-it-alls!! I ordered a fuel pump from Autozone in west covina, not that long ago, IT FAILED ON THE WAY TO PHOENIX AZ this new years "weekend". Where to start......I called the store I usually deal with here in Pasadena, He gave me this Autozone's phone number, and told me that they handled commercial accounts, and had the fuel pump in stock. I called, and Tara answered the phone....EXTREMELY NICE GIRL!!! THANK YOU FOR YOU HELP!! (hence the one star).Granted this autozone is damn near 25 miles away from where we were staying, and my buddy drove me over there. When we got there, Tara was really quick to help us out...but then...out of nowhere, comes this "commercial Manager" I think his name was Tom....I told him of the problem I was having, and telling him that this was the second time THEIR fuel pump had failed...what it was doing, was not marking correctly how much gas my truck had....I filled up the tank with 80 dollars, and it told me that I had 6 miles to empty....we would start to drive, and maybe 15 minutes later...it would shoot up to half a tank, then....5 more minutes, it would shoot all the way up to full!HERE'S WHERE IT GOT DICEY, THE FIRST THING HE DID, WAS SAY TO ME..."OH, THE FUEL PUMP IS GOOD, ITS PUMPING FUEL RIGHT? "yes" THEN THE PROBLEM IS YOUR TRUCK, ITS NOT READING THE SENDING UNIT ON THE FUEL PUMP!! CHECK YOU WIRING, OR TAKE IT TO A CERTIFIED 12 VOLT SPECIALIST!!HELLO!! WTF DO YOU THINK I AM!!! I DO 12 VOLT FOR A LIVING BUDDY!! DAMN NEAR 15 YEARS!!! So I started to explain to this know it all, that its not the first time it has happened, it happened once before, and logically, its not possible...my OEM fuel pump failed, because the pump went out.....not the fuel pump sending unit..Whats happening here, is that Autozone is selling 2nd hand products, I am never buying from them again...and as for Mr. Know it all...my buddy, who was with me, is a 28 year mechanic, I have been a 12 volt installer for 15 years....next time, just shut the hell up and sell me what I need. I understand you want to stand behind your company, but I wasn't there to argue with you, I was there to get my damn truck fixed so I could come back to California....Just a quick update, both of the fuel pumps, that i bought from autozone, came apart inside my gas tank....the first one, came out in 4 pieces, the second one came out in 2....what kind of crap are the selling over there....if this pump fails, I think a lawsuit is in order, I can't be dropping my gas tank every 6 months because of this crap!!! NO BUENO AUTOZONE....My commercial account is going to buy anything from you either!!!
1	Waited long enough in line to write this review with 15 min extra to spare.Oh, yeah. There is no line. I'm just standing here at the counter with cash in hand as every employee here wonders around aimlessly. Use the oreilly's  auto parts across the street.
3	I usually get what I want here when I need it.  in and out in a flash.  Good people working here.
4	The guys and gals that work here have always been efficient and helpful. They are not a service station, but will give you advice. Please don't rate them poorly because they didn't fix your car. You need to know what's wrong and have an idea of how to fix it before you come here. They will loan you some tools to change a battery or do very small repairs (if you are lucky they will even do it for you).
5	Went in for a diagnostic test on a check engine light. Was given an estimated time (15 minutes) until they could get to me, and when they did, the test took only a few minutes. Was told what the problem was as well as how to research further into it online. Friendly staff, prompt service, clean store.
