4	I went here a few months ago, I stopped in as a detour from Starbucks and the receptionist was very kind. She informed me there was an opening for a one hour introductory appointment with a "skilled therapist". I said "great", I'll give it a try and moved forward with the introductory appointment. Which I believe was $49. Not bad!The gentleman was out within about five minutes and led me to the back room. It was clean, no smell, no noise. Had hooks to hang up your clothes on and the usual "I take tips" envelope that sat directly in your line of vision.After the hour was up, I wasn't that satisfied with the actual massage and wouldn't have considered him exactly an expert. He seemed to be playing an intense version of pitypat on my body at times. As an expert "massage receiver", I've learned the difference between a good, a well done and a superb. This trip was simply a "good". Ill try them again since I just moved to the area. Probably with a different therapist.Not to mention, Starbucks was next door! Can't beat a caramel frappuccino after a couple of minutes of relaxation!They also have a monthly club. Similar to Massage Envy!  Try it out, I'd be interested to know others experience as well!
5	Went again today, better massage, better therapists! No complaints about Corey. I'll be back to see him again!
3	I've only been here once.  This place is still trying to get it's legs, so I went in with that understanding.  I had a great therapist, she was blind so she really could feel the tension and listened to me when I told her where it was tight.  I'd like to try more therapists to see how well they rest do!
4	I have been to Elements Massage three times now. My husband and I have the monthly membership program. $55/mo, that covers a free massage and any additional massages for $55. $30 off a normal 55 minute massage. Of my three times, I've had the same therapist twice - Jill. I highly recommend her. She gives a fantastic massage and really listens to you as a client what you would like in a massage, where to focus, etc... The front desk staff are friendly and helpful. I especially appreciate the offer to use the restroom before my massage. :)
