5	My love of food and all things food and more food leads me to follow the trucks.I had the pleasure of finding this gem at the Lee's Liquor today with a few other food trucks.  The fish taco is.... dreamy?  No, heaven?  No, wonderful?  I can't pick the right adjective, but they truly have one of the most amazing fish tacos I have ever laid taste buds on!  I attribute it to the fact that they have been around for sooo long!  Can't wait to have it again, and again and again.  I may even try something else!  I will keep you posted!
5	The fish tacos are beyond amazing.  Good prices and friendly people.  A must try!!
4	Tried this food truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest that was at Silverton.They were friendly and the tacos I had were very good.Prices are fair so if you like true street tacos then give this truck a try.I hope to see them at more events.I payed $7 for 2 asada tacos and a soda.
5	I recently booked this beautiful truck for my 29th birthday. Jorge was an amazing host.  He parked at the end of my driveway and my guests simply went up and ordered off our fixed menu.  The whole idea of having a truck for my party was exciting enough...but then, I took a bite of my delicious zucchini burrito.  It was mouth-watering and juicy and ever since that night I've been dreaming of that last bite.  We ended with a churro party.  80 guests gathered out front and enjoyed churros under the moonlight.  Thank you QFS!
5	Just had the fish taco with a side of fresh mango salsa! AMAZING! I never usually buy food from a food truck but the food was amazing the truck very clean and Jorge was great! So quick and yummy and cheap! I highly recommend it. Also, the tacos look small in the picture but they are a really good size. :) Enjoy!
5	First of all, let me preface my review by saying that Jorge and his crew are super nice. My office has worked with them in the past to cater several of our events, one involving 200 people and another 4,000 plus. Considering the mass quantities of food they served, the quality was not compromised. They are willing to accommodate any type of request.That said, I've enjoyed their food multiple times at First Friday, and it has all been superb. You must try the sopes, quesadillas, and the fish tacos OMG! They  are phenomenal! Check them out now!
4	We tried Quality Mobile Food Service (whew that's a long one) at First Friday's 6/6/14. I am always down for a tasty fried fish taco- they hold a special place in my belly. But, I can be pretty picky. What I look for in a fish taco is the size of the fish, the breading ratio, the seasoning of the fish, the flavor of the white sauce, and any other external accompaniments such as salsa.We really appreciated the value they offered here, the fish was fried crispy and it was a great portion (for a food truck), the fish filled the entire tortilla! One order comes with 2 and it's a good enough portion to feed 2 adults. The fish was extremely crispy and wasn't bombed with breading, but it was dry and we felt it could of used some salt. The white sauce and the salsa were light and refreshing, not overpowering at all. The taco was still fairly bland so we went to town on the salsa bar.They had a great selection of salsas presented in a help yourself/bar style. We went for all of them! I think all of thier salsas were great with the fish taco, they had some light, mild and hot, but the super spicy green one had to of been my favorite. That green one had an extreme kick that just sneaks up on you. I loved it. Thier tortilla withstood all of the hefty toppings and sauce, so it was easy to eat and didn't fall apart. It was a refreshing choice for a hot summer Nevada night.
