4	It's the crazy chicken. You know what to expect when you go here. For those who don't know what to expect, it's a Mexican/American fast food restaurant that serves some satisfying flame grilled chicken at a low price. Remember that I said fast food, so this means it can potentially come with bad service (depending on the cashier) and crazy customers. I really do like this location though. I think I come here at least 1x/every week or every other week to get a fix of my pollo bowl, overly sweetened horchata, and some bomb guacamole salsa (I seriously think this is one of the best salsas I have ever had) They also have some great $5 deals going on every now and then. Not to mention the coupons they constantly give you for family meals and other smaller items. They also have a "dollar" menu but they are priced starting at $1.14 for a chicken taco, flan, a piece of chicken leg (yes just the leg), churros, and other things. It's quite a value meal deal. To me, if you don't like El Pollo Loco, then maybe your palate is just too fancy or just plain wrong. I support the crazy chicken!
4	My favorite spot for those nights when you don't want to cook but don't want to go to a restaurant. Very reasonably priced and the food is very good. Love the green guacamole salsa. They will also give you a bag of fresh serrano's if you ask.
3	Food is OK if you go early. If not, it has been cooked for quite a while and can be dry and not the quality you would expect.
3	The food is good and a welcomed break from the average fast food joint.  However, when I was eating there, something in their kitchen started beeping really loudly.  I watched to see if anyone was going to turn off whatever was sounding the alarm...but no one looked affected b the noise.  The beeping continued for over 8 minutes before I asked an employee what was making all that noise.  She said they were cleaning some equipment.  And asked if the noise was bothering me with a tone and look that showed she was confused that anyone would be complaining about it.  It was very annoying and caused me to rush to finish my food just to get out of there before I ripped all my hair out.  I only give them 3 stars because the food was good.  Otherwise it would have been less just for the poor service and disregard for their customer's dining experience.
2	The food is good.  Too bad the restaurant doesn't match their prices or quality of food.  I'd say their burritos are comparable to Chipotle.  This was my first time here and will not be going back.  Mostly I just felt like there are so many other places with just as good of food that are priced much better and have a better environment, so why would I come here?  Overall, poor value... $7 for just a decent burrito?  No thanks.  Not here.
1	DO NOT EAT AT THIS LOCATION!!!The food was only averageThe restaurant was dirtyIt was 85 degrees in the dining room and the woman at the restaurant said she couldn't turn it down :-(To top it all off...I called the manager the next day to report that someone had fraudulently used my credit card the day after I used it at his restaurant.  I wanted him to know, just in case there was a pattern.  He was argumentative, not helpful or concerned at all. I have no reason to go back here.
1	Just moved to AZ from CA, was in the mood for EPL, so I came to this location since it was closest. I ordered a poblano burrito, it was very bland, not much flavor at all. The salsa bar salsas all looked watered down and the cilantro looked old and wilted. I won't be returning to this location.
1	Worst El Pollo Loco I have been to in quite a while. Visited here on the 12 of September in the evening. The staff that night was very rude and not helpful at all. The service was terrible, when our food was ready our name wasn't even called. Not sure who the young lady is who may be a shift manager or manager of some sort, she is rude and had a group of friends or relatives in the restaurant getting free drinks and being very loud. Disappointed with this place and will never return to this location.
