3	If you gotta lotta lotta hard work to do at the government center, like put a stamp on the letter, and then write it down in your ledger, oh, and you happen to be hungry, then you could do worse than to eat at Shomars.Some people swear by their fish sandwiches.  I have enjoyed a Greek salad there, although I was mystified as to why they would put it in a Taco Bell-style tortilla bowl.  I guess that's what passes for cultural fusion cuisine here.This is not a great restaurant, but it is by no means a bad one.  It is totally no frills, and if you ever move away from Charlotte, you will not bemoan the absence of a Shomars in your new hometown.To put it succinctly, Shomar's is close enough for government work.
4	You've gotta get the fried fish sandwich! While down here for a conference, my coworker who was local convinced me I had to try the fish sandwich...and get one to take on the plane too. While the crinkle cut fries are uber tasty, they're not the most amazing thing I've ever had. The mac and cheese was a good call (more on the gooey side) and the fish, while messy, was simply astounding. All for approx $10 too. plus they're a local Charlotte family chain, which I absolutely adore. Service was prompt. The only thing is that they close at 3pm. If I ever get to come back to Charlotte, I'll pick up some Showmars!
4	Great place to grab a quick bite before a meeting in the halls of the Government Center. The cajun chicken sandwich is out of this world and the make your own Arnold Palmer is always a great addition. Make sure to check it out!
3	After craving a Greek Salad all morning, I was trying to find somewhere I could grab a quick lunch,in uptown, and get back to the office.  However, my mind drew a blank, and feel like Greek Salads are hard to come by in uptown.  With that said, I thought I'd give Shomars a try, being that it was close, and I have the chicken pita before and liked. So, I ordered the Greek Salad with chicken and a side pf pita bread.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the salad was good, very large too.  However, I found the dressing to be a little oily than what I prefer, but will definitely go back for the chicken pita again, love the tzatiki sauce!
