5	I've noticed this place while driving to the South Side via Greenfield Ave. One evening the boyfriend and I were looking for a bite to eat but neither of could decide where to go. On a whim, I pulled up to Szmidt's and man, I'm glad I did! The aroma of all the spices and fresh bread when you walk in the door is intensely pleasing. The deli case is filled with various fresh pasta salads and sides that include grape leaves, pickled cucumber slices, mac 'n cheese with jalapeno, apricot glazed meatloaf, potato salad, tuna salad, haluski (looked amazing, I will definitely be back to try it), and various other items that evade my memory at the moment. Have I mentioned that everything is made in-house? Breads, salads, sides, and pierogies - ALL home made! Speaking of pierogies...all your classics are here - Potato & cheddar, potato & kraut, potato & jalapeno, sausage, and plain kraut ($4.95/6 $8.95/12). In addition to these are "New World Pierogies" ($5.45/6 $9.95/12) - Reuben, thanksgiving with turkey gravy, southwest chicken with cilantro lime sour cream, buffalo chicken with bleu cheese, cheese steak with horseradish sour cream, and bacon cheeseburger with rage sauce. They also offer sweet pierogies like apple mango, granny smith apple pie, and a seasonal special. So much deliciousness in one place, we didn't know where to begin. After thinking long and hard, I finally decided on a spinach & feta doughbie (think stromboli) and Justin opted for the Frankie (sliced turkey breast, ginger mustard glazed ham, maplewood bacon, american cheese, mayo, lettuce, and tomato all on a toasted homemade bun. While our food was being prepared, we chatted with the owner. I told him we've been living here for a year now and can't believe we never heard of his place then he informed us that they just opened up a month ago and offered us some samples from the deli case. We had a little scoop of potato salad (better than my mom's - sorry ma), 4 grape leaves (the best I've had and I do love me some dolmas), sweet cucumber slices (JB was a huge fan and now wants me to try my hand at recreating them at home so he can have them all the time) and ziti pasta salad (which is great WITH the cuke slices)!! Everything we had was exquisite!! The entire experience was pleasurable - The shop owner was personable and inviting, the shop is darling and homey with pictures of the family hung on the walls and the food is delectable and very affordable. Sorry for such a lengthy review but I just can't say enough good things about Szmidt's. If you happen to find yourself in the Greenfield/Squirrel Hill area do yourself a favor and give this place a chance!!!
4	I completely agree with October R's 4/19/11 review regarding the general vibe of this place.  Very inviting; cool concept--a blend of "old world" attention to deli-style comfort food with a modern, slightly edgy sensibility.We tried the Sassano (essentially a Reuben), the Fredo (a Italian sub), and two "New World" pierogies--the Southwestern and Buffalo chicken varieties.  Not a misstep in any of them. The in-house bread, corned beef, and kraut all made the difference.   Both pierogies were also outstanding.  The Buffalo chicken pierogies were made primarily of white meat, but remained juicy and tender.  We also enjoyed samples of both the spinach&feta and pepperoni doughbies while we waited.  The spinach&feta was a bit sweet--not quite the flavor profile i was hoping for--but the pepperoni doughbie was excellent.  Definitely a step up from the omnipresent Pittsburgh pepperoni roll.I was also excited to see that a fried egg could be added to any sandwich for a buck...nice touch.The one downside of the place--an aspect I might not have noticed if I didn't have so many vegetarian/pescatarian friends these days--is that almost every item on the menu contains meat.   Nevertheless, although our veggie friends might not be joining us, we'll definitely be going back soon.
5	Today was my third time eating something from Szmidt's, and it keeps getting better. From a plain turkey or tuna salad sandwich, to what is probably the best chicken salad I've ever had--mango and feta--everything is so fresh and delicious. My husband has tried the Sanchez rage, which is ridiculous but amazing, and absolutely loved it. The bread is to die for as well! Fresh, thick slices of homemade rye bread, or homemade white rolls. I'm kind of concerned that this is literally at the end of my street. I will probably be there way too often.
3	This place has potential for sure, and the people working are very nice,   but nearly 30 minutes to wait for a sandwich and an order of pierogies.  I'd hate to see this place in a lunch rush because we were shoulder to shoulder with 6 people in there.  It's really only "to go", as the four bar stools are taken up by people waiting on their orders.The bread is delicious, however, there was way too much oil on my steak and pepper "zepplin" so the bread was a soggy mess.  Good thing I ate it immediately of I can imagine what the condition of the bread would have been in.  Pierogies were delicious, but soggy with grease.... a little longer frying would have fixed that as one has to expect grease from pierogies.
3	The wait time is seriously out of control (about 20 minutes for two sandwiches and 3 pierogies).  I stopped here to pick up two sandwiches to eat on the road.  I chose zeppelins because they would be the easiest to eat while driving (on hoagie rolls). What we had: 2 McCarthy's (I was only able to eat half but the fiance finished the whole thing)     It contains roast beef, onions mushrooms, peppers, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, and horseradish mayo (The homemade bread was delicious and held up to the number of toppings, but it was all a little dry and the provolone didn't add any extra flavor i.e., didn't even realize their was cheese on the sandwich). 3 Granny Smith Apple Pierogies (very greasy, literally swimming in a pool of grease by the time I got them home.  After blotting them they were actually pretty good, but the filling was a little bland)Overall the homemade quality was easily discerned by the the taste of the ingredients, but it needs to get a bit faster.
5	Wonderful!  Amazing food, fabulous pierogies, and the guys that run the place obvious put a lot of love and care into the place.  Pittsburgh is a place that loves it's sandwiches, and this was one of the bests I've ever had!
5	Szmidt's is fantastic. Go there!Delicious homemade bread, corned beef, pastrami etc. Artfully made sandwiches, choice of classic or "new world" prirogies, burgers, deli sides, great prices, easy parking. The owners/staff are very friendly and welcoming, and the interior of the deli is clean and attractive.My fiancee ordered "The Szmidt", featuring homemade pastrami, provolone, caramelized onions, thinly sliced pickles and mustard. I had the Szmidt's version of a Reuben, "The Sassano", homemade corned beef, swiss, homemade kraut, and thousand island dressing. It was definitely one of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life, and I'm a sandwich lover. The meat was tender, flavorful and not fatty. The kraut offered a nice sour kick without being overpowering. The bread was outstanding - nicely yeasty and homemade-tasting, sliced a little thickly. I wasn't very hungry but I couldn't help but eat the entire sandwich! They are not huge but generously sized with a perfect proportion of ingredients.Interesting fact: You can add a fried egg on top for $.99 if that's your thing.
4	Szmidts is another one of those places I remember from the old neighborhood.  It's in a little unassuming, "blink-and-you-miss-it-hole-in-the-wall" storefront.  It's so small that I believe it doesn't even have a proper sign out front--just a sandwich board advertising the daily specials.  Ah, but their sandwiches are terrific here.  They use their own house brined pastrami and corned beef (yum!).  And their pierogies are amazing!  You can choose between Old World Pierogies (potato & cheddar, potato & kraut--my favorite, potato & jalepeno, sausage, or kraut) and New World Pierogies (rueben, Thanksgiving with turkey gravy, Buffalo chicken, cheese steak, and bacon cheeseburger).  Want something sweet instead?  Try the Granny Smith apple pie pierogie.  M-m-m-m, all that sugary, carby goodness!
5	Sandwich was delicious. House made bread. I will definitely be going back to try the pierogies.
5	If you're in Pittsburgh on the hunt for fantastic Pirogies then come to Szmidt's.  I tried Pierogies all over town from the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern, to Pierogies Plus in McKees Rocks to Church Brew Works as well as many others.  I was on the hunt and completely obsessed.  They have a huge variety of both traditional and unusual flavors of Pierogies.  I loved their simple cabbage ones and I normally can't stand them.  The fillings are all delicious.  They make a great sandwich too, everything is home made, including the corned beef and pastrami.  Quite a feet considering that this place is really tiny with only a couple of tables.  Very impressed!!!
2	Disappointed in quality of overall meal - the meats and breads were OK.  The pierogies were NOT good, too doughy and greasy.
4	Eat Perogis. That's the most important thing. I got the traditional potato/cheddar on my first night in town. I'm somehow certain I'll be having more before this visit is over. Two young guys working when I went it and both spectacular - great customer service and traditional food. Loved it.
5	This deli has the best corned beef in Pittsburgh, Everything is homemade including the rye bread and perogies. I recommend it over Smallman Street Deli
5	Amazing!  The homemade pastrami and rye bread  are to die for and the pierogi selection is just fantastic.  The buffalo chicken pierogies are my personal favorite but I've never been disappointed with anything I've gotten there.  Best Pierogis in Pittsburgh in my opinion.  I'm really glad this place is right down the street from me.  The only bad thing I have to say about Szmidts is that they aren't open on Sundays and I wish they were.
5	As a Greenfield resident and the grand daughter of a Philadelphia butcher I have to support this place. The food is really good and the staff is super friendly. I think the perogies are one of the best in Pittsburgh, and the Fredo Goombah is my fave sandwich on the menu. Everything is really fresh and they actually have a really good canned soda selection. I'm lucky to have them right down the street!
4	So I finally returned to give this deli another shot. I ordered a Pollock Rage which consisted of a large potato pierogie (maybe potato and cheese) on a roll with lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, bacon, szmidt's kraut, and garlic mayo.  This was a great sandwich.  I was only able to finish about half of it, but the flavors were well balanced and very tasty!  I would definitely order another. I also ordered 3 of the sweet granny smith apple pie pierogies that were not as oily as the previous time that I was there and the flavor was really delicious and warming the way apple pie should be! You will pay for what you get here, but it is worth it.  Service was much quicker than the last time I was here and the food was packed well and kept warm until I got home to enjoy my lunch. I will be back to try more!
5	What a great find!  Pierogies, corned beef, homemade rolls, oh my!The Sassano was a classic Reuben - with the corned beef nearly melting in your mouth.  It was just smooth and tangy.  The Rages are sandwhiches with pierogies.  Genius.  The Sanchez had a Southwestern flair, with the sauteed onions and peppers adding a nice burst of flavor.  Even better was the homemade roll, which was fluffy but firm enough to retain the juices.The pierogies were all great, if not a twinge greasy.  All the specialty piergoies come with sauces, which is a great complement.  The Buffalo chicken had the most flavor, but the Thanksgiving (Turkey, stuffing, cranberry - duh) was my favorite.In short, we had spent 30 minutes reviewing the menu, deciding what to get.  And even before we finished our food, we were already scouting the menu to see what we would order next time.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying more!
3	This review is the culimination of my experiences in redeeming a Groupon 5-punch sandwich card and from the prospective of a fitness professional and diabetic. I tried the following 5 sandwiches : Sassano, Philly, Gilbert, McCarthy, JoeSzmidt's gets points for making everything in house, and actually cooking with butter. As a pollock, to me it's blasphemous to cook perogies in anything else. I'm looking at you Bloomfield Bridge Tavern, Fatheads, and Penn Brewery. Stop using franken-oils, butter is perfectly healthy - especially in comparison to these oils so frequently used in commericial cooking these days. Probably the most unhealthy thing about eating in fact. Ok, rant over. Gotta dock a point for the policy of only allowing one sandwich punch per visit. I understand the intent to get people to make more visits and therefore buy more drinks and sides, but as my perspective above suggests I wasn't going to buy that stuff regardless of how many times I visit. I came for the sandwich. I haven't drank anything but water for at least 5 years, and the only side of interest might have been a pickle which frankly I'm used to being included with the sandwich. This just ended up resulting in a slightly irritating situation where I had to order the sandwich to go and take it back home and cook more food to make a proper full meal due to the sandwiches not being all that large. This is where my second point comes off. Yes I have a big appetite, happens when you are active and only eat 2 meals a day sometimes. Life of a fitness professional. While the sandwiches are 'large' overall, 2/3's of it is essentially bread. I came for the housemade meats! While the bread is homemade and tasty, quite often it's completely overpowering whatever the sandwich is comprised of and all you end up tasting. Especially anything on the homemade buns, the rye selections aren't near as bad in this regard. In addition to bread having no real nutritional value, to me bread on a sandwich is nothing more than a vessel to transport the contents of what lies between it into my awaiting mouth. Anytime the thickness of the bread outnumbers the thickness of the meat I'm gonna be let down a little. Just seems I get more meat/less bread for the same or less money at places like Big Jim's here in the 'burgh, or Michaels Deli and Sam LaGrassa's in Boston - 2 of the finer east coast delis in existence. Overall my favorite out of what I tried would be the Gilbert - though next time I'll ask to ease up on the mayo so I can taste the pastrami a bit. The Joe was probably my next favorite. The Sassano was a solid rueben, no wow factor - but solid. The Philly and McCarthy were both completely overpowered by the bread..to the point if there was beef on the Philly I didn't notice it anywhere by eyes or palate. The service has always been adequate and the owner, Darren, is almost always on site and more than willing to chat and tell you all about his business or anything else you care to discuss. I'll return on occasion for the GIlbert and/or Joe, though I'd prefer less bread and more meat moving forward. Specials/discounts would make it more attractive where I could order 2 sandwiches to make a meal that will fill me up without breaking the bank. But as a local small business owner myself and fitness professional I want to support a movement and place doing things right like Szmidt's that makes everything in house and without all the garbage in it.
5	Wow.  Best sandwich I've had in ages.  I had to grab a quick bite, asked the guy how long it would take and he said ten, but I must have had my sandwich in five minutes tops.   I took a bite and it rivaled anything I have eaten in NYC or elsewhere.  Fresh bread, great corned beef, even the kraut was incredible and I normally don't like sauerkraut.  Cant wait to try some of the other menu items.  I hear they might start delivery soon.  Please include Oakland/Shadyside or hook up with Wheel Deliver.
5	This place is amazing. Them make their own Corn Beef, Pastrami, Roast Beef....you name it they make it fresh in house. Even the bread the sandwiches are on is made in house. The owner is great and is all about making their customers happy. Get the LevelUp app for iphone and android and save $5 on your first purchase when you use the app, and you don't have to worry about the $10 minium card charge, or having cash. This place is legit and worth the money for the quality sandwich they put out. My family came into town and we were force to go back and get another sandwich because my family was so impressed.Oh yeah I forgot their Perogies are the best in Pittsburgh and have been voted so to prove it.
5	This is such a fabulous place!! I have driven by it for the past year and finally stopped in to check it out. HUGE menu, homemade corned beef, pastrami, sauerkraut, pierogies, creative and delicious sandwiches and more. We got a sassano, thanksgiving dinner pierogies, buffalo chicken pierogies, cheesesteak pierogies - they were all yummy and each kind came with its own dip. Really tasty! Reasonable prices, and super friendly staff. Seating is limited and casual. Can't wait to go back!
5	dude where was my pickle??????????.......food was awesome....thx you just forgot my pickle....suzy
2	I'm torn in reviewing Szmidt's.  I've heard they have amazing sandwiches, and that they do.  However, the customer service provided by the owner to prospective customers could use some improvement.  I am one of the unfortunate ones who purchased a Groupon for a 5 sandwich punch card.  I sympathize with the business owner if they somehow get screwed on the deal.  However, as a business owner you have options.  You could refuse to accept the Groupon, meaning all those who purchased the Groupon would have to be refunded.  Sure, some people might not be all that understanding or happy about this, but throw in a free soda and a side when I pay full price for a sandwich since I'm already there and I'd be satisfied.  Instead, I had to come back on 5 separate occasions to be harassed by signs, begging and complaining from the owner.  I was slightly annoyed when I first showed up to learn I could not use the card for more than one sandwich per visit.  I saw other items I was interested in (i.e. the pierogies) and thought maybe I would get something else the next time I came up.  But on my second visit, the owner begged me to buy something else.  I felt this was in poor taste and did not oblige.  At this point, my feelings started to turn sour.  I committed to keep coming back, getting just one sandwich at a time.  My feelings now were if I have to spend gas to keep coming over here and I'm going to have to hear the owner complain about Groupon every time, he's not getting another dime from me.  Which is a shame because the sandwiches I tried (Szmidt, Irene, Fredo, Kanai and Capasso) were all very good.  I'm forced to give this place two stars only because the sandwiches were amazing.  I will say that Szmidt's has been recommended to me and while the sandwiches were good, I don't know that I would return given the way I was treated previously.  As a consumer, I think one of the major advantages of Groupon is to attract new customers to your business.  However treating said new customers like lowlifes who are out to ruin your business and bankrupt you does not make me want to patronize your establishment again.  No matter how good your product is.  Bottom line: the way the owner handled customers who had purchased the Groupon left a bad taste in my mouth.  I'm already anticipating a witty retort from the owner regarding my review.  Should be a good one.
5	I'm so thankful that my husband and I stumbled upon this little place! We used to take all of our out-of-town guests to Primanti, which is more about the "Pittsburgh experience" than the food in my opinion, but Szmidt's is going to be our new go-to spot for visitors. Why? Because they are all about the amazing quality and large quantity of food for a reasonable price!We brought seven different guests here over the summer, and they all absolutely loved it. My best friend said she was "just a little hungry," but less than ten minutes later, she had inhaled one of Szmidt's enormous sandwiches! All of the sandwiches are delicious, and I can personally attest to the amazingness of the Joe, McCarthy, and Frankie. I am also obsessed with their pierogies and have tried the Potato & Cheddar, Southwest Chicken, and Cheese Steak. I think my husband (reviewer Will B.) sneaks over here a lot more than he lets me know during his lunch break.... But when he does let me know, I request some Potato & Cheddar pierogies, my ultimate comfort food.The owner has also told us he would like to open an additional location in South Side Works. Please do! As a SSW employee, I am so tired of eating Qdoba, Subway, and Pita Pit... every. single. day. We need a great local spot like Szmidt's!
5	I was challenged to find good pierogies....I want to first let folks know that is rare but I would really give this place 6 stars based on my one experience there.   I arrived about 20 minutes before they opened.   Around 10 minutes before the first customers walked in (so I am thinking they were open and walked in).    Mind you this is a Saturday.   I am now the 6th customer in line at noon - when they open  (5 peeps +1 phone order).Atmosphere - The place is small (but all the best places are).   They have two high tables along the walls that will seat 4 people (facing the wall or window).   They have 2 tables.   You are greeted by a deli counter (where they store their some of their tasty sides and treats).Food - WOW!  I ordered the Sanchez sandwich.  This is a pierogie samwich with tasty flavorful mexican chicken pierogies.   Others were ordering the Doe Doe (a turkey samwich with all the fixings) which they added a fried egg and the O'Reilly - Corned Beef.    The customers including myself gave raves.They do sell (you guessed it) pierogies, in addition to sandwiches and their sides.   They serve 3 styles (old world, new world - (my chicken was a new world), and a dessert.   They will offer to cook them for you or provide them to you uncooked so you can cook them at home.   They run about $4 for 3 (think of large ravoli size / $1 coins).They have an assortment of bottle soda.Service -Expedient and Friendly.    The gent who took my order (I believe he was the owner) was a task master with his kitchen.    I recieved my food 10 minutes from when ordering - everything was fresh and hot.    I read a couple of reviews and not sure about the Groupon thing but I had no complaints.   I will have to go back again and provide an update but everything was firing on all cylinders.By the way - to explain the crazy busy they were getting and the abilty to churn out great food - By the time I recieved my sandwich (10 minutes after opening) he had already approximately 20 sandwiches in the queue.    Not bad for 3 peeps behind a counter - one doing sandwiches and the other doing pierogies.I will be back (I just won't tell my trainer - shhh!)Summary:Atmosphere:  A very small place where you eat and leave.  I am not sure if I would take a date there for a "fine" dining experience but would if she was a foodie.Food:  Awesome - My next trip will be the Doe Doe with some pierogies on the side.   I may get some to go to see how they travel / reheat.   The sandwiche prices range average around $10.   Pierogies come in different styles and different bundles (3, 6, and 9(?)) with a cost savings the more you buy.  I believe around $4 for 3.Service:  Good and Efficient.   They have to be otherwise you will be waiting a long time for your food.Check it out and let the yelpsters know what you think.   I am glad others provided great reviews (thus why I checked it out).
1	The worst experience I have ever had as a customer of a Pittsburgh business came at Szmidt's Deli.It all started when I bought a Groupon for the place.  The owner admits there were some problems with the Groupon and says he won't be doing one again, but the source of my displeasure was how horribly everything was handled by the restaurant and how little the owner appears to value his customers.The Groupon was good for 5 sandwiches.  When I went to cash it in, I was upset to discover an undisclosed "one sandwich per visit" rule (not living nearby, this was a big inconvenience).  This may have been Groupon's fault, but I've seen other businesses manage to communicate terms like that clearly and prior to purchase.But the employee behind the counter said the Groupon, which had a stated expiration date, was to be cashed in for a 5 sandwich punch card which never expired.  "OK," I thought, "I don't make it here very frequently, but at least I won't have to go out of my way to use the value."  So I almost-happily traded my Groupon for a card (with no printed expiration date and promise to honor it whenever) and decided to use it only when I was already in the neighborhood.I came back after the Groupon had been set to expire, only to be told by the owner that the card carried the same expiration date as the Gropuon.  Whoops.  Strike 1 against the restaurant, having employees make promises the owner didn't want them to.  Shouldn't be a big deal, however, because I acted based on the promise of that business's representative, and any responsible business owner would stand by that pledge.I tried explaining the situation to the owner, who repeatedly cut me off by repeating information I already had (namely, when the Groupon expired).  My argument that my card had no expiration date (printed or spoken or disclosed in ANY manner to me at any time--in fact, "never expires" was a promise explicitly made) seemed not to register with him.  He kept getting louder and louder, making a scene in front of other customers waiting in line behind me.  Things were getting awkward.Finally I asked him point blank, "Are you refusing to stand behind the promises your business made to me?"  I never got a direct answer, he just said, "Look, the Groupon expired" (a fact which was never up for debate) "and I'm done with that company" (a fact which was never relevant).  He not only flat out refused to stand behind the word of his employee, he refused to do anything to ameliorate the situation whatsoever.  I never even got an apology for the misinformation.  I was only berated loudly in front of a gathering crowd.That's not an honorable way to do business.  It's not even an ethical way to do business.  And it certainly wasn't a proper way to treat another person, much less a customer.  Maybe I have an overdeveloped sense of how to conduct good business, but the entire experience left me upset, offended, and quite surprised at the outcome.I was left fervently hoping that Szmidt's would go bankrupt and close its doors, so that a better establishment could take its place in Pittsburgh's business community.
5	I am reviewing both the restaurant and the catering services - they both get 5 stars.Basically this place is amazing because of the food, all homemade and you can taste the love and care in each pierogie (and doughbie, and German pasta salad, and fresh baked bun...)  The portions are generous and I'm never left hungry.  The owner Darren is the nicest guy and very easy to work with for organizing catering.  He's the type to remember you, ask how you are, and ring up your regular order (the Sanchez, mmmmm)  even after just a couple visits.  I highly recommend Szmidt's to satisfy all your hunger needs, whether it's for your belly or the bellies of 50 of your best friends.
5	By far the best deli food I've had in ages.  I got two of the signature sandwiches and almost couldn't wait until I got them home to tear into the bag.  But, when I did it was ON!  I also bought 12 cannolis because my boyfriend is a huge fan of cannolis.  All I heard was grunting and moaning on how good they were!  People, if you want the best cannolis in Pittsburgh, you must must must have these.  They are full a rich/smoothie peanut butter chocolate chip goodness!  HIGH FIVE GUYS, your deli rocks and you have won a customer!
5	Order:  Perogies -Cheddar & Potato, Thanksgiving, Cheesesteak, Buffalo Chicken, Sweet Potato and Pumpkin.Perfect perogies. I have been eating perogies since I was little at school carnivals and these are the apex.  Better than the made in Poland variety I get in the UK.  Worth a 100 mile trip.
5	Best Deli in Pittsburgh.  A very small place.  I had asandwich here and my friend had the perigis.  Both were great and the staff was really nice.  The owner chatted with us for a  couple of minutes too.  A nice touch.Prices seem high but when yuo get the food you'll see they are reasonable as there is a lot of food.
4	Perogie's fit in the New and "Old" World.My first experience at Szmidt's was semi optimistic. The yelp reviews would never steer me wrong, would they? Nope, they didn't...again. Was in the mood for Perogie's one day (actually, months ago), and started surfing for some "homemade" perogie's. A lot of Pittsburgh deli's, and diners have perogie's on the menu, but are 90% of the time Mrs. T's. Don't get me wrong, in a fix, I'll plow some Mrs. T's. But this day I wanted real, authentic, roge's. I searched the google net for some action, but the only thing that was popping up in the 10 mile search was the same old, same old. There is a joint not a block from me that has GREAT rog's. But I do not dig there style of operation, so I move on in my search. Expanding to 15 miles goes google maps. Then there is a dot on the screen, not a huge arrow, but a small google dot. Me being a small business owner, i like little dots. Little dots smell, passion, care, determination..that is where the jedi was headed.To Szmidt's, I finally made the journey. LOVE the vibe! Open kitchen, everything aged. I mean not dirty, but aged. There are stories that can be told from this equipment. The love was showing. But now to the order.....We went around the house for me and the crew at SpitfireZ. Classic Potato and cheese, Jalpaeno & Cheese, Santa fe Chicken, Roast Beef, & the dessert roge picked by the wife .... peanut butter & chocolate. Not a super sweet/chocolate fan, but there was something fun about them. They all were great with there signature sauces.I love the feel of a small, non-corporate joint. The young vibrations from the staff, makes it fell kinda cool to order from them.....There MENU IS VAST, I will be reporting more on this place. This Jedi wants to experience it all.JEDI APPROVEDEAT-EVERY PEROGIE THEY HAVE
5	If I could give this establishment  6 stars I would. If you are a fan of pastrami or pierogies you must try this place.  Best pastrami ever!I met the owner and he is very serious about pleasing customers. I look forward to coming back again.
3	I'll always support local business. My sandwich was very good, however for the price, which isn't cheap (not that I mind).... I would appreciate a pickle. I don't mind paying for chips, but what's a deli w/o a nice tasty pickle? I'll definitely return though :)
4	I stopped in for a few potato and cheese perogies after hearing Szmidt's serves housemade ones. I was not disappointed and will definitely return to try other old world style perogies as well as their new world and special perogies.As a cautionary note, there is limited seating (approximately space for 10).
4	After discussing my previous experience at Szmidt's with a friend, she examined their menu and decided that I needed to give this place another try.  I mean, I really did like the sandwiches.  And the owner Darren had made the effort to contact me and apologize so I figured I'd give him the benefit of the doubt.  But mostly my friend (from out of town no less) wanted to try these amazing sandwiches.So one bitterly cold weekend she drove here for the weekend.  Our first stop was Szmidt's.  I introduced myself to Darren when I went in to pick up our order.  You would not have guessed this was the same owner I had encountered just a few months ago.  I guess with the Groupon fiasco behind him (not to mention a new baby and some recent good publicity), his mood has greatly improved.  He offered me some Doughbies and mac n cheese as a peace offering and thanked me for returning, saying that it meant the world to him that I would come back.  His words were sincere and I appreciated the effort to make up for the past.  I still need to try those pierogies and the daily specials always sound amazing (and are quite a deal at $3.99).  His sandwiches continue to speak for themselves.  I just don't think I can go full-force and give Szmidt's all 5 stars.  Not just yet, anyway.
5	Had the Philly pierogie sandwich, today (~$10).  I was absolutely astounded at how well-made it was.  It was absolutely superb in every meaning of the word, and I will definitely be returning, even though I have no other reason to go to Greenfield.
5	If I could consistently remember how to spell "Szmidt's," I would consider it for a tattoo across my belly (as a none-too-subtle metaphor).  Or for the name of my first born child (Is Szmidt a boy or a girl name? Who even cares when the buffalo chicken pierogies make one this happy?). If I purchase one of those ridiculous islands that that one Middle Eastern country sells to grab headlines and paper over their lack of democracy- I'm going to name it Szmidt Island.  That good.I don't even bother to really look at the menu anymore- I just glance, pick the first thing I see, and then commence happy scarfage upon arrival of delicious food. I have yet to come across anything on the menu that hasn't made me happy. The folks that work there rock- thanks for the free pasta salad the other day!  Call in orders are fast and efficient.If I could hack Yelp and award Szmidt's the one billion stars that it deserves, I would. No wait, never mind, don't kick me off Yelp. Seriously, I can't hack anything.What was I saying? Oh yeah. Pierogies.
5	Best pierogies I've ever had! Seriously. The selection is great. I personally tried five different kinds and they were all amazing.
5	Pittsburgh is rife with pierogies.  If you walk outside for any reasonable length of time, somebody will throw a pierogie right in your mouth, and charge you a quarter.  That's just part of living here.We had family in from out of town, and they had never had pierogies, so I did the laziest internet search in the world, and found that Szmidt's not only had pierogies, but was the closest location on google maps!  Much like the other places along Greenfield Ave, I've been driving past Szmidt's for at least two years, never even considering whether it was a place I would ever be inside.  But fortune conspired, and I found myself there on this glorious day.It's a tiny place with very little seating, but once I smelled whatever delicious mystery meat they were cooking, I lost all sense of space and time.  We ordered some sandwiches, and some old world pierogies, but...what's that other stuff?  New world pierogies?  Are you mad?  Who would ever want one of those...I'll take 6.  You will probably have a similar thought process.The sandwiches are huge, and messy, and quite possibly the best I've ever had in the city.  Each sandwich is special, because the final step in its creation is that a unicorn with a sparkling tail gives each sandwich a gentle kiss as it leaves the kitchen, thereby rendering said sandwich magical.Or at least that's what I imagined as I ate my sandwich so hard that I only paused to gasp for air.Oh, right, and we got pierogies.  Some traditional potato and cheese, and some buffalo chicken ones as well.  If anybody wants to challenge me to a pierogie eating contest, let's do it here, because Unicorn Kissed Pierogies (tm) are amazing.So everybody who loves sandwiches, pierogies and magic should come to this place and just go to town.  I honestly don't even know if this place is real, so I didn't check the hours.
2	Poor service. Waited on crowded space in line for 10 min. Asked about pastrami. Not available. Rye bread? Ditto  Wanted to order pierogies to go in bulk and staff started serving the people behind me. "sorry" is not good enough, dude.
5	I was working on a house over in Greenfield and this shop stood right on the corner nearby. Now anytime I go near the neighborhood I was always debate whether or not to stop in regardless of how hungry I am. The place is that good!I've only had two sandwiches (both turkey), and I can assure you they were delicious. Everything was so authentic and fresh, down to the bread and meat the sandwich was made with.  While the prices are a little high, it's well worth it.The place is pretty small and stuffy, so I wouldn't suggest eating there. Also, the owner and employee's are very friendly and make you feel like family. Every time I've gone there was a revolving door of customers. Yum!
5	When I moved to greenfield I ate here six days in a row. The only reason it wasn't seven was because they're closed on Sundays. Great sandwiches, great sodas, great pierogis, everything is so fresh. I recommend anything that comes with vulgar amounts of meat (which is most things). The only negative is a lack of an abundance of places to sit. But most people get takeout anyway, so you can usually find a seat or two open.
5	The best deli sandwich I have ever eaten (and I lived in NYC so that's sayin' something)! Sorry Smallman Street Deli, but you've just been replaced! Everything (except the cheese I was told) is made on location, which is completely obvious when you bite into the freshest mix of bread/slaw/meat, etc. I ordered the equivalent of the turkey Rachel, and it was delicious! We also ordered the dessert pierogies w/ sweet potato and pumpkin filling and ice cream. I convinced my husband I might have a bite and then probably took out 2/3 of it because it was that good!To sum it up: it's amazing food, all worth the price in a tiny deli with little seating but at least a cozy atmosphere. If you're not into dining in, then grab it to go and have a picnic in the park!
5	Got the Szmidt and cheese steak pierogies. OMG it was so good all fresh and home made.
5	A colleague and I found this by accident when we were looking for a quick lunch before a customer meeting.  I'm glad we found it, wow!!!  It's a small space with limited seating, but has a counter that looks out to the street.  I understand Szmidt's make homemade breads from scratch, house brined corned beef and pastrami, and hand crafted dressings/sauces BUT since I am not from Pittsburgh I had to go with pierogies, BUT wait, they actually have pierogie sandwiches, yes pierogie sandwiches.  I went with the Sanchez which is amazing.  It has 4 Southwest Pierogies (chicken w/ cilantro lime sour cream) topped with pepper jack, grilled onions/pepers, and cilantro mayo.  It is very heavy, and I wouldn't recommend before a business meeting... but worth the pain.
5	Just had the Angry G and it was excellent, will be coming back next time I'm in town!!
5	I came in here with my boyfriend after scoring no pierogies at the festival.  And boy Were we glad we did. First off the front of house was super friendly and understanding when we ordered just about two of every kind of pierogi haha.  Were originally from California so we don't often find polish food hanging around in our cities.  We also ordered a cup of their stuffed red pepper soup.  Everything arrived after a short 10 minute wait with a hearty pat on the back and a "good luck guys". We really didn't realize how big of a food coma we were going to get from 1.5 dozen pierogies and soup but man were our tummies happy.  Though the new world pierogies were yummy, the old world were the best in our opinions (nothing beats tradition and butter) and I ended up buying another two dozen frozen to go. The staff was so nice and friendly and it just made the experience all the better.  Seriously, if they had this in California I'd be scarfing these babies down on the regular. Basically, Szmidt's is bomb dot com.
5	A sandwich at Szmidt's Old World Deli is not so much a meal as a gastronomic symphony.  Upon entering, you experience the overtures of baking bread and roasting meats.  You bask in the aura of the classic chalk menu board: fanfare of these wonders of meat and cheese.  The menu serenades you with variations on classic themes: turkey, roast beef, corned beef, pastrami while the side menu tempts you with exotic pierogies.  You stare, dumbstruck, at the flavors which could be yours within mere minutes.  "Take your time" says the smiling maestro of a cashier.  He's seen this before.  You finally settle on your order, regretting that you have but one stomach to fill.  You are rung up promptly, and as the smells of sandwich perfection swell to their finale, your hunger transforms to reverent awe.  The sandwich finally emerges from the open kitchen as the platonic ideal of that noble family of foods; split top homemade bread, lightly grilled, neither too big nor too small, and split in half to reveal strata of molten cheese, condiments, and paper thin slices of deli meat.  At first bite, your mind is shattered, your preconceptions of the bounds of sandwichdom evaporated in a supernova of warmth and flavor.   You must exercise monk-like self-restraint to avoid wolfing the whole thing down in mere minutes, so profound is your ecstasy.  You leave Szmidt's a changed man, full not only of physical nourishment, but of a renewed faith in the infinite realm of culinary creativity.
5	I just finished wolfing down my "Dotty" sandwich and felt compelled to write a review right away. This place lives up to the hype. The turkey on my sandwich had obviously been roasted in house, it was very flavorful and piled high on rye. Service was friendly and fast and the place has a nice vibe. The only thing I'm dissapointed with is myself for living right down the street for the last few months and not trying Szmidt's until now.
5	Place was recommended to me by a friend. I had probably driven past it 100 times with out even considering it. This place is so awesome. I had the orielly corned beef sandwich.out of this world. On the same level as NYC or Chicago easily. Will deft be back can't wait to try some of their other sandwiches. Prices reflect the quality of what you are getting.
5	Drove past lots of times and finally stopped in.  Had one of the Szmidt pastrami sandwiches and it was amazing!  The right mix of meat, mustard, caramelized onions and pickles.  And it was a huge sandwich too.  Friendly staff to boot.  Will definitely be back to try again.
4	It was a lovely day for a birthday celebration.  Freezing, snowing, and the roads were borderline treacherous. No bother. We spent the afternoon at Copper Kettle Brewing; and while our hops were hoppin' around, took a walk to Szmidt's for lunch.  I ordered the Doe Doe - oven roasted turkey with cranberry vinaigrette on a homemade bun.  Jonathan D. ordered some fancy thing that he refers to as a "Turkey Sandwich," but was full of bacon, cheese and a delightful sauce.  He also enjoyed a side of mac n cheese, but I didn't love it when I took a bite. A little kick would've gone a long way for this nice side dish.  However, my Doe Doe was amazing!  Pretty sure they killed the turkey out back and slow-roasted it in some Grandma's oven. At least that's how it tasted.  I can't wait to return to Szmidt's for a pierogi sandwich or a batch of sweet pierogies, complete with ice cream. YES.  Closed on Sundays, but open til 7 every other night. It's worth the trip!
5	We went there for lunch and every single thing we got was amazing. The pierogies (potato/cheddar and potato/kraut) were perfection, by far the best I've had in Pittsburgh. We also got the Szmidt pastrami sandwich. It was a perfect combination of meat and pickles and mustard, all home made. We finished with the chocolate peanut butter pierogies which were delicious! I would highly recommend this place to anyone in Pittsburgh!!
5	I had a craving for corn beef sandwich and my favie place in Sq. Hill closed a couple years ago. So I did an online search and this place showed up with fabbie reviews. My hubby and I popped in and ordered the 2 O'riely's and a Szmidt made with corn beef instead of pastrami as well as one of their ginormous dougbies and one must not forget the soda of the day (Today was black cherry cream) the shop is quaint LOVED LOVED LOVED all the quotes and wedding photos. The owner was so friendly and easy to talk to about all the different homemade menu items. We truly enjoyed the food will definitely be back as well as spread the word. Yummy Yummy
5	Great place!!! Sandwiches great!!! Pierogi's beyond great!!!! And the staff will make you feel at home!! Can't wait to go back!!
5	My family and I relocated to Pittsburgh about a year ago... Since Pittsburgh is known for Perogies, we decided to try a few places over time. we have tried a bunch of places including Perogies Plus and eventually took the trip to Szmidt's... Before I give you my thoughts on Szmidt's, I want to say this... I have visited over 50 places to eat with the help of YELP and this is the only time I felt compelled to post a review. Szmidt's gets my 1st post for three reasons. 1. Sandwiches- menu is authentic and unbelievably unique... Every option is homemade and the Capasso was to die for. 2. Perogies- the best in Pittsburgh hands down.... From traditional to creative culinary styles, everything I ordered was killer. Southwest chicken, Granny Smith apple, and Thanksgiving dinner and others. Every flavor on the menu was worth trying. 3. Experience- The most important reason worth noting.... working in the service industry, I know how important it is to meet and exceed expectations. The owner at Szmidt's is present and models the behavior he expects from his staff and they deliver!       Simply blown Away!!
5	I could write a book about how awesome this place is.  If you want good, real, healthy food that satisfies your hunger, this is the place.  I am too excited to write this review right now because it's making me want to order one of their sandwiches.  I also really love the mango feta chicken salad.  I order that the most.  I'm SO picky about salads, can't even order takeout salads from most places because I am so picky.  But this salad always makes me happy.  I also really love the Doe Doe sandwich, it's gooooood.  The guy who owns/runs the place is always soo nice too.
5	Stopped here on a road trip from nyc to california. Food is incredible and the portions are huge. We ordered the two of the sandwiches (one was pastrami and the other was made up of all the meats - pastrami, corned beef, etc.) and old world pierogies. They cure all of their own meats and make their own bread. They also get amazing root beer from wisconsin (I think). Anyway, the staff is super friendly so just tell them it's your first time and they'll guide you through the menu and make recommendations.
5	Been wanting to eat here for a while but hadn't because there's not much seating and I didn't want to take it home. Finally went, and the pastrami was excellent. Also had the root beer, which was also excellent. We ate at a counter and were the only ones there, so privacy was fine. Will definitely be back.
4	This place is great. I'm so mad at myself for just realizing that it is 5 minutes away from my house. I will definitely be back often.I opted for one of their Outrage sandwiches which is meat, pierogi, and toppings in a grilled cheese sandwich!!! (I know, right!?!) Since Thanksgiving dinner is my all time favorite ever, I had to go with the GobbleraRogi which consisted of 4 Thanksgiving pierogi (with stuffing inside), turkey breast, gravy, swiss cheese, and cranberry vinaigrette. It was amazing and a good sized sandwich. I obviously didn't finish it all, but it tasted even better when I finished it later in the day after all the flavors melded together longer. The friend I was with got the Keege (pastrami, pepper jack, sauteed pepper rings, and garlic mayo), which I obviously stole a bite of. It was spectacular - even better than my choice! I tried the cucumber and onion salad side as well. It had the perfect amount of vinegar pickling to it - I was tempted to drink the liquid it was that good. On a side note, I actually put these pickled cukes on the other half of my sandwich at home later and it was pretty epic!Anyway, I would highly recommend coming here at least once. It's a small, quaint place with an exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable staff and they make everything in house except the bread. It's not advertised, but it is BYOB if you prefer a beer with your hearty sammy. Also, the root beer float is to die for. Enjoy! :)
5	Love it! I have been back quite a few times and each time I try something new and even more delicious than the last time I was there! The pierogies both old world and new world are so good. This week they have a polish dog with a potato and cheese pierogi and their kraut which is out of this world. Can't wait to come back and try some more!
1	Unfortunately the last two of the five times I've ordered food from here there has been a hair in my food. After the second time I can't bring myself to go back!
5	Szmidt's is amazing. The sandwiches are just wonderful.It reminds me of a Katz Deli from NYC. These guys make their cured meats in house.I typically get the corned beef, hence the comparison to Katz.  Szmidt's is better. Katz and company put that giant pile of meat on the bread. Szmidt's is a nice healthy balance. I don't feel like a pig.While there, get the pierogies. Very few places make pierogies in house. These guys do. House made pierogies are awesome.
5	Great sandwiches and a friendly and interesting staff. I had the "Angry G". Wife had the Ruben. Then for dessert chocolate pierogies with vanilla ice cream...fantastic. Will definitely go back.
5	I moved to Pittsburgh from Texas a few years ago (and have recently moved back... sad), but I had never heard of pierogies before I moved here. I lived in Greenfield, so I thought I'd check this place out to see what all of the fuss was about.OH MY GOSH! I have been converted into a pierogie lover because of Szmidt's! This place is awesome. What a great variety of tasty food they offer. I had the opportunity to try some of the "old world" and "new world" pierogies, and I thought they were all delicious here... much better than other places I tried. I never had any of the other food they offered, mostly since I fell in love with the southwestern and buffalo chicken pierogies. 4 pierogies is usually a good number for me to eat and be full, since they are pretty big.There isn't a whole lot of seating available, so I recommend taking your food to go if you live in the area. The people who work there are very nice, but several times when I have been there they are busy working in the back, and it's hard to get their attention. If I remember correctly, extra dipping sauce costs extra money, so use wisely!Anytime anyone from Texas would come visit me, I would bring them here. I think you get a good authentic "Pittsburgh" experience here. Thanks for introducing me to pierogies, Szmidt's! If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, I will definitely stop by!
5	Pittsburgh is a great sandwich town, and Szmidt's serves up some of the very best. I'm particularly fond of the pastrami, but you really can't go wrong. Their pierogies are also the best I've ever had. Prices are very reasonable for the high quality and generous portions. Highly recommended.
5	Truly a jewel. The deli meats, the rye, the grilling, the pirogues--down cold. And delightful proprietors. Seating is very limited so you may have to get it to go.
5	Holy crap on a cracker!!!  As a HUGE (some would argue literally) foodie, I honestly do not know how I've never heard of this place. House-brined corned beef and pastrami?!? Smoked turkey. Homemade pierogi & breads ... Come on! Who does that around here?  These guys. You can actually smell and taste the clove, allspice and coriander in the corned beef!One funny thing though, someone behind me ordered their "kitchen sink" sandwich with all the delicious meats and then asked to hold the bacon. Ummm. What? No. You will eat the bacon and you will like it!I will surely get fat and die here and love it to the very last bite.
4	Stopped in for our first visit today.  The sandwiches were very good but I will say that I wish we would have stayed to eat in restaurant, because by the time we got to the park to eat (15 minutes later), the ingredients and bread had sogged a bit- but not their fault.  I'd just advise others to eat this stuff right away for the best experience.  I also wish the coleslaw was sweeter but that's just personal preference.  The guy at the counter was friendly and very helpful in answering questions for us newbies.  We went out of our way to go to this place and will likely be back.
5	Pierogies as good as you can get without heading to Poland.  I ate at Szmidt's while traveling for work based on local reviews.  It is a quiet little joint in an older part of the city.  The sandwich selection is just amazing, so many choices and each with their own unique twist.  I got the Philly which was 4 pierogies filled with beef and cheese on a bun with tomato, provolone, and grilled peppers and onions.  It was out of this world! I also had 4 of the original potato and cheddar handmade pierogies which didn't disappoint.  I have had some great pierogies while traveling in Poland, but these are hands down the best I have come across in the states, and the sandwiches make this place a must see if you are in the area.
5	Loved it! I had the buffalo and blue cheese perogie sandwich. Amazing! Can't wait to go back and try some if the other combinations. They have a few small two person tables outside and limited inside seating. Better for takeout. It is close to schenley park so we ended up making it a picnic.
5	I've never been to Poland, but I reckon these are some of the best pierogies outside of that country. I'm never going back to the frozen varieties. Szmidts only!
4	Love this place. Great casual little deli with about three tables inside in a few tables outside on a nice sunny day.I got the rain without the island dressing. I like mine on their fresh toasted buns better than their traditional Rye.
5	Wow!  The "Hoya" sandwich (corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss thousands island on rye) was out if this world.  The flavors are unique and perfect.  We also had the potato and cheddar perogies as well as the gyro perogies which were insanely delicious!  After two years of living in Pittsburgh we have found out favorite deli!
5	After reading glowing reviews of this place, I went out of my way to try their pierogies while I was in town on business. I was not disappointed! The dough was so tender, the filling fresh and perfectly seasoned, and they were cooked in real butter. I was so impressed, I went back the very next day and ordered three dozen to share with my coworkers. This place deserves your business for its quality of food and service. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I'll certainly be back for more.
5	Great sandwiches, Meat has a ton of flavor plus they make their own in house root beer  served in frosty mugs. They bread is very crisp and almost too tall to bite into which is how i love. I like to attack for and knife style.They serve these great pierogies in different flavors like thanksgiving themed, pizza and even apples and cranberry. I haven't been here in a while but I believe it's time to go back. The only downside is that the seating in here is very tight allowing only up to 6-8 people to sit comfortably. I'd probably only sat down if it wasn't too busy otherwise i'm ordering to go. Stay for the root beer though. It's to die for!
5	Thank you, fellow Yelpers! We never would have found this gem without your awesome review skills. My family and I were in Pittsburgh for a wedding this weekend and were starving for lunch after our flight from the Midwest. We debated over what to get for a bit and decided what we all really wanted was some authentic, East Coast deli sandwiches. We were SO THRILLED to have found this place. Seriously, it almost felt like divine intervention.I fell in love with my Szmidt pastrami sandwich. The meat was warm and flavorful. The bread was just the right consistency. The toppings were purposeful and unforgettable. Topped off with a fresh fountain root beer and I was a very very happy camper. My husband loved his Angry G sandwich, although I'm pretty sure he's thisclose to having a heart attack after it. And my aunt and uncle who came with us also loved their sandwiches too. On top of all that, the staff was delightful, helpful and really happy to help us indecisive Midwesterners make some tough decisions.Wish we had one of these out in Minneapolis, for sure.
5	The Hoya is the best Reuben style sandwich I've ever had. The pastrami sandwiches are heaven. The granny smith pierogies are absolutely fantastic with the caramel sauce that comes with. The only thing I've had here that was not so great ess the chocolate and peanut butter pierogies, but everything else is so good I can't knock my review down for that!
5	Easily the BEST perogies I've ever had! So many kinds and they do them ALL really well! If you like perogies, you need to try this place!
4	I'm new to Pittsburgh and wanted to try a really good rendition of pierogies. We ordered the classic potato and sauerkraut and the pizza pierogies at the suggestion of the owner, and also split a Reuben-like sandwich (forget the exact name). The pierogies were good and the sandwich was nice (good quality bread and meat). After talking to the owner as we were ordering, I really like the idea of what they're doing (high quality ingredients, making their own corned beef, etc.) I guess I just wish I was a little more blown away by the pierogies; they were good, but not as amazing as I was expecting.
