5	I've got an '06 Vespa LX150.  My Vespa mechanic back in Sherman Oaks on Ventura blvd in California recommended these guys when I told them we'd be moving here a year ago.  I was at first skeptical because they didn't have the word "Vespa" on their website.So I called Vespa in Chandler.  BIG MISTAKE!  They ignored me by failing to call me back.  So I called up Performance Scooter and had my scoot maintenance done (which was waaaaaay overdue).  Friendly guys, excellent service.  I was in and out in about an hour.  And the labor charge was much better than the Vespa boutique would have charged.  I'm glad to give my money to a family business rather than a fancy shmancy boutique just to save face and maintain the "prestige" of keeping with the name.Ya, so they don't have all Vepsa parts in stock.  Meh. It's close enough to central PHX that a trip back won't be an inconvenience.  Looking forward to my new tire next week~BTW, This didn't even FEEL like my scooter.  ((note to self, check tire pressure frequently))
3	I cannot comment on the service department here, as I went to do some 'scooter scouting'.The gentleman that helped my dog and me (yes, I could take Delilah in with me) was very nice, and helpful.He didn't know a thing about sidecars for scooters, which was a bummer, but he was friendly nonetheless.
1	NASTYI have been there twice and both time they were rude and acted like I was bothering them even being there.   I would drive to Tempe or N. Phoenix even though I live in SCottsdale.  They SUCK.
5	great help
1	Long story short , these guys are crooks. Liars. Greedy. Their mothers would be (and probably are) ashamed. If you want , Skip to the last paragraph to spoil the story and find out what to expect when dealing with them.My ExperienceI had brought my scooter in for a new intake , as mine had just fallen off while driving around town. I didn't think it was a big deal because I knew Performance Scooter was just down the road. I putted in and explained my situation to them.  I wanted to know my options. The guy working there told me my scooter was just a pile of crap , and I should buy one of his. And there was really only one option , a cheap knock off K&N filter that they will connect to a piece of rubber they chopped off some other intake that was laying around. For $80.00 installed. I thought this was a good deal , considering any mechanic knows if you change an intake on a motor you will have affected the air fuel mixture , and thus will need to jet the carburetor. I didn't want to spend the time jetting the carb my self , as it would be my first time for this carb/motor and I didn't have a good baseline to start. Also I had to be to work in about 1.5 hours. I accepted the deal.  The guy working there told me he had just crashed pretty hard on a scooter and had broken some ribs. So he needed me to install the intake , because he could hardly move. I bolted on the parts he had given me."There! Its going to run much better , and way faster now!"  The man said."What about all these disconnected , lose , vacuum lines that are just dangling now? What about the jetting? And the cotton air filter is dry , it needs to be oiled!" I replied.His response "It doesn't need oil , it doesn't need jetting. Its much better off now." I argued with him another few minutes , and decided I would leave , and try it out. "Maybe scooters are much more simple" , I thought , and went on my way , as I was becoming late for work. Instantly I noticed the scooter was running poorly. I used to be able to reach 70mph , and now its topping out at 35 , and its taking forever to even get to 35. I got to work late. That evening after work the scooter would not start.I called a friend and trucked the scooter home. In the morning the scooter still would not start. I trucked the scooter back to Performance Scooter. They told me they would look at it and get back to me. 5 days later they called and said "I don't know how much money you wanna put into this thing, but you can just buy a new one from me. Otherwise you are looking at $400.00 and I don't even know if that is going to fix it." I told him screw it. Leave it outside and ill pick it up when i get off work. I called my friend again , and trucked the scooter home. I could tell they had actually worked on it. The vacuum lines were all connected , at least. I gave up on my little scooter. I bought a new scooter (NOT from Performance Scooter!).6 months or so pass. My old scooter is sitting , collecting dust , and spider webs. I had a few days off , and figured I would start messing with the old scooter , kill some time and when its all fixed ill have an extra scoot for a buddy. I crouch down to get a better look at things and found it.A SURGICAL CLAMP ON MY FUEL LINE!!!! I removed the clamp and tried the starter. IT FIRED RIGHT UP. THE FIRST TRY , AFTER SITTING FOR 6 MONTHS!!!They put a clamp on the fuel line so my carburetor would not get gas , and my scooter would not run so that I would pay them more for extra "repairs"!! I was shocked! Angry! After all the trouble I went through. For nothing but GREED!Shame on Performance Scooter. These guys should be in jail.
1	11/1/2012 The service is terrible and the products are so cheap!(NOT IN THE GOOD WAY). Those to guys are so incredibly rude AFTER you have purchased their non-refundable scooters. Not even worth 1 star, honestly. I bought a new scooter there which came with a 3 mo warranty, I tried to buy an extended warranty and they refused. I should have known. My bike, although visually appealing, is a piece of crap. I have gotten it serviced 3 times already and it still needs work. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS BUSINESS, trust me you will regret it.
4	I'm not sure if they are new owners or if the other reviews are just off or what but I had an incredible experience. I bought my scooter used from AZ Scooter (also very nice folks), but got it serviced here at Performance Scooter (they are a few blocks from my house). They gave it the once over, replaced a valve stem, tweaked the engine a tad, and tightened up a few things like the mirrors and were extremely nice and pleasant about the whole thing. I think maybe folks have some unrealistic expectations when they buy a cheap scooter, and that may be at the heart of the other reviews. Had I known these guys were just down the street I would have bought from them. Knowing my very used (but well loved) scooter will need replacing in the next year I am definitely planning on buying from them. They were super nice and honest about my scooter and it's condition. For what it's worth, they gave the same assessment as the dealer I bought it from so unless they are all in cahoots I think these guys are pretty honest.
5	I took my daughter's Kymco here to have the exhaust pipe re-secured to the block and both hand grips tightened. Picked it up next day and found the work to be done satisfactorily, for much less than their preliminary estimate. That doesn't happen very often. I was very satisfied with the service provided by this dealer.
4	Robert and Delton of Performance Scooter were great. They were both friendly and attentive. I had previously done a little research online and arrived with an interest in purchasing a new Buddy scooter by Genuine Scooter Company. Robert patiently answered all my questions and there was never any pushy hard sell at all. This was my first visit to this Scottsdale shop/showroom and I was properly impressed with their professionalism - professional while down-to-earth, too. I'll be happy to be bringing my scooter back for the necessary maintenance. These two gentlemen have earned my trust. Delton, the shop mechanic, installed the new battery in my new bike. And then before I got on it to take it home, he patiently went over with me the basic do's and dont's that every scooter owner should know about the care/use of their 2-wheeler - stuff like the proper type of motor oil to use depending on the season, the importance of monitoring the proper air pressure in the tires, how to use the center stand, to always check that your lights are in working order if not before every single ride then at least once a week, plus too how to start and shut off the bike properly. Nothing overly technical - just the basics. If you know it all already - you can just tell him so.I see that one reviewer was unhappy that the fellow who attended to her told her that basically her scooter was essentially "a worthless piece of crap." Well, there are some "economically-priced" scooters out there coming from a certain part of the globe that has a reputation for shoddy quality - and if your scooter came from there, then it most likely IS a piece of crap. It may not sound "nice" to hear, but I'd rather hear the honest, unvarnished opinion from the guy that knows what he's talking about than having him blow smoke up my @ss just to make me happy. Being real with folks is not a crime, right?Anyway, IMHO, you fellows at Performance are doing a good job, keep it up.
5	I was looking for an authorized Kymco dealer to take care of my Xciting 500Ri needs. In this case, I needed tires. After ordering them a week earlier, I did receive a phone call to let me know they were in. I went in yesterday and was greeted by the two guys working there. I felt confident in their abilities as they are both motorcycle mechanics as well as scooter enthusiasts. I was treated fair and they communicated what was being done as I waited. They were extremely helpful and even found a missing lock bolt that secured the front axle. Their facility is clean, well organized and comfortable.  They spent over three hours on the bike and charged me very little for the work done. They will always get my business as I trust their workmanship. Especially when riding in spirited fashion!
5	Adam , Delton , and Robert are all incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about scooters. I have a 1985 Honda elite that broke down earlier this week. They towed from Peoria to Scottsdale , did the work in one day. I broke the bank but it was well worth it. I will be coming back for more work in the future.
1	There are TOO many reviews similar to my story. I'm glad I looked here because I though I was the only one who was treated with rudeness and outright disregard for anything even seeming like customer service.I was also told my scooter was a worthless piece of crap. BUT they made a big mistake by printing it on my last receipt (last year. I learned my lesson).I left there crying last October. Thought I was being super sensitive. I guess not..Thank you, everyone, for confirming that I am indeed not an idiot.I wish there were a way to give minus stars.
1	This place is the most unprofessional place I've ever been to as far as it goes for businesses. I brought in my scooter which I bought used in order for it to get looked at and so I can know what needs to be fixed. RIght away the staff, which includes the owner and his employee, began calling my bike a piece of crap being that its chinese, baiscailly trying to convince me that their bikes are better quality because they're american made , which were there words and for 2 hours tried to keep me from fixing it up all together, saying I'm just going to waste my money and I might as well buy one from them. AS nice as that sounded,due to my current financial standpoint I insisted that I'd rather invest the money little by little through services, then to come up with the total amount all at once to buy a brand new one from then. SO after hours of being "ragged on" I asked them to just please give me a price quote, which they finally did,for the most important problem. I then told them I just need to run home, which was right down the street to pick up the money cuz I happen to forget my wallet. They said ok. 20 minutes later,at the most,  I came back and handed ny keys over with an apology for  not taking their advice.  I then sit there for about an hour making friends with the other people sitting in the lobby only to have the owner come out and explain that they cannot work on my bike at that time, but if I were to leave it there and possibly I would have to leave it overnight, they "hopefully they would get it done by tomorrow afternoon",their words, now I was a little upset and I told them I was going to get my scooter taken care of either way, that I was promised if I got the money and came back I would be taken care of. The owner then said in a very condescending way that  "I cannot bring the bike in at 3 p.m", even though  they close at 6,"and expect us to jump and fix it". I explained how I arrived early and instead of working on my scooter for 3 hours they were trying to convince me to buy one of theirs and make a sale I also said that I didn't just show up at 3pm and drop it off but I was patiently waiting for a time to return which i didnt get obviously. THey proceeded to explaine to me that since I left to get the money these other people became priority over me, which is bad business being that i had an "unofficial appointment", but instead of arguing I asked when I should return to recieve the services on my scooter and the owner sarcasticaly said  tomorrow morning and that hopefully he would get it done that same day but he wasnt making any promises. now the problem woth my scooter is only a 40 dollar fix which says to me it probably can be handled within the last hour If need be. However, not wanting to make an evem bigger scene and embarrass myself, I went outside and called my mother. my mother and I were talking about the situaion and apparently  the owner of the place was eavesdropping and did not like what I was saying to her about the business and the way I was treated. I ignored him being that i was alone ib the parking lot ob a private phone call so i proceeded to say, to my mother, that because I am a gay Asian they were treating me this negative way. Not a minute later the owner proves this statement to be true because
1	I stopped by on a day where they were having a test drive event along with free food like burgers and hot dogs.What a complete waste of time. They completely ignored me when I walked in. For the 15 minutes I was walking around and looking at the scooters, they didn't even bother to ask if I had any questions or if I wanted a test drive. They were more interested in talking to each other and their friends that were just there hanging out. I thought the idea of running a business is to make money. Perhaps I am sorely mistaken because it seems like they didn't want any customers bothering them during their conversations.When I decide to purchase a scooter, I will go look elsewhere even if I have to drive across town. I suggest you do the same and take heed of all the rest of the bad reviews for this "business."
