4	Great little location for guns, ammo, and accessories.  It is brand new and right next to the Streets of NY on 19th Avenue and Happy Valley.  The place does not seem like it is ever packed even with all the talk of gun control.  There was also TONS of guns to choose from.  Their prices seemed a little high but that may have more to do with the Sandy Hook shooting.  The guy behind the counter was very helpful and was eager to take his time to show me what I was looking for.  He also educates you and when it comes to naive people like me it was very helpful.  I would definitely go back and the most important thing was that he had target ammo for sale which is rare right now if you have been to Cabelas or Bass Pro or even Sportsman's.  So I bought 2 boxes of 9mm target rounds and a gun cleaner for my Springfield handgun.
1	I went in to have a gun shipped here. I always buy local but this particular gun was difficult to find. I had to have it shipped from out of state. Anyway, the guy was really rude and short with me. He had another customer waiting so I figured that was it. I left but then after getting in my car I saw that the other customer was leaving so I returned.The store was empty now so I figured he would be more accommodating. Nope. Still very brief, rude. Not willing to fax the FFL or call the dealer I was purchasing from. I left and called Bear Arms. They were happy to take my $45 to send a fax and call me when a box arrives.This guy was young. I've been to the other location and purchased a gun and accessories and the 2 guys at that location were very helpful and spent some time with me helping me make a decision on which gun to buy. This place had lots of ammo which is crazy right now. Maybe it's cause people don't want to have to deal with this guy.
1	Unfortunately I had a very similar experience to Tom A. I had many weapons being transferred and was treated like an idiot because I was not fully knowledgeable about all of the firearms laws of the state and BATFE, frankly if I was, I would possess my own FFL and not be in their establishment.  I suspect seeing my 24th ID field jacket with US ARMY across the chest he figured I was not worthy being that he was an ex-Marine, tattoos, jarhead haircut and all. He acted like he couldn't be bothered with my FFL transfers and blamed me for the pacages not being marked to his standards.  Strange because I called every dealer and they spoke to the FFLs and they gave the shipping instructions to the dealers. But I guess it was my fault that they gave poor instructions to the GunsAmerica.com dealers.  Considering that they came up first on the list of FFLs on the website you would think they were used to FFL transfer.  Poor customer service is all I got, and if I owned the business and witnessed the customer service I got he would be fired immediately.  He was Mr. Billy Badass who most likely bullied others from a young age and was a member of the cult of Marines.  You are a vet and should be ashamed of your behavior.  Never do any transfers with these jokers.  BTW 99.9% of the Marine Corp vets I have met at the VA are fine human beings and gentlemen of the highest degree, I am NOT bagging on Marines.
1	I went in to this location a few weeks ago to purchase a firearm.  There were two people working and one was helping a customer.  The other salesperson was sitting at a computer near the front of the store and never acknowledged me.  After about 10-15 minutes of patiently waiting the salesperson helping another customer said someone would be with me in a few minutes.  After another 5-10 minutes the person working on the computer looked up and asked what I needed.  I explained I wanted to see a particular firearm and it was only at this point he decided to get up and walk over to the case and show me what I was looking for.  I asked a few questions and looked at a few firearms and the whole time he was short, somewhat condescending (this would be my first handgun) and very unhelpful.  It almost felt as though he didn't want to help and wanted me out of the store.  I had made up my mind regarding what I wanted but didn't want to give him my business so left.Immediately following this I called around and found out that the Shooter's world on Greenway had the same firearm in stock so I decided to drive that direction.  There other location had more salespeople and a lot more inventory.  I had an GREAT experience working with them and ended up buying the firearm at that location the same day.  Well worth the drive as the customer service there was top notch.  Big thumbs down for the Shooter's Vault on Happy Valley.  I just looked at another review and it seem's like Tom A. above had a very similar experience...
2	I go as often as I can. Every single time I go the same sales rep is there. Joe is his name. He's never helpful. He acts put upon. I've been in there while multiple customers. He was friendly and accommodating to others. I don't know if the fact I am a younger guy or what it may be. But rude rude rude is all I get. Now as I said I have witnessed him treating other with respect but when it comes to myself. I must just bother him. I do love the store and the few times I've had other reps help me it's great! I'm hoping maybe he can learn from the other and treat everyone with respect. I also admit I have not gone in because I noted he was the only one there and didn't feel like be treated as if I was bugging him.
5	Bought an SR9 this week from Shooters Vault. I was trying to buy a different pistol but they could not find the box, which I'd like to have. I'm glad that happened though because I am really happy with my purchase. They were all really helpful and knowledgable.
1	Just went in for my 3rd and last time. Incredibly horrible customer service. I use the 3 strikes rule - so I'm out. If I ran my business of 25 years with staff like theirs I would have been out of business a long time ago.
