4	Every now and then when I get a Chinese food craving, and I can't decide what exactly I want.  Good time to go to a buffet!   A coworker suggested this place, as it is fairly new and clean.  The food was good and at $6.99 for lunch you don't feel obligated to pig out to get your money's worth.  The staff is friendly and the refills were plentiful, I will definitely keep this on my Chinese food radar.
3	Second time attempting World Buffet, it was pretty tasty first time around, was hoping that a subsequent visit would confirm that. They have quite a selection of different items, although I think adding macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes to the buffet line does not equate to calling it a place that serves cuisine from around the world. If you don't mind brushing the 'cheese' off various dishes, then you'll get your seafood fix. The price wasn't bad for the variety. It'll be quite sometime before we head back to World Buffet for the coconut shrimp.
1	The food was a nightmare. My son got sick when we got home. Needless to say we won't be back!
5	Either some of the reviewers came on off days, or the people at World Buffet read their reviews and worked on their offerings ... whatever be the case, I had a delightful buffet lunch here with Rand H. and Mike C. From the cold appetizers to the hot soups to the entrees and even the BBQs, including kalbi, my favorite - everything was good and fresh. And the desserts, which are usually a neglected afterthought in most buffets, provided an enjoyable flourish to the meal. Great place ... I'm comin' back, and bringin' friends.
4	Well, I wouldn't call myself a Chinese buffet expert. But if there were such a title, I would like to say I'm in the running since it's become sort of a family tradition of mine to try new Chinese buffets.And in my maybe-expert opinion, World Buffet is among the top, with the exception of a few dishes: - the coconut shrimp, honey chicken, and spicy salt shrimp dishes were soggy (should be crispy dishes).- sashimi was not properly thawed and still had bits of ice on it- bathrooms smelled really badWith all these negatives, 'WHY would you give 4 stars', you ask?Staff was friendly, dining area was clean, food was not too salty, fruit looked fresh, sushi looked fresh (albeit some were still close to frozen)...all things I RARELY say about Chinese buffets.With the exception of the dishes previously mentioned, the food was at or above par. I particularly enjoyed the beef short ribs, clams, coffee cake, fish balls with pork filling (in soup), and fried crab. These dishes were the best I've tasted in a Chinese buffet.High ceilings and a brightly-lit atmosphere are icing on the cake.And the cherry: compared to similar buffets, World Buffet is a couple bucks cheaper ($11.99 on a weeknight).Now if I could only become a professional buffet critic...
3	Great service and clean place,  as for the food it was around the typical chinese food buffet style, they did offer a mongolian and sushi section.They had quite a few isles with a variety of different items, some you don't find at a  regular Chinese buffet.
4	I was quite impressed with this place.  Sometimes a buffet restaurant can gross me out, but this one stood out from others that I have been to.  With so many Chinese restaurant/buffet's to choose from in the valley, I would definitely give this one a shot if in the area.  It's location is very easy to get to located right off the 101 on the S/W corner of 91st ave and Olive in Peoria.  Situated in a newer looking commercial building and very nicely decorated on the inside.  Ambiance is pretty nice with the food fresh and looked after very intently by the employees.  I would like to add that it is very clean in the place.  Nothing is worse than a dirty restaurant.With the right prices, great service, and choices in food, World Buffet has something going for itself.  If you're a buffet fan, put this place on your list!
5	I been to alot of buffet. but, this one i give it 10stars. I decided to come hiere with a party of 15 as a go away party and i was pleased. My husband could not attend and they do have take out. Charge by the lbs. Yes. i highly recomment and will spred the word.The restaurant is very clean and very organized. There is fresh food all the time and it is always stock with fresh food. i am very pleased to find a buffet that have everything from California rolls, to spicy dish. from Chinese, Japanese, American and Hispanic food.
3	I will just be honest and up front... I am not a fan of buffets. It is impossible to have food sit out under a heat lamp and be as good as a dish served fresh. With that preconception in mind....Atmosphere: The cleanest buffet I have ever been to. There is soothing music playing in the background. The music is not loud enough to be annoying but rather creates a nice ambiance. The walking aisles are wide enough for easy movement to and from the buffet area which is centrally located but separated by a half wall partition. Service: The service was prompt and polite. Paying the bill was a little confusing because one normally buffets charge in advance and two at a buffet you do not really have a dedicated waiter so whom and when to pay was a tiny issue. Food: This is where all buffets fail and it is not for lack of effort it is simply a flaw in the design of buffets and should be anticipated before you take a seat at one.Korean BBQ: Was actually pretty good because despite sitting out it does not lose its texture. It had hints of ginger and had a nice chew to it.Orange Chicken: Tasted good but was mushy due to sitting in the orange sauce.Spicy Chicken: Bad texture and was not spicy.Fried Rice: Flavorless and had uncooked grains.Crab Puffs: Ok but tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for some time. They were not crunchy they were rubbery and the filling was luke warm.They have many other buffet options including non Chinese dishes to choose from but I did not partake. They serve sushi as well. I do not think this sushi contained any fish but I did not inspect too closely because there is no way I was eating sushi from a buffet.The cleanliness of the buffet was a huge surprise but as always the food was a let down. If you want to go to a buffet and know the food will not be great because it's a buffet then you might as well go here.
2	I was not impressed with world buffet.  The food was just okay, there were some very strange combinations like fish covered in cheese which really turned me off.We will probably not be back...
3	Not too bad... It's really nice inside, very colorful and clean! I also liked that they had the March Madness games on their TV too :)The staff was extremely friendly and it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be on a Sunday morning. They had a pretty nice variety to their buffet, however I wasn't all that impressed with the food...particularly the american dishes. The pizza, mash potatoes, and mac & cheese were kinda bland. Not to say the food was bad - it was just okay. I liked the asian style dishes a lot better and the spicy tuna they had was pretty decent.The price is fairly cheap for a buffet so that was cool. I'd come back here again if I was nearby and in the buffet sort of mood.
3	As others have noted, this place is VERY clean and the servers are attentive.  I've been to a number of buffets in the LA area and this place probably ranks above them.The food is good, but not excellent and you can't expect that for a buffet.  I was impressed that they didn't try to short change by offering less expensive selections.  There was an ample amount of seafood selections.  I found myself going back for the calamari.
1	If I could make this even less of a star I would.  This was the most expensive glass of water I have ever had. Typically at a buffet I can find something to eat, but everything was so icky looking that I couldn't bring myself to walk down half of the rows, the slimy uncooked fish, the strange things.  I understand "World" but you would think that would represent something other than Asian foods.  I did get a cup of the Egg Drop Soup, which was tepid in Temperature at best.  I tried their desserts, and even they weren't sweet...I drank my water and paid $13 for the pleasure.  NEVER AGAIN.
4	This exceeded my expectation of a regular Chinese buffet.  We went there for dinner during a weekday. The restaurant is very clean and they seem to rotate the food regularly so that you are not eating food that has been sitting there all day.At first I was put off by the various different decor styles, but it is named World Buffet.  I got over it by the time I left.  They have a good selection of different soups and a salad bar.  They had Japanese, Chinese, a little American and a little Italian selection.Me and my children are on a gluten free and dairy free diets and often feel that we do not get our monies worth at most Chinese buffets.  Here there were 3 or 4 meat dishes that were not breaded or in a dairy based sauce.They offered a grill where you select the items to cook and they cook it for you.  We were so full that we did not have a chance to check out this part of the restaurant.  Next time we will.We were full by the time we left.  Since our food allergy diagnosis, we have not been able to leave any Chinese buffet  feeling full.NOTE: If you order a soda, you only get 1 refill.
5	-Very clean restaurant.-Even cleaner restrooms.-Pretty decor.-Friendly staff.-Delicious food, including Dim Sum, Mongolian BBQ, Sushi, Chinese, Seafood, Salad Bar, and American food.-Fresh food rotation. Buffet lady with headset talks to the cooks in the kitchen and new food appears. -Reasonable prices.-Convenient parking.-One of the better Chinese Food buffets that I have been to.
4	Great buffet, and a very clean restaurant.The service personnel were very friendly, very attentive, and very polite.
1	In all fairness, I did not eat here.  However, I have parked in the parking lot and walked inside, and promptly left after the warm, stagnant seafood smell hit me.  I love buffets and have been to many buffets that included seafood, but I just couldn't bring myself to eat here. Sorry
3	Not my favorite buffet. Always found the food kind of bland here, but what kept my family and I coming back were the crab legs. Service was fairly good. I'm always impressed by the cleanliness of this place. It's rare to find a buffet that keeps it's aisles clear of wasted food on the floor.
1	This place is horridly disgusting. After getting a cup of egg drop soup, it was discovered  there was SOAP in the soup. I alerted the management, and had to deal with a less than competent man (the owner) with limited public relation capabilities. I sincerely felt sorry for their poorly treated waitress, who apologized over the manager. To add insult upon injury, the manager refused to remove the infected soapy soup from the buffet & STILL SERVED IT TO THE PUBLIC FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION. Gross & distasteful
4	Great buffet! Very clean and all! most of the food was fresh! but some I was a little disappointed. Overall great place!
5	I love this buffet! Everything here is so flavorful and delicious. Especially their crawfish, that's all I come here for. Must try this Chinese buffet!
5	I have eaten here regularly, taken family and friends, and every time I've been satisfied. Sometimes their busy, sometimes it's quiet. The food is usually very good and fresh and the price is very good for the amount and selection of food they offer. Service is usually good, sometimes you can get someone new but most of the time they are very attentive and nice.My biggest problem has always been with some of the customers, there is always a jerk who wants something for nothing. Or a lack of discipline parent with a screaming child. Not always, but you know who I'm talking about, reminds me of some of the reviewers here. I'll still go back.
3	Another visit to Phoenix, and another visit to World Buffet, one of my nephew's favorite places to eat.  Again - good food, good service, clean, and pleasant.
4	My wife was excited to read that this place had sushi.  I didn't look forward to going here as I'm neither a sushi fan nor much of a seafood fan.  I looked forward to there being a single dish made of chicken.I arrived and not only found that this was one of the cleanest buffets that I've ever seen, but there was an incredible variety of dishes.  For very picky eaters like me there were a few American dishes like pizza, mac-and-cheese, and potato salad.  There was also lots of sushi to make my wife happy.  The price wasn't terrible at about $10.50 each.  Got water to drink and the waitress tried to charge us for soda but was very apologetic when we pointed out the mistake.The one thing that disturbed me was the setup of the restroom and that someone sitting at a certain table or two could possibly look in through a briefly open door and see a man standing at a urinal.  There was a small metal wall, but I would've asked for more.
1	Food was ok, the waitress was nice, buffet was clean, but the manager was a real jerk.  We had a coupon from coupons.com that was loaded to my iphone and STATED on the coupon "Show this coupon to the server to take 15% off your bill".  The manager told us that we had to have it printed out on paper and he wouldn't honor it even though it stated that it just needed to be shown to the restaurant, not that it needed to be printed.  The restaurant owners were the ones who created it!!  And now they won't honor it.  Will never go back, the manager was very short with us and waved us off.  Not a good way to keep customers happy and coming back.
1	This place was disgusting !!! with a capital DIS the restaurant smell was unpleasant. the Service sucked  and none of the food was fresh it makes my stomach queeze
4	Very clean- cleanest buffet I've seen and bathrooms were good.Good variety of foods AND soups.Sushi and Kimshi (Rotten cabbage?) were great (according to wife)Dim Sum, Mongolian BBQ, Sushi, Chinese, Seafood, Salad Bar, and American food.  All were hot and fresh and great flavor.  I had many varieties of chicken and egg drop soup + one shrimp and broccoli dish. they had Mongolian grill~foods were hot and fresh at 3:30 PMService was good (but they were very slow, we went early)Prices were reasonable....  had 2  $8.99/plate lunches and drinks ended up with $22.00+tip. -Convenient parking.-One of the better Chinese Food buffets that I have been to.
3	Ah...the mysteries of the Orient. So many mysterious cuisines and ingredients. The combinations of flavors and textures and the "waste nothing" approach to preparing food. You picture little Asian grandmas in the kitchen, meticulously tucking the pork and bean paste filling into each pork bun. You imagine them crafting hand made dumplings, egg-rolls and wontons. You think about a couple of middle aged Asian men busy stir frying ingredients in giant woks over hot stoves, wiping their brows as they furiously tend to their tasks.That is not what happens here and I'm sorry to disappoint you.If you have ever visited an Asian supermarket...check out the frozen section sometime. There is a vast selection of ready to microwave dumplings and pork buns and meats and vegetables of all kinds. There are egg-rolls and wontons and pot stickers and shrimp and octopus galore. Over in the condiments aisle, there's General Tso sauce in a bottle and Hoisin and Bibim Bap and Bulgoki and seafood sauce.Throw the above items into a microwave/pot/oven/wok and then you place them on a buffet. That is the type of meal you'll get here- which is not to say that is is a bad meal at all, but you don't need an Asian grandma to make the treats being served on these steam tables because they have been manufactured by a machine, frozen and reheated for your dining pleasure.Many Americans don't venture into an Asian supermarket and for those Americans, the bloom is not off of the rose. Me? I can't stay out of an Asian supermarket once I locate one, so the value for me here is that someone else prepares the food for me, does the dishes, and refills my drink. Although a piece of tuna sashimi was still mostly frozen, it was an OK place to chow.Try eating the shrimp which are fried in their shells with the shell and the head still attached. They fight back a little as you chew them up, but they are far tastier. Try a snail with some of the dumpling sauce or hot mustard. Damn good. Do not let me see you put a slice of pizza or some mashed potatoes or french fries on your plate here. Do grab piece of fried chicken, however.I've been lucky to have gorged myself at much better Asian buffets before, and I prefer the Hong Kong style (which this is not) but despite the 2.5 stars I'm giving World Buffet, I will return because this type of grub is hard to find in AZ. $15 per person ain't a bad price and that includes a soft drink and the all you can eat crab legs, oysters, sushi and sashimi.
4	Nice selection,  Mongolian grill was great. Clean and very good service, price was right.
3	I am always on the fence about any type of buffet style restaurant. World Buffet is clean and the staff is friendly and accommodating. The woman who sat us overheard my 4 year old asking for chicken nuggets ( which they don't have during the week) and said she would have the kitchen cook us up some. From the adult food perspective, everything was fresh and warm- not so easy to come by at buffets.
4	I don't understand the bad reviews here. When this buffet first opened we heard from some friends that it was just so-so and not all that great, so we didn't even try it. Over time we started hearing some positives about it and decided to give it a try.We've been here probably 15 or more times and each time it's been very good. Even during their busy times the wait staff have been very attentive, the hostess very nice, the food's always been good and the ambiance pleasurable.We always recommend the World Buffet and take friends and family there. So far we've heard no complaints and everyone always says they enjoyed it and it's one of the best Chinese buffets they've eaten at.
5	Wow, it's been almost 2 1/2 years since I ate here & loved it.  Today, Mike C. joined me again for the Lunch Buffet, & I'm happy to report that it's just as good now as it was before.  This time we feasted on 134 different food choices, not counting sauces & dressings & I thought everything I tasted here today was really good.  Some of my favorites today were the Hot & Sour Soup, the flavorful & varied Sushi, the Mongolian BBQ & the crispy fried chicken.The dining rooms here are particularly comfortable & inviting too, & our table service lady was friendly & attentive, so I still think this is one of the very best of the 174 currently open Buffets I have eaten at & reviewed here in the Valley, "1-Star" reviewers notwithstanding!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.59/$6.83 Sr.
3	This evening I got proof that entropy occurs in the universe. I was driving by the area, was really hungry and decided to have an early dinner in what, until that point, was one of my favorite buffets. Unfortunately I did not have the spectacular feast that I had expected. There were quite a number of misses: among them, the sushi and sashimi didn't have the freshness that I recall from this place, the hot-and-sour soup had a heavy film over it, and a number of dishes were quite dry - the fried chicken, the fried rice, and the sauteed rice noodles, for instance.  Other dishes were just OK, particularly those that are hard to mess up, such as beef and broccoli.  Nothing was outstanding this time around, and the only thing that kept me from bringing my rating down even lower was that they had fresh oysters, which were quite good; but even then, though they did have these on ice, they also put ice ON the opened oysters and the ice melt diminished the sea-brine flavor of the molluscs. In all, it was just OK but definitely not worth the 12 bucks (incl. tax) that I paid for dinner.  I hope that they can get their act together again and become once more the outstanding buffet that I remember.
5	Best Chinese buffet in the West valley!!  That's it, the sum it up line.  I live in Surprise with several Chinese buffets and I rather commute to this one!  As good as a Chinese buffet can get! I always have fresh sushi here, fresh food, you can even have them cook a "make your own bowl on a huge skillet."  I can't get dim sum items anywhere else in the valley except here, reminds me of going to the tea houses in San Fransisco with my mother when I was younger.P.S. I take my mom here when she visits from San Fransisco, she loves it and thinks it very clean looking and fresh.  Another personal note: my mother is Chinese, and grew up in China.  She loves this place.  Hope that encourages you to try it,  I have been here more than a handful of times and my kids even love it.  They like picking from the variety of seafood, mac and cheese, pizza, pot stickers, fresh fruit, ice cream, sushi, and steamed items.Hungry yet?!
5	Forget about the apathetic reviews... this place is awesome!All you can eat sushi?  Check!  All you can eat yellowfin tuna/ Ahi? Double-check!  All you can eat snow crab legs, shrimp, and crawfish?  All you can eat melt-in-your-mouth Korean beef short ribs and more? You get the point! (Please note that crab legs and ahi are only served on Sundays.)Come here hungry, and you'll most likely get the bang for your buck!  Unlike most Oriental-American buffets, this one keeps their stuff hot & fresh and they also have Mexican food and a decent section of deserts.  The service is good but not superb and some of the items are mediocre. So, yes... overall, I'm a happy customer and I think that you'll concur!!!
2	dead on...meh, i've experienced better...best part of the evening playing with the food. scared the daughter with crawfish, convinced the son to eat escargot, then attempted to get both kids to kiss a giant shrimp with eyes. the husband says three stars, but honestly i don't think i'd eat at this joint again.
4	My partner and I dined there Thursday evening. There is a very large selection of Chinese items. The trick is to put small samples of items that look appealing on your plate then return for more of the items that you really like. While some items weren't all that pleasing to my palettes, I found many that were very tasty.  There is a large supply of different kinds of sushi. The senior rate during the week is $10.99 while it's a dollar more for the younger crowd. Oh the advantages of being old!  I highly recommend this buffet as it has good food and very reasonable prices. I would have given five stars except I reserve that rating for places that are nearly perfect.
5	Where can I start? When entering a newresturant I look for great customer service and great quality food.  This place offers this 100 percent . Customer service is top notch.  Both the managers and workers make an effort to assist you with any concerns. They always look to approve their service and welcome your feedback.  A great example would be when I spoke to the manager one-to-one about new strategies in perfecting customer service and marketing; she was very excited about tips and tricks I conveyed to her.  I think her restaurant will become very popular.The food is excellent and very inviting!  I had to limit my portions because I wanted to try everything!!!Seafood heaven... American style delight... Asian Fusion galore and much more (Look at my photos I've post and you realize that World Buffet gave me a wonderful experience).Helen's upcoming deals that I'm excited about?  Groupon and LivingSocial discounts.  This is a great idea and I can't wait!Go in and experience World Buffet the right way!
3	It was pretty decent - Seafood night. The steak was not worth raving about. The sushi and Chinese was great. As a family of four (son:  4, daughter: 1) we ate for $30.79
2	Went here expecting more variety! The name is sort of misleading! Very limited to Oriental food. Not that bad but too pricey.
3	I had a date night with my mom!  She invited me for dinner and picked this place to try.  It was both of first time.  We came here on a Thursday night, they were busy but not packed.  We were greeted and sat quickly.There was a ton of food.  Appetizers, soup, dim sum, entrees, sushi, bbq, etc.  Some of the appetizers were old and hard.  =(  The wonton soup was missing wontons.  The egg drop soup was good.  The "chinese" food was good.  The fish was dry.  I think the BBQ sat too long (super tough).The place was clean and service was great.  Just the food was so so.  Our bill came to $26+, I thought the price was a little high...
5	great selections. Sushi, mongolian bbq, Dim Sum, and even fried checken. It tastes homemade and delicious.
4	Great varieties of foods!!
4	This was not my choice and a long way from home. My wife and I met some friends here. I thought there was plenty of elbow room and the tables were spaced far enough where you didn't have to hear the next table's conversation. Enough of this preamble, let's talk food.They have all of the Chinese food you would expect along with the Sushi and a sprinkling of Korean and Filipino dishes. I had the crab cakes in the little shells which I though were good but a tad greasy when they touchdowned in the stomach. The pancit was great and could rival any similar dish in any Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix metro area. They had all kinds of chicken dishes which for the most part were good. My favorite was the spicy chicken. Pro Tip - the chicken wasn't spicy (this is coming from a gringo that doesn't like spicy food). The spicy chicken was probably my favorite dish in the whole buffet. They had this stuffed garlic or spicy crab that was also very tasty. I believe that is their signature dish that they are most proud of at World Buffet.I had some Desert Banana that is similar to Turon but without the eggroll wrapper. The banana was good but not great. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and it came out to $30 before tip for two people.
1	worst value for your money. went on a saturday evening. 5pm.....has alot of options, and it looked delicious, but was i wrong. food was bland, dried(orange chichen was like jerky) non of the soups had flavor. im being honest all their soups tasted bad, more like tap flavor. i love asian soups, these soups were horrible....for a saturday evening it was very dissapointed. with taxes it came out to be $16 and some change withna fountain drink. (i know i paid what i could have paid for a sit down asian bistro) the waitress were super friendly, but at the end you gomfor the food. end line: save your money, for 2 you are paying $32, and if u have kids well over $40. nothing is worth it here.
5	This is my favorite buffet in the area.  Staff is great and food is restocked quickly. The sushi bar is small but delicious.The Korean BBQ chicken is amongst my favorites.Highly recommend.
2	Not my top choice for a Chinese buffet. Over priced on the dinner & the food was barely warm. Service was the only great thing I would compliment on.
1	One of the worst buffets I have ever been to after eating one plate I had my fill of dissatisfaction. I would never revisit this restaurant if you would even call it that. Food was almost indelible.
2	The place is pretty clean the people are really friendly service I see you at the some of the stuff is really overcooked and the sushi is really dry other than that it's pretty good service is just I have experience better buffets but maybe it's just because it's so late in the evening and in the weekend I am going to come back and try it again a second time and see how things change and then I will do a update.
3	Had the lunch menu, Most of the food is okay, some of it was dry from sitting longer than it should.The staff was very friendly and helpful, made it a pleasant experience. Realizing when a buffet parking lot is empty the food suffers the dreaded time sitting and getting over cooked.Desserts on the other hand were all fresh and tasted awesome.Would recommend when it's busy so the food isn't sitting long periods of time..
4	I happen to like this place. Could the food be better sure but that is true anywhere especially on a buffet. I have never had anything cold to eat here, unless it was supposed to be cold. They also now serve Crab legs every night. I eat here every weekend and have never gotten sick once. The owner is Ming. And the waitresses (Zoe,  Ping and Shan) are great, very friendly. Current dinner price - $11.99. Price went up when they started serving crab legs every night.
4	This is the easiest place to go for lunch or dinner. The food is always good, we have been going here for 2 years. The servers are very attentive and always smiling.
1	Took my family here for the first and last time. This place was so gross and as we were eating a roach was crawling up the wall behind us. We told the manager we didn't want to finish our food because of the huge roach crawling on the wall and showed her. The managers response was I'm sorry but we have the best pest control in Arizona. Nothing else. No discount, nothing. I'll never go back there. Ruined our night.
2	Went here on a Saturday evening with some friends and I won't be going back. Basically, you get what you pay for. It's a cheap buffet with cheap food. The seafood is overcooked. Don't even think about getting the sushi. I tried one piece and could immediately tell that it was very bad quality fish. The fried food is over-breaded.The food with sauces (like the orange chicken) is drenched with sauce. The vegetables are over-steamed. They do have Mongolian BBQ which I liked because I got to control how much vegetables/meat/noodles/sauce went into the dish. However, the meat is not good quality and the sauce is diluted so use plenty of both.The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 star is because the service was top notch and very friendly.
3	I ate here on a Sunday evening with a large group of friends who told me in advance that the place was edible. I thought it was better than edible, but I may not have the world's highest standards. Like you'd expect from a buffet (perhaps especially one called "World Buffet"), there's tons of variety in the food options. Most people seemed to like the frozen yogurt. Lots of watermelon always makes me happy. I wouldn't go in with too high of expectations, but if you're looking for something to feed a crowd, this place is definitely functional. Parking was no problem and there was plenty of seating. Bonus points if you speak Vietnamese.
