3	The Playfair is part of the Wetherspoon chain, and is actually okay for a Wetherspoons. If you are to go to a ''Spoons'' in Edinburgh city center, this one is much better than The Standing Order on George Street. It doesn't have the interesting features of The Standing Order as it is really just a plain, glass fronted bar but it has plenty of seating and has a much better atmosphere. It is a good size and can be quite busy pre and post theater as the Playhouse is located seconds away. As with most Wetherspoons it is cheap and cheerful, and the food is okay. The service is usually quite quick in here as the bar never gets too packed and there is always plenty of staff working. It's ideal for a quick drink or bite to eat before heading to a show at the Playhouse, or before catching a train at Waverley station located 5 minutes away.
3	This is a good place to come for a good meal or drink at reasonable prices.  The only thing it's bad for is watching the football mostly because it is hard to see the screens unless you are in specific seats.  I don't know whether Mr Weatherspoon doesn't like his football (and this is one of his pubs), but it appears to be a common theme with his pubs.  For those of you who don't like football and it's associated crowd this might be a blessing.One thing that I think will put all of us off is that it feels a bit cramped in here.  I know they don't want to have to send anyone away, but this isn't some cheap canteen - you really don't want to be forever knocking chairs with the person behind you trying to enjoy their meal.  If it wasn't for this fact it would get 4 stars, but as it is it gets 3.
3	The Playfair is one of a number of pubs in the Omni Centre that provides food and drink at reasonable prices. A Lloyds bar, this certain bar is pretty good for a drink after seeing a movie or for after dinner. From the outside, this place looks quite modern, however when you get inside the interior is just the same as any other Wetherspoon bar! It is quite small inside, and seating is limited, however the bar is very long for the size of this place, so there is plenty of room for leaning against the bar if you have to. I also have to agree with Robert, if you want to see the widescreen televisions then you will need to choose a seat from a limited selection of chairs due to the lack of areas in the bar where you can actually see the full screen! Apart from its small space and lack of places to view the televisions from, this place is ideal if you're in the mood for cheap and cheerful drinks!
2	This was a convenient place to kill an hour between finishing work and meeting a date for a couple of drinks before going to see a film. It was busy (even on a Tuesday evening) so I felt comfortable enough being there on my own and it has the informal, no frills atmosphere you'd expect from a chain bar.Although I didn't have high expectations the cheese and ham toastie I had to keep me going was disappointingly tasteless and not very hot. The service was pretty poor aswell, with the bar so understaffed that I gave up after waiting in the queue a couple of times.In places like this you know what you're getting and you get what you pay for so if you're popping in for a few casual drinks you won't be either disappointed or wowed. The Slug and Lettuce in the Omni is a much better option in terms of food, drink and service and is only slightly more expensive.
3	It was a Saturday afternoon and we needed some good tasty grub. We came across the Omni Centre saw The Playfair. Ahh a good ol' Wetherspoons, you know what you're gonna get with them. It was a bit smaller than the usual Wetherspoons I had been in. It was quite busy but we managed to find a seat for all 7 of us. We decided what each of us were having with some getting some good deals on burgers and drinks saving us some money.Our food didn't take long to arrive and was good. That's one thing about Wetherspoons, it's the same wherever you go, especially if your wanting something quick and decent. It did the trick and saved us a bit of money.
