1	I am so so so glad that I am no longer in the care of this Family Practice office. Each time I would go in for an appointment they were running hours, I'm talking 2+ hours behind. Once I was late less than 10 minutes and they threw a fit. Now that I live out of state, all I'm trying to do is get a copy of my records. It seems to be rocket science to them. On hold for over 20 minutes with an intermitten "thanks for holding how can I you?" from different people. This is INSANE!  When I finally get somone on the phone I'm asked if I need all my records. I said yes. So they tell me since I need my whole medical record, it cost $10 to get my records on a CD. I went there twice. I can't imagine my records being more than a couple pages. I asked if for the $10 I can get my son's on the same CD. Nope. We were both there a total of 4 times - combined. This place is so completely disorganized and the front office staff is completely aloof to the patient's needs. If I moved back to Mesa and this was the last medical office on earth, I would go die  in the gutter. I wish I could take the one star I had to give them, to write the review, back. They don't even deserve that!
1	Love Doctor Downing but his staff is rude,  inattentive and unprofresional .  I dread making appointments because it takes so long to get an appointment.  The wait times are long and the waiting room is small and crowded.  Today I had an appointment and gave the medical assistant my new insurance card only to be treated rudely and given a new patent forms to fill out.  I explained that I am not a new patient and she said I would have to take it up with the doctor which I could not see unless I filled out the paper work.  Frustrated I said that maybe I need a new doctor, she said ok and closed the glass window, I left without seeing the doctor.  I won't be doing business with Mission Family Medical again.
5	Dr. Freberg is the best. He's not rude, pushy or tries to persuade you into anything. The wait time can be a little long, but like any Dr office, you have to know when to get there. Also, to the people that say the staff is rude, I have not encountered this. Though, I do not give them any grief about anything either. The office is clean and so are the back rooms. I trust my health is in good hands with Dr. Freberg.
