2	Frankly, we like Applebee's. Usually, we order take-out...their oriental chicken salad is fantastic.  However, desert, was recently a major disappointment.  We ordered a couple slices of chocolate-raspberry layer cakes. While the cakes were really tasty, three bites are not enough...especially for $5.00!  As far as service is concerned, out of about a dozen take-out orders 20-25% were wrong.
4	This is the best Applebee's I've been to in a long time. The service was good and the food was made properly. I usually order the same things so I can tell when the cooks are slacking; they certainly didn't at this place!
3	Get this - a group of cheap golfers deciding that two entrees for $20 was a great deal - and it would leave more $ for drinks.  And yes, that is the way it worked out.Not having been in this Applebees before, we stopped on the way back from We-Ko-Pa.  After battling cacti for 5 hours, we were ready for food and cold drinks.  And we were not disappointed.The food was great for the price - everyone was delighted with the quality and quantity of the food. The beer was cold, and the Wild Turkey was as good as ever.More importantly, our waitress and the bartender were very patient.  As you all know, golfers, after a long day at play, can be very raucous and loud, and the staff was very friendly and tolerant.  This earned them an extra star.  When the guys come back down, I am sure they will want to come here again.
3	My wife and I stopped by Sunday evening for dinner. We say there two for $20 special and decided to give it a try.You split an appetizer and then order an entry from a limited menu.We had the spinach artichoke dip and it was hot gooey and real tasty.My wife ordered the Chinese chicken salad and I ordered the top sirloin.My wife said the salad was good and the sreving was huge.My stake was average and the vegetables were over cooked.it was a good meal for the $20 and I will likely do this again but I will go in knowing that you get what you pay for.
2	My mom and sister drove here from L.A. to visit me and I decided to take them to Applebees to treat them with an evening appetizer. This was at around 9:30pm about three weeks or so ago. We parked, we entered, we stood there for two or three minutes, we didn't even get a second glance from an employee, we walked out, we drove away, and we went to Chili's. That Chili's experience was well worth the Applebees exit!! Delicious!I give Applebees one extra star because I ate at this particular Applebees twice before, and it was a decent experience.
5	We went for latenight happy hour. It started at 9. Half price on select apps and alcohol. Andy was our bartender and he was fabulous! Very friendly and we look forward to coming back to his great service!
5	Service was quick, food was quick & hot, and the drinks kept coming. Yay for Snobsdale!
5	Best Happy Hour!!!  Half price drinks (except shots) and select appetizers.  Friendly staff.
4	I hadn't been to Applebee's in years, but I patroned this particular location because I happened to have a couple of gift cards to use. The restaurant was clean and there was a lot of natural lighting coming through the windows unlike the Chilis restaurant across the street. That particular aspect stood out to me because I'd hate to hang out somewhere that's dark and depressing. More importantly, unlike Chillis, I was greeted by welcoming employees. My companion and I came on a Saturday afternoon..around 2:00pm so we probably missed the busy lunchtime crowd and there was a sparse crowd. We ordred from the under 550 calories menu. I'm not a calorie counter, but eating healthy is very important to me. I selected the Signature Sirloin with Garlic Herb Shrimp, which I absolutely loved. It was full of flavor and light. I would say it was enough for a meal, but I had cravings to eat more that day so ended up chowing down on some desert after leaving Applebees. My companion that day also had a dish from the under 550 calorie menu of which I don't remember exactly which it was, but I remember tasting a little and it was equally tasty and light. Every selection on that menu appeared appetizing and worth trying on another day.
4	We decided to grab Applebee's To-Go today. My wife needed me to take the child out of the house for a little while, so I opted not to pre-order online like I've done in the past. I figured that would make for some good quiet time for the wife, and some daddy/daughter time for the little one and myself.We pulled up to the To-Go parking, and almost immediately, Jamie was out the door to greet us. Granted, she thought we were another customer, though the reception was certainly welcome. When she realized that we weren't who she was expecting, she escorted us inside to let us place our order.Having a family of three, we tend to order from the 2 for $20 menu. That way, we get a good appetizer and two entrees for, you guessed it, $20. Today, my wife and I opted for an entree we'd never ordered before, the "Bourbon Street Chicken & Shrimp", with a side of broccoli, and Spinach and Artichoke dip for the appetizer. The little one went for her old standby, the grilled cheese sandwich with applesauce.These entrees were really good!  The chicken was served over a bed of sauteed onions, and topped with about half-a-dozen shrimp, each one coated in a nice cajun seasoning. The shrimp were delicious, and the chicken was AMAZING! I know, it might sound a bit ridiculous to rant about chicken...but it was that good. The cut was exceptionally thick, and it was cooked just right...still juicy and delicious!Now, it wasn't ALL smiles. The only gripe I have is with the broccoli. I'm not sure if they were in a hurry to get it out the door, but whoever was steaming it stopped about half-way through. It was palatable, it just wasn't as delicious as it could have been.I'm not 100% sure how the grilled cheese was...all I know is that I looked one minute and it was there, and the next minute it was gone. So, I'm assuming it was pretty decent.After the dust settled, and we got the bill, the three of us got great meals for $25. Not bad at all.If you're in a hurry, or you have little ones who may or may not act like complete animals from time to time, ordering online and picking up your meal To-Go is a lifesaver!
3	It's Applebee's which gives you some expectations but not a lot. We came for a late dinner. Server was great which means a lot. I had a sort of healthy fish dish, low in calories. It wasn't great but was ok. My wife had ribs and was disappointed
4	It has been years, if not a decade, since I went to an Applebee's.  Last time the food, the service, everything was just awful..  I went out of sheer hunger and proximity, and I was pleasantly surprised.The service was great, and fast.  The food was hot and tasty.  We ended up just having a bunch of appetizers (who doesn't love an appetizer dinner, you know), and everything was great.  The pretzel sticks were terrific and the wings were done just the way I like.  Not over done and just saucy enough.We will be returning.
5	It's an Applebee's..but who doesn't love Applebees?! I needed and L.I.T. bad one day after having to deal with apartment issues. They have flavored L.I.T.'s there and they were half price after 9pm. It was an amazing ( and much needed) deal. The flavor I got was strawberry and I would recommend it- it's a very strong yet, refreshing drink! We got the 2 for $24 deal and everything was amazing. We both got the ribs and got the mozzarella sticks to share. At that point I was so hungry I ate everything in front of me. The server was very nice and the atmosphere was quiet since it was after 9pm.  I will be going back soon!
1	What a sad excuse for a chain that touts its football games and specials on Sunday. I walk into this place about 1:30pm on Sunday and the hostess has no idea who is playing or what is TV. The bar has one person and one table filled. Meanwhile, there are football banners and pennants everywhere promoting the NFL, but they apparently don't carry the NFL package because only the nationally televised game was on their five TV's. Even the staff is wearing football jersey's - well there was a reason it was empty right smack in the middle of an NFL Sunday. What a pretender.
5	Love it!  Great staff, great food, no wait!  Happy Hour is great & love the perfect margaritas!
2	Normally like this place, but was very disappointed tonight. We had 9 people, and they ran out of fries, so they split what they had left between 5 of our people - said they would bring more but never did. Then ordered hot fudge shooters - they were a joke! They contained 1/4 teaspoon of hot fudge tops. Restaurant needs attention Applebee's!
2	Nothing great. Uninteresting menu.  Loud.
1	Went for dinner last night, they have closed.  Don't know if it's just a remodel or whether they are out of here...
4	This Applebee's went out of Business December 2013.  Was a great location and good food and Staff.
