4	Look, I realize that this place seems like a cookie-cutter sports bar/wings spot and it is, but this is where my favorite bartender works.  I work around the area (doing manual labor) and if I have had a rough day, I know this is where I am going.  I grab a seat at the bar with my co-worker, Dan, covered from head to toe in tire residue and enjoy a few drafts with the company of Amanda, our bartender.  She is so nonchalant and personal with her customers.  I feel like she should just hop over the counter and join us in the debauchery.  That isn't to say that she is slack in her service, just smooth with it.  The place is nice to relax in around 5:30 and watch ESPN with a partner, because it isn't too crowded around this time and they play good nineties rock.  Foo Fighters and STP, they aren't my favorite bands, but it reminds me of carefree days and that is always refreshing.  So check it out and give my friend Amanda a good tip.
4	This is my favorite place to go after a long days work of manuel labor at the old warehouse.  I visit here with my best friend and co-worker, Dan, a few times a week for the cheap beer specials and the excellent service.  My favorite bartender works here, Amanda, who is honestly more of a friend than a bartender.  Sometimes I could picture her hopping over the bar and sharing a few cold ones with me and my buddies.  It is your typical sports bar with great trivia and television screens galore.  However. the service keeps steady customers.  Come on by, and tip Amanda well.
3	BW3 is a great place to sit and watch a game. I saw the Carolina and Duke basketball game there last year, and while my Tarheels lost, I still had a really good time. Their veggie burger is great, and the bar is a lot of fun. The service is fast and good, and the televisions are big without being overwhelming. It's a typical sports bar without the ick of a typical sports bar.
2	I've been to a sports bar or two in my time, and this one really blows.  Or maybe we just had really bad seats.  I don't know exactly what it is, but it's just about impossible to enjoy the game(s) that are going on.When I want to catch some games, I'd like to be able to take them in.  I totally get that you're going to get cross-talk from different games, and that's okay - but at this location, it's so bad that you can't hear anything.Some of the best places I've seen will give you a speaker on your table where you can tune in the game you want to hear.  Or if there's a game that's really big, they turn that one on.  At BW3, they just turn them all on full-blast (or so it seems), and you can't hear anything - or perhaps you hear everything.The food is good, and you get a choice of all sorts of sauces on your wings (which makes it difficult - how do you choose which one?).  The service is pretty good too.  But you can get wings anywhere, so it's nothing particularly special.  You really have to want to sit through the cacophony in order to eat them, though.
3	BW3 was a good place to catch all of the NCAA tournament action this weekend.  Our waitress was great and even put the Purdue game on one of the large TV's for us. Good beer specials and plenty of choices on tap.  They have a great app sampler... which just happens to be my favorite food group.  Like many NC restaurants there is smoking in the bar area, but good ventilation so it wasn't too bad.
3	I have been craving wings for about 2 months. When it comes with wings and me, it's not economical to go to just any wing place and order 10 wings, i'll leave hungry and upset. BWW, at this location, has all you can eat wings for $9.99, but only M-F 11am-2pm. Lucky for me, I was on my vacation and they were still doing the special.My friend and I went and the place was dead. They had about 4 or 5 people total. We get seated in the far corner of the restaurant and it took our waitress 15 minutes to even show up to take our drink orders. Since we suspected that we were going to see this trend continue, we ordered our 1st order of wings. I got the spicy garlic and medium with these "chips" (which were actually round unseasoned potato wedges. They proved good for cleaning your palette for the next flavor of wings), my friend got the garlic parmesan and asian kicker with seasoned wedges. I enjoyed both of my flavors and LOVED the garlic parmesan. The asian kicker was way too sweet and spicy for me. Next we tried honey BBQ and mild wings, they were pretty good, but my favorite were the garlic parm. During the whole time we were there, we saw our waitress maybe 3 times, other people served our orders, and refilled our drinks. She showed up after 20 minutes of waiting (I am really not kidding people, I timed it just to see how long it would actually take), she gives us our checks. I can't understand why it took her THAT long to even show up to begin with when it was DEAD! We were her ONLY table. Needless to say, she didn't get a very good tip from either of us. Sad to say, I would have given this a 4 or maybe a 5 star rating, but our waitress needs to be fired. The food was very good though, and if you get a hankering for wings, this is the place to go.
2	I've heard good things about BWW, but was unimpressed. The wings platter we ordered allows you to choose 5 flavors. Out of everything the best was probably the original salted one, the other flavors were disappointing. The wings were huge and I liked that there was alot of meat on them, but would not return for food.It is unlikely that I will return, unless it's to watch a game (there were plenty of TVs).Tip: DO NOT GET THE NY STYLE CHEESECAKE.
4	I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings (BWW). I believe there are two locations in the Charlotte area this one which is in the University area and the other one is located off of Sardis Rd close to Matthews.I perfer the University area one compare to the other one. Even though this one draws in the college crowd. I love their chicken wings, my favorite flavors are asian zing and mango habnero. I usually also get an order of their popcorn shrimp with the asian zing sauce. The rest of their menu is like many typical sports bar restaurant. Their drink menu is just okay. If you go on Tuesdays I think its .45 cent wings.But only go here if you're looking to eat wings and watch sports!
3	Let me just say: this 3 star rating is relative to other BW3s. I find Buffalo Wild Wings to be a fantastic chain and always enjoy the huge variety of sauces they offer (not to mention that the Blazin' sauce is actually hot enough to register for this spicy food junkie). If you like chicken in wing, boneless wing or sandwich form they have you covered. You should also probably try the cheese wedges...and the chocolate cake.That being addressed, this particular BW3s has its ups and downs. I have eaten there on a few occasions. On one visit my dinner companion asked for his wings to be double coated (once in sauce and once in one of their dry seasonings) and they failed to complete the second step. I'd love to tell you whether they still charged him for 2 flavors but he refused to let me near enough the bill to check. We made the mistake of returning on NFL opening night this week and had some trouble getting seated due to confusion caused by a large greek recruiting event and a poker tournament that were being held but after 15 or so minutes we were allowed to sit at the empty table in question.The food is of comparable quality to most Buffalo Wild Wings and the servers are hit or miss, but I feel like that is to be expected since they are so close to the college (Yeah, that's right, I said it. Coed employees aren't always stellar.) Don't expect the world, but if you want a solid wings and beer experience you are not gonna be disappointed.
3	The staff were really friendly and good about topping off my drink. Not too packed for a Saturday night and the layout was one of the better ones I have been in. Very clean too.Other than that, just your standard Buffalo Wild Wings.
3	Pretty high up in the ratings on the corporate chicken wing ladder.  The service was actually very good, although there were only about 4-5 tables full in this cavernous place. The wings were good, I guess it is just their standard method, but a couple small plates wouldn't hurt to eat over.  Price can get a little high when you are basically just ordering appetizers.
4	Well went here for the UFC  fight and they were at seating capacity. Basically we could stand at the entrance and watch the fight and order drinks. The cool thing was they had great drink prices and the server always came around to check
4	BWW is always on my consideration list when I am craving wings.  I think it's their sauces and menu offerings that keep me coming back.  This location is near my office so I've been here a couple times to grab lunch.  The weird thing about this location is... it's location.  You can see it from WT Harris... but parking and getting in is a little bit of a chore.  The parking lot is situated in a lower area behind the main shopping complex or you can also park on the top level of a mini parking deck nearby.  Either way, you end up walking to the front door which is located awkwardly .Once you are in, no problem... they have lunch specials and their servers have been decent during the day.  Haven't gone here at night or the weekends when it seems like they have problems based on the other reviews.
4	Went here again because I had a gift certificate. Had the asian wings and honey bbq, it was a whole lot better this time. If your up to it they have trivia on mondays I will be there and I'm reining champion.
4	Best place to watch the game with out a lot of random shit going on behind you... Get a cold tall boy and sit back and enjoy wings pretty good to...
1	I wanted to give BWW the benefit of possibly having a better experience on my second visit there . On this Monday night visit I was with a friend. The host seated us on the patio and informed us our server would be with us shortly and she would come back and bring me some flatware. 'Note the restaurant was not busy..' Needless to say after waiting more than 15 minutes my friend called BWW from the patio informing them that we had not been served. Beverly was very apologetic and stated someone would be right out. Well after an additional 10 mins. wait we decided to leave. As we entered the restaurant There were servers standing and sitting around. I was astonished and for what good-if any it did i shared my frustration with Beverly. She stated that those seated servers were not ours. Didn't matter. What happened to teamwork?  Needless to say I will not return to this BWW...440 E. McCullough Dr. Suite 230 Charlotte, NC
3	I'm usually a fan of BWW... but this location is super busy, which usually is a good problem to have, but the service tends to suffer.Still trying to figure out the whole parking situation at this shopping center, but between the vexing parking lot and the mediocre service, I'm going to have to downgrade my review to 3 stars.Yes the Thai Curry sauce is good, but is it worth the hassle of the parking lot or an unexpected LONG dinner due to waiter backups and crowds?... probably not.  I'll still keep this location on my "go to" wing place lists for the University Area... but I will be on the search for a hole in the wall gem that would quickly replace it on the list.
4	Great customer service!
4	Buffalo Wild Wings, BWW, B-Dubs, B-Wings, etc, is the epitome of decent sports bars in the area. It's great to have one around the corner, as well as one in the uptown area. If there is any major game, fight, or race on, this is the place to watch it.The business more than adequately combines attributes of beer, food, and of course, TV's. There is a wide-range selection of beer, and a full bar. The menu is comprised of finger food to wings, to burgers, to tasty salads. The TV's are everywhere and most are between 40"-80".What's good here- Start with a cold beer. They have specials EVERY day of the week, usually draft specials. The buffalo chips are always a good choice as an appetizer. The wings are very good (if not one of my favorites around the area). The burgers CAN BE very good, depending on how you order them. Medium-well is a little too "well" for my taste. The TV's here populate almost ever square inch of wall space. With satellite, they USUALLY have every aired program (game, fight, race, etc.), for that timeframe, shown on AT LEAST one TV. Generally with fights, management will determine is there will be a significant "turn-out" to purchase the fight. Plan your excursions accordingly!I've been out to a number of locations and have generally enjoyed them all. Although a location in Deleware ranks top, the university area restaurant in Charlotte is a very close second. Even though it is a small layout and fills up quick, the general atmosphere and service, once seated, make up for a wait. Service is "as expected", i.e. usually modestly paced for a larger crowd.
5	I come here all the time B-Dubs has the best wings. I get the Hot BBQ or Nuclear and a basket of chips with chipotle BBQ on it. The beer specials are always a plus!It's one of the best spots to go and watch a game at. A numerous amount of tvs displaying everything from golf football and basketball to UFC fights even wrestling at times. So a huge variety. I love the spot it's not just a "restaurant" it's really a hang out spot
1	I was told to leave because I was too tall. The managers Ralph and John told me that I had to leave the bar area because I was too tall and was blocking the view of the television for some other patrons during a UFC fight. I'm 6'5", There are 19 other TV's showing the same thing when the fight is on, but me standing at the bar waiting for the bartender to serve me my beer is wrong. The manager told me to get "My Big Cracker Ass" out of the bar area before he kicked me out which he eventually did. The manager's name is John Dixon and the other manger would not give me his name but I overheard his first name is Ralph. Worst experience ever. I used to go to BW3 quite often. Never again, apparently white people are not welcome.
1	we came here after having a really great experience at another wing place and hoping to be able to compare/contrast... and the clear winner is NOT bw3.first, we waited close to 15 minutes for someone to even approach the table to get drink orders. we selected our wings and the veggie boat but we weren't informed that veggies come with the wings, so we had a ton of veggies... and not enough ranch for 3 orders of wings and 2 loads of veggies. we could have asked for more if the waitress ever came back. we sat there for another 10-15 after finishing eating waiting for our server to return. when she did, she then had to go back to get the check. another 10 minutes. after giving her the credit card she just didn't return to the table. we eventually hunted her down and she said "oh, i thought you left" even though she still had our card and we never signed the check. not a single apology from her.seriously, the worst service i have ever had.oh, and the "hot bbq sauce" is barely zingy (expecting a mouth of fire since there are only a few ranked hotter than that). it's more like tabasco + mild bbq sauce.epic fail. will not return.
2	You first walk in and it covers the "chain" BWW atmosphere... TV's and Wings! Now you meet the hostess (nice, but could have used a more sincere greetings - the place was empty on a Saturday Night 8-9pm). She shows up to our table and then becomes this espionage spy who is over looking her shoulder while trying to explain to us a "anonymous survey" which can turn into $3 off our total for the night (it covered all the usual waitor/waitress formality). Once we laughed that off we were then greeted by our waitress Jasmin whom took our drinks. The tables were disgustingly sticky, good thing we had Baby Wipes (perk of rolling with a baby)...Now the menu - You come here for the wings which ranges from mild to HOT! and my wife is all about the mild and i'm in the middle ranges... So we went with Mild/Teriyaki/Medium... Only to return the Teriyaki. IT WAS HORRIBLE!!! Its like they just open up a bottle of really bad Teriyaki sauce and daused the wings in them... NO BUENO! Got our waitress to return the Teriyaki wings and brought out Honey BBQ... Which was a MAJOR improvement over the Teriyaki.We go through our meal enjoying some NBA playoff action (again, it was empty??? NASCAR All-Star Race, NBA Playoff, and MLB action...) and paid off our total while we discreatly gave our "anonymous survey" back filled with all the truth!Run of the mill Wing shack here... Will be going back for a UFC fight and see if they can mustard up a decent gathering...
5	My wife and I came here for a snack on Friday night. We both had mild wings. Mine were great, but hers were way too spicy for her.; Her mistake was she said nothing but ate the wings anyway. Our server, Ebony, was really good and attentive. She brought the issue to the managers attention, who followed-up immediately. As my wife didn't want anymore wings the manager (Lauren is her name) had a to go order prepared for my wife and expressed her sincere apologies. I maintain that a good place shows its worth when things go bad This alone sets this place above many others I've been to. After reading the reviews, I found none of them to be the case tonight.
3	Bdubs is an ok spot. Wings are great except on Tuesday. They are just ok. I think they use cheaper wings or something. This seem to be a pretty good franchise. Servers are always friendly. Food comes out quick. I come here often have not had a bad experience yet.
1	Worst place ever! I ordered Togo food and they literally threw all my food in the bag! The sauce went everywhere! And when I got home I had to re heat everything because it was all cold! Including the fries! The wings and fries taste like it was made two days ago! Horrible
4	I've honestly had nothing but good experiences here, so was rather surprised to see how low the reviews were. The food is decent, and the beer is cold and cheap. They have awesome mixed drinks to choose from and they are very reasonably priced. $5 bloody mary? I have had excellent service every time and I enjoy the loud atmosphere during crowded sports events.  It's a BWW; a chain restaurant. Don't expect fine dining, but it's not bad either. They offer great wing specials. I am a huge fan of the boneless parmesan garlic or hot. The cheese bacon fries are my favorite appetizers. They sprinkle them with salt and vinegar seasoning. I like dipping mine in ranch! The service is hit or miss at this location.
1	I never write reviews but this one IS THE WORST BWW we have ever been too!!! The service is AWFUL!!! No respect, no professionalism what's so ever! The waitress OMG that waitress we had was so damn rude!!! We spoke with the manager Chris who was nice and asked us to give them another chance and also provided us with the DM phone number (Bob).  Well we decided to give them another chance (bad decision on our part) and what do you know the moment we sat down the waiter didn't even come greet us  so about 15 min later this other waitress took our table because he never came and went off on her right in front of us because he said he had enough tables and he WAS NOT going to help us!!!! To make matters worse we called the district manager left message and he never returned our call...explains the staff they hire if that's the type of upper management Buffalo Wild Wings hires!!! Never Again!!!
5	Great burger for lunch today. Also sub'd a side salad for the fries, cutting the carbs! Sat in the bar area, pretty busy for a Thursday lunch and service (Dayton) was top notch! Great lunch visit today, will return!
4	I always admire the wings here at Buffalo Wings. It doesn't matter if its traditional wings or crispy friend wings, the taste would be excellent.They have this fantastic sauce that would make you feel good every bite.This place is my first choice when it comes to wings.Glad to know that they have branch here at Charlotte.
