3	Several months ago my local Safeway gave away black recycling bags with goodies as a TV promo.  I tossed the junk food & coupons but kept the bag in my car.  I use it at TJ's & Sprouts to save plastic and paper bags.  I would like to see one or more of the grocery chains repeat the give-away with no commercial logos except for the recycling emblem on Earth Day April 22.  As far as my local Safeway goes I am there at the crack of dawn most mornings for my tall drip at the inside Starbucks.  This Safeway is relatively small but fits my day to day "emergency" needs.  For my "special" needs TJ's and Sprouts  receive more than half of my grocery budget...
2	Hate is such a strong word.. I try not to use when I its not really called for. When I set out to Yelp the Safeway across the street from me and the Mr.'s place I thought of using that word to describe how much I don't like this Safeway.  Of course it's warranted, they pissed me off!Okay you know how they always do BOGOF on milk.. well me and the Mr don't drink that much milk so the cashier usually just gives me half off the 1 gallon. Well this time she forgot to and I didn't notice until I got home.. so seeing that I used to shop here once a week I figured Id just bring my receipt back the following week. Well the following week I went in and showed the receipt and the dumb bitch behind the counter was like, 'what am I supposed to do about it?'.. I explained to her what usually happens as the cashier gives it to me for half off.. she then proceeded to ask me which cashier was doing that, 'it's not our policy.'After going back and forth for a few minutes I finally just told her to give me my 2 bucks.. she told me if I would have brought them the receipt back the same day they would have done something about it. Are you f-ing kidding me? Whats the difference besides my being inconvenienced having to drive back there. So I finally asked her if she was willing to lose a potential lifetime customer over 2 bucks? She responded, 'there's nothing I can do for you.' I then told her that her customer service skills suck and that I will NEVER return to the store. I guess never say never since I went into my very much disliked Safeway the other day. Believe it or not they make a pretty damn good sandwich and I despise Subway. So the 2 stars are for the yummy sandwich and the super cute guy who made it! So much for my convictions?!
4	One of my usual shopping places. I prefer Trader Joe's or AJ's, but I do like this particular Safeway location. It has better decor than most I have seen. They also have a great selection of wine, and other spirits. Plus, the Safeway deli sandwiches and ready to eat meals/soups are fantastic.Try their selection of pre-breaded ready-to-cook fish fillets too - Yum!Their recycling bags are nice and only $1 each.
3	i like the dirtiness and "different" staff (not to mention the proximity) of the fry's near me, but if i need something coming back from the dog park, i'll stop here. it's much cleaner and nicer than the fry's but this place always makes me feel inferior...maybe it's the hummers and beemers in the parking lot, maybe it's the over cologned/perfumed scottsdale type shopping in their designer workout clothing....maybe i just like going to a scottsdale store in the my pickup wearing the junkiest clothes i have, that stink, and are stained with paint and caulk....they do have an awesome flower section though, so when i need to sweet talk my lady, i always get my flowers from here....
4	It's a grocery store, so you already know what to expect.My review is for the florist. I walked in to buy some flowers, no clue what I wanted. The nice woman approached me, shared their flower selections, asked some good qualifying questions. And when i decided to get two sets of flowers, she made a nice bouquet out of them, some ribbon. I was quite satisfied, great customer service.
5	Living in the neighborhood this is a great place for meats, never had a bad experience the staff is always friendly and ready to help.
4	I come here for cheap liquor when i wanna feel like a hobo. lines are really long and i think the cashiers and baggers suffer from down syndrome but store is clean and wide selction of items.
4	As far as the layout of the store, this is a very nice upscale Safeway with a Starbucks inside. The store is clean and smells nice when you walk in. However, I do not do much shopping here because I think Safeway is overpriced and they sell a lot of the same items that Fry's has at a higher price.
1	I like the layout of the store but the prices are what is ridiculous for me anyways . In my opinion you would be far better off goin to Fresh and Easy or Sunflower Market which is down the street for produce if you want quality cheaper food with the knowledge of  knowing that it is fresh. Much of what you buy at safeway is strictly on supply and demand basis and  even know it says ORGANIC doesn't  mean it is certified unless it has the name Kosher or Certified Organic by the FDA label on the back of the product  . So this marketing tactic couldn't be further from the truth. The high prices are however another outrageous factor . They mark down the prices to give the illusion that customer is saving money by means of a club card ,  but the reality of the situation couldn't be further from the truth . You could go to any competitiors and realize they charge and over amout just for basic products . Other stores  don't charge the ridiculous prices that this safeway and similar safeway stores charge . The fact is that they are coporation they have to come up with creative minipulative ideas to "Get Over" on the customer . Save yourself the shock and deception and go SunFlower Market and Fresh and Easy .
3	I don't usually shop at this Safeway, but if my husband and I want to picnic in Chaparral park we'll stop here and pick up something to-go. They have great single serving desserts, pre-made salads, sandwiches or sushi. The store is neat and clean and if you're looking for wines, they even have their own sommelier! Their produce is beautiful, but it's still more expensive to buy it here vs. Sunflower Market. Their staff seem friendly when you need help finding something.
5	i will be there in the morning
1	I really enjoyed shopping here until yesterday.  Everyone is always helpful all over the store and even at check out when they thank you by name.I was picking up some Ranger IPA on my way home and Serena was at the check out counter.  She was a bitch.I'd rather go to Fry's on Indian School or drive further to Whole Foods for specialty items.  I'm not going to this Safeway again.
4	I like this store.  The private label brands are great.  Their bakery is second to none.  Everyone is courteous there.  Their prices are a little higher than normal. I don't care because their products are good here and that's value for me.  You have a fan.  Great store.
4	I live closer to the Basha's and Fry's in the same area, but always go to the location for groceries since they have an in-house Wells Fargo and I can kill two birds with one stone when I need some groceries. They have a great selection of everything you need, with great prices. Their liquor and deli sections are probably the best out of the supermarkets in the area as well. The only thing I wish I could find was large bags of frozen chicken breasts. For some reason, either they don't carry it or I can't find it. Oh, well...
1	I just had one of the worst grocery shopping experiences of my life here. I've shopped here 1-3 times a week for the past 8 years & I'm not going back if I can avoid it. This is the closest & most convenient grocery store to my house. I went here the most in the past because of convenience, but never because they had the best selection.I was grabbing some quick dinner items on my way home & at checkout I was embarrassed that I forgot my wallet. Nobody was in line behind me, so I asked if I could I run out to my car to grab it. I didn't have my wallet, but luckily had my checkbook. My bill was only $44. I wrote a check, but she wouldn't let me use my check without ID. I've literally checked out with this same woman at least 50 times & she makes a comment on my last name every time as "Doolittle" isn't very common. I asked for a manager "override" & the manager (Dan N.) came over and said no. Ok, so a place I've been a regular at for 8 years won't let me use a check for a $44 bill. I took a breath because I was pretty embarrassed at this point, and asked her if there was anything else we could do.She told me would put my groceries to the side while I ran home to grab my ID. So, reluctantly I did exactly that. I live 5 minutes away so I was back within 15 min. I came back with my wallet (ID, cash & cards), and asked them what they wanted me to do...pay up front or at same register. They all looked dumb founded because my groceries were gone. They started pointing fingers about somebody putting them away. I had to laugh at this point, but I started walking out. I was not treated as a loyal customer, the manager did not make an effort to help, and there was no apology at the end. As I was walking out I saw the same manager (Dan N.) and let him know my groceries weren't up there, I shop there multiple times a week, but I'm never going back again. He had not reaction, no apology, and did not try to do anything. It was like he was half asleep and had no reaction at all.I drove up the street to Albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries. With all the big data grocery stores have on us I wonder what it takes to acquire another frequent & loyal customer like myself. Additionally, they use all this personal shopping data they collect on us to market, but they don't treat a loyal customer with any kind of special service or consideration? Very disappointing experience.
3	My friend and I had a hankering for some alcoholic beverages...you know that feeling. you know.Anywho, we head over to the newly renovated Safeway and I tell her that there is a bar somewhere, although I apparently keep missing it.Must be some CS Lewis passage you got to walk thru to find it.Maybe it was desire for vodka that allowed us to discover the liquor section.But we found the drink we wanted and lo and behold, there was bar.I believe we were verbally assaulted by the bartender, awesome.Seriously, awesome...Next on the to do list...start a party at Safeway bar which should turn into a conga line thru the store.
5	Went here on my break between my classes for school. Super super nice! Love Safeway better than Fry's anyways. The store is huuuge and the Starbucks and Wells Fargo in it is even nice too! The parking lot can get crowded but there is a ton of parking spaces to choose from whenever it is! The selections they have for everything is very extensive and you just want to look at everything because it all looks so good! Love how they have a self check out here too! That definitely will come in handy whenever the other lines are long! The line went short for me when I was waiting in line so that's always a plus! The employees are super nice too! Definitely will be coming back here a ton since SCC is 5 minutes away!
5	As far as grocery stores goes, this Safeway is a great one stop shop.  Can get everything I need including starbucks.  Conveniently located on Chaparral near Old Town.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  Parking lot is a little crazy though!
4	Amazing to see a wine bar and local brew pub at a Safeway, with a couple of flat screens tuned to football.  Why didn't I think of that years ago?  I'd be rich now.  Only complaint is that the deli and bar are at opposite sides of the store.  An idea whose time has come.
4	Nice, clean, large grocery store with great variety, good sale prices, lots of registers (regular and self-checkout) and a nice layout.  All in all, an excellent local grocery store - perfect for weekly shopping, quick stop-ins and weird recipe ingredients.They have really great service - the manager cracked jokes as he helped me find what I was looking for, the deli counter guy was super helpful when I was deciding between varieties of Swiss cheese, and the checkout people are efficient (and they don't have that wish-I-were-anywhere-else look, either - they're nice).  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that there are some suuper fancy, newly remodeled stores that are just a tiny bit nicer.  I'm so glad we live near such a great store!
4	By far the best Safeway I have been to!  For a Canadian, the Scottsdale store knocks our local stores out of the park.  This location has been recently renovated and expanded.  It now has a large liquor section, complete with just about anything you could imagine and yes, even a tasting bar!  They have a large produce section, with plently of organic choices.  As part of the renovation, they also relocated Starbucks and expanded their seating area.  Grab a coffee and the paper, and relax in their lounge, watching TV or sitting in front of the fire.Overall this store is not overly hectic or crowded, and they have very friendly staff.  It's my go-to grocery store when I'm in Scottsdale.
4	This Safeway has a good sandwich and hot deli as well and tasty bakery.If you frequent Safeway, the app with coupons you can load are a must. Great deals and you can often get things up to $2 off.This location is always clean, the staff is friendly and the produce section is usually good. Sometimes the bread and salad selection badly needs to be restocked.
3	Pretty well kept for an older store.  Use the self checkout for a speedy in and out.
4	There is a bar!!! The nicest bar tenders are there. You can sample new beers and wines or order full glasses. They even have a happy hour.
5	Wow this is the nicest Safeway I've been in, in a long time. Starbucks, a nice deli to eat, they revamped the entire store inside and out. They added a bar in the Liquor section where you can wine taste or order a beer and watch some flat screens while the wife is shopping! Top notch selections too.
5	This Safeway is amazing they have a bar in it Danny is the bartender and he is great what more could you ask for then a beer while your shopping this is definitely a destination location for me
3	Pretty much judging grocery stores on their chicken lately. This one has a good price at $5.99 for whole chickens when they are on sale. They also have pulled chicken sometimes in the deli area, but each tin is packed differently and not all contain all breast meat, which is annoying to me. Safeway has never had great sandwich meat and they don't use Boars Head, but there is a dude making sushi in there and he usually also offers samples. The self checkout lanes are usually always clear and the staff is almost always helpful as well. Redbox machine is also available. The parking lot needs to have cameras and more security as I was involved in a recent incident where video would have made a difference.
5	Not only does this place have a bar in it - yes an actual bar, they were able to come through when the other Safeway bakery on Indian School dropped the ball.  It is my son's 3rd birthday and we ordered a Planes (the movie) cake 10 days ago. Indian School location called THIS AM to say that the cake was unavailable.  Unacceptable.  Luckily I drove to Chapparral to order at 10:30am.  By 2:30 (or earlier) the cake was ready for pick-up. I will be traveling to this Safeway far more in the future.  Thanks for the safe and the wonderful cake!!!
5	I really like this Safeway. It is in a beautiful location in Scottsdale. They have plenty of seating for both the deli and the Starbucks inside. They also have a Wells Fargo inside. They offer free wifi. I went grocery shopping and ended up having coffee and staying for a while. Lovely indoor and outdoor seating.
