3	When the folks are in town, I find myself in search of the best deal in town.  Prime rib was on the menu and Fremont Street was where we were at.Binion's was offering a $7.95 prime rib when you sign up for their casino card, so of course that's what we did.I must admit, for under eight bucks you get a pretty decent meal.  You get soup or salad to start, 10 oz. slice of prime rib, a baked potato, and string beans.  The prime rib was surprisingly tasty too, with a nice crust on the outside. Service was okay, it's a coffee shop after all and they are busy at night.  Beers were lukewarm instead of ice cold, which isn't so nice when you've been on a bus all day long.Overall, an eight dollar prime rib dinner can't be beat. You're not paying for gourmet here, just a chunky size piece of meat!  They also had a few other specials that had our heads turning - spaghetti and meatball special, etc.Their daily Blue Plate Specials go for $7.99 from 11 am to 10 pm and ranges from a Turkey Dinner on Sundays to a Fried Seafood Platter on Fridays and Corned Beef and Cabbage on Saturdays.Open 24 hours.
2	It really depends on who your server is and what time you go. This place can be a nightmare. Sometimes it can be fun and pleasant. My favorite time visiting was when I had just gotten to Vegas and was starving. I got breakfast for $1.99 and they didn't care if I brought in the beer I had bought at the liquor store a few minutes earlier. The service was quick because it was late, and the food tasted just fine. The last time I went it was our last meal in Vegas and we wanted a sit-down dinner, but nothing too fancy. We ordered a round of drinks. The beer came with no glass, and the cap still on. My wine came in a single-serve bottle and the glass the waitress eventually brought me was wet. Surely it wasn't wet from being washed because when I wiped off the water with my napkin a bunch of brown stuff came off on it. Disgusting. We walked out. I won't go back unless there are no other options. On Freemont St., having no other options is really unlikely.
4	If I can get downtown, I always eat here.My favorite is the prime rib, which comes with bread, baked potato, salad. You can get a couple of bucks off if you show them your Binion's player card (so be sure to get one before you go in).  The other player's special is the BBQ chicken/ribs, which is a very good deal -- I couldn't finish it.It's old style, it's kitsch, it's reasonably priced really good food.
4	How can you not love some chicken fried steak and prime rib for only round $10? And I aint' talkin bout no jank ass 6oz prime rib at some bourgie steakhouse for $40 - I'm talkin bout a big ol slab that takes two hands to handle the plate and takes a good empty stomach to take it all in :)Don't knock the Binions - they're even on TEEVEE!
1	Puke. Greasy, Box of fruit is a joke. Skip it and go to Magnolia's @ 4 Queens, if you are looking for good coffee shop-type food.
3	Not bad at all for a 24 hour diner.  It's pretty decent food and you can't beat the prices (gotta love Vegas!).  Great for breakfast food craving at 2am!
5	So very drunk after downing over a dozen whiskeys while playing blackjack for 5 hours. I had a twenty dollar comp that could only be used in the coffee shop, so it was French Toast, and Ceaser's Salad. Best Ceaser Salad I ever had in my life. So good it made me drop my silverware and knock over my drink.
