5	This was huge fun. If you are a car racing fan, or a car fan, you'll love it. It's inexpensive, for me it was $75. You can get introduced to the idea of drifting a car. I did it first with an instructor, just to see what the secrets were. Otherwise the UD review is a good intro.
5	great concept, great people, great fun.  worth the short trip from the strip!
5	I LOVE this place!! The crowd that attends is always a ton of fun and it is an inexpensive way to get you racing habit out. The clientele is fun to hang out with and seems to support one another with giving drifting hints. Totally would pay more for this!
5	Me and my husband loved this place! Chris is super nice guy.  I never experienced drifting, and he let me sit in passenger seat while he was drifting.That was exciting!!! My husband had $75 lessen about 30 mins and he was so excited! I bet he would go back there soon..if he can..You should go when you are in Las Vegas!!This place is much better than those big advertised expensive places in Las Vegas. I hope you visit this place and have fun!
5	Best money you can spend in Vegas, what a blast.
5	One of the funnest thing you can do in las Vegas. Next time were in Vegas I will do it again.
5	I had a great time drifting out at U-Drift. I went along with 4 friends and it was seriously the best fun I've had in awhile. I'm hooked!Chris was my instructor and he did a great job showing me the in's and outs of drifting. After showing me a bit he let me go drift around the barrels and let me tell you, that was a blast.I also did a ride along with Mark. Seriously consider doing the ride along, it's freakin fun! Whipping around the track drifting at high speeds is seriously the best rush haha.
5	How fun!! This was so worth the money. I'll be back for sure.  Chris (the owner) and Ben (his nephew) run the place with that 'above and beyond' service that I honestly did not expect going into this experience.  I loved it!  They have the patience of saints and excellent technical instruction.  If you're in Vegas, try it.
5	ANDYNEVSKYMost fun I've had in a car?  The instructors are very positive, know how to put you at your ease and get you further, quicker than you would normally.  This really made my trip.GPS had trouble finding address, got lost and almost gave up. The address below works better with google maps. 7065 Speedway Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89115ANDYNEVSKY
5	I had some vacation time after graduating, and found a groupon for this place so I thought Why not?First off my instructor was Chris and he did a great job teaching the basics as simple as possible. The newbie that went before me picked it up really fast (and he was probably in high school) so I thought to myself no problem. However, when I finally got behind the wheel I was like shit, it's harder than I thought.I'll admit that I drive like a bitch, and I was scared of turning into the trash bins and slamming on the gas. But that's basically what you have to do to start sliding. Chris, saw that I was having difficulty, and so he gave me some free time on the circle of cones and trash bins (after demonstrating the basics) rather than move me to their mini course and have me embarrass the hell out of myself.This experience is definitely worth the $75, and at the Groupon price it's a steal.Best part about this place is you don't need to make an appointment. Just show up ask for some lessons and hit the pavement. Maybe next time I'm down here, I might go for a ride-along as well as pay for another set of lessons as I think I could definitely use them.Awesome thing they got going down here.  Hope they can keep it alive.
5	Some of the nicest people ever, they are very willing to work with you on to learn the art of drifting and make it enjoyable. Their service and kindness is also amazing, as many places in vegas are not so nice. They drift at night, but are willing to set up sessions with you any time, any day. Most of all, it was ALOT of fun.
4	I found this place on groupon so I decided it would be something fun and a little different for the bfs bday. When we showed up to the address listed on the groupon the door was locked ... because they were all out at the track duh! a sign or a note on the door wouldn't hurt ... jus sayin. anyhoo when we showed up there were only a few people there and we had to wait for about 45 min before bf could take his turn. I thought it seemed a lil janky and the guy that acted like the head honcho was a lil cocky but hey whatever I got a steal with my groupon right. So finally its bfs turn and this guy walks up and takes bf to the car he will be learning to drift in, they even let him wear his own helmet which I thought was nice (they had several in diff sizes for loaners). The guy takes him out and shows him what to do and they leave the "ring" to switch spots and let someone else out for a few laps. Long story short bf was out there doin his thing for like an hour and got out of the car with a huge grin on his face! Said he LOVED it ... so the moral of the story is a lil boring for spectators but apparently a blast for participants. when we left there were like 15 - 20 people there ... did I mention it was a sunday night.. We'll be back I'm sure :)
5	I found out about U-Drift through Groupon. It was a last minute deal. I bought it as something special for my teenager. Their service was excellent and super friendly. They even offer driving lessons for those individuals that don't know how to drive stick shift (for an additional $30.00). My 16 year old kid came out loving his driving experience. I would recommend it to anyone wishing to get an adrenaline rush.The environment is safe and controlled. During the innitial stages, the instructor will teach and show you how the drifting is done, when to apply the E brake, turn, etc. Then, you will take over and do it while the instructor is your copilot. I think I got more than I paid for. The business if family owned and they are super nice and friendly. They take credit cards on the spot too. Don't be intimidated by the more experienced people there. Just go to have fun.
5	AWESOME! I went on a Sunday night and I had a blast! They wet down the track and let you drift around a set of barrels. They have a selection of 240sx's, some better than others. My instructor was really helpful and had me drifting perfect circles in no time! I will definitely be back!
5	Chris is the BEST INSTRUCTOR there is when it comes to drifting. I came here for my bachelor party among other things. Since i was here in Vegas for my bachelor, Chris decided that I was to drive the turbo charged Nissan 240 version. OMG that car was GREAT!!! To top it all off, Chris took me on a hot lap around the special track they set up. All of my boyz (10 of them) saw how Chris drove and was so envious to get a ride with him. Chris gave me so much detailed instruction to make donuts, and drifting I got it within 2 tries. He really made my first time drifting the BEST!!! I definitely recommend this to anyone that wants to drive and learn a new street driving skill....
5	We went through the D.I.E. (Drift Immersion Experience) for a bachelor party last week. Ever since, anytime we're in the car together we still have flashbacks to that experience and have to hold back the urge to drift on the street. It was an amazing experience and everyone at u-drift did everything to make sure it was so.Chris was incredibly helpful, taking care of our transportation before and after, making sure everyone was having a good time (even making sure the cameraman got a chance at a ride-along experience at $20).The experience was perfectly paced and we never felt rushed or that we were waiting, with proper breaks in-between sessions. I would say that even though the DIE package is 2 hours in a car, if you go with friends plan to spend at least 3 hours at the venue and to be pulling yourselves away with the greatest difficulty at the end of it.
3	***I WISH I COULD HAVE GIVEN THIS PLACE 5 STARS!!!My husband and I were celebrating our 1 year anniversary in Vegas and I thought I would surprise him with drifting lessons and a trip to the gun range. I had Terry as my instructor. And I LOVED him! If he instructed my husband and myself, I would've given a 5 star review. He stayed in the car with me the entire time. Told me when I needed more throttle, if I was turning too hard, if I let go of the throttle too quickly, or if I was doing a great job! He did a good job trying to explain the physics behind it all and made it interesting. He was informative and extremely friendly. TERRY YOU'RE AWESOME!However...My husband had Ben as his instructor. Let's just say he didn't make this the best experience. After being in the car with him for about 5 min...Ben gets out  tells him to do it on his own! He kept spinning out, so he waved him over a few times, but didn't give him any good suggestions on what he should do nor told him what he was doing wrong. Maybe he should've stayed in the car? Also, while I was doing my run, my husband overheard Ben saying that he was a horrible drifter!! WTF?! He just crapped on my anniversary gift!! :(Anyway...if Ben is your instructor, ask for someone else...if you get Terry as your instructor, he's a keeper!
5	I was really fun, the owner took me aout for lessons, he was really friendly and helpful. I plan on returning!
5	Could not have been a better night!! You will be drifting in no time.I bought the instructor session. They go with you in a car, show you how it's done, then let you do the rest!!  You're on a track just outside Vegas, so you feel like the only car driving out there. It's amazing. ALL the people there are ridiculously nice and helpful, and make it an even better experience. I tried to learn stick shift the week before coming to Vegas just for this, so I barely had a feel for it. That made me a little nervous, until I put it in gear and got it drifting almost immediately!!  I don't think I can really say enough about this place, except that I will definitely be going back every time I'm in Vegaaas now!
5	I think I lost my voice. That is how much fun I had. $75 bucks - gets you: a car, a helmet, an instructor, & track time. Factor in the instructor telling you its ok to "abuse a car" is priceless... Word of advice : Please learn to drive stick a little bit before. It's hard enough  to learn to drive manual and be bombarded with more instruction on how-to-drift in one session-- You will be overloaded with info.  The environment is very controlled and spaced out- leaving a moderate margin for error.  My instructor, Chris was very encouraging and full of positive energy. I felt like going for a round of beers afterwards. Looking for THE adrenaline rush, this is it , baby !
5	By far and away one of the coolest thing I have done in awhile. No seriously, think about it, for a very reasonable price, (even more reasonable if you have a Groupon like I did), you get to learn to drift in someone elses car. It's kind of like having that buddy in high school who lets you take there truck out to learn to drive stick. He knows your going to trash his clutch but he is cool with it. Here at U-Drift, as the people before have stated, you get a car, helmet, instructor and time on their track. It's not as easy at the instructors make it out to but you will get the hang out it. When your done, I can guarantee you there will be a huge smile on your face and you will want to drift whatever car you came there in on your way out. I highly recommend this for anyone both visiting Las Vegas or locals alike. And yes... if it's been awhile since you last drove stick, they will teach that to you for $30 additional.
5	I got a Groupon for U-Drift as a Christmas gift for my 17 year old son and of course got one for myself!!  It was so much fun.  My son had a blast and so did I.  For $30 he got a lesson on how to drive a stick.  The instructor was great, think his name was Chris.  The only thing he wanted us to do was have a good time and we did.  The best part was not worrying about messing up your own vehicle to have a little fun.  No worries about tires, the clutch just have fun!!!!  It has been over 10 years since I drove stick and I had no problem.  This is a small operation and they do no take reservations so get there early.  We sat there for 2 hours waiting for our turn.  It was well worth it but just make sure you have lots of time to kill ;0) I am a native Las Vegan and didn't even know this place existed until I saw that Groupon!!  Great for locals and visitors alike.  It was a little hard to find.  I stopped at the building that said U-Drift first and if there was a sign on the door I would have found them easier.  When I found the door locked we just drove around until we found a U-Drift sign.
5	Chris was a great instructor. Wet track makes it really easy to learn. Chris is really thorough and explains things in a really easy way to understand for someone who doesn't know anything about driving on a track.They have another track that is also great for those who already know what they're doing.Thanks U-Drift!!
1	I had a groupon and went out there on 12/28 around 5 pm.  There were people sitting around.  I got it for my daughter as a Christmas present.  When we arrived there were several people sitting around a table and a couple of guys working on a car and someone out driving.  We waited for about 15 minutes and when no one greated us or told us anything,  my daughter asked if anyone was working there.  We got no response.  We waited another 15 minutes and then decided to leave.It is too bad as the other reviews seemed to have a good time.  It is a hard place to find in the almost dark and the phone is only a recording so no answers there.  I am asking Groupon for my money back!
5	I have driven the petty experience 80 laps and this was dam near as good. Very professional and just a blast
5	I've heard of this place before coming out to Vegas on vacation.  I insisted we at least check it out.  Headed over there Friday early afternoon.  Everyone there had a great attitude and was very helpful.It took a bit for my turn to come up, but it was worth the wait!  My instructor, Ben was awesome behind the wheel.  Me and a friend even got to experience a tandem drift first-hand!  After showing off for a bit, Ben got into instructor mode, and showed me the basics of drifting.  After a few how-to laps, I got behind the wheel.  Using what was shown to me, I was able to get sideways fairly quick with only a few spins.Afterwards my whole group had giant smiles on their faces!  We ended coming back out on Saturday to have another go at it!If you're into cars or racing, this is a MUST DO when coming to Las Vegas.  Considering how expensive everything is to do there, this place is a steal and worth every penny!
5	We've been here a couple of times already and we really love U-Drift. I've always had Chris as an instructor and he is always encouraging and gives you pointers with each run so can make adjustments to get better at each pass.We will definitely be back. I'm looking forward to making this a new mainstay hobby!
5	I was going to go when I got Vegas and then it came up on Groupon, DONE , I brought my friend along who paid full price, and he thanked me afterwards for introducing him to this awesome sport . I have done a lot of things from aerobatic flying to extreme thrill rides and can honestly say this was the funnest of them all . I can not wait to bring more friends out to Vegas and do it again , last time I got to stay longer on track till I mastered the emergency brake drift and hope I will be able to remember all that I learned . YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!!!!!
5	Best fun you can have in Vegas and tell about it. ben a very good teacher.
5	I had a hard time finding the place, so here's a few tips.  First of all, if you look on their website you will see a giant map featuring their strip location.  Below that is a small map with their LV Speedway location.  I don't think the strip location even exists, so don't accidentally go there like I did.  The LV Speedway location address is given as 7000 Las Vegas Blvd., but this is the address of the Speedway, which is NOT where U-Drift takes place.  To get there coming from the Strip, take the 15 and get off at the Speedway Blvd exit.  Turn right toward the speedway.  Go past the Petro station on your right, past the Speedway Commerce Center and white warehouse buildings.  You will cross Checkered Flag Lane, where you normally turn right for the Speedway, but instead continue straight on Speedway Blvd and take your first left after Checkered Flag Lane. Go about 1/2 a mile, all the way down until you get to U-Drift on your right.Came here on a groupon which was $59 for a weekend session (normally $125).  It was a blast.  I was there alone, but all of the staff there was really friendly and enthusiastic, so it felt like a lot of fun.  The cars are in fairly bad cosmetic shape, but this doesn't matter when all you need to do is get the car sideways.  Drew was my instructor and he was fantastic.  He demo'd several ways to get the car drifting and  took me for a couple laps around the course at high speed for a bit of a thrill.  He explained things very patiently, then let me take the wheel.  Throughout the whole time he was very encouraging and helped me get closer and closer to drifting. Even though I was a novice, and I kept repeating the same mistakes, he never made me feel bad about it. There are so many things to keep in mind when you're trying to drift, the approach speed, the amount you turn the wheel to initiate, the amount you accelerate to start the drift, the amount of time you let the rear slide out before you catch the steering wheel, the amount and method of adding throttle to keep it drifting.  It's clear that you simply have to get a feel for how the car reacts, which only comes from doing it over and over again.  The first session was a great introduction and made me wish I could do another session to keep improving.  I would recommend this to anybody who thinks they might enjoy it, it was a blast.Edit: Thanks Felicia.  There are 2 locations, just make sure you go the right one.
1	Terrible operation, incorrect hours of operation on their website.  Only two instructors present on-site even though we told them in advance that we have 10 people in our group.  Despite attempts to talk to them for a month in advance and also communicating through e-mails, this company is very unprofessional and disorderly.  We were told that we may not be able to complete our drifting sessions even though this was already paid for.  One instructor even further suggested that the people who can't drive stick shift (3) can just ride along, since they won't be able to do the manual-shift lessons on top of the drifting lessons due to being short-handed.The vehicles (only 2) looked beat up and old.  Basically two Nissan 240sx's that had seen better days.  Will never do business with these unprofessional people again! And they didn't even update the change of location on their website (moved from LV speedway to a parking lot off the strip).  Totally disappointing and a waste of our time.********************************In response to the owner's comments (please see below) I have additional things to add.  While the analogy of "not being able to get into the club thus sour grapes feeling" may seem appropriate, this is, however, not true. If a nice club doesn't let me in, I'll be fine with it because I know that most likely, the wait is impossible prior to even showing up.  But if that's the case, why not tell us that we may not be all accommodated so we can plan accordingly?  I mean, if you are going to over-sell and under-deliver, then at least let us know that you have oversold so we know to not expect to be able to drift.  Don't tell us that we should be able to get our turn when in fact, we waited hours to be called back and we had to call to find out, hours later, that we may get in but need to rush in and out of the entire experience.So yeah, drifting is probably very exciting and I am sure I would've had a great time and not worry about the annoyances once I start drifting.  But I didn't even get to do it. Basically we were only asking for clear communication. If we had been told that we couldn't be accommodated since the very beginning, maybe we would've split up into smaller groups and gone in at separate times to ensure we get to drift.  Or other options.  Anyway, I would say that although you may sell a fine product, I as a consumer will choose to not go through all that hassle and unprofessional behavior on the company's end.  Sour grapes? I think not!
2	My buddy and I purchased 'learn to drift' package on a daily deal site.  We were very much looking forward to the experience.  I had called the company multiple times to check as to availability, as they don't routinely update their website calendar.  Today is June 7, and they still only show a tentative May schedule.  The main phone number is the owner's cell phone.  I was told we didn't need to make a reservation....just stop by between 5:30 and 9:30 pm on any given day.  We showed up at their new location near the strip just before 9:00 pm.  Initially we were told there were too many people ahead of us and that we should return on another day (despite a $15 cab ride).  Ultimately they agreed to allow us to wait and go that night.  While the potential was there for a worthwhile experience, in the end this was a waste of time.  Of the 5 cars they had, 2 broke down WHILE WE WERE THERE.  Because of the limited space available in the new location (the track is a small portion of an industrial building's parking lot), only one car could go at a time.  While the package was supposed to include a teaching and driving component, due to the limited time available, the pressure of additional people waiting to utilize the 'track', and the difficulty in communicating drifting concepts in a car without a muffler, I felt it would be unsafe for me to attempt these maneuvers so the package turned into a professional drifting our car about 8 times around in a relatively small circle.  In all it was about 10-15 minutes total driving time.  In sum, the management of this operation is elementary, and unable to provide a value added experience.  On the plus side, the two 'driving' employees we met were very friendly and accommodating, and trying to make the best of what they had to work with.  My advice: Save your money...even at the discounted daily deal price, this was no deal.
1	This was supposed to be my husband's Anniversary present.  I bought it on a Groupon in April.  As another reviewer said, I was also concerned that they didn't seem to be posting available track dates so I started emailing the company to confirm that they would be open sometime during the 4-day window we were in town.  They emailed saying they would get back to me June 1 and he did, confirming they would be open June 14.  Twice I confirmed with him.  So the morning of, I told hubby and we were super excited for that evening.  An hour before we left, I decided to call and just confirm before we drove out there.  The owner answered and said, NO, they weren't open and hadn't been all week and won't be until July 4th.  They are in the process of "moving our track"  WHAT?  I was shocked and so dissapointed.  The groupon that we had expired July 11 so I am guessing they are going to have a lot of disappointed customers.  I'm hoping it could have been a good experience but we'll never know.  I'm just wanting my money back.  Don't risk this as a present of any kind.  If you are in town and get a discount, then you won't be disappointed if they're not open....
5	What an AWESOME experience!!   I had never been drifting before - this was my first time in a drift-car.  So for a first time, I chose to do a "ride along" instead of driving myself.  I must say I was NOT disappointed!!!  It was absolutely exhilarating!  My driver was Chris, who I believe is the owner of the track - and he was pretty damn good.  I liked how when I got in the car, he asked "keep it simple or go for broke" (or words to that effect).... needless to say, I chose to "go for broke".  It's cool though that they ask - some folks may not want the "all out" treatment.  But man, I sure did, and it was just awesome.   The most fun you can have in a car with smoking tires!!!You get wet track and dry track, along with a few obstacles like light poles (padded, of course!) and fences,  that add to the thrill of it all.  The ride time is EXCELLENT - I don't recall exactly how long - 15 minutes or so - but trust me - it's PLENTY to get a really good experience and have an amazing first time in a drift-car.  You won't be disappointed.This was one of the most fun things I've ever done in Vegas - and I would highly recommend it.  Even if you don't want to drive, just do the "ride-along" and let the experts show you how it's done.Next time, I want to do the driving, now that I know more of what it's about.Great staff - reasonable pricing - and an absolute blast.Dave
3	The traditional 2nd year wedding anniversary gift is cotton, so as I sadly thought I'd have to settle on getting my husband a t-shirt, I came upon a Groupon for this place and a light bulb turned on...Cotton Mouth!, I'll give him cotton mouth!! We ended up heading over on a weekday about an hour after they opened and there was already a line of people waiting, and even as we waited people kept getting on the list to wait. The wait wasn't all that bad, you get to watch the drifters, they had chairs set up, a port a potty and all the water you can drink. My husband was even treated to a drift in a F-150 by one of the drivers, I was jealous. The lot the drifting takes place in is kind of small, at the end of a road behind the strip (sketchy as it get dark). The lot gets a bit dark once the sun goes down, they need more lights. The cars they have to drift in are beaten to sh*t, one even broke while we were there. But the staff is fun and enthusiastic, you can tell they love their jobs. A lot of the people that drifted had been there before so don't feel like your not doing well,  just have fun. My husband doesn't drive a manual too often, but he got a couple good slides before his lesson was over. He said he had a blast and would do it again.The price was great with the Groupon, but I'm not sure if I'd pay full price for the experience. But if your wanting a new experience I'd say give it a whirl.
