3	We went to Nora's on a recent Friday night to see if this was the best wine bar in Las Vegas and I have to say it is not my favorite.  The Enomatic Wine system is interesting.  However, as another reviewer observed, the system, bar and dining area are poorly placed in the restaurant.  I found the food palatable but nothing that would hasten my return.  Therefore, if I am only going to drink wine I would go to places with less ackward layouts like Marche Bacchus or the Wine Cellar & Tasting Room at the Rio.
5	What can I say about this place.  Being a NY'er, and Italian - I am kinda a hard sell, but the Mauro family has outdone itself here.  The wine bar itself is A-1 with one of the finest dispensing systems I have ever seen and one of the largest selections of wines I have seen.  And the food, was superb.  My only complaint is the place was so packed that we had to eat at the bar - and the bar crowd flowed over to restaurant making for a cramped feel.  But thats what happens when you're that good. I wish Giovanni & family much more success and crampedness, LOL, which will enable them to maybe expand the space.Sue G
5	My friend and I went here on a Sunday afternoon where we were one of the few diners around. I enjoyed having the restaurant to ourselves as it gave us a chance to talk at a normal level without having to yell. My vocal cords were already hoarse from the 3 days of non-stop drinking and partying so this was a welcome respite. Having eaten like a king for the past couple of days, I needed something manageable to digest so I opted for a chicken breast salad. My friend got the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. Both entrees were on point especially my friend's entree. It was like something you would have your mom make when you were sick. The best part of the whole meal was the bread with dipping oils that preceeded the entrees. I am a salt snob so I was happy to see three different kinds of salt as well. Under the salt dishes were descriptions of each. Classy if I do say so myself.
5	This place is good, and for how good pretty damn affordable.
5	The Wild Boar was amazing, so good my husband and I bought ordered it. My parents live in Summerlin and I thought that there would never be good food up there, when I was a kid there wasn't. But when I was a kid the Circus Circus steak house was considered good.  I glad all those Californians came to town because there is a vast reduction in smoking and an increase in good food. Okay back to Nora's, did I mention the food was great. I love the olive oil salt thing they do. Both flights we got were really good, and fun to explore. The pasta soup was also hearty and flavorful. And spear me another boar because this maybe my go to place when visiting the 'rents.
4	A very different place for Las Vegas. Obviously appeals to the better-heeled local crowd. Unusual and usually delicious Italian menu items not found in your neighborhood place. Many small tasting dishes worth sharing.We're not drinkers, but the wine list was extensive and the customers were enjoying many different wines by the glass.Friendly, professional and knowledgeable staff.Located a few miles from the strip, so it is a decision to drive or taxi out to this upscale mall location.Some dishes fell a little flat, hence the 4 star rating..I'd give it 4-1/2 stars if I could.
3	Noras has a decent wine selection ranging in price with some nice boutique wines listed. The place is a little overpacked with tables making it so you have to maneuver to get to your table. The service was very laid back, if you need anything you will have to flag someone down, which tonight wasn't a bad thing as our party was just chatting away. The veal was superb while the stuffed chicken was dry and the dessert (chocolate cake) was alright, but not rather small and not quite worth the ten dollar price tag. Good place to go to get away from it all. The interior design is nice as well.
5	This is my favorite Italian place in Las Vegas! You must try the arancini.  It is delicious.  Also they are great with takeout.  Just call and pick it up at the bar.  I also enjoy the enomatic machine.  It can get expensive but it is the best way to try a variety of wines without committing to a whole glass or bottle.  The way the enomatic machines work is that you put some money on a card that they provide you, put it in the machine, grab a glass (lots of different sizes and styles around the machines) and dispense the wines by the ounce. A lot of the wines that they carry in the enomatic are wines that you would not otherwise be able to try without buying a whole bottle.This is definitely the place to go for great italian food in Summerlin!
4	Love the Enomatic wine system they have here. You fill up a credit card like card with money and then go from wine to wine paying and tasting as you go. The food is great and the servings are huge, so feel free to share. I go here a lot with friends for happy hour and we always find a seat at the bar and have a good time. I don't know the bartenders name who's always here, but he's very knowledgeable and always offers up suggestions on food and wine when I'm at a loss on what to choose.
4	Great Italian resto have a great selection of wines and italian food.
5	I'm thinking you have to be a local or know a local to even find this place!  If you aren't, then you certainly lucked out.I absolutely love Nora's Wine bar! I guess Nora's sons opened the place or at least that's the rumor I've been told. Fresh Bread, awesome service, and what the hell is in the tomato sauce? Crack?? Because I'm addicted. LOVE IT!!!
5	Went with some friends for a birthday last night, and I must say all of us enjoyed our meal.  My girlfriend and I shared the grilled artichoke and lamp chops, and we tried someone else's pasta, which was amazing.  Our server GC was very helpful, and the place was definitely a hot spot for a Friday night.  Huge wine selection with decent prices, too.
2	Just OK. Wine selection is vast, particularly by the glass but the actual selections are not inspired, and there are no bargains.Food wants to be high-end but just succeeds in being high-bland.Bread selection is shockingly weak: some regular italian slices and some over-salted focaccia. The elaborate pouring of three olive oils doesn't cover the weak selection.From now on, I'll go to the original Nora's on Flamingo: better food, better prices and less pretension.
4	This place is really fun! If you are looking for the food to be like the original you will probably be disappointed. However, if you are looking for a fun Friday/Saturday night pre-club meeting place this is for you! Or just a fun place to go with a couple friends for a fun evening. Too crammed to be comfortable for a larger group.Ideal for having a few appetizers and sampling a few wines on a Friday or Saturday night.
3	CLOSED-  another restaurant in LV bites the dust.  9/15/11The ambience with the wine selection and wine card distribution make this a very fun restaurant/bar to go to.  My fav's at this restaurant are:Eggplant appitizerPenne vodkaI like the salads but ask them to put the dressing on the sides as sometimes it comes out drenched in dressing.Pizza's are fun to order too.
5	I just moved to Vegas from the LA area. This restaurant reminds me of home. Super hip, great food, great wine, etc... The only thing different is the crowd. The crowd is a mix, not just a bunch of hipsters. I like it, less pretentious. The staff is super knowledgeable about the wines and friendly. I haven't tried it yet, but you can get wine by the ounce. How awesome is that! It's the kind of place you could get a little dressed up for or go casual. The prices are great for what you get. I love this home away from home.
5	We saw Nora's on the food network and had to visit during our travels to Las Vegas.  My bf and I ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing and it was DELICIOUS.  The chef came out to present the dishes and the flavors were so good that it made my mouth water.  They also brought us 2 extra dishes (mozzarella and butternut gnocchi) which were phenominal.   Service was great, the wine was paired well with the food.  I look forward to our next visit!
5	LOVE!My mom and I came in here for a few drinks and some appetizers in the middle of the afternoon (3pm).  Cannot wait to go back!!!We had:Bruschette (Pick 3 for $9.00)1. Roasted Garlic & Onion2. Roasted Mushrooms, Peppers & Gorgonzola3. Shrimp & Avocado-ALL WERE FANTASTIC!  We sat at the bar, and the bartender knew we would share, and had them cut in half- perfect!The bartender recommended the: Burrata Caprese.AMAZING!!!  The cheese was delicious!  Never had something so creamy but still hold it's shape. The flavors all came together wonderfully.  (like a regular caprese salad... but MUCH MUCH better!)I had a Bellini (yum!) and a glass of red Sangria (huge glass for $8) and it was probably the best sangria I have had all year. (and I drink a lot of Sangria...haha!)  My mom had a Pinot Noir (west-coast, by the glass) and she liked it as well.  The wine list is huge (as it should be for a wine bar)  Definitely looking forward to coming back for dinner!
1	My friend and I walked in and sat at bat and was snubbed. Not only did a server walk behind the bar and say we'll be right with you , then the actual bartender stood at the computer and played on his cell phone. Did not even turn around to greet us or acknowledge that we were sitting there. We sat for minimum 5 minutes then finally walked out. Not sure what the problem was, maybe we weren't the right kind of people
5	An incredible place.  Great food and a HUGE wine collection.
3	The wine is great, the meat and cheese platter is fantastic, everything else on their menu is made from salt, seasoned with salt, served on a bed of salt and topped with a side of salt. I felt like I was going to have a heart attack halfway through eating the eggplant dish I had, and my wife couldn't even make it that far with her chicken dish. While my wife and I would make it a point to stop by after work for wine and appetizers at least once a month, we gave up trying to order anything else as it just tasted like a salt lick.
1	Our server was quite obnoxious, inattentive, and hardly came by after the main entree was dropped off. The place is overpriced and does not offer anything special in terms of food or atmosphere.
4	I wandered into this place on a whim during one of the rare rainstorms.  Despite being a weeknight and pouring rain, it was fairly packed.The wait staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.The wine list is extensive and there's a lot to choose from.  There are even a couple of different flights that you can order.  And that's all in addition to the wine tasting bar where you pay by the ounce.The bread is delicious and presented exquisitely.For an entree, I had the penne vodka, which was great (and I'm a harsh critic on this dish as it is one of my all-time favs).
1	ahhhhhh..... mediocre at best! I have literally tried to like this place. I have been there 5-6 times, and every time I go I am trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, but NO MORE! I recently ate there with my wife and her sister and her boyfriend- against my will! We had the grilled artichoke to start- way over oiled and salted- it was like an oily grilled disaster. So then one of our entrees come out- the steak. It was ordered Medium, it came out on the rare side of Med- rare, but the kicker was, the next entree didn't come out- literally, 13 minutes after!! I said something to the waiter and he was just like, "uhhh, yeah, uuhh... it will be right out, sorry". Um, really?!? wrong answer! we waited for the other food, so our steak was cold, it was terrible! the only thing that was decent was the Penne -ala Vodka. we had 2 other pastas- BLAND, and the lamb- nothing special at all! And then... the bill came, and it was like $220- and I almost fell out of my chair! NEVER AGAIN!
4	Owned by "sons of Nora" from Nora's Italian restaurant on West Flamingo, Nora's Wine Bar and Osteria located in the toney Rampart Mall in the upscale Summerlin area in NW Las Vegas is as different from the "mother ship" as day is to night.AMBIANCE: This is combination wine bar and upscale Italian dining with a menu designed for shareable plates.  We enjoyed our first visit; the food and service were both very good.  (But REALLY...they need to turn down the music on the sound system which is "dance club" loud.)  An open kitchen adds to the casual but hip feel of the place, along with white tablecloths, high backed black chairs, and just right ambiant lighting.WINE,   both by the bottle and glass, is pricey.   Sampling flights are featured in the wine list and one can create their own "sampling" in pours from the oh so trendy "Enomatic" wine server in 3, 6 or 9 ounces.  We selected four Italian reds in 3 ounce pours and the wine total was nearly $39.00.  OUR MEAL, for two, included good arancini, dates stuffed with parmesan and wrapped in crispy bacon, pappardelle with succulent wild boar ragu and a small serving of nicely sauteed baby spinach.   We would order them all a second time.  And...the bread!  An assortment of really good breads served in a small, white napkin lined metal basket along with a sampling of three different olive oils for dipping and three different salts for sprinkiing.  A perfect start to the meal to set the stage and tone.  Well done.A disappointment of the evening was the dessert course of a trio of panna cotta.  The three flavors - salted caramel, citrus and espresso - were lovely, perfectly flavored and not too sweet.  But there was simply too much gelatin in the panna cotta, making them more stiff than the unctuous, silky texture they should be.  SERVICE: The espresso one of us ordered to accompany dessert was served nice and hot.  Which was, in part, a function of the great service we enjoyed all night.  In addition to the waitress who took our order (her first night she told us and she was doing a good job) there were runners from the kitchen as well as a most professional server's assistant who delivered the dessert, coffee and the bread that started our meal.VALUE: The total bill, savory dishes, wine, espresso and dessert was just about $100. But there were lots of choices on the creative, well designed menu, like great looking pizzas for an average price of about $14 or salads for about $12, that would have allowed the two of us to eat at a more "bargain" price, especially if we had selected only one pour of wine each.BOTTOM LINE: The restaurant was about half full at 7:00 on a Wednesday night and seemed to be mostly Summerlin area locals.  One of Nora's Wine Bar owners was in Nora's Restaurant the night before, as were we, and he sat  at a table behind us to speak with customers there who were apparently long time patrons of Nora's. He said the Wine Bar is enjoying great success.  We can see why!  We'll be back when we visit Las Vegas again.
4	This is a quaint little place in an upscale strip mall.  It was midweek and pretty busy but we were still seated quickly.  The food is served family style, larger portions for everyone to share.Between the four of us we had the 5 choice Bruschette, Antipasto, and crepe lasagna.  They also bring out a platter of bread with olive oil and will refill when asked.  Everything was really good and we were full by the end of the evening.We took our own wine so we were charged a $20 corkage fee, which is on the higher end but considering they are a wine bar, I guess it's to be expected since we didn't drink one of their bottles.Overall, I definitely recommend Norah's.
4	We visited this restaurant on Feb 12 2010. We've been here a few times before but only for the bar area. They have an extensive wine selection but nothing to write home about. A few rare gems can be found (5 Turley Wines). Unfortunately, they rely heavily on Italian varietals. Mostly Nebbiolo and Sangiovese, both of those are not to my liking, but I digress. The atmosphere was buzzing with a steady hum. A local place where the bar area is mixed with bankers, musicians, software engineers and CEOs. All entertaining new acquaintances merrily, along their wine and cheese selections. On to the Dinner. The Service was attentive and prompt. The Waiter, Giancarlo was very helpful and suggested a great Russian River Zinfandel. We started with an Endive & Fig salad. It was delicious, with bits of blue cheese and sugared walnuts, but a bit on the dry side. The Main course was a lightly tossed capellini with slightly roasted tomato, fresh basil and EVOO. It was perfectly cooked and amply served. Nora's is about sharing. All the portions are served in platters and basins, so I would suggest one appetizer and one entree if you're sharing.Overall I was very satisfied with the ambiance, service and food but there was something missing. Maybe our selection didn't showcase the chef's brilliance or maybe the intent is to nourish and imbibe casually, while the conversations and chats take center stage. Either way, it's was not a mind-blowing experience, and that's ok. I will definitely come back again and again.
4	I'm so glad I stumbled upon this place. It's always nice to find a classy place to unwind, away from the strip. The decor is very warm and inviting. The wine selection is varied and extensive enough to be able to come back as frequently as you like. I always enjoy the flights as it is a good way to taste variety. We weren't really hungry, so we shared the eggplant cakes. It was very good.  Great ambiance...will be coming back again!!
5	Loved this place!  We tried a few appetizers but all I remember are the lamb chops which are the best I've ever had.  The service was amazing.
4	Been here a couple of times over the years but its been a good year since I was last here. Still a good choice to grab a bite. Good quality esp. for the the reasonable prices. Next time I am going to have a large party I would think about having it here. The only thing that was way off was the music.  Why the hell was the music so loud? There were only a few tables in for lunch and the music was blaring. After mentioning something they did turn it down a notch but geez if I wanted to shout I would have gone to the Hard Rock Cafe.
5	Did I mention it is hard to make new friends in this 24/7 transient town? Well I just made my first ff in vegas and she surely dazzled me with lunch at Nora's Wine Bar. Liked her anyway.....but really liked her after this choice. Fun selection of wines and you can drink many by the ounce from their dispenser if you like. Personally, I would have liked to sit under the spigots and let it flow freely into my mouth. Seemed a little too fancy for my antics...damn it. Food was cool. Kinda reminded me of a tapa bar with small plates, all of them good. Nice change from the giant mega plate let's see if we can bust your gut kinda places. Have not done dinner and would be inclined to do a bunch of lovely appetizers and some great wine at lunch or dinner. Very cool place away from the strip hustle and bustle. Nora should be one proud mama.
5	EVOO done in a hundred delectable ways. This is my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I know! That's a hard stamp to lick but here's why I love Nora's Wine Bar and Osteria. Nora indulges in the Italian culture. It plays to an older crowd. A more sophisticated crowd that's slightly more pretentious than Nora's Cuisine. But that's OK because this is a place where you can take a date or your visiting folks and be proud. The wine selection is top notch and you can even do tastings at the enomatic bar. Their homemade bread is served with 3 different olive oils, and 3 different sea salts. Seriously, they had me at the salt at this point and the food was free so far. The Salish Alderwood smoked sea salt was so good I had to buy a bottle on the way out.  Their Bruschette are just to die for. My favorite is the Eggplant caponata.  Pair that with the cheese selection and I'm already feeling stuffed at the Primi.  We ordered the a traditional pasta dish but it was slightly salty.I couldn't even make it to the desert which I'm sure will be divine. Then again, McDonald's 99c soft serve was calling my name in the next door plaza.If I love Nora's anymore than this, I'll name my next child after the restaurant. Next visit: Choose another bottle, go down the list of small bites, skip the main and order desert.
3	I get why people love this place. It's far superior to many other places in the city, however I personally didn't love it. A huge plus about Nora's is that it is one of the few places that I have been to that offers organic meats on their menu. This alone earned the third star. The reason why they don't get anything more than 3 stars is because absolutely everything is salted to death. I love salt, but this was just too much. I left feeling almost mummified. It started with the bread that is brought to the table. They use 3 different salts as a dip for your bread and olive oil. People, salt is not a dip! My appetizer, the organic duck egg, came with with a ladle spoon of truffled salt, and even my dessert (the pannacotta) came with a salted caramel flavor. Total overkill. I would give Nora's another go, they do have a fantastic wine list and their small plates look decent. Next time though I will treat this as a place for a drink and nibble rather than a sit down dinner. The ambiance is good, provided that you sit in main area. There is a side room that is cut off from the rest, and is devoid of any vibe what so ever, so avoid if possible. Service, 2 stars only. Rushed, and forgetful.
3	3 1/2 stars: As much as I want Nora's Wine Bar to be a 5-star in my book for it's great wine selection, ambiance and service, the food has it's ups and downs.  Some ups: the Bruschette, the olive oil and salt for bread, and cheese selection, and the wineSome downs: I've been there twice now, and both times the pasta dishes were too salty for my taste (meat sauce w/angel hair, tortelloni, and the seafood cous cous).  I noticed similar concerns about things being salty.  I had the bread pudding which was cold and disappointing as well. Nice hang out spot, so I'll probably still come by again for the wine and appetizers.
3	Our waiter was totally unhelpful dealing with a confusing menu.  Also, we were given a lunch menu and dinner menu when actually we were there for dinner.  My wife, who had the lunch menu, ordered from it and then the waiter returned to say she needed to order from the dinner menu.  He, the waiter, did not inform us what the meals consisted of.  When the food came, my lamb was good but a little  salty and my spinach was very very salty.  My wife ordered the veal Marsiella and the sauce was very good but the veal tasted more like chicken than veal.  The bus boy kept our water filled and brought us more bread when we ran out.  The bus boy was better than the waiter buy far.  I read another review that said they used too much salt and I certainly can verify that.  I wish the waiter had taken the time to explain the selections.  He did not seem interested in helping us. If they cut down on the salt, we might give it one more go.
3	This place can be so much better.Had lunch here yesterday with a few friends.  Our server was attentive and we never went very long without anything.  I supposed pouring him a taste of our wine didn't hurt.  Speaking of wine, Nora's Wine Bar allows for corkage, as long as they don't have the same wine in stock.  The waiter originally told us it would be $10 per bottle, but it showed up as $20 on our final bill.  No biggie.  I brought a 1999 Duckhorn Three Palms Merlot and a 2004 Blankiet Estate Cabernet.  We got things rolling slowly, ordering three bruschette:  roasted garlic and onion; tomato and basil; and mushrooms and roasted peppers.  None of the three really stood out as being amazing or that I would crave.  The tomato basil was especially disappointing, as there just wasn't a whole lot of flavor to it.Next, we ordered the artisan cheese platter with three selections.  I can't remember what they were called, but one was a soft cheese, much like a brie, but with a bit more nuttiness.  We chose to have the truffle cheese twice because, well, I like truffles.  The soft cheese was good, but nothing to write home about.  The truffle cheese was good, with that great earthy quality of black truffles - I do wish it was a little stronger in flavor, though.  The platter came with candied walnuts (yum), some kind of cranberry sauce (meh) and delicious honey.While we ate our cheese, we saw a big antipasto salad delivered to a neighboring table and decided to order it.  Meats and cheeses were plentiful, lettuce was crunchy and fresh, and the tomatoes nice and ripe.  It was a good salad, but it could have used more pizazz; maybe a more flavorful dressing or use heirloom tomatoes or something.  I guess it is a salad, but it doesn't have to be plain.To finish the meal, we ordered a serving of four lamb chops.  These things were big and meaty.  We ordered them medium-rare and they could not have been cooked more perfectly.  Whatever seasoning was on it was delicious!  Maybe just salt and pepper, but I felt like licking the stuff off it was that good.It's a good joint and has some interesting menu items.  But a lot of the dishes just don't stand out from a very crowded and competitive market for my discretionary funds (sorry, been watching too much CNBC lately).  The food just does not warrant a higher star rating.
4	Wonderful choices of both food and wine.  Especially liked that you could order flights of Italian, American or other wines, and/or specify the size of your glass of wine.  The markup on the wines is quite high, but what a fun wine list to read.  The dining room off to the main room is comfortable and romantic.  The service was friendly and professional. Our food was creative modern Italian - especially liked the swordfish rollatini and gnocci.  My only criticism might be that the portions are kind of skimpy for the prices charged, and that wasn't for the "small plates".  The basket of breads and spoons of olive oil made the portion size tolerable.  We'll gladly go back again, but consider it a splurge.
5	Was looking for a restaurant near Boca Park where we could eat outside, and found this on google maps.  Saw the 4-star yelp review, and decided to check it out.We arrive, and our waiter, Diego, was definitely an Italian immigrant -- immediate street-cred.   We proceeded to completely over-order and pretty much everything was excellent. We all enjoyed the bruschetta mix, cheese plate and prosciutto (all pronounced very precisely by Diego).  For mains, we got the monkfish picatta, the pappardelle, the chicken thighs, the roman gnocchi, and a pizza.  We polished it all off.  We topped it off with the chocolate dessert platter, which probably put me over the edge fullness-wise but just to the brim with deliciousness.
4	Great seafood and wine. Very helpful and knowledgeable staff.
3	This review pertains to the new lunch menu at Nora's Wine Bar.The Skinny: torn between the absolutely divine gelato with the mediocre risotto (3.5) Service albeit busy ('cause the servers do the plating here!) but pretty attentive (3), value - great for lunch special - 3 course meal is $17 (4).Yet another Vegas favourite haunt I perennially forget to review.My hubby and I love to come here for lunch. Prices are more reasonable during the lunch and they usually treat you to a delightful basket of artisan breads, gourmet olive oils and salts from around the world. They also used to have a superb crepe lasagna available at lunch - lighter than most versions but utterly delicious. Sadly things have changed here with the new summer lunch menu.Value wise - things are better. Although there is no longer a bread basket, the lunch special consists of a glass of sangria or soda, some crostini, a choice of entree, plus a housemade cart of 6 gourmet gelatos made by their pastry chef. All this is $17 - a steal really. You can also order off a truncated a la carte menu which has less complicated dishes than their dinner menu.First of all, our entrees came before the said crostini which made me believe that the kitchen forgot about it completely. The crostini, consisting of roasted garlic and hummus, was lack-luster which was sad because the previous bread basket was so good.My husband ordered a plating of 3 pastas: a risotto, a tomato penne, a spinach tortellini. The tortellini was excellent which was a shame because it completely overwhelmed the other two. The tomato penne was so-so, while the risotto was blatantly undercooked (don't tell me that risotto's supposed to be al dente 'cause I know you're lying). When we mentioned this to the server (who actually gave us two portions of pasta by mistake), he did give us some more tortellini.My paninni was very good with very fresh mozzarella and prosciutto. The caesar salad was solid. Really, the highlight of the meal was the gelato/sorbetto cart at the end. Honey basil, nutella, pistachio, mango, lemon-verbena, coffee crunch - all flavours house made. Totally wow! My favourite was the honey basil - who knew you could make basil ice cream so good? Some of the best gelato is here folks, I kid you not!So overall, conflicted as I was with the highs and lows of the meal, I give it a 3.5 star rating due to the consistency issues. If they can iron those issues out, this place could be solid 4 stars.
5	Crepe lasagna layered with bechamel, toasted crispy under the broiler.  Paired with a nice glass of wine makes the best hands down dinner in Vegas.  Nothing more needs to be said about this place.  Rock on.
2	I really wanted this place to be great, but it wasn't.. To start with it took a while to be seated and there were only two other couples there...it was a very calm Sunday evening and at least two waiters looked over at us standing there at the door. Next, after drinking about a third of my sangria I noticed there was a bug in my drink! The waiter got a new glass, but didn't bother to apologize...I realize it could have been someone else who prepared the drink, so I didn't let it ruin our dinner. The rest of the dinner was okay...our waiter had a horrible attitude and it took a while to get refills on water and drinks.  I won't be back here any time soon! The lamb chops were undercooked, but the tortellini was delicious as was the bruschetta.
4	Great place off the strip - Fantastic Italian!! We will definitely come back. It wasn't perfect, but it was great nonetheless. Here's the lowdown:1. Service: WONDERFUL - no question- no doubt. It wasn't standard service, it was EXCELLENT service.2. Starters: Bummer. Concept and flavors were outstanding. We had the squash blossoms with a delicious goat cheese ricotta. They were almost perfect, but.... they weren't fried long enough, or until golden.We also had the Arancini: risotto was al dente unfortunately, instead of all onda - which ruined them. They were a bit over-salted and they too, were not fried long enough.3. Bread: perfect Housemade bread three ways and the salts/olive oil combinations were interactive and delicious4. Crepe Lasagna: As most reviewers have commented: Memorable and reason enough to return5. Wild Boar Pizza: Fantastic. I was afraid that it was going to be over-salted, since I've had many experiences with overly salted boar but... it was perfect. The ragu was gentle and like the crepe, no flavors competed with each other. The crust was clean... if that makes sense. Just perfect with just the right balance. It had wonderful texture all the way around except the middle of the pizza was a bit soggy- it could have been cooked longer.6. Wine selection: very good7. Espresso: not good at all, bummer.All in all: this place would have been five stars since the only flaw was with the starters (and that was a fryer issue) and the espresso.Next time we head to Vegas, we're going back there without question.
3	This review pertains to the dinner menu.The Skinny: the best lasagna in Vegas is here folks! (4) but the service unfortunately has taken a turn for the worse (2) value: it's okay but a little on the pricey side for some items (see below, 2.5).I'm not sure what's been happening lately but Nora's been a little disappointing over the past couple of weeks.We went last week for linner (lunch/dinner) at around 4:30 on Monday. The restaurant was still relatively quiet (maybe 5-6 tables). Our server was all over the room and obviously carrying the majority of the load. Albeit, he took our orders promptly and was quite personable, the beverage refills were slow in coming.We used to love their bread service. The types of EVOO and different salts were labelled  and described on their plates while there was at least 3-4 types of bread to munch on. Our last experience, there was no labels and only one type of bread which was a far cry from our previous visits.If you come here, you must order their absolutely divine crepe lasagna. It's really bings all the taste receptors in your mouth in a harmonious heavenly fashion. The meat sauce, bechamel, and peas really work together nicely. Love the lightness of the crepes versus the use of regular pasta. Nora's has ruined me for all over lasagnas for the rest of my life.The rollo di pollo, which we ordered for the first time, was a little on the bland side. Supposedly using Jidori organic chicken, it's hard to make the chicken shine with so many ingredients on the plate (ham, provolone, arugula). When it comes to great chicken like that, less is definitely more. This dish was billed as a type of chicken parm - which it clearly wasn't - there wasn't anything fried or crispy on the plate. So overall, I was a little disappointed with this dish.Also tried the fried potatoes with truffle salt. First of all, I won't deny that the fries were really great - they had the flavour and even crispier texture than the Double Arches (which I hate to admit it, is the gold standard I judge all other french fries). The unfortunate thing was the truffle salt. The truffle salt wasn't infused with enough truffle flavour. The dish really needed some truffle oil aioli or something. In the end of the day, you ended up getting was a slightly upscale plate of Mickey D's french fries (which are awesome, don't get me wrong) for $10. A bit overpriced for what it is.Overall, a 3.5 starred review.
3	I'll be the first to admit that when it comes to food I have a little bit of OCD. I live to eat and plan my day accordingly. When my coworker suggests we go to Nora's Wine Bar for lunch, I'm on their website at 9:30 AM plotting carefully what I'm going to order, salivating over the delicious list of food. I came in with mind made up - the lamb chops ($12.50) or the grilled chicken thighs ($9.50). We show up and not only is the menu ridiculous (a leather menu?!), but it has no descriptions and it's COMPLETELY different from the website menu found here (http://www.noraswinebar.com/lunch.pdf ). Hey Nora's, we're in the internet age - keep your website up to date!I settled on the ribeye ($17), my coworkers got the chicken milanese and the salmon with pasta. We started with some bacon wrapped dates. Dates were tasty but can't compete with FireFly. Salmon eating coworker seemed happy, chicken eating coworker was disappointed (the chicken milanese at regular nora's is WAY better), and my ribeye was fabulous. I was pretty bummed when they showed up with diced up ribeye, but it was legit. It was cooked medium-rare as requested (no easy feat on diced meat) and I was happy with the microgreen salad despite how heavy on the dill it was. A delicious filling lunch, but for $17 it should be!They'd get 4 stars for the tasty ribeye, but the service was atrocious! The restaurant was packed and they had 1 waiter. Ridiculously under staffed. I look forward to trying them again - hopefully they hire some more staff in the meantime and fix their website !
1	OMG! The broiling temperature's in Las Vegas have caused the chef at Nora's to have a meltdown!  When we had lunch today, we asked to have some of the vinegar and oil with our bread basket. The waiter explained that they did not serve balsamic vinegar anymore ( as a side) because the so called chef thought that the AMERICAN balsamic vinegar contained the TOXIC ingredient of FRUCTOSE. Yet, he had no problem serving us the saturated fat meat plate that would eventually kill us. While we discussed this among ourselves that it must be a cost cutting decision, the chef came out and berated us and proceeded to try to explain his philosophy on the reason for eliminating this very essential product served in all Italian restaurant's. He made us aware that to add vinegar to his loss leading cost of $1.75 to give his patrons bread and oil would not be beneficial to him as a business man. Hence, our original argument of cost costing was correct. This nut job chef, was so upset that we didn't by his excuse of trying to save us from making our own decisions about what we choose as ADULTS to put in our body that the he told us to leave the restaurant. I know, unbelievable! He followed and stalked us to the front door making condescending remarks and then blessing us as we left. This chef claimed he was a business owner and chef. As a business owner, you don't make unsolicited attacks against your customers because they don't agree with your bullshit philosophy. I want my vinegar!
5	A great place to take out-of-town family and friends...one of the first places to have such a varied enoteca system - put some $ on a card, give it to your guest and watch them go hog-wild!  Fun, like giving a kid free reign in a candy store.My favorite spot was up at the food bar, and not at the tables.  The guy that put the cheese and meat plates together for those at the bar was very well-informed and matched the cheeses and meats to what we were drinking...one of the great sides was a marmalade with mustard seeds in it that we would dip sharp cheese into - that was one of the best flavors to hit my palate.When sitting at the tables, watch what you're ordering - listen to the server when they tell you "family" style....that means DON'T ORDER SO MANY SIDES...you'll look at each other and wonder..."why didn't we listen to the server"...If you have room after the wining and dining for dessert you will be impressed...but so often I never made it that far...call me full and buzzed!
2	Meh. Waiters are hot, service is slow, food is rather bland. Atmosphere is great but that's only ever an added bonus.
4	I've had the pleasure of eating at Norah's once, such a shame, they are only a few miles down the street.  The surroundings are quaint and the service is quite good.  I love their approach to wine tasting, it gives you an opportunity to taste a wide selection of wines by the ounce.The quality of the food is very good to excellent, and the price is moderately high, but certainly worthwhile.
5	As others have said before, the feel of this place is true. This is where you'd take a special date, or Mom & Dad when they're in town.Atmosphere: Beautiful inside. A warm, inviting sanctuary to wine and good food. The decor is contemporary with a nod to the rustic Tuscan wine cellar. A lot of oak, dark wood and tans tastefully accented with West Elm-style decor.Service:Excellent. 5 Stars. You are greeted like family when you walk in, and the host greets you with an Enomatic system card. This gives you access to endless pouring of a variety of wines. The somolier was friendly, reliable and a great source of knowledge. She knew her shit!Appetizer:Very good. I had the Octopus Salad which only had a very small portion of Octopus so I was underwhelmed. The second appetizer was the Tortelloni which made up for the initial small disappointment. This was tasty, baked to taste and just simply delightful. Wine:We had a bottle of Ill Boro, the 2006 Toscana. It was exquisite. Paired perfectly with the lamb chops doused in red wine reduction... words can't justify how I felt with each and every delectable bite.Entrees:In addition to the delicious lamb chops I mentioned above, I had a second dish, the Rabbit 5-Ways. This was also ok. I say ok for two reasons:1. The lamb chops & wine pairing stole the show (salivating just thinking about it!). This is what puts the review at 5 stars.2. The rabbit was slightly too well done. It was dry, not juicy or tender. I still ate it because it was tasty, but when you have a rare meat, you sort of expect a higher grade experience, ya know?Next time, ask for Bebe the somolier and someone PLEASE let me know if you enjoyed the Monkfish Picatta...that will be my next choice!
3	A very different place for Las Vegas. This is an updated/ upgraded version of the Nora's Cuisine on Flamingo, located in Summerlin area, not that far from the the freeway. The original is a very honest family Italian restaurant while  this restaurant focuses on wine flights and small plates that are shared with people at the table. I am a wine connoisseur, and the wine list was extensive.  Also, great place for a group with the decent sized plate servings.The food was very good but not enough for a four star. I have had better, and I honestly think the original one on flamingo has better quality food. We had two entree (mine had scallops), along with wine. I have to say that I have had better italian dishes with scallops in it. The decor is gorgeous & comfortable and the staff is friendly, professional and knowledgeable (At least the ones we encountered). Overall, a-ok
5	I've been to Nora's a couple of times, and I guess it's one of my favorite restaurants that I didn't realize was my favorite restaurant.  This time, we went back because I had a Groupon... $40 worth of food for $20.  I think the menu changed, because it didn't seem familiar to us at all.  Much more tapas-oriented now, which is OK by us.We started with the torta fritta, which was fried dough served with meats and cheeses.  Then we had the arancini, which was baked risotto balls with mozzarella cheese.  My girlfriend loved that dish.  Next we had the polpette agro, which are swedish sweet & sour meatballs.  Also delicious.  Lastly, we had the pesto gnocchi.  I was craving gnocchi when I got there, but I was a little disappointed with Nora's take on it.  Just not the texture of gnocchi I was craving.Overall, I was very happy with our meal.  Total bill was $45 before taking off the Groupon, which means I paid $25 for all of this, plus tip.  Our server Julio was pretty attentive, though a bit difficult to understand.  Wish I had bought more Groupons!
4	YUM! YUM! YUM! I've been here before and as expected... Nora's does not fail to please. Went to Nora's after the movies on Saturday evening and we were seated right away at 6pm. By 7pm, the place was packed...not an empty table anywhere. Definitely make reservations. We got lucky.... being able to just walk right in. The olive oil and salt sampler with your bread is definitely a unique experience and a fun sampler. Who knew there was so much taste difference? I take salt and olive oil for granted..... Everything is family style so order with sharing in mind. They also focus on wine samplers / flights and a DIY wine machine with like 50 different wines....so if you are adventurous these are a good way to try different wines. You can, of course, order by the glass. Service: A+ courteous and attentive without being annoying Ambiance: It's like one big, loud Italian dinner. Don't go expecting a quiet, romantic meal. What we enjoyed: Appetizers: Dates wrapped in applewood smoked bacon... YUM! Squash blossoms filled with ricotta.... so light and tasty. Pasta: we ordered the Roman Gnocchi where the sauce was rich, meaty and decadent. Salads: order the 1/2 orders if it's just 2-3 people. The Antipasto salad was HUGE and it was just a half.... could have easily fed 4. The Marinated Veg salad was just the right size for 2 people. Dessert: we wanted to ... but were too full. They do their desserts like their wine flights... several dessert tasters make up a dessert sampler that is shareable. I think we might just have to go for wine and dessert sometime.
2	Well, as a person who has been in the hospitality industry a long time, I don't like to complain, but this was just disappointing.  My boyfriend and I went to Nora's for dinner tonight, and it was just not good at all.  I loved Nora's, always went and got the cheese selection, the manager Nate was awesome, and the wine fantastic.  Things have changed.  Nate is no longer there, and the new manager seems very stand-offish.  The cheese selection has changed, it is not a plate where you pick your own cheese anymore, it is just a cheese platter with a few types.  The wine is still good, but it's changing to a strictly Italian format.  The service was horrible, and I am as easy as they come, and as a server, I never complain, but this was so bad that my boyfriend, a F&B manager, was even upset, and he never gets upset.  The restaurant was not packed and even if it was, all the server had to do was acknowledge us, not ignore us for quite a while.  We eventually got so upset that we just cut our night short and asked for the check.The food was good, we got the antipasto salad, asked for no onions, but they must have forgot.  We got the meat platter, and it was good, but I asked for bread 3 times so I could eat it with it, and it took 15 mins and 3 servers to bring it.  That's when we decided to just leave and not order more, but since I had an email club offer for a dessert, we decided to wait for that.Oh, and the dessert, oh no.  I love sweets and always enjoy dessert, but this was bleh!  It was a special plate that comes with a chocolate mousse, a chocolate molten cake, a chocolate gelato, and some chocolate truffles.  First off, the mousse literally comes on the plate looking like a pile of crap, yes, poop.  I wish I would have taken a picture, it looked like a pile of dog crap, I didn't even want to try it, but I did, and it was not very good.  The chocolate lava cake was cold, and the lava in the middle was congealed instead of warm and flowing.  The gelato tasted icey and milky, not creamy at all.  The truffles were eh, they looked pretty but not much taste.  It was just a very unappetizing selection, and I love dessert, I'll eat anything sweet.I was not happy with this experience at all, and I don't think I could ever bring myself to go back.  I loved Nora's, but things have changed, and it no longer has the same feel it used to.  I am sad, I feel like I lost a great place to go.
3	I kind of want to give it a better review than this? I've been here three times. The first time, the service was knockout amazing and the food was really good. We had a three year old with us and the waitstaff treated him like a king, and he was super well behaved, so it spoke well of the place. I had spaghetti with marinara, she had the crepe lasagna. I wasn't crazy about the crepe lasagna but other people like it.Second time, I took my teenaged brother for a holiday night. Again, the food was really good. I wasn't crazy about my penne vodka but he got the gnocci with the oxtail ragu, which I adored. We sat on the patio and I felt sometimes slightly ignored, but that was okay for the mood.Third time, I took my mom for her birthday with teenaged brother on 11/13. Food was mostly okay - my brother got the swordfish and no one liked that. The caprese appetizer could use more of the tomatoes. My gnocci was still great but the caesar salad was served with half a chunk of the head of lettuce uncut. They were really busy and we were really demanding, but service wasn't 100%. Spots on the silverwear, my mom's steak was really pretty rare for 'medium' and had to be taken back, etc.The one thing I will say is that unlike the other reviewer here on the same night, my mom really liked her special dessert plate. Nutella ice cream is a good idea - my mom is not an adventurous eater so it was right in her dessert range. I think the mood is changing here, and that sucks because I have out of town guests coming soon and taking them here was my plan. I hope it was just an off night.
2	Last time I ate here everything was over salted and my 5 year old thought the pizza was weird(having tried it I concur). I had one good experience and one terrible one so it will average out.
1	This place was recommended to me by someone I met in a cafe not too long ago.  The location was nice as was the restaurant.  The service was excellent and the wine was great.I should have stopped there but the menu looked appetizing.  I had the artichoke appetizer and the Jidori chicken for an entree.To this day my undisputed artichoke appetizer champion is Gallagher's.  This appetizer will not be contending against it anytime soon.As for the entree, the Jidori chicken made me miss the grocery store rotisserie.  It looked presentable when the plate arrived but upon further inspection the chicken was not thouroughly cooked.  It was sent back and a few minutes later I got back some lacerated highly carbonized pieces of chicken.  After inspecting them once more I found that a couple of them looked a bit undedone again so I decided not to continue.
1	We must have come on an off day, because our experience wasn't very good.  At all.First off, we were looked at when asked for a table as if we didn't belong there by the host.  I wasn't very happy with that and should have walked out right then and there, but with all the great ratings, we wanted to experience it for ourselves.  We OFFERED to sit at the bar, which was a relief, apparently.  It took five minutes for our server to get our drink orders because he was handling half of the restaurant on his own.  That was okay, considering the busy lunch hour, so we ordered appetizers and waited for our food while drinking a bottle of wine.  The wine was a 65 dollar bottle, and it was just okay.  I was shocked a wine like that would cost that much.  Maybe I'm just spoiled, but it wasn't as great as he suggested.  Our appetizers were out after 20 minutes, and all we ordered were grilled artichokes and truffle fries.  Taste-wise, it was okay and not exciting or interesting at all.  The worst part of the meal was the chicken Frank ordered and the pizza I tried out.  Frank's bbq chicken was literally raw when it came out.  It had the grill marks outside, but was stone cold and red on the inside.  They re-fired the chicken and it took about 8 minutes to get the chicken again, only to have it raw.  AGAIN.  Needless to say he had violent food poisoning that evening and all day the next day.  As for my pizza, it was so bland and depressing that we ended up paying out 100 dollar ticket there and going to Grimaldi's across the street just to make ourselves feel better about a bad food and pizza experience.  This place isn't worth the money or worth another try in six months, which I usually do when a restaurant does so poorly the first time around. Why?  Because there is no excuse for serving raw chicken.  Twice.  That's just ridiculous, especially for an established place like Nora's.  If you want amazing pizza, skip this place and go across the street.  Want grilled chicken?  Check El Pollo Loco.  I bet they could do it ten times better than this place.  Whether it was a fluke day or not, there is no excuse for line cooks or the regular chefs to mess it up.  They should know better.
4	I still dig this place, but I have to knock it down a star.  We showed up around 9-9:30 pm on a Friday night.  The place was pretty empty but the hostess took a while trying to figure out if she could seat us.  I guess they were closing sections.They changed their menu... it's now printed on some fabric with a suede frame.  A little weird because people have dripped food on it. Our server, Diego, was super friendly and helpful.  He even took our groupon without blinking.  My only complaints would be that he asked if he was cut within earshot of us and he assumed I did not know what rapini is.  But that's all forgivable.  We got:Pork tanata - a cold pork dish with capers, olives and a mustard-cream sauce.  Very good.  This was a special so I'm not sure they always have it.Orecchiette (thank God for Google as spell check!) - gnocchi-like pasta with tomatoes, sausage and rapini.  The orecchiette is also good, but filling.  This is the dish with the rapini so if you don't like bitter vegetables in your pasta, stay away.  I think that's why the server was trying to explain rapini to me.  I guess he got burned before.Grilled lemon leaves stuffed with meat - kinda of self explanatory.  Made with three kinds of meat, although I neglected to find out what three kinds.  This dish is very, very good. But get instructions on how to eat it.  Let's just say I screwed it up, even after the server explained it.  Rabbit 5 ways - Served saltimbocca, agro dolce, ragu, confit and grilled. Saltimbocca is like a roll, with rabbit in this case.  The agro dolce is sweet and sour meatballs, just made with rabbit.  The ragu is a very good tomato sauce pasta with ground rabbit.  Confit is cold rabbit, served with capers.  And grilled, is well, grilled.  I highly recommend it. Just don't linger... when the hot dishes get cold it is not so good.  As always, we got our wine from the enomatic machine.  They've changed the system since I was last here.  Before, you purchased a card and put a certain about of money on it.  When the money was gone, you'd have to recharge the card.  Now the server gives you a blank card that totals up how much wine you get and then they charge you at the end.  I guess this could be dangerous because you might limit yourself more if the card runs out of money.  But I like it better - no more recharging the card or having a card with $0.94 on it with nothing to buy.  The reason why I am deducting a star, maybe a half star, is the hostess decided to start cleaning the metal buckets on the tables with Windex while people were still dining.  I abhor the smell of Windex.  And it was only 10pm.  The restaurant is open until 11pm.  Maybe I could understand if we were there past closing - people gotta go home.  But not 1 hour before closing.Also, a word of warning about take-out.  Just call.  Don't use the online ordering system.  One time I used the online ordering system, they did not bother to check the computer and had not started making my order when I arrived.  They were very apologetic but still.  Also, the menu online is not accurate.  The menu has changed.  So you risk ordering things and then getting a call that the items you ordered are not available... this is all assuming that they got your order.  So, just call... the old fashioned way.
5	Probably the 9th or 10th time I've been here and this was the best visit!  The pizza was A+ and they have a terrific new room so the wait time is much less.Great job guys!  I love your italian fare!
5	Staff is well informed on pairings with wine and the foods I choose.   All the food is cooked with Olive Oil which really brings out the taste in a lot of the foods.  Lots of gluten free options which makes it a great place to go for the person looking for this type of cuisine.The menu changes all the time depending on what food is in season.  I know that the Chef gets a lot of his produce from local markets as much as possible.  Grass Fed beef is usually the standard and all the meats are tender and cooked perfectly.
3	I went here one time when I worked for a mortgage company- this is where the company christmas luncheon was held. This review is for 3.5 stars. We had a fairly large party with an equally large dining table (think the Last Supper- it was a rather long dining table). Everything was served family style- large platters- much like Buca Di Beppo. We had so many different dishes to choose from- but I couldn't tell you what the dishes were though, but it was tasty italian food- since it was a few years ago. The service was good- all the servers tended to our party. It was pretty busy for an afternoon, I thought, but maybe that is the norm. Parking was a little problem for some of the people in our party, since it was located in a busy strip mall; maybe people were shopping too. The wine bottles are of course part of the decor and ambiance. I think I may have even passed a wine cellar room to get to the bathroom.I probably wouldn't come here on my own because it is a little snooty- I don't know if it was the people working there or what it was, but it was a little uncomfortable- and I am the type who can get along with most people and a chameleon in most settings. I never get that snooty feeling when we are at Buca Di Beppo, Carabba's, or Ventano.
2	For those of you who've eaten here before, be aware that there's been considerable changes to the menu and wine service (enomatic machines).  I was there in December and virtually all enomatic wines had been changed to italian wines and many lacked any written descriptions (supposedly because the changes were still getting tweaked).  Kinda hard to stomach paying in the 3 buck range for only about two big sips of wine that you know zero about.  And had to go back and forth with the bartender in a ridiculous "who's on first" exchange when I simply wanted to put cash on an existing enomatic card.New menu too as has been mentioned in previous reviews.  Bruschetta variety is still as yummy as ever and is a great snack with the variety of mystery wine samples.Has this once uber-popular place now jumped the shark?  You'd think in these times, any tweaking of the theme of a somewhat pricey restaurant needs to make the place more clientele friendly, not less...Oh yeah, and the nice host Nate is gone too.
3	A couple friends and I decided to try this place out because 1) they are wine drinkers and 2) wanted a chill atmosphere. So being the person I am and always wanting to try new places around town, I figured I would give it a try.Located in the Boca Park area by William Sonoma, Banana Republic and P.F. Changs, you know you're in Summerlin and the dining is going to be a little more high class. On the night we went, there were only a couple tables occupied. As soon as I walked in, a whiff of snootty-ness was in the air. Now I can get along with anyone or anything but the caliber of people in this place was unbelievable. I actually felt a little out of place because I'm one of those people that enjoys having a good time when I go out to eat, instead I felt like I had to behave myself.Our waiter, Diego, poor dude. It's like he didn't even want to be there and the guy was so monotone, as my friend stated, an "Italian Frankenstein." He started to get irritated because we were still waiting for the rest of our party to show up and were not ready to order. But yet he kept asking!So looking over the menu...first who uses a suede type menu? Oh Nora's does. I know you're trying to go for the sophisticated look but the EVOO stains on the menu are not very appealing. Side note- nothing on the menu was cheaper than $10. The best way to classify Nora's is Italian tapas ranging from apps to small bites to entrees to desserts. We found it much more beneficial to share the dishes we ordered and ended up paying around $60 for the 3 of us, of course we never did sample the wine. Perhaps it was because we didn't want to get to rowdy in this place (we did anyways and we just got stink eye from those around us).We ordered the rollo di pollo, (chicken parmsigana stuffed with ham( from the small bites menu. There were 4 pieces, which suited us fine. It was actually pretty enjoyable, I was afraid it might have still been raw like other places but it was actually cooked right! Our next dish was the tomato & basil capellini. It's really hard to mess this simple dish up. So it was okay nothing to make you say "WOW." And last but not least we ordered the small spinach & endive salad. I enjoyed this salad because it was light and quite refreshing.  The three dishes we ordered actually worked out well together and naturally balanced each other out. Overall Nora's wasn't bad, however, the service and atmosphere made me give it 3 stars. I'd give it another shot to see if it was just a bad night and to possibly sample the wine. It does remind me of the Grape in Town Square, but the Grape has more of a laid back atmosphere and has ladies night, with a reasonable food & drink menu!
2	Not much to like about this place.The service is slow. My party of six waited quite a bit of time for our waiter to acknowledge us. My food was just ok and refills weren't as quick on water and other drinks as I would like. When it was time to pack up our meals to go my waiter dropped my food on the floor . The food splashed and hit some of my friend's purses, shoes and jackets, which was annoying. Especially since they left the broken plate and food there for quite a while until they finally sent someone to clean it up after we asked two times. I think it was nice that they replaced my meal free of charge, but since I didn't really enjoy my meal, I didn't really want more of it, lol. I ended up just giving my leftovers to a friend to take home with her. When it came time to order dessert our waiter couldn't seem to get it right. He had three different desserts sent out and none of them were what he had ordered. Finally we just gave up as we were running out of time and needed to get going. On top of all that, he was slow with the check and actually tried to charge us for two of the desserts that he sent out incorrectly, despite the fact that we neither ordered nor ate them.The only saving graces were the cheese plate and some of the dishes I tasted from my friend's plates were decent.Not sure I have much interest in going back.
4	I think Nora's is a fairly decent Italian place. Reservations are highly recommended as it seems to get packed for a Friday night. We decided to come here because one of our friends had the awesome Groupon deal. $40 bucks off and we were able to use both of her Groupons...so we had $80 bucks taken of the total tab! We decided to start with the bruschette. I decided to try the Mushroom, roasted peppers and Gorgonzola as this was recommended by the server. It was definitely a good recommendation.   We also decided to start with the Arancini balls loaded with risotto and mozzarella. I was not so impressed. There were parts of the ball that were very hard (too hard to bite) and the texture was just not consistent. We decided to go family style on our meals since there was only 4 of us. We all came into an agreement and ordered the Veal Osso Bucco, Roasted Chicken Thighs, Papperdelle Luisa and the large Caesar salad. I'm not a huge fan of salads, because I feel that you can make it easily at home and really its just a bunch of lettuce. The Caesar salad was nothing special, I am a bigger fan of their Antipasto Salad instead. The Osso Bucco was delicious! Tender and juicy, everything it should be with a spoon for the bone marrow. I'm not a fan of dark meat and this chicken was not my favorite. There was nothing to it that made it stand out from the rest of the meal. The Papperdelle Luisa was probably my favorite dish of the night. I'm a huge sucker for carbs and the pasta was cooked perfectly with a biteful of flavor.  I enjoyed Nora's, but I really don't think that it should take about 3 hours for a simple meal like the one we had. Luckily I enjoyed the company, but I was not too happy about the VERY slow service. If it wasn't for my previous experiences at Nora's, I would have given them 3 stars. Nora's isn't my favorite Italian joint, but overall it is decent....a lil pricey but decent.
2	Had a business lunch and despite the recent mixed I'm the one that chose this place. I don't know if they underestimated staffing or their lunch volume but service was very slow. No plates came with the bread, buy maybe that's how they do it. I had the Grilled Trio. The pork was excellent, the salmon was good, but lacked flavor and the chicken thigh was partially RAW!  Because of the sporadic service I wasn't able to bring it to their attention and really didn't want to raise a stink about it in front of everyone. It gets two stars because the pork was really good, but I could not give it a third star because of the chicken. The Nora salad also was just so so. Not a whole lot of flavor there either.
2	I'd love to give this place three stars, but I just can't. We've eaten there twice, and both the food and service seemed to take a severe downturn the second time. The first time, we were given a nice plate of olive oils and salts to sample and enjoy with our bread. This time, a girl simply came around with some bottles of oil and allowed us to choose only one. Sad. The new wine system seemed neat, but I'm a lazy ass who doesn't want to have to get up in the middle of my meal and pour myself more wine, so I didn't use it. The clincher, however, is that both times we've gone there we've had to order our second (or in my husband's case, third) choice of entrees, as they were completely out of our first choices. Once I can forgive, but twice just seems ridiculous.
4	Used up my Groupon at Nora's Wine Bar and Osteria on a Wednesday night.  I didn't have a reservation, but the wait was only about 30 minutes.  And the restaurant was packed.  So I guess they are doing very well.I tried the following items for my dinner:Polpette Agro Dolce - Sicilian sweet & sour meatballs, panelle.  I liked this appetizer. The flavor was nice and the meatballs were tasty. (4)Oxtail Roman Gnocchi - Oxtail ragu, baked semolina gnocch . Didn't like this one too much though, since it was too salty for me. (2)Nora's Wild Boar Pancetta & Beans - Roasted wild boar belly, white lentils.  I asked for a recommendation and this was one of them, and it was good.  The wild boar was tender and flavorful, with a slight gamey taste.  (4)I also tried their Sicilian Plate (their largest dessert item) for dessert.  It consisted of the following:1) Cannoli stuffed with house made goat's milk ricotta, and rough chopped Sicilian pistachios; 2) Sfingi di Ricotta, a light Sicilian donut made with ricotta, that is served with warm lavender honey on a spoon. (one of my favorite desserts in that dessert plate)3) Cassata Sicilian, a layered sponge cake with ricotta (also house made), and marzipan.4) Sweet Ravioli made with ricotta, dusted with cinnamon.Overall I thought the desserts looked good, but it wasn't too interesting. If you enjoy ricotta cheese, then that will be the best part of the dessert.  Otherwise, having two components that are fried seemed too much for me.  Service was good. My waiter Diego was good at what he does.  Makes good recommendations and offers explainations as needed, and he wasn't pushy.  Courses were served in a timely manner without too much wait time in between, the pace of the meal felt perfect. (4.5/5)Price - maybe a touch on the pricy side for what you get, but it is in a nice neighborhood with presumably higher rent. (3.5/5)Atmosphere was pleasant.  Everyone in the restaurant seemed to have been enjoying themselves. (4/5) Overall, I thought it was a solid 4 stars.
3	Wine flights and some tasty beers available. Was underwhelmed by the food and appetizers. We had dinner outside on their patio area. Would be a nice place to grab a few drinks but not a favorite of mine.
4	Went back again (probably the 15th time).  Good food as usual.  A+ service.  Love the Bruschette with a chocie a four different toppings.  The olive pesto was off the hook!I finally decided to indulge in their self serve wine bar.  One (full serve) of Chianti to me looked like a couple of sips but whatever. $19 Bucks???? OOOOOOffff!I'm a regular but will have my wine at home before sitting down to dinner.  Still a great value for dinner in Summerlin.  Hands down.
5	We have been wanting to try The Osteria for a while having loved Nora's Cuisine for a long time.  Last week, while visiting Las Vegas, my husband and I and two of our out of town friends did just that.  The atmosphere is inviting, cozy and elegant.  The food was to die for.  We had the Rabbit Five Ways.  We were speechless.  Even before I saw the menu, I told my husband that I smelled Rabbit.  What a surprise to see the preparations not to mention the cacophony of flavors.  Absolutely fabulous.  The mussels, with a generous serving of hot bread for dipping, just blew us away.  As an Italian cook ,  I usually don't order spaghetti and MB's or anything else I often cook, but our friends did and it was good.  The service was supurb, the server was very friendly, personable and enthusiastic.  I wish Nora's Osteria was in our back yard.
4	Arugala & Prosciutto Pizza for lunch and a glass of wine.Great place for a solid wine list, but the thing we eat here is the pizza. The one we get is not a sauce based pizza, and Norah's does it quite well. Other places offer it as well, but Nora's wine bar does it the best and most consistent.We have had some of the pasta, and while it is good, we kept going back for the pizza.Note that there is also a Nora's restaurant, don't be confused, this is their Wine Bar in summerlin.
4	Very reasonably priced well prepared Italian food.  These people know how to make pasta!
4	We love coming to Nora's with a group of friends.  You can order family style, and enjoy a tasty meal with some excellent wine.  Their Sangria is great here too.  Plan on spending at least a couple of hours here since the food is made to order so it doesn't come out right away.  The ambiance makes it worth the wait though so bring some of your closest friends or a hot date and get ready for a nice dinner!This restaurant is definitely one of the nicer places to eat in Summerlin, so don't go in your swimsuit or your ripped up jeans b/c you'll just feel out of place.  Staff is friendly and attentive...your plates will not be on the table for more than 2 minutes once you're done eating.After dining at Nora's, head over to Paymon's Hookah Lounge for some drinks and relaxation.  :)
3	I have been to Nora's Winebar many times.  It use to be a very good restaurant with great food, reasonable priced.  I remember how good the eggplant cakes were.  Now, they are dry and mostly bread.  They used to have a great meat platter which was perfect to share but now it is gone.....  And the prices..... They went up so much in the past two years!  Just a pity.....
5	RIP Nora's Wine Bar.  :(Here's to the good times, good food, and best opera-singing chef to ever run a restaurant!
5	In great memory of Nora's wine bar, this was one terrific place.  When I lived in the area, I would come here for every occasion, every special dinner, or even the occasional drink.  TV was available in bar.Each and every time, special.  Warm service, lovely food, and exceptional wines.  It was very comfortable.  Always greeted with a smile, and left with a smile that was my own.I loved their bolognese, which was really dark and almost smokey.  But I tried nearly all of the menu.The down and fall may have been the wine store that never opened, or the expansion of the extra side room -- in excess of too much square footage?  I don't know.To you I toast, thank you...thank you...thank you.
5	After reading a lot of my reviews and seeing that most of the places I review are now closed - I am beginning to think my patronage is the kiss of death.....Sigh!  Nora's is closed but Gio has opened Old School Pizzaria up near the Cannery I think, and like Nora's, the food is awesome....I mean...It's Gio cooking, so of course it is!  Go eat!
