1	This is a "ZERO" rating; however, that option is not available. I bought my daughter a cell phone. Added the line to an existing line through the Internet last night. $40 was authorized, $80 is taken out of my account today. Tried to contact customer service by telephone. Was told I needed to come to the store because I did not remember my high security code. Went to the store and was told they took $80, $40 to start the new line and $40 was applied to the next months bill. They never did explain why they took more than what was authorized. I authorized $40, not $80 and wanted a refund of the $40 that was not authorized. Somebody, I'm assuming a supervisor or manager, was called over the telephone for assistance. Can't do anything but they can send a check for the other $40....like I would trust Metro to do that. And I was informed the supervisor was at lunch. Well, I was too. So I get back to work and try again to call the telephone customer service. Was told the same story....$40 should have come out; however, $80 did, no explanation why. Was transferred to a company named Bill Matrix, apparently they take care of Internet transactions. They said they can't help me other than refund the entire $80, which will take 7-10 days and they would need Metro to authorize the refund. I was supposed to receive a $30 rebate prepaid card. That hasn't happened. When I go on line to check the status, it says it was approved for final processing. Doesn't say when. Doubt I'll see that. Also, be careful of the sales tactics at this store. When I originally went in to purchase two phones and two lines, the salesperson said she threw in a Blue-tooth headpiece. Well, when I got home she did; however, I was charged the full price of $19.95. It worked for a few days then quit charging. I don't have the receipt so can't really do much about that. To sum it up, save the grief of having to deal with their horrible  customer service and go ELSEWHERE.
1	I purchased an LG Beacon phone from the Siena store in Henderson Nevada on July 8, 2012. I even paid for the "Metroguard insurance" that was an extra $5 per month. Everything was fine in July. In August I had charged my phone as usual and couldn't get the phone to turn on. Took it in the store and they removed the battery and voila the phone worked, Ok. So today a month later same thing happens. Take the phone back to them and tell them this is the second time in two months this has happened. They (Rob) tried to tell me that I had placed the phone near a heat source and thats why it was doing this. Impossible. So I said, "show me on the cover where there is any evidence of that. My phone is charged on a nightstand with nothing that generates heat. They wouldn't do anything to help. I called the warranty dept when I got home and told them what had transpired, and they told me that for $20 they would send me a "refurbished" phone. My phone is two months old, why should I have to settle for a so called refurbished phone? I paid full retail for my phone. There is no more customer service anymore and the sales guy "Rob" was rude and was so quick to try to blame me when this was the second time this happened in two months. BEWARE of this company, even with a warranty it still costs you .
5	Friendly Fast and efficient. Really as good as it gets. Why pay more?
