5	This Asian Mart is fantastic!  I just moved from Hawaii not too long ago, and have been horribly missing my favorite foods there.  I bumped in to this store while out one day, and came out with bags of all my favorite foods.  If you're from Hawaii, or just like Asian foods, Little Divisoria is the place for you to be.  It has Hawaiian Kona coffee, mochi ice cream and candies, Zippy's Chili, arare snacks and li hing mui, manapua, kalua pork, Hawaiian salt, fresh blue crab every Saturday, along with lots of Filipino, and Asian products.  They also rent Filipino DVD's have native Kakanin and phonecards.  It's not a large store, but filled with just about anything Asian you can think of.  The owner Rollie is very nice and said that he's happy to order things from Hawaii or the Philippines if you want them.  Main point- great store, huge variety of Hawaiian and Asian foods/products and friendly, accommodating service.  Little Divisorea restores my faith in neighborhood markets.
5	Excellent place and 5 star hospitality!!!! I would definitely recommend this place and the owner is friendly and can get anything you want or need for your asian cooking. He has hawaiian products as well. I love this place!!! Check it out!
5	I always stop by here at least once a week :) even better now that they moved closer to me! Great customer service and a clean place that has all that we need!
5	This is a heaven sent Filipino Asian mart serving the fast growing Filipino community in northern North Vegas. Sorry Dracula..they have consummable blood here, but not the human kind...but you can choose between pork or beef blood.  Why?  A true Filipino has at least once eaten dinuguan -- the coconut milk-blood-vinegar-hog moss and meat stew.  Perhaps the most favorite FIlipino dish of all is pancit, the noodle dish that is prepared in many different ways using rice noodles (wide or thin) as well as bean thread for the more liquid bihon pancit.  They have most of the ingredients for the festive pancit palabok.  Another Filipino favorite is lumpia, the deep fried eggroll which you can mix and fill the thin rice pancake or already filled.  In my years of trying over 100 versions of lumpia, the best ones are homemade, not frozen already made.This is a family owned and operated store located at Centennial and SImmons, about a block away from Smith's to the north, a mile from Aliante Casino, and sandwhiched between a car rental company and Scher Firestone Tire. My relatives have been shopping here since they opened at Ann and SImmons about a mile away. This newer location is bigger and cleaner. If you don't know exactly what you need, the owners are a great help  when the store isn't real busy. Other staples include canned and frozen veggies, rice, and snacks. And they sometimes carry seasonal produce like platanos, mangoes, calamansi, but not always.They also sell some prepared dessets made by a local Filipino bakery, like Macha, a soft cream coconut and corn based dessert as well as purple ube, white, and orange sapin-sapin and puto cuchinta (brown sugar gelatinous mini cupcake), and palitaw. This is a boiled patty of sweet rice coated with fresh grated coconut, and you sprinkle white sugar on top.  However, I don't need any of that right now.  As I'm typing this, my mom is making suman, a sweet rice in coconut milk in brown sugar dessert baked and topped with a brown sugar, butter, and coconut milk topping.  All the ingredients are from Little Divisoria, which means little all in one shopping mart back on the islands.
