5	True European excellence! Treat yourself to this exquisite service you won't be disappointed.
5	Milunka is great at her craft ! I had my first facial with her and she's amazing. She did extractions, which I needed and now my skin feels fantastic !
5	Milunka is one of the best finds ever in Las Vegas. She does my facials and makes my skin look and feel baby smooth. I have taken out of town guests who can't wait to come back and see her again. Better than any expensive Spa on the strip. I have also come to rely upon her for hair removal. I feel so pampered and smooth when I leave. She is quick, efficient and way less painful than any other esthetician I have experienced.  I have less and finer hair in all the right places because of this talented lady.
5	Milunka has been waxing my legs for almost 10 years now and does a brilliant job every time. She uses a roll-on wax solution which seems to be extremely efficient with no mess. She is extremely professional yet provides warm, friendly company during your visit. I will most certainly continue to be her client for as long as I'm a Vegas resident.
5	I have been following Milunka for over 10 years and she is the best by far.  She is very professional, uses superior products and takes her business serious.  She doesn't rush you out and makes sure you are completely happy. Milunka is a perfectionist in everything she does.  She makes you feel so welcome and listens to your concerns.I have been to others before her and no one does the extraction or quality of work like hers.  My daughters (they are 13 and 18 years old) also have been going to her facials and waxing services.  They look forward to their visit to her and I know they are in good hands.
5	I found Milunka via Yelp reviews and she and her work lived up to her reputation! I have been with the same aesthetician for 8+ years, and in the last few years I stuck with her out of loyalty (even tho her work/service was beginning to decline), but honestly I did not know where I was going to go for a "true" facial. With the help of Yelp, I found Milunka! She knows what she is doing-good products, great cleansing with extractions! I've been getting facials from European trained aestheticians since my early twenties-I started caring for my skin early, and I am reaping the benefits now-and it's never too late (or early) to start. She is located in salon on Durango between Twain and Spring Mountain-$85. Go see her.
5	Milunka is amazing. I found her on yelp, called her, and went in the same day. She is no nonsense about skin care and does a wonderful European facial. The service lasted around two hours. She takes her time and is very diligent. She picked out product to meet my needs. I tell everyone about her. So happy I have found her. Plus, she is a delightful person to top it off. You won't be disappointed, book now!
5	I have had a really busy and emotionally draining month. I decided to treat myself because I am exhausted. I am now painlessly hairless. The European facial was so relaxing my systolic BP went down 30 points. Every one of the fine lines on my upper lip have disappeared!!!  I don't even want to purse my lips.  A different face was looking back at me from the rear view mirror. Every visit to Milunka is a visit to the spa.
5	I went to get a facial with Milunka, at Faces by Beba and I am very glad that I stumbled into this salon that is stuck in a corner off Durango.  Milunka is awesome ! She had me relaxed in no time at all, which is exactly what I needed !! Not only was I relaxed and feeling great after I left.. My face was in the best shape that it has been in a minute.  I am going to start making this a regular thing that I do to pamper myself a little bit.
5	omg Milunka has the hands of god. She has the perfect touch. Its like it comes natural to her. U will not be disappointed. Thanks Milunka!
5	Weddings, graduations moving my family and and my parents I needed a relaxing facial.  I was in paradise after seeing Milunka! The service is amazing and I promise you will be happy you decided to see her!I can't wait for the next visit:)Thank you milunka!
5	Absolutely loved Milunka!  I came here for a facial and when I saw her I thought she had the nicest, glowing skin I've ever seen.  That was a great sign--getting my face tuned by someone who knows how to take care of her own skin!  LoL.  I got a European Facial & a eyebrow wax, and Milunka took her time and was very considerate.  I absolutely love the way she shaped my brows.  I don't know what she did but they came out fuller looking and perfectly shaped the way I've never seen it.  I'm definitely going back!
5	I haven't had a facial in a long time, since I moved here so I was looking for a place where I can get a facial. When it comes to my skin, I want to make sure I go to a real expert. Then I saw Faces by Beba. I read the reviews which sounded very convincing so I immediately made the appointment. Milunka, you are amazing! I am so glad I found you. You are the best! I will definitely recommend you to my friends. Thank you so much!
5	I absolutely love this woman!I have had a history with bad skin and was desperate for results. My friend recommended Milunka, and I could not be happier.She takes the time to do extensive extractions and finishes with waxing my eyebrows to perfection.She carries great products too!If you're looking for someone who is fantastic with skin and treats you like family, this is your woman. I don't think you can find anyone better. Period.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! there is a reason behind the reviews. She is a trained nurse and her background is something to be valued. She is clean , meticulous, knowledgeable, and CARING. Now that last one may not seem important but she cares how much your image is attached to your skin and she even encouraged me to call day or night with questions or concerns. You will be put at ease the second she comes out to greet you. I felt literally rescued as she hugged and kissed me goodbye, she is that sweet; because the moment I moved to Vegas my skin turned against me. I was the girl who never had a pimple in her life but the Vegas weather freaked my skin (and me) out! But I did what everyone else does in that situation..I yelped. And I will forever be glad I found Milunka! Trust me its everything you've been looking for.
5	Milunka is amazing!!!!! So knowledgable and has the hands of a goddess! She definitely knows her stuff and knows how to treat her clients! Amazing!
5	It was my first time getting a facial with Milunka and it was so awesome. It has been by far one of the most thorough facials I've gotten. She takes her time to extract absolutely everything, she uses organic quality products and she takes the time to educate and answer any questions. She doesn't rush like many other estheticians do. On top of that, she offered to do my eyebrows, lips, and nose so I accepted. Thank God she did! She shaped my eyebrows beautifully. I'm going to her for that from now on. She's also very clean and not sloppy with the wax at all.I really recommend her. I am now taking my to see her boyfriend for his usual waxing as well.
5	I had a great experience getting a facial done for the very first time.  Milunka is amazing at explaining things and how you're face must be treated. She's very knowledgeable, clean, she takes her time getting the job done and such a sweet heart. I am glad I found her and can't wait to go back!!!
5	Milunka is great! I never really write yelp reviews but I decided to write one for her because she really takes her time to make sure your face is clean and thoroughly taken care of. Her facials are great because she does extractions, which is probably the most important thing about getting a facial done! I've gone to her twice and will definitely be going back again!
5	This woman changed my life! She is so good at what she does. She cleared up my skin completely. I wish I lived in Vegas cause I would see her every month. Next time I'm in town I'm coming her way. Love this place!
4	Been going to Milunka for my facials. I can def attribute my clearer complexion because of her services and products. Extractions def hurt but someones gotta do them! If you need a break just let her know and she gives you time to recollect yourself lol. I've been using her face wash and face moisturizer and they've worked great on my sensitive skin. Products are kinda expensive though!
5	This was definitely one of the best facials I have ever had. My mom and I came in on the same day and both had facials and brow waxes. It is definitely more about healthy skin than an aromatherapy journey with water fountains bubbling in the background kind of spa treatment. I wish I could visit once a month. We will definitely come in whenever we are in Vegas. Totally worth the trip off the strip. Very sweet woman with excellent skills. My skin looks and feels great! Thanks again! Look forward to seeing you soon!! Carly
5	My boyfriend and I went to Milunka today for a facial and I couldn't be any happier with our skin! First of all, she is just awesome. The nicest, sweetest woman ever. She really cares about people and takes the time to talk to you. She is actually pretty gentle compared to the other person who does my facials in Houston. I don't use anything with chemicals, herbs or essential oils on my skin and I brought my own product for her to use on me. She didn't try to talk me into using something else like most people do, and used my stuff without any issues! I loved my experience and I know my boyfriend and I will be clients of hers for good!
5	Very happy with the services provided. Milunka is very professional, pleasant, and skilled at what she does.
5	Milunka is wonderful!  She wants to know about your skin and she wants to educate you about your skin!  She's so sweet and nice. I truly appreciate her taking her time when I got my facial she is great at extractions she doesn't try to push her products on you. I will be returning to her again and again.....
5	just had my first facial with Milunka yesterday and I can already tell a big difference! I have always had problems with black heads and large pores but recently it erupted into horrible acne, I had tried almost everything from antibiotics to all types of skincare. Honestly I was getting really desperate for anything to make a difference and I am so glad I found Milunka. She took her time to understand what was going on with my skin and also took her time during the facial to extract a lot of gunk, it definitely wasn't a comfortable process but considering she is pretty easy on your skin and she really knows how to go after the stuff deep in the pore that causes all the problems. she was also very considerate in managing the amount of discomfort I was in and regularly asked if I needed a break. I even splurged for a new skincare regimen because she was really admit that it would work. I was worried it would be too drying because on the surface my skin is normal to dry and harsh products usually just make me itchy and the inflammation worse but so far her products are working great. My skins not clear yet but its a good start and hopefully in time Milunka will help me achieve a beautiful clear complexion.
5	I am so very thankful that I found Milunka. I suffered with bad acne for a while & tried all the products and home remedies I could think of. However, nothing would work with my skin. I found her on yelp while searching for a dermatologist & decided to try a facial. My life changed after that! Within 4-5 facials my skin was completely clear! It was like a whole new face! She also has great products so you can keep up with having clear, healthy skin. Eyebrow waxes are also amazing. Milunka truly is the best! Highly recommend to everyone!
5	Saw all the good reviews and I had to see for myself. I have always had acne and nothing ever worked. I am 30 years old and finally found someone and something that has worked for my skin. The first time I went to her I cried because I was insecure about my breakouts and she kept pointing them out to me and made me feel worse. She is VERY thorough in her extractions. But I know my face will be that much clearer! I have gotten 3 facials from her so far and have been using the Image products she recommended for me and I am so much more confident. All my friends have noticed a difference in my skin. I wear less make up now and rarely ever have a break out. She is amazing. Go see her!
5	Milunka is amazing!! I moved here from NYC where i have tried some many fancy places and never got a cleaning like I do when I go to her. I have gone to her twice now and my skin looks amazing. I will never allow anyone else to touch my face but her. She has an amazing array of products but never pushes you to buy anything. I definitely recommend going to her for facials.
5	Milunka is fabulous! She is gentle , sweet, and very informative. She takes her time to get to know your skin type and your daily activities. I am an acne sufferer and she knows exactly how to treat me and my face. My husband even goes to her now and he loves it. We have seen her twice and I highly recommend anyone who wants to get a facial to go and see Milunka!!
5	Milunka is the best in Vegas. She is patient and takes her time to ensure you get the best facial experience possible. I have gone to see her twice now and will continue to see her. Simply the best. She is very kind and knowledgeable about skin care too.
5	In my opinion, extractions are the most important part of a facial. Milunka did an excellent job on my facial. I could tell she was very skilled in extractions and knew a lot about maintaining healthy skin. She gave me some helpful tips, which I appreciated. I'm so glad I found Faces by Beba. I plan to return on my next trip to Vegas!
5	After going through several different topical products, pills from determatologists for a couple years wishing for something to work, I was desperate for a change. This is when I came across Milunka's facials and read all the reviews and decided to give it a try myself. I am so glad that I did, I've gone twice already and plan on continuing to go to her. I didn't realize how important facials were for the health of your skin and how simple it is to get better results than any dermatologist gives to you. Milunka gave me hope with my skin, she is very knowledgable and will take the time to explain everything in detail. Someone who is genuine and truly cares about your skin, not someone who will just throw medicine your way hoping it will work. This past time I got the face wash, lotion, and facial and I'm loving the products! If you are having trouble with your skin I highly recommend going to see her!!
5	Life gets so hectic at times that you forget to give yourself some TLC. I usually treat myself to something nice when it's around my birthday or after a long week of working back to back. I can be brutal to myself and that's where I make the time for some relaxation to balance my well being.I actually found this place from searching yelp. I love getting facials and feeling clean. That's where Milunka does a wondrous job in making my skin glow and looking healthy. She's fun to talk to and we always have a good laugh every time I see her. I enjoy her advice and tips about my skin regimen. And she knows... she knows when I've been picking and scratching on my blemishes. I can't get away with any lies :P She knows!!!I have to say she is the Queen of Extractions. She'll get everything out.... I mean EVERYTHING. I don't want to get too much into details and all, but even I was shocked in the things she shown me. She takes her time and I love the fact that she so thorough in getting every section of my face. Now my face feels immaculate!!! I have gone to other estheticians and even dermatologists, but nobody can do it better than Milunka. All I can say is it feels like a treasure hunt.. and she can find hidden treasures deep down everywhere on my face. Milunka is warm, friendly skilled in her field and she genuinely cares about your skin. She's not pushy with product selling, but gives you the option if you ever decide to change in what you use. I admire her beautiful skin.. it reminds me of a porcelain doll. You can tell she takes great care of her skin. I highly recommend her in all your skincare needs. She's helpful and has the best vibes every time I make a visit to see her. In fact, I'm already trying to make time to see her before Christmas. Happy Holidays!!!
5	Highly Recommended. One of the best!! We were trying to find a good Facialist from Las Vegas And Milunkha shows up on top of the list so we tried it out. She's very friendly and considerate. She takes her time in sessions and the results are outstanding. :).
