4	The Fremont sure knows how to keep secrets. I've never seen any advertising for the Dunkin Donuts location tucked inside their casino. It's clean and bright and well-stocked with a selection of their donuts and snacks. It's also probably less crowded than the heavily promoted standalone shop in the SW part of town. Keep this in mind if you need a fix.
5	When I moved out West from the East Coast I thought I would never see a Dunkin' Donuts again (yep NO Dunkin' Donuts in California).  Ask any East Coaster, Dunkin' Donuts coffee is like their life line.  To cut it off may result in death (or a serious caffeine headache).My withdrawal period from Dunkin Donuts coffee happened over the course of 1 year.  At first, I tried to substitute Dunkin' Donuts with Peets and even Starbucks.  No luck.   I even resorted to purchasing Dunkin' Donuts coffee beans from their website to brew at home/work.  Yeah, it was that bad.  Finally after a full year I weaned myself off Dunkin' Donuts coffee beans completely.  6 years laterLas Vegas, NVWhat do I spy, but a FREAKIN' Dunkin' Donuts in the Fremont Hotel and Casino.  I almost fainted.  (see picture to see how excited I was)Let's just say, 6 years without a Dunkin' Donuts coffee goes down the hill.  I'm back to square one.Dunkin' Donuts FAQ (for all you West Coasters)Q: What makes Dunkin' Donut's coffee so incredibly good?A:  I swear their beans are laced with crack. Seriously.  Other than that, their coffee has a great taste without all the bitterness.  It's pretty much the opposite of Peets.Q: How do I order a Dunkin' Donut's coffee?A: Sizes come in Small, Medium, Large.  They'll ask you if you want cream and/or sugar.  BEWARE if you say yes they will add it themselves and let's just say they are very generous with the quantity of sugar and cream they put in your coffee.  East coasters like their coffee with a lot of sugar and cream (reference: experience and Reader's Digest), so if you don't like a lot of cream/sugar ask for only "1 squirt" of cream and add the sugar yourself.  Q: Are the donuts good?A: Don't order their donuts, they suck.
5	This has been my favorite donut place-EVER.I lived in the Philippines for a few years and cant believe that they don't have this here in CA.So when we went to Vegas last year, this was my to do list..go to DUNKIN DONUTS!!!I had to find this particular store in Fremont street...as Cait mentioned, it's hidden! But it's like finding gold at the end of a rainbow...except the rainbow is flashing lights from slot machines. LOLRecommendations: Strawberry Glazed & Chocolate Creme. Try it!
5	If I could, I'd give Dunkin' Donuts way more than 5 stars.  I mean, hello, this is Dunkin' Donuts we are talking about!I'm a poor, deprived Southern California girl who doesn't get to partake in the Dunkin' Donuts Boston Creme goodness all that often.When I saw the signs on Fremont Street, I started screaming.I had one Boston Creme donut a day.  Oh, yes, I did.I love you, Dunkin' Donuts!
5	Did you know there isn't a single dunkin donuts in southern California?  I'm giving this location five stars because I believe it is the only place most southern Californians will ever encounter this storied united states franchise.
5	it's hard to believe this donut shop is not in existence on every street corner - didn't we used to have them in san diego?  so this was my first dunkin' donuts experience, pretty impressed.   I'd like to have a side by side donut-tasting - I rarely eat donuts, like every two years?  but when I do, it's all about the sprinkles and the old fashioneds ...here, I had a boston creme - delicious - perfect coating in the belly for roulette at the el cortez.
4	YES YOU FREAKS!!!  THERE IS A DUNKIN IN VEGAS!sheesh
5	First off, full disclosure. I'm a New Englander.. Land of Dunkin Donuts on every freaking block.  Having affordable good coffee, donuts, bagels and other treats at our disposal 24/7  (not to mention in every corner of the northeast)... this is something we get VERY used to.   I like to frequent Vegas and while Vegas has everything.. Until recently it did not have good breakfast options (i dont like big meals in the morning.. just coffee and a bagel)  I would wake up in the morning at a casino/hotel to find very expensive coffee stands with hour long waits and NO TOASTERS.  Who sells bagels without being able to toast them?  And dont get me started on starbucks..My last trip to Vegas we stayed in the Fremont Hotel and Casino.. and it was a quick elevator ride down to heaven.   Of course this is your standard Dunkin's but having it in such a convenient location is the best of both worlds.  Very accessible from any property on Fremont as well.   More Dunks' in Vegas please!!
1	Maybe it was just the location but I came here late at night and the donuts were stale!!! Kinda on the hard side not so fresh... I don't know if it was all the cigarette smoke floating that killed it but I won't come back again...
2	When we were in Vegas, we heard there was a Dunkin Doughnuts so we yelped it and sure enough one existed, actually quite a few existed.  I so miss Dunkin Doughnuts; there use to be a few of them in Seattle until they all closed so whenever I'm on the east coast; I always visit one in order to get my fix.  So it was Thursday night at 11:30PM and we decided it was the perfect time to make a doughnuts run so we got into the car and drove from the Venentian to old town Vegas.  This Dunkin Doughnuts is located inside the Fremont Hotel and Casino.  Maybe it was the full moon or the fact that it was after midnight when we got there but the doughnuts we got wasn't fresh, they were a little on the hard side!  I'm thinking they probably gave us ones from the morning??? WTF!   However this location is open 24 hours so they should have fresh doughnuts at all times right?!?!  The doughnuts totally killed my buzz for the evening.  If I hadn't won money in old town Vegas on the way there, I would have been totally disappointed instead of just minimally disappointed.
4	A sad little DD in a sad casino surrounded by sad Fremont St.Having been to Vegas a dozen times, my main gay and I decided to take the Deuce (heh) from the Wynn to downtown while the boyfriends gambled. Expecting to see DUNKIN DONUTS!!!!!!! in big neon lights, it took us a while to find this location tucked waaaay back in the Fremont  Casino.Quest achieved, we ordered way too many donuts and enough coffee to fuel an all night slot bender amongst the dingy decor but opted to Deuce it back to the strip instead. I can still still taste the glazed coffee roll goodness...mmmm
4	Considering the location on the strip, it was quite impressive. The pros:-Dunkin Donut tasteThe cons:-Employees that looked and acted like they had yet to graduate high school.-$1 for cream cheese? Wow.
4	Super friendly, lots of seating, and fast service!
5	First off, here's a disclaimer: I love Dunkin' Donuts. So as long as they have what I want, they automatically get a 5. And being 24 hours... a Godsend. It's a result of a lack of this chain where I currently live.What do I want? Chocolate glazed donuts, or their donut hole equivalent. Whenever I find myself visiting or staying in the Fremont Street Experience, it's a given that I go. Forget Vegas' overpriced buffets and mediocre restaurants. Give me my donuts any day.Located inside the Fremont Casino.
5	I come here often before work and it is always a pleasant and fast experience. The employees there recognize me and are always very nice, even before I became a regular. I don't keep coming back just because it's close to my job but the kind service is great, they are always fast even when there are several people in line in front of me, and the value is great. Their coffee is way better than Starbucks' and costs less... and a donut to consider my breakfast? Yum.I also always get a coupon on the bottom of my receipt to get a free donut with purchase of a beverage and so I always do this for my breakfast runs. GREAT value. I've never had their breakfast sandwiches but my coworkers said they were tasty... they are expensive for what they are though. I'm hooked on Dunkin coffee and this is a great location.
4	You know how some people outside the West Cost will often lament not having an In-N-Out anywhere near them? That's how some of us West Coasters feel about Dunkin Donuts. My local donut shop used to be a Dunkin, and they're good, but I wanted to try the real thing.During our short visit downtown, I made it a point of stopping here. The workers there were nice enough. We got a variety of flavors, including Boston cream and double chocolate. Those were my favorites. They were a little stale, but we got them in the evening, so yeah.
5	The 5hr drive from Long Beach to Vegas doesn't scare me when I know I can get my dunkin fix. You either love dunkin donuts or you hate it. I happen to love it and miss it dearly, so it's always my first stop in the am before Vegas takes all my money for the day.
5	I love the iced coffee (w/ cream) , but am I the only one who's obsessed with having the chocolate frosted donuts? Everytime I'm in Vegas, this is one of the first places I hit up to get my coffe/donut fix. The chocolate frosting is yummy! Unfortunately, I had a friend go with me (who's a crazy-overly-self-conscious-calorie-counter-douchebag) and I seriously want to punch him in the face for pointing out every single DD signage he saw "Hey Mary, look there's a DD! Want a donut?"....No, f$#* you very much."Oooh, one of these days, Alice...straight to the moon"
4	Bagels! Bagels! They have bagels and toast them up for you! - and it was right across the street (Fremont Street) from the 4 Queens where I was staying. So I could have a warm bagel back it my room in no time! It was nice and quick and easy and about all I wanted for breakfast. After all Vegas is not usually about breakfast!
1	Donuts. The drunk man's life jacket. An arm full of these gooey, sticky, dense little oily gems and your mobility starts to put on its socks and get back to work again. Dunkin is the bastion of freshly ground, crumbly coffee grinds and milky, frothy frappe confections. On the East Coast they are the Constantinople of every person's work day. On my last visit to Vegas, I managed to pick up a dozen donuts from this venerable establishment, trot back to my hotel room, and whiz the box over to my girlfriend. "Dude," I say, articulately, "I got us some donuts."The Red Sea of silence opens to applause. My girlfriend snatches a French cruller. I nab an old fashioned. We begin fastidiously talking about bars and taxi drivers. All is pleasant until I feel something wiry and unpleasant in my mouth. I look down, one eyebrow climbing so high it wants to reach Everest, and see a curly hair protruding out from the inside of the donut. I want to scream, but the terror is too much, so I open my mouth, much like a toddler in pain, and emit a soft cry of horror. "It cant be that bad, Rob," my girlfriend says, irritated. "stop being a sourpuss, you drama queen." I show her the hair in the donut and she backs away from it as if it were a king cobra. After we have all dialed down our sensitivity and convinced ourselves it wasn't a hair of the pubic variety, I decided to march down to Dunkin, tell the manager, and retrieve some compensation. The manager asked if I wanted another dozen. "NOOOOOOO!" I yell in terror before bringing it back in to a simple "Nooo, thanks." She apologizes and refunds my money. She told me that the donuts were delivered by an offsite vendor, so that the staff had nothing to do with the situation. She was really sweet about the whole thing. Sadly, I don't want to rate this place poorly, because it's not their fault, but it's still hard not to give Dunkin one star after my donut did some Bruce Vilanch cosplay. Sorry, guys, I don't want to shave my donut before I eat it.
4	My bookmark note for this place reads like this: Oh yeah!I grew up eating Dunkin Donuts back when I lived in Manila. It was delicious and the marketing team they had was so clever with the use of donuts for any occasion.Moving over here in Los Angeles, I didn't think I'd get to eat one again. I have no intentions of going back to Manila and having someone bring it back from their trip seems tedious. So I resolved that I'll never have my favorite donut again.But when we took my sister to Vegas for her 21st, she found this location. It's been my must visit Vegas spot since. So not that I need to say it, this review is very, very biased.Give the raspberry filled munchkin a try :)
5	I love Dunkin Donuts their donuts and coffee are the best. I always try to get some when I go to Las Vegas because Utah does not have any stores. So it is a treat when I can some yummy donuts.
4	Allways go there for good donuts and a pick me up after a hard night of gambling.
2	There seems to be some misconception that us West-Coasters don't know what a Dunkin Donuts is. Let me set the record straight by telling you that we are very aware. In my po-dunk town we had many of these donut stores until just recently. In a rare example of true capitalism, these big boys were wiped out one by one by locally owned donut businesses. Why Dunkin wasn't more like Wal Mart I'll never know. Suffice it to say that we are now without zero Dunkins. At any rate, this particular donut joint satisfied my odd late night craving for a donut (or three) and milk. The donuts were pretty stale (it was well after 1am) and the buttercrunch variety was disgusting, but all in all they made their way down (except the buttercrunch) and were tasty enough.The cashier left much to be desired in both personality and customer service, but what the heck. I tried joking with her but she made it clear that she had heard my joke many times before. That wasn't very nice. Pssh!
5	I love Dunkin Donuts and the only time I get those wonderful donut holes is when I go to Vegas and stop by. Its just good regular coffee and I think it's the only place to get donuts on Fremont Street.
5	I always make it a point to come here when on Fremont Street. I don't really gamble and so while my friends are at the table I treat myself to a nice coffee and maybe a donut here. I like the staff at this Dunkin since they are friendly and don't scowl at you when you take time to place your order. Always love ordering the coffee here, can't be beat!
3	my sister LOVES this location.  but when i went last week, it was pretty busy, rude staff, and not too fresh of doughnuts.  at least they were stocked well.  anyway, i gave my visit a 2 star, but again, since my sis loves it, i'll go with a 3 star.  it's in the back of Fremont Casino...so easy to locate.
4	Hidden in the Bonanza Casino - just go in the door and head to the center and there it is! It's a dunkin donuts, it in vegas and since there is such high turn over of the product, they are quite tasty!I might be overly excited since Colorado only had 3 dunkin donuts and they are 1.5 hours from Denver, so when i get to have my fat laden balls of heaven, i'm tickled pink!I got the chocolate munchkins - only 3 this time - and just as fresh and glazy as they should be! Mmmm
3	Its a good place to have snack in Vegas. I recommend blueberry and sprinkles donut. The iced coffee is really good. That is a must try!
5	It's the closet Dunkin to us that's open 24/7.  It's inside Fremont Casino so we park & walk down. I downloaded the Dunkin App on my Note II. It's pretty nice I like to check every so often for new coupons. Sign up with the perks program on their website. You get a free medium beverage for your birthday. I always get the same thing, Med Iced Unsweetened flavor shot of French Vanilla, 9 creams, 3 sugars.I finally decided to get a "charge card". Fairly easy to use, you can put a MINIMUM of $10 on your card to try it out. It's easy to pay when you click pay, select your DnD card & a QR code comes up for them to scan at the register.Another tip! Gluten free menu hasn't been released yet BUT no worries they're coffee is certainly enjoyable. How 'bout a GF snack? TWO ITEMS: Hash browns for .79 cents or Oatmeal (no idea how the oatmeal tastes).  I prefer to get 2 orders of Hash browns  EXTRA crispy (they use a tray for all their toaster oven products, warn them you have an allergy.
5	I think I love Dunkin because it's so damn inaccessible.My first experience with Dunkin was probably 10 years ago when friends from Boston brought Dunkin ground coffee to LA with them.  I liked the cinnamon-y taste it had.While my boyfriend and I were in Delaware, we started every morning with an iced coffee.  From there I was hooked.When I come to Vegas, I make it a point to locate the nearest Dunkin.  This location is 24 hours.
1	ZELDA should be FIRED!  The worst service in the history of service.  I've never been cut off at a coffee bar before after she tried to educate me on the difference between coffee and espresso.  Ummm okay.  Won't be back.
2	I don't get the hype.I have lived on the East Coast and had Dunkin's there, even in Germany they have one, I was never wowed.Staying at the Golden Nugget across the street we came here to get a half dozen and back again the next day for National Donut Day, Buy a coffee, get one free, we got 5 different cooolata's all SUCKED!Barely frozen, just pure syrup taste, I had the mocha and just tossed it!Service was horrible, both times.The donuts also old, poor quality, tiny and overpriced at starting at $1.20 eachThe only thing that was descent was the sour cream/old fashioned, they were fresh and tasty.I would never come back, no matter how strong the urge for a donut or coffee is.
1	I will start by saying that I love all the other Dunkin' locations here in town.  The franchisees do a good job at maintaining staff and putting out good product.  However, this one in the Fremont is TERRIBLE.  There is NEVER enough staff.  The few people they have working are surly and rude.  I realize you have to deal with drunks and idiots on Fremont, but I treat all service employees with respect and am courteous with them.  Being I worked in a restaurant for five years, I know how it is.  Not to mention, the prices are WAY higher at this location.  I'll stick to my favorite stores on Tropicana/Pecos and Gibson Rd.  This location could take a few lessons in customer service from them.
1	I just purchased a glazed and chocolate covered donut here. Both were very stale and must have been sitting on the shelf for a  very long time. I took one bite from each then threw them into the trash where they belong. You would think Dunkin Donuts would keep fresh goods on their shelves.
4	Saw the sign for this outside of the Fremont Casino and immediately dragged my friend in. I came in wanting to get a Moolatte since I needed a cold drink and caffeine desperately. I didn't see it on the menu (it's been awhile since I've been to a Dunkin' and there's none in CA). I saw the ads about a new drink, Iced Latte Hazelnut Swirls, around the establishment and I had to try since I love hazelnut. The lady taking our order was surprisingly nice and friendly for working inside a casino on a hot day.My order:Large Iced Latte Hazelnut Swirls: Iced coffee w/ sweet, creamy swirls of HazelnutCreamy and sweet, the drink cooled us down and was quite tasty. The hazelnut flavor was present, but not extremely strong. Not very strong in the caffeine but the yumminess makes up for it.
2	This place runs out of certain donuts at a certain time. I was told it takes 3 hours to make chocolate munchkins.
4	I was so glad to see this was in our hotel! I'm a mid-Westerner living on the West Coast, and I miss my DD so much!! IMO the best coffee in the country!
4	Came here for breakfast & had the ham, egg & cheese sandwich & a cup of coffee with cream & sugar. The first sip was good but as I kept drinking it, there was a really sour taste. I ended up throwing the rest away. I had to take off one star for that. Overall a good experience.
1	Late night breakfast.... Not so great. I was crazy excited and then received the food. Horrible. Coffee good food not so much! :-(
