1	We're trying to do some landscaping here at our humble abode and decided on a pool to be a main focal point and fun for our yard. We had Platinum come out to the house a few weeks ago to help us come up with a plan and give us a quote. The sales guy was fairly nice and gave us the speel. He took some measurements of our backyard and poked his head in saying he would let himself out through the gate cause of some muddy shoes. He also told us he was an old school guy and liked to draw things out by hand. He told us it would take a 3-4 days before we would see anything with a quote. We never heard back. I won't beg people to take my money, but very unprofessional.
1	I filled out the form on their webpage requesting someone to call me for more information. Someone called back that same day, (7/29) and we scheduled an appointment for a designer to come to our house to discuss further. Randy came out on Sat 8/2 and talked to my husband and me for about 10 minutes about what kind of pool we are interested in. He then went in our backyard and took some measurement and then explained that he draws his designs by hand, and it would be a couple days (probably Wed) before he would get a design and quote back to us. It's now 8/30 and we still haven't heard one for back from anyone at Platinum pools and spas.
1	We contracted with Platinum for a pool at our new home build earlier this year.  Platinum had an agreement with our builder to be able to dig early, providing us with a guaranteed 30-day completion timeline upon close.  Since we closed in May, a pool shortly after move-in would be a dream come true.  Unfortunately, this dream quickly became a nightmare.  The project took over 90 days and we never knew if they were going to show up to do work on a particular day or not because there was zero communication unless initiated by us.  In all fairness, there were issues with obtaining the tile for our deck, which was only going to delay us by 10 days to 2 weeks.  When 2 weeks became almost 4, we became "those people" following up every couple of days on the status.  After 4 plus weeks came and went, we had to threaten to contact the Arizona Registrar of Contractors if some action wasn't taken to resolve the issues.  Only then did the owner of the company, Sam, return our calls.  We were given apologies and promises of compensation for the numerous issues we experienced in each call we placed to Sam; yes there were several.  When the time came time for final settlement, minimal compensation was given (less than 3% of the cost of the pool) which was only given because we owed them money due faulty design requiring additional product and expenses not in the initial contracted amount.  The final product is beautiful, however our money would have been better spent with a reputable company with a proven track record for communication and delivery on commitment.
