3	I have always liked Payless. It probably started growing up, as my parents were not well off. And, this was were most of my shoes came from. I have tried the $200 shoes... they last just as long. How long something lasts depends on how well you take care of it!As for this particular store (and the rating). The service is OK...not great. I had to ask for help - I was the only one in the store, so this was a little uncalled for! Easp whe there was 2 workers in the store.Also, when checking out - the phone rang and the lady assisting me answered the phone?  Seemed a little rude, esp when the other person could of answered the phone.
4	The staff at this location are so nice! I really appreciate the fact that they're there when you need them but they don't hover. Unfortunately, as informed by the aforementioned staff, this is not considered a 'high traffic' store so they don't get all of the shoes or all of the sizes that their busier counterparts have. However - if there is a pair you like at another location, they can print you out a receipt for a few dollars off to compensate you for the gas you've spent getting to the other store, as long as you go within 24-hours. That's pretty cool!
2	I came here to return shoes I'd bought online, and a woman I'd never seen was there.  She didn't pop her head out from behind the shelves to see who'd walked in, didn't greet me, didn't ask me if I needed anything.  This woman was rude the entire time, and I actually considered driving to the next Payless in the middle of my transaction just to avoid her bad attitude.  I understand having a bad day, but I felt she was very unprofessional (whiny and childish, even), though she seemed to be in charge of a lot at the store.  At several points she put her hands to her head, elbows on the register, not looking at me, repeating that she didn't understand, and using a calculator to "figure out what was going on".  I've never had this problem at Payless; the receipts are usually pretty clear on what was purchased and how much goes back on my card.  In fact, I've worked in retail and have never had to manually calculate how much a customer gets back, regardless of what coupon they used.  I had planned on exchanging my shoes for a few other pairs I'd seen online, but she made me so uncomfortable, I'll stick to ordering online.  Two stars because the woman I usually see here is friendly and sweet, but this experience was uncomfortable enough that I'll avoid this place for a while.
