2	Ack.  Being Madison's "Favorite Birthday Bar" means you get free cheap beer on your birthday and mug.  But it also means that you have to spend your birthday eating bar food that's easily bested by numerous places within walking distance of the Gritty and enduring the obnoxious sports bar with balloons atmosphere.Any friend that takes you here on your birthday is no friend of yours.
4	"Madison has some of the tastiest burgers that I've ever had. This is a really fun burger house where they serve up delicious charbroiled beef burgers with an awesomely memorable secret sauce."
5	If your birthday need not be a black tie event, the Nitty is the place to go.  Try the Gritty sauce with your fries and you will be hooked.  It's a great place to go with a group of friends to start off your birthday evening.  If you are of age you get to drink free beer all night in addition to keeping the mug.
5	"The place for Birthdays in Madison. Get a free mug with soda or beer (depending on your age) with a balloon attached and drink 'til you drop. Great burgers, especially the kid's sized mini burgers which are perfect for me. Great crowd, reminds me of Cheers in a way. Take a big group for dinner when you are starting out that 21 bar crawl. The owner Marty Shapiro is a Madison celebrity. 5 stars."
3	Fun if you're the type for a loud, hyperactive atmosphere laden with "flair" ala the Office Space variety. They do have good food if you are looking for burgers and fries. Not my place for a birthday but that's mostly because it's not my style. It's obviously well-loved by many in Madison.
3	For as long as I lived in Madison, my nearest and dearest friends and I have always had the moral dilemma of whether to go to the Nitty Gritty for their birthday.  It is true that you get free beer on your birthday and a fancy mug as well.  However, choosing to do so meant you were subjecting some of your best friends to okay food and kitchy sometimes annoying atmosphere.  (That damn birthday song!) Additionally, your friends may have to put up with you if you overindulge on your free brew, and your friends might be crabby about this since they had to pay for THEIR beer.  Nonetheless, some of my dearest rave about the Gritty sauce and my friend flew BACK to Madison from the west coast on his 26th just to go to the Gritty.  (maybe to see some friends, who knows about that kid)In sum, there's all of your Wisconsin typical favorites: cheese curds, beer, burgers, beer, and a Friday Fish Fry.  If you have a more sophisticated birthday/drinking/eating palate, I suggest you stay away.
2	I went here with a friend while visiting Madison. Their burgers look great online and in ads. I thought they were just OK. I wasn't impressed. It wasn't bad but not all that great either. Culver's has a better burger if you ask me.
3	Nice little place, and the free mug thing is pretty cool. I am informed they hardly card *anyone*, but I'm not sure whether that's the case or not. Nothing too huge, but it is a tradition, and it's kinda cute.
3	The medium-well cheddar burger here at times edges out Dotty Dumplings Dowry, but at other moments loses, since depending on the night, it is missing a charbroiled flavor and lacks freshness. Granted, the fries are a bit bland and require you to pepper and salt the heck out of them. Nitty Gritty's breaded mushrooms also lack oomph, but honestly, as an "appetizer," they are big enough for an entire meal!Major bonus points for their cornmeal encrusted chicken strips which will not leave your hands coated with grease at all. Nitty Gritty's special sauce, a combination of ketchup and mayonaise, works for them. Their honey weiss beer offsets the good food nicely. Clean wood interior with plenty of seating that does not look as old as it is. I see Wisconsin alumni here with their families, which shows that this is not a place you really roll your eyes at after undergrad.As for the birthday deal? Although I sometimes like to make fun of the faux enthusiasm the employee behind the bar has to muster up to announce the names, one cannot argue that it's nice to be recognized on your special day - even though it is plenty cheesy. Yes, the song should be nixed completely.I also like that they play 80s songs here, but their volume is juuuust right so you do not have to shout or strain to hear your friends.
4	After having my birthday at this bar for four straight years - it was a rude awakening when I turned 23 and didn't live near the Gritty to get my Gritty burger, birthday mug, and to hear my name shout loud and proud over the loud speaker. Fond memories were made here...Moving on... this is a great restaurant/bar for just about anyone. It's UW themed, great on football Saturdays, and of course known as "the" birthday bar. Check it out if you're a student, prospective student, or just new to Madison. Get the gritty sauce.
3	I've been here a couple of times, and it isn't bad, but I really have found nothing great here that can't be found elsewhere in Madison. The burgers are ok, but Amy's and Dotty's both are better at making burgers. The drink selection I remember being decent, but nothing special. That's pretty much all I have to say about the Nitty Gritty.
3	The year all of my friends and I turned 21 was a long year spent at the Gritty.  One birthday after another...and I must honestly say I never got sick of it.  I was here my 21st birthday and 22nd and I should have two really nice mugs but both years I managed to somehow lose them in all the free beer fun I was having.  Drinks are a little more expensive (probably to compensate for the free beer).  I've heard both good and bad about the food here from others but I must say I've never had any problems and do love their waffle fries.  I'll probably be here again for my birthday this year although it's on a Sunday.
3	Not my favorite bar in Madison nor is it my favorite burger in Madison, but the place does have a corner on the birthday market. Hell, it is tradition and it can even be a lot of fun (especially if there is a balloon artist lurking about).  They do have a pretty good beer selection (I love when they get in any brew that Capitol only made small batches of) and it can be a good place to spend an afternoon watching sports. Drinks can be a bit costly, but enough people are willing to pay it.  It can get a little hectic when there are events at the Kohl Center though and it can be damn near impossible to get a drink on the weekend nights.
2	I've come to the Nitty Gritty more times than I'd like to admit.  I've eaten here upwards of 5 times, and not one of those times have been remarkable in any way, shape, or form.  At best, the food is just okay.  It's always teeming with loud partygoers, even in the restaurant.  This is too much for me when I'm just trying to eat food.  Thus, I wouldn't recommend it if you just want to eat food and are not celebrating yours, or someone else's birthday.The very worst part is that you have to hear the "Happy Birthday" song (not the one you're thinking of--a hellish variant) about 18 times while you're there.The good parts?  Excellent (and I do mean excellent) drink specials most nights.  Prompt bar service.  Free mug with the year on it for your birthday (with all the beer or soda you can handle).  Pictures of past partygoers on the wall to snicker at.
3	I've gone to the Gritty on my birthday every year since I turned 21.  It's become a bit of a tradition that I meet up with my parents and grandmother for lunch or dinner, and this year was no different.  I enjoy coming here on my birthday to get my free beer & mug, but other than this and friends' birthdays I can't really say that I would regularly visit.  The meals are usually pretty good.  I get the Grittyburger every year on my birthday - as others have said, it's not my favorite burger in Madison but it's not a disappointment.  This year mine was slightly dry, but this is due to me ordering it done medium well.  Regardless, I enjoyed it like always.  My parents didn't enjoy their food as much.  My mother said the caesar salad was watery, and both she and my father also thought their Spotted Cows tasted a bit off.  Even so, we had a great time overall for my birthday.  I always feel a bit awkward when the servers come out and sing "Happy Birthday" but I suppose if they don't mind I really shouldn't.  For the most part the service is great.  I've always appreciated the bartenders here in that they're always quick and efficient.  The waitstaff are usually very attentive and pleasant, and I can't think of too many unfavorable experiences myself.When I've come for others' birthdays I've had more varied experiences.  I generally try something different on the menu.  Last time I had the teriyaki chicken sandwich - very good.  The appetizers are along the standard line of cheese curds and other fried food, and the spinach dip is pretty good too.  However, when I've just met up for drinks it can get a bit boring.  The atmosphere can come off a bit forced, and it can get a bit too loud.  The birthday song they play is close to the most annoying song ever.  It's guaranteed to get stuck in your head for days afterwards.  Overall the Gritty is the kind of place that most everyone can agree on, which makes it great for getting people together on a birthday.  I would recommend skipping when there's a home game at the Kohl Center, because the Gritty has a truncated Game Day menu like many other places in the vicinity.  But on any other night the Gritty serves as a pretty decent place to get your birthday celebration started.
2	Free beer is cool and the prices are right.  The burgers are mediocre at best.  The bun was stale, they forgot the special sauce and the sides were just ok.  Meh.  I don't hate it but its certainly not even close to the best burger in town.
1	What's the point? Oh right, free mug and beer. But wouldn't you rather pay money for good beer and have the added bonus of letting your friends enjoy the evening too?Almost tempted to give another star just for the pleasure of seeing two blood-thirsty vegetarians shotgun a cornucopia of game in Deer Hunter.
4	As far as college students go, this is the place to be for birthdays and pregaming. For birthdays, you get all-you-can-drink free beer, mug, a tiny sundae and a balloon. My friends and I all love the cheese curds with gritty sauce and the gritty burgers. Power hour (every night from 10-11pm) has $1 mixers and is the best bar to begin drinking at.
3	If you like TGI Fridays, you'll love Nitty Grittys. The story on the back of the menu made me a little bit sad - how they went from counterculture to birthday restaurant. But the Cole slaw was good and the sourdough bread for the patty melt was really good. Good lunch service.
2	great niche.  People go in cuz of the awesome birthday deal.  Minus that it's pretty much just there.  Food's decent.
3	Everyone has to stop in here for at least one bday if they are living in Madison!  Free souvenier mug filled with free beer (or soda) all day/night!That being said, I almost always refuse to come here.  It is usually way too jam packed, the music is the same every night, and the crowd is generally really, really young.... like, most have used fakes to get in young.I did work here a few summers ago, which enabled me to sample quite a bit of their food.  Suprisingly, they do have a good, homemade veggie burger.  With some of their waffle fries and gritty sauce on the side...mmmmmmm!  They also have really good cheese curds and it is sad to say but I also like their nachos!  And their daily specials are usually pretty good as well.
2	There's really not a whole lot about the Nitty Gritty that needs to be said other than this: It's OK at best.The food isn't amazing, the drinks are mediocre, and the atmosphere is loud and generally overcrowded. It's nothing to write home about, but when it's your birthday--why not? Free stuff isn't a bad reason to come here, but there's no reason to come here otherwise when there's much better places to go.
5	Love the food. Birthdays rock at the Gritty. Met some awesome other people who share my special day. And they were all different ages. great to party with the older crowd! Burgers are big, juicy and have great toppings. I'll go back even if it's not my birthday.
2	I do not understand the hype over the Nitty Gritty. This place is honestly one of the lousiest bars AND one of the lousiest restaurants on campus. They just have a brilliant marketing scheme going for them, which associates the Nitty with birthdays and everything UW. The burgers here are mediocre at best, but usually err more on the side of diarrhea-inducing. They're steeped in enough grease to give even the toughest fat man a stomachache, and the meat is reminiscent of a McDonald's Big and Nasty. Going here for a drink is usually a complete shitshow; it gets so crowded and loud in here that you can't have a conversation with someone sitting across the table from you, or make a trip to the bathroom without weaving in and out of people like a fucked-up roomba. The people aren't too bad, but if as-college-as-it-gets isn't your thing, you'll feel out of place. However, there is a slightly lower proportion of frat boys here than your average campus bar.
2	The Nitty Gritty seems to be a popular place to hang out in Madison, but I don't see the charm. I mean it's a typical pub/bar that specializes in celebrating birthdays, but besides the celebrating the birth of ones life there's nothing special about this place. I've been here twice and each time received poor service at the bar. I can't speak for the food or table service, but the food didn't look like anything special.I also think the only reason this place is ever full is because Madison lacks decent bars and people have limited options.
4	This place i am giving 4 stars. It isn't the most wonderful place in the world but it is a Madison classic. It is always great to go there and get your birthday glass and baloon and drink free beer all night. Of course they give you some other drinks free but thats also why your friends are there too. The food is cheap with huge portions and it is always delicious and prepared well. It isn't a place to go all the time to hang out at but happy hour and $1 drinks on tuesday nights is a pretty good deal so ill still give this madison favorite 4 stars.(after 10:00PM for the $1 drinks)
3	i went here for my birthday by myself (my hubby was away for work).  The food was good and the birthday sundae was fun.  They will even write your name on a board and read them off wishing you a happy birthday.  My server even volunteered to sing Happy Birthday to me, what a sweetie.  Just a good all around experience.
4	A Madison classic!Free beer (or soda) all night long on your birthday! Plus, they have the world's smallest sundaes!The food isn't AMAZING, it is pretty typical bar food, although the Gritty Sauce is pretty epic, both on their burgers and as dipping sauce for their fries. You also get a lot of bang for your buck, I can never finish a burger and fries.Don't expect homemade french fries or anything exotic, it is all pretty generic, but exists as a Madison tradition more than anything else.Great for big groups of people - they are used to it, so they accommodate really well. They are also used to obnoxious drunkies, so they are pretty patient while you are celebrating your big day.I would never stand in line to come here for a night of drinking, but as a celebration restaurant, it is great. The free mug has been a staple in my dishware
3	It's a birthday bar.  If it is not your birthday (or your friends b-day) I would avoid.  Too many families and kids.
5	Madison classic, it is. You know usually when you come to a restaurant, a host will greet you, take you to a table, and waiter will come out and ask you what would you like to drink. At that point, I already knew what to order: THE Gritty Burger, no pickles, extra sauce on the side please. Less than ten minutes after that, my food will come right on the table. Their fries are also unusually always very good, even though they don't look like anything special at all. Fun place to celebrate a birthday, fun place to watch games together with your friends, fun place to g et an unlimited beer on your own birthday. Enough said.
4	I was pleased with the juicy burgers, big portions and very excellent fried items.  I had the BBC burger with mushrooms, mini corn dogs, deep fried curds, waffle fries, regular fries, coleslaw and chicken fingers.  I loved it all. The beer selection is great and there are a lot of local beers on tap.  Too bad it wasn't my birthday or else I could've gotten free beers all night.  It was pretty empty the night I went, but this seems unusual from the other reviews.  There's also some outdoor seating.The waitstaff seems to vary quite a bit in terms of competency.  We sat down at the same time as the table next to us and they had all their food before we even had silverware or napkins.
4	While in WI for a wedding we had occasion to stop in and grab a bite.  And it was a very good thing we did. The food was great, and the service even better.Now, I am not a big fan of the overt birthday celebration, or the scores of waitstaff singing off key...but here, it was pretty nice to hear them do it for various patrons.  So yes, if in town on my birthday I wouldn't mind them singing for me.
4	Last year was my first year living in Madison and I avoided this place on my birthday due to the reviews. Being in my late 20's, I thought it'd be too young for me and our group (parents were attending). After spending more time in Madison, I heard so many people recommend it, if not just to say you did it, so I decided to enjoy a birthday meal here. All in all, I really can't say I was disappointed. They were easily able to accommodate a table of seven on a Saturday night (we waited for about five-10 minutes). The staff seemed exhausted (Badger game earlier that day) but still polite (even if our waiter got multiple things wrong). The free beer was a selection of any of their (roughly 20?) taps, which made me happy. The crowd wasn't obnoxious -- a bit loud at times, but that was to be expected. And the food wasn't horrible -- I was able to upgrade the beef in my burger to a higher quality (listed on the menu) and the pretzel roll it was served on was fabulous. The fries and cheese curds, though I'm sure they're from a food distributor, were still really good. Yes, predominately bar food, but they had options and kicked it up a few notches quality wise. Of course there are better/more unique places in Madison, but that isn't always the reason you go out. We left after dinner, so I don't know anything about the bar/late crowd.
4	Ate upstairs- food was good, its quintessential bar food, very similar to what you would get from the competition, I'm sure.  I had the Grittyburger, kids enjoyed the mini corn dogs, and were seated close to TVs to watch end of the football game.  Nice.  Pitcher of beer a little steep, but service was fast, we were able to get in and out in about 45 minutes, a good thing when we're going to the hockey game.  Ate upstairs, had a nice table where you could see and was nice and bright before the sun went down.  Loud.
4	A poem to the Gritty...Oh Nitty Gritty, I have spent much time at your bar,Eating cheese cards and imbibing in too many drinks, by far.Your Gritty sauce never ceases to amaze me,I would celebrate many birthdays here if I wasn't absentee.When I visit Madison, I enjoy swinging by,For a burger, a beer or just to say hi.
2	Great location before a UW hoop game, gets crowded, good beer selection. Food isn't the best, average pub food
3	Fun atmosphere and great burgers, but the rest of the food is just ok and it does get pretty crowded
2	I've been to the Nitty Gritty about four or five times before hockey games and always enjoyed it. The bar was full, a bit tough to get a bar but expected, and it seemed like a great time. We recently went there to watch the NCAA Football National Championship. I thought it'd be a nice place for a group of about 8 of us to watch it. The game wasn't on when we got there, and we mentioned we wanted to watch it and they sat us where we could see the game and then put the game on. There were a few tables of people in the bar with people, and all of us were interested in the game. However, they would not turn the sound on. We asked the waitress, and she spoke to the manage, and the returned to tell us sorry but she couldn't. We didn't really understand why, as everyone wanted to watch it, so we asked to talk to the manager. He came over and said his boss wouldn't let him do it, but he'd be happy to send this person over. Ok, we'll keep doing this, we thought. Yes, please send him over. Well that person never arrived. We waited and waited for about 20-30 min for the person to give us a reason why they wouldn't turn the sound on for a game that everyone was watching. We got fed up and walked over to the Steak and Lube that had the game on with sound and a lot of people watching it. I do not think I'll be heading back to the Nitty Gritty (unless it's before a hockey game) anytime soon.
3	Pretty cool place.. we live out of state and were in town for business and looking to experience madison and were directed here.The place was pretty busy upon arrival and we posted up at the bar.  Power hour then started at ten which was awesome.. Cheap drop shots etc for an hour and this place just went nuts..Food seemed pretty good as we all got burgers and I think at some point cheese curds as well.Cool place, the birthday thing is pretty sweet as well.  On your bday- you drink all night for free? i think.I will return
3	I went there for dinner last night with my girlfriend. Our waitress was friendly; the burgers were good but nothing special. It was a pretty good experience but I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
2	Food-1 star. All through out college I tried very hard not to succumb to birthday dinner peer pressure. The gritty sauce is not good & I always leave nitty feeling like a train rammed into me. For a good burger, try dotty.Bar-3.5stars-only worth going during power hour. They raised the prices since I went to college, now a whopping $1.25 for a mixed drink, Madison I think I can afford this ;) the music is always Good but never new top hits, & the place is packed. I would never stay. Here past 11:15, leave & go to another bar!SKIP the FOOD.
4	Good place for burgers when eating out with a mixture of carnivores & vegetarians. Birthdays too.
4	Food was fine. The ringing of the "Birthday bell" was very obtrusive and I had to knock down a star.
2	Eh, not my favorite. The crowd is a smattering of college kids as well as older folks celebrating their 10th? 11th? 12th? 21st birthday anniversary. It's a strange combination.Drinks are weak during their $1.25 rail drink hour. Seriously, I'd rather pay a few bucks more and get a full-strength beverage. The only thing I found impressive at the bar was how trashed my friends managed to get off of $20 worth of booze.
3	Do you ever get an irresistible urge to scream out to an entire bar, "shots for everyone"? Well, during the Nitty Gritty's $1.25 power hour special, you can fulfill those stupid urges of yours, without breaking the bank.  But then again, I got trashed off $20 worth of booze, so I might not be the best person to consult with about dumb urges.
3	I've only been here for birthdays. Nitty Gritty offers free drinks for your birthday. Why not? What else can you ask for?The burger of the day is a good surprise every now and then, but I like the Big Grit because it's their biggest burger. It's loud here, but that's expected. Lots of college kids being obnoxious and all.
5	The best birthday bar in the country! I have been going to the Middleton location and the downtown Madison location since I was very young. I celebrate every birthday there and always enjoy coming back. They have great food and a great atmosphere. If it is you or your friend's birthday, make sure you grab a bite to eat here!
3	I'm happy to see people consistently rating this 2-3 stars because the food is standard pub food--nothing exceptional. When I had first moved to Madison for some reason we ate here all the time (Current Tally of Birthday mugs: 5). I say the only reason to eat here is for a friends birthday (if they want a mug).  Though it isn't a bad place to eat before or after a Badger game though it is pretty busy at those times--I'd more identify this as a classic place to get a beer when you are in your Badger gear, they always have the good/standard Wisconsin Craft Beers. And a happy note for those who have the full collection of colored birthday mugs--They upgraded their birthday mugs to something a little more classy. So come on down!
5	Power hour cannot be beat. Amazing burgers, salads, cheese curds, nachos, wraps, and I am assuming everything else. Great place for birthday dinners and post-dinner festivities.
2	Eh.  It is nothing special.  Sure you get to drink free beer on your birthday but then you have to deal with the large number of students.  The prices are high for the people you go with.  I want to like that place, but the truth is the other bars have the same things to offer for lower prices.  Their specials and COMPLETELY inconvenient.  I get it.  Pull people in during your slow hours but they are too inconvenient.  I am a girl who likes to drink and stay out but the Nitty Gritty is just not worth it.  Sorry I do feel bad.  Oh, wait, I don't.  Bars are a dime a dozen in Madison, so do something to stand out!
5	The falafel burger was delicious! This is THE place in Madison to go for a birthday dinner. It's pretty cheap, the bar is good, and the food is dependably delicious.
1	I will only go back for a friend's birthday, if it's the only venue at which I can join them.  Worst.  Nachos.  Ever.  Stale, apparently covered with Velveeta, with black olives sprinkled as an afterthought.  Whoever assembled ours didn't know the distinction between jalapenos and peperoncini.  The "homemade salsa" wasn't even "Wisconsin spicy".The burgers are OK, but there are much better venues.  Dotty's is half a block away and has much better food.If you must go, rest assured that they have a decent craft beer selection.
5	Despite having been going here for years and I've never been disappointed in any of the food that I've tried.  I'm very interested in the breakfast that just began.  Drink specials are generally fantastic and obviously it's the only place to go for birthdays.
3	The nitty has good food and is great for birthdays, but it's not exceptional. The food is overpriced, and they charge 18% gratuity on every check, which is fine as long as you're getting great service. Like I said its awesome for birthdays (free drinks) but it's more of a tradition than a choice.I do have to add the gritty sauce is AMAZING and extremely addictive.
3	What can I say? Its a bar that serves free drinks on your birthday- its big, it serves food... great cheese curds.  I would 100% go back, only with friends.  But I suppose for how full it was when I was there, you could easily stand for say (22-seconds) before you meet someone to share a drink with.Go, enjoy, drink, happy birthday.
1	I was very disappointed with my brunch experience at the Nitty. I ordered the cheese curd burrito and it had zero cheese curds in it. The eggs were terrible and you couldn't pay me to eat the breakfast potatoes. Their special "gritty" sauce may be the most disgusting thing ever, it was created by a truly disturbed person how wanted to inflict pain on someone.Their bloody marys taste like cheap watered down tomato juice and have no flavour. The food also takes an obnoxiously long time to come out. If you like horrible food and long wait times this place is for you!
3	It was before a Saturday night Badger Hockey game, and the place was crowded. We had a group of 4 but didn't have to wait too long for a table. The service was pretty good, but my wife ordered a prime rib steak sandwich. What she got was some kind of shaved beef that she equated with a Steak-ums pre-packaged sandwich. For $11, you would think you might get a little better quality of meat that is billed as prime rib.
1	The most awful experience I've ever had at a bar. Ordered cheese curds and it took more than an hour for them to come. The manager threatened to kick me out because I expressed my displeasure that my food was taking forever. Are you kidding me? NEVER go here for food. Only take advantage of their power hour specials....that's all Nitty is good for. AWFUL EXPERIENCE
5	I can't believe they are getting bad reviews! The Gritty is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. The quality and service has gotten better and better. Their menu is larger every year. This place is iconic and should never get a bad review...ever!
2	Eh.
4	The drinks were ridiculously cheap, the service was good and I met some really awesome folks here. From what I gathered, this place is a Madison landmark. Crowded, but I came on a night when the Badgers B-ball team was playing a home game at The Kohl Center, which is only two or three blocks away. Can't speak on the food. I think the folks giving this place one and two star reviews need to lighten up.
5	I'm a sucker for nostalgia. That's why I  make sure to hit the Nitty on every visit to Madtown. I celebrated many a birthday here as a Badger and have definitely indulged my fair share of Power Hours. Like many of Madison's eateries, the Nitty has a vast tap selection with an emphasis on local breweries like Ale Asylum and New Glarus. If you're a beer fan--and if you're reading this in WI, you probably are--you gotta go.While many come here just for power hour, the eats are really as good as it gets in terms of pub food. The deep fried cheese curds are always a hit, and even the nachos are stellar. Oh, and while many would be quick to disagree with me, I think the Nitty might do the best burgers in Madison. Better than Dottie's, Brickhouse, or even The Old Fashioned. The Nitty's burgers are always juicy, and there are maybe twenty of them to choose from. My personal favorite is the Pretzel Bender, which comes topped with a godly slice of Wisconsin cheddar, homemade pretzel mustard, and a massive onion ring. Whatever burger you get though, make sure to get a side of Nitty Sauce with it. It's essentially a creamier, fattier Thousand Island. So bad for you..but so good.A trip to Madison isn't complete without a stop at the Nitty Gritty. Eating there will make you feel like you're in college all over again.
3	I need to start going here for my birthday, but I seem to have this weird curse on me when it comes to this place. Every time a friend has a birthday and plans on having their party here, I get a really bad cold. It never happens when they plan to go anywhere else, but it's happened for six or more birthdays. I'm a little nervous to make plans to go here for my own birthday. I don't want to end up sick!Well I sucked it up and came to two of the parties. The food was pretty good, but over priced in my opinion. It also took forever to get it all.The drinks weren't bad, but I really think the only appeal is to come here and get the free drinks on your birthday. My friends participated in the special hours, whatever they were, and they said the prices weren't bad during that time slot.
1	Due to the theme/gimmick of the Nitty, it's one of those places that as a student/downtown resident, you'll inevitably end up here at least once for a birthday bash. And everytime that i'm invited to a get together here, I get a sinking feeling, and moan outloud to myself, knowing that i'm going to have a not so great night planned. My main 2 problems with the Nitty are the two things I go out for: Good food, and a pleasant atmosphere. SPOILER: They're lacking in both.Concerning the food: I didn't find any of their appetizers particularly memorable anytime I went there. So, they weren't bad, but not anything I can't have done better at other places. When I had their burgers a few years ago, I had a similar sentiment about them. They aren't bad, but i'd rather have a burger at the Old Fashioned or even The Plaza. But, in the last couple years, I became a vegetarian, and luckily for me (or so I thought), the Nitty has veggie burgers! But, there's one problem with that: The veggie patties there suck. Like really bad. Like so bad that I only ate three bites of the burger I ordered before putting it down for good. And they have the nerve to charge more for them too. Good veggie patties definitely exist (See: DLUX, The Echo Tap, The Harmony Bar), so i'd recommend that the chefs here take some notes from those restaurant's books. Just the fact that a place would serve something so awful takes their entire menu down a couple notches.Concerning the atmosphere: It's just too tacky and in your face for me to tolerate. All over the walls are pictures of people who celebrated birthdays at the Nitty ( I even saw one of my friends when he was like 2!). Like I know it's their theme, but it's still pretty corny. If you dare step out of the dining room, and into the bar, then you're in for a real nightmare. It takes forever to get a drink, and the music they play is so deafeningly loud and horrible (Tangent: I know music taste is subjective, but their playlist really rubs me the wrong way, because I hate hate HATE hair metal with every fiber of my being, and i'm pretty sure the selector here isn't aware that music after the year 1995 exists), that you literally have to scream at the top of your lungs just to have the bartender or anyone you want to have a conversation with hear you. I'm not even exaggerating about how loud it is; Like i'm legit concerned that they're committing OSHA violations for forcing employees to work in a setting where they'll lose their hearing. It's even worse during "Power Hour" (10-11 PM), where a plethora of bottom tier liquors and piss waters (or "domestics" as some call it) are ultra cheap. Avoid being there at that time at all costs.On second thought, just avoid going here regardless of the time of day. You might be able to squeak by a tolerable experience due to the menu having some decent items and most of the wait/bar staff being nice, but more often than not, you'll have wished that you went somewhere else for your bash.
5	I have been going to the nitty gritty since 1998 (and I have the birthday mugs to prove it). Tonight I went back, and got this burger with peppers and onion straws on Texas toast. It was amazing. I also got cheese curds on the side. Here's the deal with why ordering this was so exciting. I have a severe fish allergy. And anything even deep fried in the same oil as fish, I can't touch or I'll get really sick. I asked the bartender if he could check for me. Monday-Thursday they have fish free oil, and even a separate fryer. He let me know that Fridays are the only day they have fried fish and they change the oil every Monday. He also put in a special note about my allergy so they would put my stuff in the non-fish fryer and they would take special care. When I have an allergy attack, it sets in about 15 minutes after I eat the contaminated food. It has been over an hour since I've eaten and I'm feeling great. There aren't many places I can eat fried food in Madison, it's nice to know a place I've been going to for over a decade takes extra care for those with allergies. Thank you nitty gritty, it means the world to me.
4	This was my first time in a Birthday Bar! I think that it is a great concept and it was very nice to see so many people celebrating their Bdays at the same time. They give away a bday balloon and a day mug plus you get your name on bday board. The drinks we ordered were blah, but when we were there barcardi was giving away drinks plus the bar gave shots to people celebrating their bday. I wish I have one of this around for my next bday
3	Great burgers and free drinks on your birthday. However, they have apparently started taking reservations (something they didn't do in the past). If you don't have one, prepare to be condescended to by their snooty host, who seems unable to believe that people don't make dinner reservations at bars.
3	Friends of mine wanted to go here to celebrate some birthdays. It was cute - they gave the birthday ladies each a mug with a balloon tied to it, and they could go up to a special place at the bar to get free drinks all night. The free drinks were draught beers and a few basic mixed drinks, I think. It's very kitschy and this is the official birthday place. I ordered a burger, and it was perfectly good. Nothing to write home about, and it's good for groups. We came on a weeknight so I can't say anything about crowdedness. Seems like it's most fun if you're the one celebrating your birthday :) And free drinks all night - you can't complain about that!
4	It depends what you're looking for. This is a great sports bar with a chill atmosphere. The service is good, and there is always a drink special. The food is decent, nothing outstanding but if you're hungry you won't be disappointed.
1	This place should be avoided. Both the food and service are horrible, and there are much better restaurants in the city of Madison that deserve the business. On my most recent trip to this establishment, my server forgot about our table for about 20 minutes. We sat with our menus open, looking around for her to walk by so that we could flag her down. We finally had to ask a different server to go get her, which is when she finally came to take our order. No apology from her for the delay. When the food came, it was disappointing at best. The Brisket sandwich was made with a horrible type of meat, not sure if could even call it meat. The fries were good, but those are probably from a frozen bag that they pop in the deep fryer. This place is not worth a second chance. Would definitely recommend checking out the other burger restaurants in the city that have both good food and good service.
