5	Very nice place ,  the ladies are very polite and friendly I would recommend  any one go there and get one of the best massage's you have every had and only 30 dollars , very good deal !!!
5	This place is legit!  I've only had a few massages in my life but this one was pretty epic.  I went in for a 30 minute chair massage and came out feeling like a brand new man.  It's strange that the sign outside says "Foot Massage" but don't let that fool you.  The chair massage is not a chair massage.  You get to layout and relax.  30 minutes...$30 bucks?  No problem!  Marc was the guy who took care of me.  Tipped $20 he did such a good job.  Highly recommend!
3	Went there for the 1st time last week with my daughter.  Very friendly staff and clean.
5	Went to this place tonight at about 930, even though the sign was off theyh still let me in. This place is great! The foot massage was out of this world. I have been to a lot of massage places and this one was extremely relaxing and they were very accommodating. I absolutely recommend! You can't beat the price!
1	One I the worst massage experiences ever.  For 90 minutes all I heard was the therapist chewing gum, people loudly talking and walking in and out, plus actual elevator music - the bad renditions of 80's songs.  The technique was not even poor - it was non-existent.  The massage consisted of slight pressing by barely leaning.  When the receptionist asked if I enjoyed it I said no and told her about the gum chewing and poor massage.  All she said was, "oh, that was rude."  She then asked if I had a loyalty card or if this was my first time.  I said it was my first and last time.  She replied, "Well, that will be $45."   UNBELIEVABLE.
5	I walked in expecting a pleasant foot massage.  What I received was far more than what I paid for. For $30 you just can't beat it.  I'd choose this type of massage over a traditional any day of the week. Walk in, give this place a try, you'll enjoy it. I know I did!
5	I've been coming here now about twice a week. and I must say. Yoyo really gives the best messages, I have been to a lot of massage places and to be honest she is one of the best and I highly continue to recommend.Also her scheduling is really flexible as well, which makes it really great, especially since I usually come in around 830 because of my work schedule.
4	I was a little worried when I laid down to relax for the massage and Kenny G was blasting "White Christmas." But my fear was quickly erased once the massage started. I opted for the 60 min for $30 which I think is a steal of a deal, I would have gone for the 90 mins for $45 but they didn't have any availability for that when i walked in. The pressure was great, the gentleman that worked on me really worked out the area's that had knots and i walked out of there super relaxed. The place is clean, the staff was very friendly and the hours are great too. (They are open 7 days a week from 10am to 10pm.) I definitly recommend indulging a little and go get your self a foot massage, great value for your dollar at YoYo Foot Massage!
5	We have been to several reflexology/foot massage places between CA and AZ. We decided to try this one because it is local (5mjns) but were skeptical because of the name and they are fairly new...Yoyo is pleasantly comparable to the other foot massage places. Their rooms are spacious and clean, the staff is friendly and most of all the over all the pressure of the massage is perfect! You leave feeling relaxed but yet energized. All for $30 and 1 hour of enjoyable pain :)We were very happy with our visit and will definitely go back again.
3	Very inexpensive you get a lot of time for your money. Walk-ins are not as easily available was I wish they would I've been turned down three times for walk/ins. You also never know what you're going to get you go in for reflexology and you end up with deep tissue massage, ouch! They are not very good English so you pretty much can't communicate with them you just give them the money and you get what you get! Today I had knees in my back, ouch.  And a very aggressive head scratching session, ouch! The footwork and arm and handwork is nice, I just wish when I only wanted reflexology I can get something not so painful.  But for $30 you pretty much get what you get!!
4	A nice quiet place to get a massage. The inside is very well done, and the ladies I met spoke decent English. The massage was good. They have somewhat rough hands, but they constantly ask how the pressure is so you're never in too much pain.
4	The place has big rooms and clean. I wished the rooms where a little darker. Other than that the massage was good and i will be returning again.
5	I tried all the foot massage places in Gilbert and this is the best one. Very relax and clean atmosphere. The gentleman that who on me has strong hands and detailed techniques. Can't be better for this hour of massage!
