1	I went to a different Rosati's last night (Bell Rd.) and the service was amazing, the food was amazing, and everyone was really friendly. I came to this Rosati's tonight and I was completely appalled. They do not accept coupons from the Internet, they badmouthed the other store, the prices are higher, and they're less flexible with their menu. For example, I wanted a Caesar salad with my ribs, but I had to pay extra. They went on to tell me all the other stores are fake and they are the one and best. They were goofing off, rude, and not wearing gloves. Obviously this is mismanagement. Ugh. I won't waste my money here.
5	We have ordered pizza twice in the past week from the Tempe branch of Rosati's and it was amazing. We had the first order delivered, and they were there when they said they would be. The second order we picked up ourselves, and it was ready and waiting. The staff were friendly, the place was clean and the pizza was delicious. If we lived around here we would definitely use Rosati's as our local pizzerria.
4	Really great pizza. We ordered over the phone for deliver and the lady was really nice, professional, and courteous. We received our delicious, Chicago-style deep dish order within 30-40 minutes and the order was exactly what we wanted. I wish they had left it in the oven a minute or two more so that the center crust was a little more cooked, but it still tasted amazing.  We scarfed it down like it was no one's business.
5	Pizza is great! Remind me of back home.  The cheese is out of this world. And I can tell they take pride in their food since I found this place I haven't order pizza no where else
3	Stopped and grabbed a sandwich, wanted something different than subway tonight.....italian beef with cheese and hot peppers.....not bad!!
1	WORST PIZZA I have ever ordered and had delivered. I just got a new job today, I do not normally eat pizza, but was feeling great, and felt like I could splurge. I was going to go to Classic Italian Pizza, but thought I would try Rosati's Pizza since they were closer to my house. What a fool I was. I ordered a Med. pizza, with pineapple, olives, and pepperoni, and received a cheese pizza barely sprinkled with anything. What a let down, especially since I had waited so long for the pizza. Four of the pieces were pathetic. A piece had 1 pineapple on it, another piece had 2 olives, a third piece had NO INGREDIENTS on it except the cheese, and the fourth piece had half a slice of salami. Not only were ingredients lacking but, the crust was also burnt on a quarter of it. I would of done better picking up a cheap $5 pizza from pizza hut. I will NEVER order from here again. Besides the pizza, the delivery guy didn't even ask if I wanted peppers, cheese, or even leave me napkins! what the hell! Never again, never ordering here again.
