5	All I can say is wow. It should be called great burger!!! Had a classic cheese burger. It is a great price at 4.99 it's a double quarter pounder with double cheese. They even asked if I wanted it flame broiled. It's inside the chevron gas station which is also one of the cleanest stations around here with some of the friendliest staff around!We will be back again and again!
1	This is the replacement for Dave's Original Hamburgers in the Chevron gas station in Copper Basin.  We had no idea that Dave's had secured a new location and went there a week ago.  We thought they might have just gotten a new look,   It wasn't until we were ordering and commenting on the new menu that we began to realize it was not the same owners or establishment.  Indeed, we asked twice before we were told they moved and this was an entirely different franchise, but still wanted to give them a chance.  ( the counter person seemed very put off that we were asking about how things had changed, even though the menu was incredibly similar)The result?  Extremely disappointing.  True, they are just beginning at this location, so they may get better with both food and service, but we found the service....not necessarily rude, but more indifferent.  My husbands double burger was extremely salty, while mine had almost no seasoning at all.  Cheese was American cheese not melted onto the burger at all, and while I ordered mine with jalepenos, we watched while they plated it to go, forgot the jalepenos,  reopened the box and added them with bare hands, from the brined container.  The onion rings we ordered were a sad replacement of Dave's, soggy with excess oil, a sure sign that their fryer was not up to temperature, and with no salt added afterward.  Both my husband and I spent the remainder of the day with our stomachs griping at us. No food poisoning, just very unsettled.  Hopefully they will do better in the future, but for now I'd advise to avoid it.
4	A solid burger at a good price. Big and greasy just like I like them. As noted by others this is in a gas station and there is limited seating.
4	It was delicious.   First time there since it changed owners.    It was great, the Chicago dog was perfect.
4	Good burger perfect seasoning.  Had the Chicago dog too which was perfect. Will go back when I'm to busy to cook.
5	I came to good burger today and had the special: triple burger any style for $6.99. The burger was really good and the onion rings were awesome. I can't believe there is this good of a burger in a gas station. I came here a month ago and had the philly cheese with cheesy tator tots. That was really good also. If your in the area try this place out. It's inside the chevron gas station in copper basin. The prices are on point too. Thumbs up for me. I'll be back!
3	Went again tonight because the reviews were so good and wanted to give them another chance.   Have to say,  The service was excellent.   Joey, the cook and counter person made it totally worth going there.   He was absolutely the kindest,  nicest person ever!  Got 2 double bacon cheeseburgers and onion rings for both.   Even after the 10 minute drive home with them the onion rings were still very crispy.   Not soggy at all, and the onions tender,  but still lacked some flavor.   The burgers were cooked well,  not dry, but not especially juicy and seasoned nicely.  The house dressing of chipotle mayo was good.  The ranch for the onion rings was a standard buttermilk ranch and you can also get an ok Thousand Island dressing on the side,  like the ranch,  a standard bottled version,  but ok.  Overall a good experience and Joey, with his excellent personality,  made it very good.   It's still not Daves Burgers, which has,  very sadly,  closed due to family health issues,  but much better than our first experience there just after they opened. Oh, and to the mother that was there with her 2 beautiful girls, having dinner and yelling, severely insulting and berating them the entire time for everyone to hear (the kids were like 8 and 4 and behaving quite well)  I hope you will grow up and realize what beautiful kids you have and never again treat them so poorly in public.   Everyone in the area heard you, commented and were honestly hurting for those girls.
5	My son and I decided to stop here for lunch on our way home and I'm so glad we did.  I went with the southwestern burger that was on special and it was amazing! They absolutely have to keep this burger on the menu...so good!  The service here was excellent as well.  The manager spoke with us the entire time and really made the visit worthwhile.  If you're craving a "good burger" and don't want to travel outside of STV, you must stop by!
