2	Tweakers and crackheads rule this area. Anything within a 5 block radius of 27th Ave and Northern is pretty much a sanctuary area for criminal activity. The store is very busy from 8am to about 10pm at night. PD doesn't seem to care about the drugs, panhandling and prostitutes in this area. Zombies approach and panhandle for money. Bring your pepper spray as some get a little aggressive and will only back off with a good hosing.
3	This review is for 06/11/2011. Well, I have been driving around Phoenix and Scottsdale most of my day and before I had to return my rental car, I had to fuel up or pay $7.99 per gallon for fuel. I found a gas station near my motel named, Quiktrip. I had only a couple of hours left in Phoenix and I wanted to get my car ready. This gas station has at least 20 pumps and there is plenty spots to fill up. Unlike Los Angeles, there are probably only six to eight pumps and everyone is waiting in line. The price for gas was $3.559. My total was $29.00. Well, AZ does not have CA Energy Laws and that is why AZ has a cheaper gas rates, but only by .20-.30 cents. I didn't go inside since I got all my stuff from a local Circle K store, so nothing special about this place. It was just to get some fuel for my car. I read the other reviews and they may be correct about some of the things going on in the area. There were a few loiterers around. I didn't even see a car around. So, it was one of the reasons I didn't go inside. I fueled up and left. The area is a bit quiet at night and I think you should fuel up during the day as an advisement.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
2	I love QT but this one is ghetto!! pumps and bathrooms are always dirty. This one is trashy!! Lots of beggers and crack heads walking around!!!
4	This is a very busy QT with everything you expect to get at QT which is clean restrooms, friendly staff and plenty of anything you need.  My only complaint and its just due to the neighborhood is that some customers don't know how to act in public.  This idiot ( female customer ) actually blocked two handicap parking spaces just because she was waiting for somebody.  This is not QT's problem just lack of home training for some people in the area.
4	This is my favorite QT.Know why?I'll tell you why.Proximity.That's it.BAM
1	Ghetto. Full of hood rats, drunks, homeless, etc. Bathrooms were disgusting. Most of the employees were 'busy' talking to friends? or texting on their cell phones. A lot of coffee choices were out.
2	Tweak tweak ... I love it because its QT. But I swear there were needles and gram bags all over the floor (not really) but might as well been since im guessing about 50% of all customers were high on some sort of substance
