5	Shawn and his team are great. He always has an answer for your questions and sold my house quickly. I will continue to use them in the future.
5	Shawn and his team have helped us with not only selling our house but then finding us  our dream house. He is incredibly prompt, professional, knowledgeable, and just a pleasure to work with. I was pleasantly surprised how easy both transactions were. We will continue to use Shawn and his team for any real estate needs in the future and continue to recommend him to all of our friends and family. Truly a class act!
5	Shawn and his team are amazing. My family has used them not once, but several times. The Mister Rogers Homes Group sold my mom's house, bought a new home for her, and Shawn helped myself purchase a home in Chandler. Shawn and his team communicate very well, and at all hours of the day and night. I could literally call Shawn at 10:30pm with questions, or at 6:30am, and he's there for us. The guy is a real estate machine, and he really does love this industry. Just an all around great guy, and not a bad bone in his body. Shawn and his team are the exception to everything you think about Realtors, and always go above and beyond the call of duty.
5	Shawn and his team helped me find my second home. They were so pleasant to work with, always answering my questions promptly and using their problem solving skills to find the best options for me. Thank you, thank you!
5	Shawn has helped our family sell our home as well as find properties.  The Mister Rogers Home Group is like family to us! They are all very knowledgeable and they work hard to meet every need.  Thank you Shawn and the whole Mister Rogers Homes Group!  PS if you are looking for a great agent your only mistake would be to think you will find someone better.   The MRH Group is awesome.
5	I have used Shawn to buy a house and a condo. He will literally work 24/7 to help you find the perfect home. During my home searches, there were numerous times that I received emails at all hours of the night with updates on the status of my purchase. With each of my purchases with Shawn, he has helped me get great deals on the properties I have bought.There is no question that I will use Mister Rogers Home group again in the future. I would highly recommend him to anybody else.
5	Shawn Rogers and David Hulka from West USA are excellent.  Shawn and his team have rented out my home over 5 times and each time I would give 5 stars.  From the minute you get in touch with them, they start working on everything and the response time to every question and email is unbelievable.    They have done a great job renting my home right away and the paperwork and communication is impeccible.  I have known Shawn for almost 10 years and I would not recommend any other team but Shawn and his team for my rentals or selling my home.   I am over 2400 miles away and they are doing this for me.
5	Shawn Rogers and his team are truly working machines!  I have had the pleasure of working with him when I am in AZ.  I plan to retire in the future, and want a feel of the land.  Shawn and Jennifer (his new wife) have been more than gracious in setting up appointments for me, often at the last minute, and are patiently working with me.  I would not use any other agent(s).  Best of luck in all your endeavors.....Emily P. Grimaldi
