5	Ok, they have cheese curds!! What delightful surprise last night. I had a coupon for buy two get one free sandwich, so I stopped by. Super friendly staff greeted us as we walked in. Clean dining area (it is new after all) with enough seating. The service was a little slow, but they kept a conversation going with us so that helped pass the time. My hubby got the cheese steak and they cook it right in front of you, so that also explains why it takes longer than subway. Better quality. I loved my turkey on parm bread - delicious! The bread is outstanding, not too thick or overwhelming. But the cheese curds... who would have known! Not the best, but better than Culvers! They also have fries! And then of course the standard sandwich shop chips and soda. Would highly recommend - give em a try!
5	My wife and I have been here twice now and each time the subs were delicious and the prices are very reasonable. Plus, cheese curds! My favorite sub so far was the Philly cheesesteak. Great customer service too!
1	I have been here 4 time and have walked out 3 cause they beer have enough ppl working no matter what time of day I come. Today was there at 11 am and they had one girl working the counter waited over 15 min to get my order taken. The food is good but firehouse is just as good and they have never made me wait. I predict I they do not get more ppl working the won't make it
4	I love this place! I have always been a fan of all sandwiches and would always take my business to Subway, but once I found COusin's I never went back. This location is still somewhat new and so everything still looks fantastic. The crew usually does a good job in trying to get people out pretty fast but it does take a couple more minutes than other places, just because of the grill (does SW or Jimmy's have a grill, no!) The 3 girls that always seem to be there always greet us as soon as we step inside, are all smiles, and already know by memory exactly how I do my pepperoni melt, the best sub they offer! This is diffidently one of the locations I recomend!
