5	Rachel has been amazing with my cat and dog!. My dog is older and has vision problems.  My dog has been quite ill as of late.  She started having seizures.  Rachel gave her her meds and took awesome care of my little doggie.  My cat is a bit younger.  My cat is a bit finicky - but she actually like Rachel...lol.  So, when I got home my dog was wagging her tail and my cat was content.  Rachel did a great job and is highly recommended!
2	Rachel was a no-show for our scheduled walk-through appointment which I had made weeks ago. I called three times within two hours after she was originally supposed to show up and she never answered nor returned my messages. Thank god I was able to get one of my students to pet-sit at the last minute, or else I would have had to cancel my trip. Pretty ghastly unprofessionalism. I guess she doesn't need the business.UPDATE: I added a star because Rachel did eventually call- three hours after our scheduled appointment. She said she had a sick dog and "literally lost track of time." Now, I am not a heartless grinch. I understand being occupied with an ill animal. But for christ's sake- have a damn cell phone with you. It would "literally" have taken one minute to call me back and prevent me from becoming unglued.
5	In a world where people are fast to blame and slow to give compliments to those who really help them, I give compliments to Purrfect Pawsitting.Rachel is an awesome pet sitter in my book.Rachel was caring for my dog the day that she was unable to call the unhappy reviewer.  Rachel came for a late afternoon walk with my dog, Sam.  She told me that she felt that Sam was acting strange that day.  She took him home and his eyes started "rolling back in his head". She immediately called me and I instructed her to take him to the vet.She was there with him for the rest of the day.  In the end, Sam now has seizures.  We don't know the cause of his illness.  The vet is still doing tests.I am thankful to Rachel.  She probably saved my dogs life.Rachel and her staff are professional, kind, courteous, and very loving to my dog.**UPDATE**Sam started acting really strange.  I immediately called Rachel for daily visits.  Jessica called me in the middle of the day a few weeks ago to tell me that Sam was not walking on his hind legs and that she thought something was wrong.When I came home, I found that she was right!  I took Sam to the vet - he had cancer.  The cancer was pretty advanced, so we had to put him down.The Purrfect Pawsitting ladies were very nice throughout the whole matter. I am looking to get a new puppy.  When I get the puppy, I will use Purrfect Pawsitting again.  They are simply awesome.
5	These girls are great as always.It took me a long time to get over Sam.  He was a great dog.I felt it was time for a change.  I got a kitten.  I have heard from friends that their petsitters have gone out of business, but suprise - the girls are still there.They are amazing.  They have done a great job with my ktten!Would hire them anytime - Highly recommended!
1	I feel like I have written a review for Purrfect Pawsitting before... but whatever. I am housecleaning today. Anyway, I thought I had found exactly what we were looking for in a pet sitter when I came across Purrfect Pawsitting. I was so wrong. My husband and I happily used Jessika and Rachel several times for short trips to San Diego and Tucson... referred them to our family and friends, planned to use them forever. They started out so wonderful. Then, we took a babymoon. I was 4 months pregnant, and we were saving every penny, but decided that we needed one last awesome vacation before he arrived. So, we booked ourselves a week in Seattle. We left early one morning, and I asked in my standard "how to care for the dogs" note that R & J call us when they arrived. Going by their contract, I expected that to be prior to about 7pm (14 hours since our departure). 7pm passed, 8pm, 9pm (you get the picture). I called and called them. Several, increasingly panicky messages were left. By midnight, my husband and I were beside ourselves with worry - thinking our dogs had been inside (with no access to a bathroom) since 5am. We couldn't reach R & J by phone or email, and we were considering getting a flight home first thing in the morning (to the tune of thousands of dollars lost... ). We did not want to rely on our neighbors to care for our dogs for the entirety of our trip. Finally, the next morning, I get a call. A somewhat bored, "what is your problem" kind of call, telling me that R & J had arrived around 8pm, then left again, to return after midnight.Long story shorter, R & J did a half-assed job. They ruined an expensive non-stick pot with a metal fork. There was makeup all over the bathrooms, on the door handles, everywhere. The house was a mess. I would not feel comfortable leaving my dogs with them ever again after what happened, besides the fact that my house was a wreck when we got home. Nothing is worse than coming home from a long trip to a dirty house. Nothing. My only consolation is that I didn't come home to dead dogs or a house full of poop and pee - thank goodness for caring neighbors. AND, after all that, Rachel & Jessika fired us! We were fired for expecting our dogs to be cared for in a reasonable and humane way. We were fired for relying on friends to care for our dogs when we couldn't reach the people we had paid to watch them. I would never use R & J again. Never.
