4	This has become my favorite bar in Laveen again.  They were once the only game in town, and now that we have several other choices I would choose this one.  They have a great jukebox if you like classic country and the like, as well as pool tables, a decent whiskey selection, and a patio for smokers and video game players.  Plus, they have semi-enjoyable karaoke on Friday/Saturday nights.The only thing I found lacking is a good premium beer selection.  And a huge crowd.  Aside from that, they need only to turn down the lights a little, and this will be the perfect neighborhood hole-in-the-wall bar.  Oh btw, I think it's also cash only, which is annoying.
5	Great bar! If you wanna go to a place where it doesn't matter what you wear - the Spurrs' it. Its a good dive with cheap beers, Karaoke, Pool Table... sometimes a guy with a horse will even tie up out front!
3	Cheap, cold PBR.   Maybe colder but not as cheap as Bikini Lounge.  But this is a different kind of dive bar, in fact I don't think it's all that divey anymore.  Couple of coin operated pool tables with a bunch of bent cues, but if you snag the corner table before the joint gets busy, you can have your own little area to hang out without people trying to crowd you.  "Outdoor" smoking area feels kind of like a prison, and fucking reeks.  I'm glad they passed the no smoking indoors law in AZ, and over time I forgot what your clothes & hair smell like after a night with a bunch of smokers.  Well, you'll remember if you venture "outside" at Spurr!   Just don't go on Karaoke night.  There are some fucking horrible voiced misguided karaoke singers that like to come to this place for some reason and it makes my ear holes hurt.  That said, they do a decent job with bar food like poppers, fries & hot wings now.   I was blown away when I realized they had food.  Just wouldn't expect it from a place like this.  Also, maybe it's just that I'm awesome, but I have never had to wait more than 30 seconds for a beer at Spurr.  When I walk up to the bar, I am always served immediately and that's just a damn rare thing at a bar these days.  Did I mention they have sweet, sweet PBR.  And it's cold.
3	The Spurr Lounge is definately a dive bar. They are cash only, but do have a convinently located ATM, so its not like you have to run the the bank on the corner to get money. They are a country inspired bar with the bare neccessities, for those late night pit stops or a beer after work. Just do not wear a backwards hat, we learned that wearing your hat backwards is a gang related image for the area, and to turn the hat around. Other than that, cheap strong drinks, pool tables, outdoor patio and a jukebox.
4	Honestly... This place is great! Great prices on food and drinks, good food, beer is always cold!  If you are heading this way in hopes to find a marble floored, suit and tie, cocktail dress kind of place, head back to Scottsdale!  The Spurr Lounge is exactly what I was looking for in my neighborhood watering hole.  Nothing fancy, just good people, friendly service, and beer.  Enough for me.
4	It is what it is... a complete and utter Dive(bar). A little hole-in-the-wall. Fortunately I love a good dive and its right down the street. I have only been here a few times, but its definitely on my list for visit soon. Well... lets say its on the top of my list, with Applebee's Nightclub at the bottom (Yes, its true. The Applebee's in Laveen turns into a raunchy, skanky nightclub on Friday and Saturday nights) BTW... I have not seen with my own eyes, but I have been told that there is a horse tie up in front of the bar where you can tie your trusty steed while you enjoy your Coors Light or what have-you. I guess I need a horse.
4	Great dive bar given the location.  50 cent pool tables, a decent bar menu, kareoke on Friday and Saturday and the cheapest drinks in the neighborhood.  It's definitely a little bit country but so are the regulars.
4	I went in to this place for the first time recently and was very pleasantly surprised. It looks SUPER divey from the outside, but on the inside it is warm, friendly, and cleanly kept. It seemed like there's a lot of nice regulars in here and it was very unpretentious and welcoming, even to newbies like my boyfriend and me. The female bartender was especially nice and explained the food menu (yea, a food menu in a country dive bar!!) which was chock full of pleasers including Totino's pizza made in a pizza oven. The drinks were cheap and I appreciated the outdoor smoking patio. One thing I wish they could do at The Spurr is live music. It's a pretty small place and it seems like live music probably won't ever be in the cards due to space limitations. There was good country music playing by a karaoke emcee when we went though.
4	The Spur Lounge has become one of my favorite dive bars. The beers are cheap and the fried mushrooms are delish. They have karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights and bring in a pretty good crowd. The waitress checks on you and you never have to wait for a drink. The only reason I have it 4 stars is because its a cash bar only.
2	The spur lounge is terrible they need to clean it and new paint new everything it's gross and the bartenders suck
4	Nice dive bar food was good beer was cold bartender remember my name overall very good spot
5	Wonderful! Wonderful!  Wonderful! Bright lights and friendly attitude. I myself am a dive bar expert and this place is top shelf. The jukebox rocks, the girls are pretty and the drinks are cold. Do yourself a favor and get down here ASAP!
5	Love this bar,awesome crowd.great bartenders.ask for a shot of Sammie Juice, Taco Tuesdays, and Fish Fry on Friday's
