5	My girlfriend and I went and checked out the Bartell Theatre last week for the viewing of "Into the Woods".The general atmosphere of the Bartell theatre is definitely community. There are friendly neighborhood folks there handling the greeting, the ticket sales and the concessions. The building is a little old, but that adds to the atmosphere of the community theatre.The concessions were candy bars, soda and water, and some other snack type foods. They were a little high priced (1$ for a candy bar, 2$ for a soda) but that is where they most likely get some of their funding from.  I was happy to pay this to the very kind lady doing the concession stand. There are at least two theatres that I could find. (One playing ours and another playing a bunch of shorts.) Ours was decently sized. About 100 seats or so. I asked the usher which seats were the best and she said that they were all pretty good, it was personal preference.  We sat in the back section near the middle. The play began with the director of the community theatre asking for more donations. The viewing of play itself was quite nice. We were close enough to see the emotion on the actors faces, but not so close that we couldn't take in the whole scene. The lighting was very good. There was a "orchestra" in the back that was performing during the play, but they were lit only enough to just barely see.The audio was also very good. I didn't have any problems hearing the actors speak or sing. The music was also "hearable", but not overpowering either. I also didn't hear any outside noises from the lobby or surrounding buildings.The play itself was good. The voice acting was performed well and the singing was very good. There was some slight overacting from a couple of the characters, but overall it was a very good performance.The set design worked well, it added to the feeling of the woods and, as mentioned before, it allowed some views of the orchestra without it being the center of attention.I will definitely be checking this place out in the future for more plays and I definitely recommend it.
5	This cozy black box setting allows the actors (and techies, of course) to do some very cool things re: fourth wall/audience involvement. I love shows that are put on in a black box; I think it's a much more intimate experience and you can enjoy the production from a number of different angles, depending on where you're seated, of course. In this setting, you have an active role as an audience member, which I love. :) You can also drink during the show, and who doesn't love that?
5	Several small community theatre troupes of volunteers take surprising and inspiring spins on classics and take risks on new material that you will seldom ever find at larger professional venues.  All that along with a strong sense of community and a rare affordability make this space a beautiful treasure in Madison.  If you are looking for academically perfect shows, this is probably not for you.  If you are looking for a genuine experience filled with standout performances and talent from local volunteers, go.Most recently, we saw one of their companies, Strollers Theatre, produce William Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream."  There were many great surprises, like their use of four spooky faerie puppets (something I have not seen before in this play), and some astounding "Instrumentation" from db pedersen & the Brothers Grimm including shruti box, khoomei, vocal sound effects, guzheng, & found objects along with more common instruments to create a magical soundscape.   What would you expect to pay for that??  I would never expect to see that kind of attention to detail in community theatre, and at only $20 per ticket.Where Shakespeare's text was concerned there were some great standout performances from actors who lent energy and understanding to the words making them alive and comprehensible for the most novice Shakespearean.  Andrea Kleiner as Helena, Joseph Lutz playing Nick Bottom, their Lysander, Trent Mendez all gave incredible life to the show.  I confess, I came to see their Puck.  I have seen Sean Langenecker in past shows and he has always been fearless, new, and playful in everything he does.  It seemed to me, the perfect Puck.  He did not disappoint, and while outlandish and fun throughout, he also gave lovely significance and beauty to those famous last lines of the play.  The show as a whole got stronger and stronger, and by the second act every actor had hit their stride and gave great performances; climactic and magical, the way you expect this show to be.As for what to expect from the Bartell; you will be greeted by friendly volunteers, there is a great lobby with tables if you need to wait for the show to open or hang out during intermission, they serve beer, wine, coffee, tea, cocoa, sodas, and candy all of which you can take into their theaters.  There are two theaters and usually two different shows, one in the small black box downstairs and one in the larger space upstairs (also a lift for people who can't do stairs).  They have numerous special events throughout the year as well, silent auctions, award shows, writing & producing shorts within 48 hour time period...  Keep them on your radar.  They're an important part of this theatre community and still fiscally accessible when many other venues tickets may be out of reach for some.
5	Community theatre gets a bad wrap for being amateur and unprofesh. This place however is home to some solid semi-professional troupes that pay actors. I've seen several productions from various resident companies, and its cool that because the building houses so many, there's a wide range of stuff to see onstage.
5	Bartell Theatre, you've left me speechless. All I can really say is wow..Wow to the staff running the admissions, the concession stand, and the bar. All were so friendly and approachable.Wow to the venue itself. It's quite tiny, but it makes for a very intimate experience with the actors themselves. There's no nosebleed here, and I think that's great.Wow to whomever ran the sound and lighting yesterday, Nov. 8th. They really made the best of their space and helped create a show that really left me moved.Wow am I happy this place exists.
