5	Many of my prayers for the Madison restaurant scene - finally answeredThere will probably be some confusion at first as The Isthmus recently mentioned this restaurant, calling it Juquila.  However after chatting with Francisco himself last night, it's going to be called Francisco's Cantina for time being, as that's the name on the liquor license.  Asi es la vida.  What's not confusing is the food and liquor.  It's a god send.  It's got the freaking trifecta:  (1) delicious (2) cheap (3) likely open after bar time (or your shift if you work in the industry).  Item (3) will become a reality soon when the man gets some more help in the kitchen.I shared drinks and dinner with a good friend around 10pm last night.  We had the requisite chips and salsa.  A massive (had to weigh 5lbs) steak burrito with house-made mole negro and a plate with assorted, chicken filled, verde/rojo tamales.  We washed down said food with half a dozen shots of Camarena Blanco and cuatro Bohemias.Total bill:  $41.  Seriously!  Why go anywhere else?  Now it's time we all thank Francisco and our respective deities for gifting us an amazing restaurant that doesn't close at 9pm.  Go support this guy and his food else I'm gonna be mad at you Madison.
3	This place is ok. It just opened a month ago so still time for improvement. I ordered a seafood chimichanga, with shrimp and crab and my boyfriend got something else that was fried...anyway, they were both overdone, like too crispy. I actually couldn't cut through the bottom of my chimi with a knife it was so hard so it went uneaten. Also, I neither saw or tasted any crab, but there was plenty of shrimp. That atmosphere was ok, nothing to complain or rave about. It is very cheap, and the margarita was good. Worth another shot because of the prices. It does not have a full bar either, the waitress told me it was only beer and margaritas.
4	My only regret in going to Francisco's is that I went on a night I was going out afterwards and my healthy portion of leftovers didn't get to come along. Francisco's is insanely inexpensive and offers up huge plates - I was hungry and I could only put away half my chimichanga, and the burritos are easily 3-4 servings. Their rice is some of the tastiest I've ever had - I've been contemplating bringing in a Tupperware container and asking them to just fill it up so I can eat it for a week straight. If you want to get full fast and on the cheap, mosey on down East Main.
4	I've only gotten delivery from Francisco's, but it's been a great experience all three times. Great chicken enchiladas. I'd definitely recommend this place!
4	I'm from Madison and I have a home there, but I have lived in the Mission District in San Francisco (where the burrito as we know it was invented) since 1997. I live a block from La Taqueria on Mission Street which, according to many people, is one of the top taquerias on the West Coast. I'm not boasting - I'm just establishing my Mexican food eater cred. Brothers and sisters, I know tacos.I met a buddy there from lunch. He recommended we meet there. I'd never heard of Francisco's before then. My buddy grew up in Mexico City, then moved to Madison for college - and stayed. He's a helluva good judge of Mexican food.Anyway, I've eaten at Francisco's  Mexican Cantina twice now in two days and I can totally couch for their tacos. Very good, authentic, delicious tacos. They feature generous meat portions - I recommend the Carne Asada, the Pastor, and Beef Tongue, cilantro and onions on two thick, tender tortillas. Their salsa verde has a little heat, but not at all too much, and I recommend it.The chips and salsa are the real deal. I've even had the Flan and it was also very good.I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the platos and more specialty items, but I have been jonesing for tacos.Great food.Excellent service.Great value for money.Highly recommended!
3	First, let me say this: so, so much more convenient than venturing down S. Park St. to Tacqueria Guadelajara. It's owned by the owner's (of TG) nephew, but the location is so much more convenient! Prices are pretty cheap ($1.70/taco) and the food is excellent. If you go at lunch, you may be lucky enough to see Francisco, who came out and chatted with us last time we were there. Delicious chips and salsa, and they came with free tortilla soup!Oh, but the food...the tacos were excellent. Personally, my favorite was the pastor, but the chorizo/chicken/steak were all superb. I've had just about everything on the menu, and it's all great. Highly recommended!UPDATE: Docking Francisco's a star. The food is good, but after going to La Guanajuatance? Francisco's is simply mediocre.
5	Food here is great and inexpensive!
4	A quick bite on a Saturday night, very fast and friendly service, good food and drink at a good price. Enjoyed the enchiladas verde.
4	Authentic quaint Mexican restaurant. Decent sized portions, great taste
3	I heard this is a shoot off of Guadelajara, my favorite place ever.... They need to up their game at Francisco's. The tacos were tough and really just not the same. The food seems like there's an overdose of sour cream everywhere. Even though they are open until 3am and serving lots of drunk people, they are slipping.
5	Cheap, authentic mexican. Can't beat it for the price anywhere else on the square.
4	Amazing.  Hands down. Hits: every food item, tight knit family joint, personable serviceMisses: Upcharge for extra chips Hints: go with the house margarita.  It's cheap and tasty.
4	Why anyone would go to Pasqual's while this place exists is beyond me. This typical Mexican place is priced affordably. The food is not anything that will blow your mind, but it's good. Really good. I had the burrito suizo, and found it to hit about every Mexican craving I get twice a week. Meat, beans and rice? Check. A rich and gooey cheese sauce layered over everything? Check. I ordered a side of pico de gallo and layered that on every bite to have as delicious of am Mexican experience as I've had anywhere in Madison.If you're in the downtown area, it's hard to find better Mexican than this.
5	Seafood nachos are great! Great service and prices, will definitely come back
4	This place is amazing. I am officially addicted to their taco salad and haven't had anything on the menu that wasn't fantastic!
5	Just what we were looking for after a long day of wandering in Madison. Incredible authentic Mexican food, superb Margaritas, and the right size portions with reasonable prices.
5	Best ever, and everyone who works there is so sweet - i love it.
5	9.99 pitcher of sangria, nice, cheap selection of beer, some of the best, most authentic Mexican food I've ever had. The shrimp ceviche was absolutely delicious.
5	I love love love love this place.I just got back from studying abroad in Mexico and I was dying to find a place at home where I could eat the same as I did in Mexico- and this place is it. Very authentic Mexican, from the decor to the food. I felt like I was back in Mexico again.
3	Food is okay . Basic Mexican food not bad Francisco cooks Mexico City type cuisine.I had a business lunch and ordered the shrimp enchiladas.  Shrimp was grainy, either they weren't cleaned correctly or were poor quality.  Other than that the enchiladas were okay.  I wouldn't order them again.His aunt owns Guadalajara on Park St. That food there has always been delicious.  They cook northern Mexican style cuisine and they use El  Milagro tortillas from Chicago, the best!  Unfortunately for me, there was a fire a couple of weeks ago.  When they rebuild Check them out and compare,  you will be glad you did.
4	Spiffy (anytime I use a word that ends with a "y", as in "nifty" or "flashy" I feel it is a man-card violation.  Not a red card, probably just a yellow card...but a violation nontheless) little (arguably another minor man-card violation...things must be bold and brawny, not little...too cutsie) Mexican joint that offered a heckuva (now that word definitely connotes manliness) deal on a plate of tasty (damn did it again) enchiladas.  Margheritas (now I did it...I should be drinking bourbon) were solid as well.  I mean, they were liquid, but solid.
4	Great food, good prices.  Nothing not to like.I had their enchiladas and it was definitely enough food.  They also have different daily specials and they deliver.
4	Francisco's is a great option for getting your fix of Mexican food.  I kind of have a checklist for things I look for in restaurants like these, so i'll go down the list:Free chips/salsa? - Check, to an extent.  The first basket is free, then the next is $1.50-75, which is reasonable enough.Margaritas? - Check, and you can get them in gigantic sizes.  I've had better ones, but these ones do the job.Big Burritos? - Check.Family run establishment? - Check.Cheap? - Check.  None of the Burritos run over $8, and there's plenty of options for under $6.Open late? - Check, but only on Fridays and Saturdays.  Other nights it's until 10.To top all of that off, it's in a superb location, right off the Capitol square, an area with a lot of restaurants that are either American or more expensive.  So, it stands out on its own there.I'm giving Francisco's a 4, because there are some things they could be doing better.  Sometimes the service isn't superb, and the menu is just standard fare done well, unlike a couple other places in town like El Dorado or Tex Tubb's.  A place like this at most locations would only be a 3 in my book, but the great Capitol spot bumps it up a star.
5	Three words, folks. Carne asada fries. Yep, Francisco's has the greatest food to ever come from the marriage of American and SoCal Mexican food. Imagine french fries, covered with marinated grilled steak, oozy cheese, diced tomatoes, sour cream, and guacamole. Like nachos, only with french fries! My guy convinced Francisco to make them and last time we were there he had added them to the menu. Next time you're wanting a little Mexican comfort food, or you need something to eat following a night of drinking, go here. Get the carne asada fries. You won't regret it!
4	Taco al pastor is very good.  Mole Pablano is very good. Great service and prices that can't be beat for a downtown restaurant. All food is super fresh and the place is very clean. I peeked in the kitchen...spotless.  go here.
4	I've been there two times, both times I've had about a 7/10 experience. Their food is really good, I've always enjoyed what I've gotten. Their grande burrito is humongous & pretty cheap for what you get. They ran out of chimichangas  last time so I got the sobres I think it's called-which were really good.The complimentary chips were cold last time I went there (granted they were busy) & they won't give you refills on chips unless you pay- so if you have a large group or a few hungry friends expect to pay more.The margarita my sister & I split tasted like strawberry soda with a cup of sugar added in. So pretty darn sweet. All in all, good place to try near the Capitol & relatively affordable. I recommend.
1	Food was actually quite good...as was service...right up until the waiter asked me to pay...then things got very questionable.First the waiter came to the table and "told me" verbally what my bill was (without actually giving me any kind of bill)...and said I could pay when I was ready.I gave him my credit card and he came back to the table and said that it wasn't any good and didn't work. When I informed him that I had just paid for parking outside and it worked fine...he then changed his story and said he was sorry and that actually "his machine just wasn't working".We offered to pay with a check...but he said no I would have to go next door and take cash out from the ATM at the bar (which charged me a $2 fee by the way). I got the money and paid him the cash and left...which I am certain he almost immediately slipped entirely in his pocket.This put a real damper on what could have otherwise been a really nice restaurant experience. I hope the owner reads this and does a little over site...this kind of activity is really going to hurt repeat business.
3	We popped-in for a quick bite prior to a show over at the Monona Terrace on 4/12/14 at around 6:30pm.+ Cozy little space- No tap beers+ Mediocre selection of bottled beers+ Victoria beer available in bottles!!!+ Prices were very reasonable+ Great menu - full of true "street food staples"+ Reasonable prices- Chips were meh+ Salsa was great - lots of cilantro, good consistency- Tacos (pastor, chicken, steak, veggie) were good, but very bland - the meats had no real flavor, and the veggies weren't seasoned. After we added hot sauce, salsa, and some salt and pepper, they were better. I love me a good street taco - simple, clean, and fresh tasting... these were just so plain.- It took a long time to get the tacos; like 30-35 minutes- Service was very slow, despite us sitting at the bar. Two female servers seemed extremely disorganized and unfamiliar with things.+ Servers were very friendlyI much prefer a traditional, honest Mexican street food meal over what you'll find at places like Laredo's and other TexMex joints. But the tacos we had were so boring, I'm not sure I'd be in a huge rush to return. That's not to say I won't go back, but it'll take a bit before I return.
4	This place was a really fun time! Came here with some friends to check it out. We were all really happy with our food. I got the Chile rellenos and it was served with tortillas. I was curious how the tortillas would came into play, but then I realized that you chop up the chile rellenos and put in the tortilla. I don't think I can ever order a chile rellenos unless it comes with the tortilla. It was so tasty and I'm still dreaming on this dish. We also ordered pitchers of margaritas and they were delicious and decently priced. It is a small place but has a pretty cool decor. I just wish the service was a little better. After everyone ordered, the server had to make everyone repeat the order. A different server then didn't ask if we wanted anything else and then just brought out check and was pushing for us to get out. Besides the not so friendly service, the food was good and we overall had a good time.
4	Food was good, not an overwhelming amount like some places give, but satisfying.  Cheap too, $28 for two with drinks.
4	Stopped here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon after the farmer's market.  My wife had fish tacos and I had a chimichanga.  Food was delicious, loved the bit of spicy sausage in mine.  Chips and salsa was great, service was fast and friendly, we will check this place out again when we are in town.
5	This is the best Mexican place in downtown madison for sure. Way better service and atmosphere than Los Gemelos. Amazing salsa--plenty of cilantro and fresh onion. The tostadas and tacos are my favorite. Close are the enchiladas verdes. Only skip is the quesadilla for me. Accommodating to groups and small parties-- we come here a couple times a month.
5	Our favorite stop downtown. You always hear that Madison has no good Mexican food. Almost true- except for this little gem. This place is 1) cheap 2) delicious 3) served by the nicest people Their beans are not thick and old. Their nachos own. Check out lunch specials for great deals. The sopes are the a delight, as are tamales. Nachos NOM. Fajitas mixed great deal. Roommates family is loyal to their mole over all others. Sometime open late for post- bars. Highly recommended by true Mexican lovers.
3	We decided to check this place out due to the yelp stars. We got a table for 4 inside by the window right away. The server was rushing around. Well we soon realized she was the only server for inside, outside and was also the bartender. It was soooo crazy. We started with ordering guacamole and the bean dip. She brought us the chips and dips, no salsa. The dips were just ok. The bean dip not impressive at all. The chips lacked flavor and needed salt. We all enjoyed our meals but the service was literally 1 star. Why do they only have one server to run the entire restaurant on a Thursday night??? We felt like we could not ask for anything...all we wanted was some chips and salsa and she gave a look like she could not believe we were asking her. Oh and when the meal came we asked for napkins and when she delivered them she threw them in the middle on top of our chips. Service this horrible makes for a bad night out. It really ruined our experience and it is a bummer too because we were really looking forward to this place. The main meals were good but just not enjoyable with the overall experience. Very disappointed.
5	This Mexican restaurant is pretty awesome for the Madison scene. My boyfriend and I frequent this place, and we have never been disappointed. The prices are great, and the food is tasty and filling. I usually get the burrito suizo, and the cheese sauce is amazing!! My boyfriend gets the quesadilla with a side of guac and always leaves happy. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for great inexpensive Mexican!
5	Simply the best Mexican food I have had in Madison. A friend and I visit Francisco's after hitting the bars, and the service is first rate. There is always great people watching here, especially with the folks pouring out of Argus and Maduro at bar time.I have had their burritos, which were sizable portions and delicious, but my favorite dish here is the Alambre, a dish that few restaurants do well. At Francisco's, you get a sizable portion of grilled chicken with melted cheese, peppers, rice, beans, and some tortillas. It is the perfect end to a night of indulgence, and it won't break the bank.
1	My girlfriends and I had a terrible experience at this establishment. We all work in the service industry so we were being very patient and more than forgiving. We waited 30 minutes just to be greeted (thank god we weren't on a time crunch), which meant we had to go and find our server and tell him that we wanted drinks, an apppetizer, and waters. The drinks took another 15 minutes to arrive, the waters another 10 after that, and then we finally got to order. The food was great! After our meals, we were told that the printer was out of paper and that we couldn't be provided with an itemized check. My girlfriend paid with her debit card which was presented on paper, when asking though,  we were told the checks were printed on different paper. Right. Then out of curiosity, we added up our total (tax included) and found out that we were charged $17 over what we should have. I've been here other times with my girlfriends and have never had this poor of an experience. To not be presented with an itemized check was questionable. We won't be back.
4	I've eaten here a few times recently, mostly because of some deals via an iPhone app. It's been really delicious!I've had their tacos several times, and they really do hit the spot. The chicken and chorizo tacos are probably  my favorite, but the steak is fine too. The chips that are placed on your table are good, as is the salsa.Their patio is very nice, with a good amount of seating available. A nice spot to sit and eat tacos, maybe have a couple beers. Even without any sort of promotion, the prices are decent. Also, the staff at Francisco's is great! Very friendly folks, who are attentive and simply do a great job.
1	I really don't understand the hype. Or maybe I just picked a bad day.  I ordered the traditional enchiladas and a tamale. My food was cold and part of the order was wrong. I love mole sauce but theirs tasted awful - too sweet, cold and no genuine spices. The chicken tamale was dry and hard.  I also ordered a side of beans - they were bland and coming out of the styrofoam box (they have to know that they would spill out-why not use something with a lid???) The place was almost empty yet the food seemed rushed and the staff were not very welcoming.  I stopped here because it was close but next time I'll travel. Usually I'm into second chances...not so much for this place. I won't be back.
2	My first Blah review while in MadisonThis place was recommended by the mixologist at Merchant. I wanted faijatas  and they said this was the place to go. We walk in and sit at the bar. For a place that's supposed to be real good there wasn't a lot of people inside. Maybe 2 tables and a couple at the bar. Mind you this was a Saturday Night around 6ish. Even my wife mentioned something about hardly anyone being here. My wife gets a lime Margarita and I get a Sol Beer. They pour her margarita from a pitcher that was inside a small refrigerator behind the bar. Now maybe I've been spoiled while visiting your town with all these made from scratch drinks but to see this was disappointing. To be fair, my wife said she liked it.  I order the chicken and shrimp fajitas with extra shrimp and extra tortillas. All to go. My order comes up and I double check it. It's missing the extra tortillas, which I was not happy about, and the sour cream and guacamole looks a little small so I want another one.  I tell the server and he brings me both items and says the guacamole etc was on the house for the mixup. That was cool. We call our hotel and they come pick us up. ServiceI want to back up here and mention this. This was the first place we went to that the servers were not friendly. The one bigger guy looked like he didn't want to be there and didn't crack a smile once. The other one was eating behind the bar when we walked in and wasn't friendly either. Now if you two servers are reading this I want you to pay attention. I'm not asking you to walk around the restaurant like the joker with a smile permanently fixed on your face. But you should greet your customers with a smile and introduce yourself. It wasn't busy. It's called being a professional.  Make a damn effort is all I say. FoodThe was nothing outstanding about these fajitas . It came with corn tortillas which I hate. I like the flour ones. Also it came with no cheese. The horror! Never had a fajita that didn't come with cheese on the side. Isn't NO cheese a crime in Wisconsin?  These were no different than Applebee's or Chilis. Honestly Chilis make a better fajitas than this joint. Verdict Go somewhere else. I think that about sums it up LOL Stay Hungry!
3	The tacos, while having good flavor, were seriously lacking on quantity of meat. Ordered 3 and the meat in all of them could have fit easily in 1 small tortilla.  For $2 each you can get much better tacos at Tex Tubb's. Margarita was standard. Would have been 2 stars but the service was really good.
2	Takes forever to get your order. Stuff they describe isn't accurate, they add stuff not described.  And they don't pay attention to your detail on your orders.
4	I usually go to Francisco's during my late night food binges. I have to say I really love their steak sopes! The sopes come topped with tomato, lettuce, sour cream, and cheese. They are like little boats of fried goodness topped with juicy, tender meat and toppings. Make sure to ask for their spicy homemade salsa that they have in squirt bottles. It has a real nice kick to it. Everything else on the menu is pretty decent. My favorites are mostly the ala carte items: tostadas, tacos, and sopes. I don't really care for the rice and beans that most of the entrees come with. If you do stop in for a weekend late night snack, then be ready to expect a busy restaurant!
