2	Prior to dining there, I was unaware that they are the same company as the Good Egg.   Of course, had I known, I would have driven a stake through my eye rather than dine here.   This is because, as the previous reviewer noted, dining at the good egg is like playing chess with yourself:  The sort of thing you do only in times of absolute desperation.Given that, my expectations withered to McDonalds levels once I sat down and figured out about its nefarious affiliation.   However, I was mostly pleasantly surprised, a feat which isn't hard since the bar was set somewhere below sea level.   I had a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.  The cheese was a tasty brie and the bread a thick and fluffy sourdough.   The eggs were bland and shitty (read: from a can) but the bacon and cheese made up for it.   At 7.50 for the sandwich, it's far from a bargain but it wasn't a complete waste of money.  The service sucked as my server struggled to refill my soda just once.   When she finally did (well after dropping our check) she did at least put it in a to-go cup.  I like the message implicit there--"get the fuck out," don't you?Skip this one and go to Denny's at least the suckage won't surprise you there.
1	If the stale retirement home setting and stuck-in-the-80's styled menu don't encourage you to leave before ordering, waiting for the amateur service will.Oh, you're still here? Ok, go ahead and order any of their so-called omelettes. Be sure to also ask for lots of napkins because you'll be crying when you finally see the nonsense that comes out of the kitchen.The way I see it, cooking omlettes is very simple: you take good ingredients, mix them together, cook it all without burning. Somehow they manage to ignore all of these suggestions. Yes, even the "mixing" part. They apparently manufacture a plain omelette on one side of the kitchen, and then lightly sprinkle on whatever ingredients right before serving it.When paying my bill at the front I was asked, "How was everything?".I replied in a polite tone, "O.K."Cashier boy responds in bewilderment, "Just 'O.K.'?!?"I finally leave him with, "I'm being nice when I say 'O.K.'"I'm sticking to Taylor's, Matt's and 5th Avenue Cafe for my weekend breakfast.
3	I went here on a Monday around 1:30PM and it was nice and empty.  Our server was a little odd, seeming annoyed but trying to act friendly.  The menu was almost overwhelming in its choices; my omelet with avocado and bacon was good enough, and my friend's crepe-egg thing came with this amazing poppyseed dressing.  It's not exactly a "cute place" but the food is solid and prices are reasonable.
4	Went for Sunday brunch (around noon) and were all pleasantly surprised!  The service was great -- you get your own pitcher of water and carafe of coffee.  The coffee was deeeelicious.  I made the mistake of ordering a tall stack of pancakes.  They were HUGE.  Honestly, all you need is a short stack -- they were at least 8 inches across.  The sausage were slightly overcooked, but still really good.Another in our group had an omelette and we weren't overly impressed with it -- she commented she could have gotten a bigger omelette at IHOP (and probably better looking).  But overall, I'd go back.  Those pancakes were delicious, as was the coffee.  Very good.
2	I had high hopes for The Eggery. Not because I thought it had potential or was even that hungry.For me, the notion of an egg-themed restaurant sounded like the result of  insanity. The kind of mad science you see in comic books and Discovery Channel shows about hunting ghosts. My brain had conceived this idea of an egg-obsessed madman, ceaselessly forging egg-based delights so that he may share his much-too-specific love of eggs with the world.Unfortunately for me and my imagination, The Eggery is not insane like Bizarro or Dr. Weird. No, it's a "Kevin Costner movie" kind of crazy.The menus look like they haven't been changed or updated since the 80's. Which would normally be refreshingly retro, except the 80's weren't necessarily a good decade for eggs. Come to think of it, I don't think eggs and time travel are compatible. The omelettes look more like accidents than exquisitely prepared dishes. "You got chopped up ingredients in my eggs!""You got eggs in my chopped up ingredients!""...are you thinking what I'm thinking?"The Eggs Benedict looks like it's mocking you. "Hahaha, you could've gotten this same dish at Hometown Buffet, and it would've tasted better, too!"The Eggery has no means of separating their pancakes from their competitors so they just make them bigger. If you can help it, avoid ordering the sausage.In fact, if it's not made of eggs, don't bother. They won't make it right.Your sausage will be overcooked, your hashbrowns will be burnt, and your coffee will taste like they used the toilet water. And the carafe of coffee they give you is usually only half-filled.And don't bother complaining to the manager. After all, he's probably the genius who assembled this crack team of apathetic, inattentive doppelgangers posing as a wait staff. Dude probably doesn't even know what eggs Benedict is supposed to look like.Fuck this. I'm going to Denny's.
1	Hubby insisted we had eaten here before. I thought not. I was partly right, as we have eaten at the Good Egg before, and not been very pleased. Hubby had hated their crepe-eggs. We didn't know the connection between the two restaurants before we sat down.Starving, I order their farmhouse eggs benedict and Hubby orders their breakfast quesadilla and an Oreo pancake (he just HAD to try it). We both get iced tea and it tastes funny, like it was made with bad tap water. When the food arrives, Hubby inhales his quesadilla, but says nothing about its quality. The Oreo pancake is sadly the best thing on the table. I gingerly attempt to scrape off the runny, nasty substance they are passing off as country gravy. The only thing that is prepared close to well in my meal are the poached eggs. The turkey sausage is gross and the bacon is somehow not right- it's not crispy and the taste is off. The biscuits taste like they are from a mix. To top it off, the server places a mostly empty pitcher of water that is no longer ice water on our table. Nice. Can you at least pretend you didn't just give me the leftover water from someone else's table? Our server never returns to fill our tea (except when dropping off the check), or even to see how things are. Maybe he knows better than to ask.
2	The first time I experienced The Eggery was for a business lunch in their back meeting room. As I walked through the restaurant, I was surprised it was so busy...I mean this IS a breakfast place, right? The decor is very outdated with knick knack cutter EVERYWHERE. I am not a fan of it in my home nor in restaurants. I can see why old people love this place. I ordered the taco salad for my lunch. What a disappointment! Almost bad iceberg lettuce, a sprinkling of all other toppings. No beans, so if you want any protein you have to pay $2.00 extra to add chicken. This salad was not worth $8.95. With a $3 iced tea and a 20% added tip to the bill, I got out of there for $14.00. I will pay $14.00 for a weekday lunch, but only if it is a nicer place with top notch service and food. Yesterday I went to the Eggery again with Nico and his Grandma after church. Maybe my mindset was a bit different since we were there for brunch. Same awful decor, but it seemed a bit more charming at 10:30am. I had the Berry Blintz Crepes which were pretty good. Stuffed inside was blueberry yogurt, mixed berries, cottage cheese, and a little bit of cream cheese. Whipped cream, toasted pecans and a berry sauce were on top of the rolled crepes. It seemed like a lot of food for $7.50, a much better value than my crappy overpriced salad. I am not in any hurry to return to the Eggery, although my business group meets there every week. Nico did point out that I have been here twice now and have yet to actually try any EGG dish. Maybe next time...
4	Umm I'm unclear as to what all the hatery is about. (I know thats not a word) but I can say I enjoyed my meal here, I had a sandwich with soup, my girlfriend had the french toast, both were quite delicious. I couldnt care much for the decor, and many steps that you can trip over, but the service was what I expected. And that is all
4	Yes, the decor is a little homey and not particularly my style.  But they have a huge assortment of breakfast items, both the traditional and the interestingly unique.  Good value; good service; and good food.  My preferred breakfast place in the Phoenix area.
2	I went here for breakfast with my wife in December 2009First off, the waiter we had was friendly and accomodating, and the menu has all the standard fare for a breakfast restaurant.   But, some of the other wait staff should have been fired for their unprofessional loud gossiping just 5 feet from the nearest customers table.Decor- very country and kitch.Price - If you don't get the specials then the menu gets pricey quite fast.Food Quality -  the quality of the ingredients they use is noticeably lower than typical restaurant quality fare. The only flavor in the sausage was pepper, the eggs are so so and coffee gave me heart burn. The other thing to add is that the water they bring to the table is not reverse osmosis treated water like in most restaurants, it is the standard foul tap water of the neighborhood.All in all, I won't come back here.  Right after leaving, we went to AJ's next door where they were cooking their weekend omelettes with Gourmet coffee. Next time we'll just go to AJ's instead and be happier.  But at least the company I had that day was awesome!
3	Ok I saw some of the reviews for the Eggery, and I am a bit surprised. First, this is a breakfast place, and it is allowed to be country. If you were looking for gourmet food and ambiance, this is not the place to go for breakfast. However, if you are looking for a decent breakfast, and a quick stop before you get your day going this is the place. Sometimes good food is in a run of the mill place. I think they have fantastic french toast, but not better than my grandmother's, and yesterday I had egg whites with spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes and a wheat bagel. My husband ordered scrambled eggs with cheese, side of home fries which were very tasty, and get this- homemade apple juice which was fantastic. I am giving it three stars because I asked for hazelnut coffee which I know that they brew, but the waitress gave me awful regular with hazelnut creamers. I was not about to argue because I was tired and all that was on my mind was the antique shop across the way.
2	We came here with comp'd coupons about a month after a less than stellar experience at The Eggery's sister restaurant The Good Egg on N. Central.  Refusing to go back there at the risk of getting the same waitress, we headed up the road to use the coupons.  It was realtively busy. They sat us next to the emergency exit in a renovated add on, enclosed patio type area, it was cramped and uncomfortable, but remained hopeful.  Our waitress came through took our drink order We got our drinks quickly and were not ready to order just yet.  Mistake!  We then waited, and waited....with no sign of our waitress or any other one for that matter in our area.  We waited...finally about 30 min after being seated a lady who looked more official than a server asked if we had been helped, she must have seen the famished look on our faces and seen we were about ready to walk out.  She then took our order and we recieved it relatively quicky (within like 15 min of taking the order or less).  Thankfully we had no where to be in any specific time.  We left full, the food run of the mill.  Thankful we had coupons in all the experience was barely worth the tip we left.
2	The Eggery is the exact same franchise as the Good Egg down at Park Central, just fussied up with a different name. Exact. Same. Menu. Bleh. Had I known, I would have just taken a stroll through the gayborhood to get to the Good Egg, where there is outdoor seating, the people watching is superior, and the pigeons have balls the size of grape tomatoes.Alas, the Eggery is the Good Egg's fat, dorky older sister. The service is completely adequate -- nothing horrific, nothing staggering. The food is average, but somehow always arrives cold. At our last visit, there was a metric shit ton of people waiting (including a sweet aging tranny in a muumuu, chartreuse ankle socks, and chunky black heels) but the restaurant proper was only half full, if that. Why? Needless to say, I won't be back. There's too many other amazing breakfast places in Phoenix and way too few precious available weekend mornings...
4	The service at this Eggery is always friendly and fast; the food is always great. All of the egg dishes are tasty as you'd expect from the name.  Their pancakes--both whole wheat and buttermilk--are terrific.
5	Why go anywhere else when you can come to the fantabulous, wonderous Eggery.   I've been a local patron for almost 14 years, and it's always consistent.  All of the employees are fantastic, and the host's, who could ask for more.If you're in the mood for down home, good, well thought out Breakfast items, don't choose anywhere else.  I love this place, and hope that you do too!
5	Excellent food, service and price.   I was extremely pleased.
5	I have been coming to this restaurant for years!                                                I have never been disappointed. The wait staff has been the same for quite some time and people usually stay working there for a long time. This is normally a good sign. Always busy another good sign. They give you full carafes of coffee and decaf.   Lots of safe parking in the lot.... The best part                      ( THE FOOD) if you can't find something that you like here, you never will. They have wonderful jam and fantastic potatoes. Plus they have punch cards so every time you come in you get a stamp. I have always loved that idea. Five stamps gets you a free meal!
5	If you know breakfast if you like fresh veggie entrees THIS IS THE SPOT I have been going for years and have tried all breakfast plates and recommend this as one of the best breakfast joints as a matter of fact you the reader should come eat with me this weekend i will be there.. eating the Casa Potensia plateis good yeah!:)
1	Breakfast is my favorite meal.  I love to go out and eat as much as i love to cook my own.  when eggs are cooked on a surface  that is too hot, they are done on the outside and undercooked on the inside.  I belong to a group that meets here every week, after last year, i stopped ordering the eggs because they can not prepare them medium.  so today i ventured out.  i asked out waitress how i should order the eggs if i want the whites cooked and the yolk soft.  she replied "over medium" - perfect.  when my food arrived, i cut into my egg, as it ran all over my plate, the person sitting next to me asked how i could eat them so raw.  I simply pushed my plate away, finished the meeting, paid my bill.  I WILL NEVER ORDER FOOD at this place again.  when the kitchen doesnt care what it sends out, all dishes become scary.  I have been here every week for more than 5 years and it doesnt change. this was not an isolated incident.
2	The decor has got to go..or at the very least wipe down all the dust..  I have to say the food was good not great but good.. The staff all seems to be in some other world though. So depressing all of them like they hate their jobs.. What a way to start my morning.. MANAGER if you are reading this I would say a cleaning day is in order.and something to boost the moral of your employees..as I saw you yourself acting the same way just depressed. All that feeds of to your customers.. I well give this place another chance and hopefully the experience will be different..
1	I have to agree with a previous reviewer - up until a few months ago, I used to go to this location practically every weekend and almost every time I ordered my eggs "over medium," they came back with all the runny, white stuff in them....you're just better off ordering scrambled. Sad you can't have your eggs over medium in a place called "the Eggery."My friend always ordered the whole wheat pancakes - it was nice that they offer them, but two different times the batter was rancid and when she sent them back, the server acted like it was her imagination. Made her fresh ones but no apologies or discounts offered. Service is inconsistent...there are a couple of excellent servers and a couple really bad ones too. I can understand mistakes & problems sometimes, but it's hard to forgive when people act like they don't care. The lobby layout is pretty ridiculous....if you go when it's busy, there are hardly any places to sit so you have to stand in a crowd of people and wait. There is too much space used up by glass cases that have fake flowers and things in them...the decor is very 80s and the booth benches need replacing - I could live with it though if not for the other things. One positive is the punch card - it fills up after I think 5 punches and then you get a free meal.The place just isn't worth the frustration though when there are other better breakfast places. :(
5	I know it's a chain, but it lit up my Yelp choices and I knew that this was the place to catch my Phoenix breakfast. They have a huge menu and it took me a little bit to decide. I really wanted the Eggs Benedict, but detoured slightly and had the Sunrise Benedict instead. They replace the grilled ham with grilled sliced turkey and top it with a few slices of avocado. With a pile of country potatoes on the plate, it was AWESOME. I was stuffed all morning for sightseeing in the Valley of the Sun.Free wifi worked well.Tip: Try and sit in the solarium area. It's only a view of the parking lot, but it's much sunnier than sitting deep in the restaurant.
3	I went here for breakfast with a friend. Its really your typical breakfast diner. They had a turkey omlet special that was really good, and massive. I also got a side order of pancakes...my total was like $16 for that. Way too expensive for a basic breakfast diner. I have gone to gourmet breakfast places and paid less for much more impress food. The staff and service was great..but the cost just really bogs me down.
5	We had a fun relaxing time my friend had the caesar salad it was fantastic my bf had  ham X it was good and I had the sweet n spice asian salad it was out of this world and our waitress was awesome
2	We used to go to the Good Egg on central but figured this was closer. We have been here quite a few times and had gotten consistently poor service except once. The food is as great as all other Good Eggs, but we will be going back to the Central Ave location, and never to this one. The service is consistently bad, slow, and inattentive.  Eating out with a small child is a nightmare here. Never coming back
4	Was visiting Phoenix for four days.  Ate breakfast at this Good Egg twice.  Had Huevos with Chorizo the first day, and their Crunchy Apple Crepes the second.   Enjoyed both.   Wish we had someplace this good back in the Twin Cities.
2	Went to the good egg on camelback at 1:30 pm on a Friday which might have been a mistake as my waitress Lindsay was not pleasant in the least. It was like I was inconveniencing her, even though I arrived an hour before their 2:30 closing. I said, hi, how are you and got not response, she took my order with a sour face, dropped the food later without really a word and I didn't see here until I was done, which sucks since it would have been nice to have syrup with my pancakes. good food, poor service. Te Good Egg is usually much better than that. But today it should have been called suck eggs.
2	I'm sure that some of the patrons of this restaurant are not going to agree with me but I can not for the life of me see any difference in the Good Egg from any of the other chain breakfast joints Denny's, I hop, Waffle House, and don't forget Perkins except for the fact that at these prices you could go to Scramble or Matt's or a few of the other great joints around the city.......... Til next time
2	The service is ok but the food was terrible! I had eggs benedict and I was greatly disappointed! The hollandaise sauce was nasty, the ham was cold and the english muffin was cold as well. The potatoes aren't seasoned and instead of cooking the onions with the potatoes, it looks like they just sprinkled the onions on top! The only reason I gave it two stars is because the apple juice and coffee were both good!!
4	Great service fair prices. This is the location that still has the old woodwork and marble top tables. I hear the rest of the good egg places have updated innards. I though am a fan of this old style. Plenty of parking as aj' fine foods grocery is here too. Just a block away from the light rail station at central/camelback.
1	I'm giving one star, because there is no negative star. If you like the food the serve in institutions this is the place for you. No flavor and it tasted like it came right out of the box or bag. The one thing that did have flavor was the coffee, unfortunately the flavor was bad. It's 2013, time update your menu & restaurant. We want be going back anytime soon, unless I have a craving for 1970's school cafeteria food.
4	This place has good accommodations to what you want to order!! They are great!!
3	My boyfriend and I ate here yesterday after attending church for some friends.  We typically have only gone to the location in Scottsdale on Thunderbird but since we were in Central Phoenix we decided to try this location.  Food was decent but service was pretty bad.  I asked for pancakes with my meal, waitress brought potatoes.  Coffee was lukewarm at best.  We had to ask for a pitcher of water.  My boyfriend asked for a to go cup for his soda but she brought him a to go box instead.  It seemed as if she was ready to leave as it was towards the end of their day.  I think we'll stay with our normal location as they seem to have the service down to a fine art.
5	My boyfriend and I went on a Sunday around noon so of course a 20 minute wait was to be expected. No complaint there. The complementary coffee and creamer was VERY nice to have in the waiting area.We were promptly sat by a nice hostess who still took the time to ask how our morning had been. Service was wonderful. Autumn was excellent! Happy, nice, fast and met all of our breakfast needs! My omelette was perfect with a yummy fruit cup on the side. My boyfriend got the amazing breakfast special, the bananas foster. YUM! And only $7?!! Needless to say, we left satisfied and full. Autumn even got me an ice tea to go! Victor was the finishing touch on our first time experience at this location. He asked how our breakfast was and made sure we left with a smile and made sure we'd be returning. Its not very often you get such breakfast service as this! Keep up the great work guys!!!!
4	Breakfast at 2:30....  Holla!
1	RUN AWAY!  Went for brunch mid morning on a Friday, seated in the corner of a back room (sure to be ignored).  After browsing their 10 page, grimey-ass, PrintShop menu still covered with syrup from the 90's on it, and multiple servers/runners/bussers passing me by multiple times for 10 minutes without so much as a check in or glass of water, I peaced out.
3	Good breakfast and lunch choices. I love the eggs benedict and they have many varieties of it.  Also if you order an ice tea or soda, its unlimited refills and you can even ask for a to-go cup, which I think is awesome!
5	I tried the Berry Blintz today and it was so refreshing on a hot summer day!My friends tried the Chicken Quesadilla and one had a Beef Barbacoa Quesadillawhich was delicious. And of course we couldn't go wrong with a Santa Fe Straw!
1	Went to this location today to meet friends because it was the closest to the middle of our houses.... thanks Good Egg for totally ignoring the SW Valley :/I drove here not expecting much (always known this location as the crappy one), I had been to this location while it was still under the forgotten step-child The Eggery.  I was surprised that they had finally gotten rid of that name and changed the signage to The Good Egg (not sure if this is recent or not, I haven't been down this part of Camelback in a bit of time).  Upon seeing the new signage, I thought perhaps there would be a better experience to be had.... no, nope, not at all.I met my party that was already seated in the WAAAAAAY outdated restaurant... I mean seriously people, the bakery cases that haven't been used in decades, the wood, the wallpaper, the metal chairs, and all the BRASS... oh my goodness all the brass....YUCK!..... Give this place a little attention Good Egg.When I sat down I found half of the table wet and no napkins, a little puzzled I asked what the deal was.  Apparently the waiter had spilled the water all over the table and used our napkins to try and wipe it up.... I repeat TRY to clean it up, he didn't succeed. Perhaps if he had went to get a towel he could of gotten all the water up, but apparently he never did (as this happened 10 min. before I got there and there was still puddles all over the table.  Nor did he come back with fresh napkins...nice buddy, nice.After being there for about 5 minutes the guy came to ask if I wanted anything to drink... Coffee and cream please. And walks away before we can say that we are ready to order... Now I am the ding dong who was a half hour late because my ass slept in, so friends were huunnngggry.....He comes back with coffee (lukewarm at best), no cream, and walks away...AGAIN.  We sit, and sit, and sit.  He finally comes and ask if we are ready to order, umm.. we had been there 45 minutes and 15 minutes...yeah, I think we've got it.   We order and remind him again of the cream and napkins.He comes back with cream, no napkins.  sigh.Food finally comes, order is right, but haphazardly prepared.  Maybe the kitchen guy overslept too?  I have the Monterrey, it is missing tomatoes and you can tell that it was almost forgotten about because the eggs were starting to brown, my english muffin is nearly burnt and looks like it was toasted on a grill that needs some scrubbing, the cook compensated by soaking it in butter. Dollar Pancakes were shaped like road kill, and the side plate they came on was placed on my main plate.  That's no big deal, I don't care.  But as I am going fork to plate the server takes the side plate off the main plate...umm...eew, don't touch my food once it has hit the table.  I worked my way through high school and college waiting tables, I have a high tolerance for eew, but some things just bug me right away... this is one of them.  Dude, if you touch my food while it is in the kitchen, ignorance is bliss, but if you do it in front of me once the food is ON THE TABLE for goodness sake then that shit just be NASTY yo!  I know damn well there is a good chance your hands aren't clean.  Practically no food workers wash their hands as much as they are supposed to unless the health inspector is there....sorry people, its true.Friend 1 had an even more crispy looking omelet.  Friend 2 got a turkey sandwich.  It was dry, and lacking in well... turkey! It looked as if they had folded up one piece of lunch meat to make it look more substantial.  Her salad was pretty lame looking and had the runniest ranch dressing I had ever seen.  What was even worse is that there was one sad runaway strawberry in her sandwich... wtf? Check your cold storage bins people!  If Friend 1 had been the one to order the sandwich instead of Friend 2 then I wouldn't be writing this review right now because I would be supporting Friend 1 in the HOSPITAL!! Friend 1 has a major strawberry allergy.  i understand shit happens, but how does a STRAWBERRY get put on a TURKEY sandwich and the cook doesn't notice?!??!!!We could of said something if our server wasn't practicing his disappearing act again. Only time we saw him after he dropped off the food was when he dropped the check, and kindly paused out of his busy day to say "Everything ok?" ...kind of waited for a response and walked away.. no "thank you" "have a good day" "come again" "bugger off" nothing....  Mind you I use the word "busy" lightly, there was about 6 tables in the whole place full at 10am, and at least 4 other servers that I saw.This was the third time I had been to this location... shitty experience as always, you know what that means people.... three strikes you're out! (oh and the water pitcher that half of which was spilled all over...the water was unfiltered grossness...boo :/ )
5	My husband and I visited The Good Egg on Cambelback Road five times since arriving in Phoenix on Saturday 6/7/13. We also brought some of our staff as well as locals. We Always had exceptional service and wonderful food! Our waiters and waitresses asked if we had any problems and were attentive to our needs. As for the NASTY review you received, if you have a problem any couldn't get the response you were looking forward from the waiter,  than you ask for the MANAGER. Simple as that.  We look forward to another great breakfast before we leave Phoenix tomorrow.Laura & RJ Philadelphia, PA
5	I'm not sure what the negative reviews are all about. I've eaten here several times and the food and staff have all been excellent. The central location is convenient and the breakfast is a better quality for the same price as other places. Just my two cents...
1	Wow. Just, wow. As a former employee of this location, I'm sorely disappointed. I used to be a hostess here and always LOVED the food. So I figured I'd take my boyfriend to grab a nice breakfast. Boy was I wrong. I ordered the huevos rancheros with chorizo (always been my favorite) and ended up with eggs and bland potatoes, with chunky sour cream (ew) and a light sprinkling of chorizo. Um, what? I paid almost 30 bucks for this? The food was bland and not good at all. I couldn't even finish my meal it was that bad. I'll never go back. How disappointing. Maybe you should stop recruiting your employees/chefs from McDonalds. The good egg has really let itself go.
3	This place has a "mom & pop" feel to it, the food is nothing to write home about but is always cooked to order. The staff is friendly enough but usually not attentive to details (ie 3 in the party and we need 3 place settings) but with a reminder they 'll always fix it right away.I give them 3 stars for average food, service & etc.. It is comparable to a Denny's  and would eat there again as its a convenient place to have breakfast downtown and not have a wait for seating.
5	My friends and I go to this location all the time. Not just for the food but for the people that work there! It's always so clean and nice! Always friendly service. April always greets us with a smile and always checking up on us.. When it's busy the service never seems to fall short of anything! I recommend this place and location.
5	Had breakfast with the boys for one of his birthdays! It was great! Service was always there when needed! April is always with a smile and making sure your well takin care of! This is the only good egg that I come too! You should stop on by just for the service alone! The food here is also great! It's fresh and yummy for your tummy! :)
5	Luv this place the staff n food is so great espec. The manager she is very friendly n professional.this is my fav. Breakfast place I have started to come every weekend to thia location cuz the staff . Food is perfect. I recommend everyone to come out n have a good experience lole I have n will cont. To here. Just perfect!
3	very average....
4	This place knows breakfast. The 'egg-crepe' with egg whites, "spicy" (although not over the top) was GREAT! A perfect, hearty breakfast served in a friendly atmosphere.And, the OJ was FRESH SQUEEZED!My associate had Eggs Benedict and also was impressed.
5	Luv this place the manager April is great she has great customer service n manager skills she has a great staff n you can tell that they all luv the customers will continue to come here every weekend for my breakfast with my family n friends great atmosphere n great  staff n food xoxoxo
5	I've been coming to this location for some time now. The food here is fantastic and every time I come here I'm greeted with a warm welcome! I suggest that you come on by and check this place out! Had the pumpkin pancakes, the are to die for!  With the addition to the hash browns to their menu has been one of the moves thus far! I've never been more happier than I feel right now!
5	Best food staff and place will continue to come here every weekend April the manager is sooo great  she makes you feel like family she has her staff we'll trained where you feel they been there forever since they know a everything on how  the food is n what's. All in it n how it's made. I know every server/waiter/waitress should know this but really I know personally I have gone to a lot of places where they don't know or do all thus but here at this location I have never had a problem with this also I stay on the other side of pix n pass up at least 2diff locations to get to this location n it's well worth it like u said they are the best!
4	Always a positive breakfast lunch restaurant centrally located in Phoenix.Generally order one of the omelettes which are always made to order with potatoes and toast.The orange juice is fresh squeezed and awesome.The restaurant is a nice place where it allows you to sit and talk at your own pace. They set a very pleasant atmosphere where there is not loud music or people talking so loud that you can not hear your own friends across from you . Will keep on coming back as long as they don't continue to do what they have always done
5	The service here is really good! The food here is also very good! Of all the other good eggs this one is the place to come too! They have so any different options to choose from..
5	Best food staff and place will continue to come here every weekend. The add in for only $1 for any type of pancakes n $2 for French toast is so great!
5	I love this place. I come here every weekend! The service is great the food is fantastic! Come on down and give this place a try!!
1	The first time I came here something was wrong, they gave me a discount and a stamped card for a free meal. I went back after 6 months to give them a second chance and my biscuits and potatoes where cold upon being served. I noticed discoloration in my scrambled eggs and everyone elses eggs where bright yellow. .The food is over priced, My order was $8.50 and it didnt even include at least two pieces of sausage. the waitress could not do her job and notice that there was 3 of us and only 2 sets of utensils so I had to wave another employee down.  will never eat there again. I dub this place the bad egg
5	We tried this place this morning and we had a great experience. Our server was great and recommended a few things to us. We tried the Sundevil omelette and the pesto eggs Benedict. Both were great and exactly what we wanted. We also got a side of bacon - thick, but still crispy! Just the way it should be. The portions were big and we were able to skip getting kids meals for our children. And, there was an organic hot sauce (can't remember the name) on the table that we loved with the breakfast potatoes. We will definitely be back.
4	The service has improved since my last review, the food, prices & atmosphere make this the best breakfast value downtown. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price and no long wait this is where to go.
5	So of you're in the mood for something different the southwest chicken Philly sandwich is fantastic!
5	The best! We were very impressed with the customer service-seated quickly, and greeted by our server promptly.  We were even offered a free pancake for it being our first visit!  Definitely try the berry one.  Freakin fantastic. My new go to breakfast spot
4	Food was ok, coffee was good. The waitress was nice but forgot to order one of our entrees. I'll be back.
4	The food was amazing, good prices, service, and music. Plan on going back there very often. It's a great place to have breakfast or brunch. They do close at 230, so make sure you wake up early and get some food (:
4	The good egg used to be my absolute favorite breakfast place, but they got rid of the snickers and Oreo pancakes! What a bummer. My other old favorite, the la vida loca omelette, has also changed and is now called the Wild cat...what's that about? This is sun devil territory! The service was fantastic, and the food was great, but not as amazing as it used to be. I would still choose the good egg over restaurants such as IHOP any day.
4	My wife and I have been going to the good egg on camelback & central for years, the food is good and the service is great! I highly recommend the protein pancakes!
3	The Good Egg has reasonable food. It isn't amazing, but it's not bad. Prices are pretty reasonable, too.This location has lots of parking since it's in a shopping strip. Inside, the decor is a little dated, but I think that's a common theme for breakfast restaurants. The manager is very friendly and attentive; I think some of the servers should take a cue from him and try to do the same.French toast are big, loaded with cinnamon, and tasty. Bacon is nothing extraordinary. Veggie omelet is a reasonably good, healthy option. I like the breakfast potatoes, even if they are a bit plain.This isn't my first choice for brunch, but it's a pretty good, simple backup.
4	Great food and great service. I will definitely be coming back here in the future. Although, you have to watch your step, but its not a deal breaker.
4	This is my go to place for breakfast while in scottsdale. The  banana and pecan pancakes are the best. Service is friendly and efficient.  You really can't go wrong here.
1	I'm trying to think of a superlative I could possibly use here, and the only thing I could come up with is "exceptionally mediocre."  The Good Egg isn't doing anything exceptionally wrong, but they're doing exactly nothing right.The food is bland and unhealthy. The price is cheap but not a bargain. The service is mediocre to poor. The interior looks like it hasn't been deep cleaned in a decade or two.I guess all the innovative, intriguing food options in Phoenix has me feeling entitled to excellence. Mediocrity just isn't cutting it for me anymore, and this place is the epitome of mediocre.Edit: Went through the reviews and there are a whole lot of very similar, very suspicious looking four-star reviews, and a couple of obvious 5-star reviews coming from employees. Seems suspiciously like something a failing business would do to manipulate their Yelp rating upwards. Pathetic, so I'm bumping this from a generous 2-stars to a well-deserved 1.
2	I guess this is why I always go to the Good Egg on Central. It is always packed so I decided to try this one. It was quiet inside....no surprise. Food was decent. Service sucked. Took forever to be acknowledged for seating. Then the waitress just continued to disappear over and over again. If we needed anything...ketchup, fork, check, etc forget it. We had to flag down another waitress to go find ours and she would eventually show up with yet another excuse. Back to Central we go!
4	The atmosphere here is very nice. Not sure what the building was prior to becoming a restaurant, but it's pleasantly decorated. And the food quite tasty. This is my first visit to The Good Egg and I will have to keep it in mind for future breakfast visits.
4	I often meet colleagues and/or friends here for breakfast before work.  The food is fresh and flavorful, and the staff are all engaging.  It is a great place for a quick start to the day.  I know that service and quality will be consistent, which is important.
4	This location is closing. It has been my favorite place for breakfast . Staff is friendly and takes good care of us . I normally order egg whites and turkey with bacon bits and fresh avocado.  The have good  breakfast potatoes or fresh fruit. We will miss the restaurant
