4	Good:  Good dentist. Great hygienist.Bad:  Hard to talk to someone by phone.  Almost always have to leave message.      When I was visiting a nearby doctor, I asked him where I could find a good dentist.  He mentioned he and some of his employees went to Dr. Spence and that I should give him a try.   The office is small, maybe 3 rooms total.  Usually one person working the counter, one hygienist, an assistant and Dr. Spence.  I'm always seen with very little waiting and then I'm directed into the middle room for my cleaning.  The hygienist, Allison, is a gift from heaven.  She takes the time to talk to me, and her cleaning skills are unmatched.  She is so focused and extremely gentle with the cleaning instruments.  A characteristic of a hygienist I have never found in my entire life until now.  When the cleaning is done, I'm warmly greeted by Dr. Spence, who also takes time to talk with me.  (Not just about my teeth, but about any interesting subject.)  He then carefully has a look around my teeth and gums to make sure all is good.  For me, it's usually a thumbs up, and an appointment 6 months from then.  I can say this, if you are looking for a dentist you can trust, someone you know for certain is not just trying to make money off of dental work,  this is your guy.  Honest, knowledgable, gentle and smart.  He even works with you if you don't have insurance.  I lost my insurance for a while and it was still very affordable to visit for a cleaning and a filling (I had a tooth with chronic pain).  So if you decide to drop in for a cleaning or whatever your needs are for a dentist, take a deep breath, relax and know that you will be well taken care of here.     The only point of disagreement I have with the doctor is that I believe that mercury is toxic and has no business in our bodies (for fillings).  The doctor believes that it's not a problem and does not recommend replacing amalgams for that sole reason.  However, he does give the patient a choice if they wish to use composite instead of amalgam.  I suggest doing your own research to decide what's best for you.
5	Dr Robert Spence is gentle, caring and very knowledgeable. He has all the good qualities I can imagine for a dentist.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Dr. Spence and his staff!! Always wonderful to.
5	No one likes to go to the dentist, but Dr. Spence and his staff make it a pleasant experience.  Everyone is competent, friendly and enjoyable to deal with.  He never tries to suggest procedures you don't really need (as our past dental provider did).  I wish I knew about Dr. Spence years ago.  A really great and trustworthy practice!!!!!  Please never retire!
