1	I went in here to get my car fixed after it was running with only half the pistons and they couldnt find out what was wrong with it. Took it to a friend who worked on it for an hour and found three things that were contributing to the problem. After handing my car back to me, I found out they hadnt even put the intake back on the car. I dont think they were really interested in finding out what was wrong with my car to begin with. Will not be returning unless in dire straits.
4	Great service and great prices
5	Awesome and super friendly staff. They took the extra time to help me figure out what was best fr my needs and also helped me save a little money along the way. They squeezed me in for an appointment with very little notice which was much appreciated, but they were also conscious of my time constraints and were able to complete the job extremely quickly! :)
5	Great service. Quality repairs. Excellent communication. I have used them in the past for minor maintenance. In this instance I had failed emmisions. They were able to find the cause in under an hour. I was quoted $85 for a part from the dealership. Turned out they needed a different and more expensive part. They had to pay multiple courriers to different dealerships to find the part. Ended up costing them $160. Cody stuck to his original quote of $85. All said and done, I passed emmisions. It's rare to see a company take ownership at a capital loss. I will definitely be using them for all my service and repairs.
1	I purchased a Groupon for an oil change. Called to make an appointment. Was told : "they don't really make appointments. You have to call in the morning and they'll let you know if maybe I can fit you in later" Really? I have a kid, and a job, and a life. Let me just keep calling to see if I can spend my money with you? So he also says Saturdays are walk ins. So I get there Saturday at 8am. I'm told he's "not sure" if he can get to me today. "But I can hang around to see. But maybe he'll have to hold me over until Monday" . I am honestly shocked that this place has any customers with this lazy attitude. So much for the Fletchers by my house. I called the one on Thomas (near my work). Made an appointment in 5 minutes for Monday afternoon An actual appointment. And the guy was super friendly. I guess all Fletchers are NOT created equal.
1	The place is lousy. Longest wait time anywhere. Even a oil change takes a whole day. any car repair maybe 2 days, I got a quote for catalytic sensor, they wanted $500. I asked Oreily how much was the sensor, $40 they say. I asked another mechanic how long to put in sensor, he said 15 min. Flather is over price and incompetent
5	I let my granddaughter use my car for a trip to Disneyland with friends. On the way out of town, I had her stop by the Union Hills Fletcher Tire & Auto to have them check the air in the tires. Somehow the noticed that the radiator cap was leaking! They sent her over to buy a cap at the auto supply store then made sure the coolant level was fine and tires were all set. The only cost to her was the $8 for the cap. I am so thankful they noticed the leaking cap and saved her from most likely having a breakdown somewhere along the way. Thank you again!
5	I Went into this fletchers location because it's the closest one to me now that I've moved here to phoenix az.  And I must say,  I've never come across such friendly,  and informative employees at an auto shop before. I am extremely pleased with the services I received, and with the great competitive prices I'll never go elsewhere. I highly recommend this location to any and everyone.
5	Even though I have lived in my neighborhood for 32 years, this is the first visit to my nearby Fletchers Tire dealer at 35th Ave & Union Hills. My experience with this location is generally opposite of some past reviews for this facility. I had very good service from Mr. David Mendivil who provided tire options for my consideration. No pressure sales, just good customer service. They called me upon ordering and receiving my big tires the same day and even got me in close to 5:00pm and were done in 30 minutes. Service with a smile. Thanks, David. I'll be back.
2	Great for tires.  Terrible for oil changes.  I get more oil changes (or at least try to here) than I do tires.  Great Rewards Program though.  They just need to step up their oil change service.  Meaning, keep appointments and integrate their online appt system with their actual one.  Nothing like scheduling an appointment online for 3 days ahead and being told they are booked for the next 6 days when you call to see the best drop off time.
