2	I stayed at this hotel for two nights.. big mistake. the restroom was very small, bed was fine. I did feel like a construction worker. Diddo on what charlene said this stay was over priced I believe I would have been happier at a motel 6. the restaurant was a huge disapointment. I ordered the mussels which came out ok, but my $30 filet was over cooked and had zero taste, it literally tasted as if they just threw it on the grill and forgot to turn it. I sent that back and got the bacon chedder burger, could you believe they still asked me how I wanted it cooked. yes it came out over cooked again. I went back to the room and ordered out.
4	Sorry, but I disagree with the below.  We stayed on February 8th - 11th, 2013.  Yes, the hotel is under renovations (The indoor pool was closed during our stay.), but the rooms are great!  Newly renovated, nice flat screens, nice bathrooms and amenities.  The restaurant was not renovated yet, but the new market/Bistro was very nice.  There were free computers there for your use - I printed tickets, etc.; I believe there were three free work stations and a printer.  The business center and lobby were not yet opened either; as they were being renovated.  The staff was very nice - I would have given this hotel a "5", but the renovation, while well managed by the staff, is occurring, so I gave them a "4".  We'll be back in Pittsburgh this spring/summer to see family, and will definitely stay here again.
1	TERRIBLE HOTEL! My best friend had her wedding reception here so we traveled from MI to PA for two nights. Every time I called the hotel with questions IE "is there a refrigerator in the room?" Or "is there a deposit for using a debit card at check in?" Finally to "how many pillows do you put on a king size bed?" I got nothing but the runaround, either "I have no idea" to "no" or "yes" different answers every time. Their staff is terribly incompetent. During check in we were notified that not only do they charge the entire room rate for both nights on your debit card upon check in they also charge $40 a night for a deposit. Then they had the audacity to make us sign a paper saying the notified us. UGHHH how ridiculous. First set of keys they gave us didn't open the room. Spent 10 minutes getting a new key that worked.The next morning at 10am a staff member called my hotel room and told me I immediately needed to go to the front desk with a new credit card because mine was declined "today" and this needed to be sorted out immediately. I told her I would check my bank account and I would call her right back. I was pretty irritated that she called me that early and as she knew all the bridesmaids were getting their hair done in my room. Very unprofessional. I checked my bank account and they took out both despots and the normal room rate plus taxes both nights. I called this lady back and told her she's mistaken and she told me I need to straighten this out because I couldn't stay without paying! How dare her?! UGHHH then a moment later she says oh I'm sorry I ran it again just now and it looks like everything is fine sorry to bother you. I told her no I want to speak to your manager immediately. I spoke with Gary. Gary didn't seem to understand my frustration until I told him his entire staff is incompetent. He apologized and offered to bring us free mimosas for our problems. I thought everything had been solved until I checked my bank account Sunday upon leaving and that idiot staff member ran my debit card AGAIN! I was out over $300 for 3 days while the incompetent staff tried to reverse the transaction. On the looks of the hotel well nothing special honestly. I've stayed at better Days Inn and Comfort Inns. I would think with Hilton backing that hotel it would look cleaner but it honestly doesn't. Bathroom amenities and the TVs were nice but that's about all. Our door didn't properly shut had to slam it to get it to shut. For the wedding reception I was impressed by the lights which I learned after were never included in the wedding packed but were offered to the bride and groom since the hotel was under renovations. Oh and the hotel does have refrigerators in ever room which apparently no staff remember knows except the manager! I've never been to a hotel that hired such incompetent staff members. When I come to visit my best friend and her husband in Pittsburgh I will NOT be staying here!
4	Thoroughly comfortable room to enjoy total ME time.  Monkey feeling sick today, so yeah.  This room comfy.  Great for sleeping!  Beautiful day outside.  Monkey hopes to return soon to enjoy the spacious fitness center filled with ellipticals, treadmills and dumbells or maybe the indoor pool...
1	Room was nicely renovated and comfortable. Wait staff and housekeeping staff was friendly and helpful. That said, the front desk staff and day manager are rude and completely incompetent. I will often stay in a hotel near Pittsburgh so that I can enjoy the city and not have to drive an hour + back to Ohio. I will try a new hotel if I have a Groupon which was the case for this hotel. Four calls and 40 min later Staff was able to confirm a reservation using the Groupon. When I arrived, The staff had no clue how to enter this in their computers and a manager would take care of it. The manager never called during my stay. Upon checkout i found that I had still been charged twice for the room! The desk supervisor said that apparently the manager had not taken care of it and would not be in until two. When I calmly expressed how upset I was, the three women at the desk became rude and ganged up on me. The supervisor said a manager will call me when she gets in. I stated "I'm sorry if I have trouble trusting that". She said "Well we don't trust you either!" My 11 yr-old had to witness all this. $400 later, the issue has still not been resolved. Also, the place is obviously under renovation and be there early to get parking or put on you hiking boots! If you are in the main tower, you get to ride in beat up elevators with laundry carts and housekeeping/maintenance staff. This place is poorly run.
4	price is kind of rough but very good hotel.  everything was great.
4	I stayed here for one night on business and booked the day of my stay.  No problems whatsoever.  Staff was very professional and polite.Had breakfast in the morning and it was good but definitely hotel-priced.They do offer a lot of convenient amenities like the bistro with a la carte items, the gym, indoor pool, computer access & free wi-fi.The room was super CLEAN and quiet which was great.  Took a while to get the water temperature from scalding hot in the shower to something more reasonable.  That and the lack of available outlets in the room, which doesn't seem to be uncommon anymore, are the reasons I deducted a star.
5	Just got back from a conference at this hotel. From the cookies to the bar, this is a great place to stay! My favorite was the large fitness room with state of the art equipment. It's larger than some small gyms!!! If u like to work out like I do, I was so happy to be in this space everyday. The pool and hot tub is beautiful. There's a little cafe for small quick bits and a Starbucks. There's a bar with the best bartender, Vinnie. The restaurant buffet rocks with handmade omelletes. The conference/ meeting rooms have individual room controls which is great! The rooms were spacey and has a refrigerator  hidden in a cabinet. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the bed. It was too hard and if you are sharing it, if you move or just sit on the bed you move the other person and 'popped' the other person up in the bed. Pillows also could have been improved. Otherwise this is a must hotel for anyone driving through Pittsburgh!
1	I have stayed at the Doubletree Greentree four or five times, and today I'm asking myself why I keep coming back here.The fact that I spend 150+ nights per year in Hilton properties is lost on the staff at this hotel.  The fact that I am Honors Diamond, means nothing to them.In the future, when I plan travel to Pittsburgh, I will stay elsewhere.
5	I REALLY ENJOYED THIS HOTEL!!!First off it wasn't too far from downtown, and you can easily catch a cab downtown for not too much $$.  It feels like there is nothing around the place but there is, you just have to do some exploring.The staff here was so awesome and friendly, they were very helpful to tell us everything to do around town, what times, have an amazing map and list of places, were just really all about getting us the ALL we needed and wanted to know.  The bar inside the hotel was really nice, TV's were nice because sports were on and the bartender was very cool, and experimented with any kind of drinks we could make up he would try to make them and had some tasty concoctions of his own!  We really had a great time at that bar, almost too good of a time to actually leave and head downtown for the night, but it ranked higher than a lot of the places we went.I needed a good workout, couldn't ask for a better facility, had an indoor pool too and it was really nice.  The equipment was all new and there was plenty of it, I really enjoyed the gym there and visited it a couple times!!!If you're ever in the area, need a nice place to stay, very affordable, great amenities and friendly as can be staff, this is the place your looking for!
1	I called the hotel at 6:29 to tell them I needed pickup from the airport and was told it would be 20-30 minutes. After 45 minutes I call the hotel again and am told it will be 5 more minutes. Finally at 7:26 the van pulls up. Three more minutes and it would be an hour that I waited for the shuttle. The driver is rude and we continue to sit at the airport and wait 15 more minutes. By the time I get to the hotel I have been in pit for nearly two hours, severely cutting into an already limited rest period which is slightly crucial for the people working your flights. Horrible customer service and a waste of time.
4	Due to a convoluted chain of events in the airline world, my flight from Pittsburgh to Denver via Atlanta was canceled the other night due to a snowstorm in Chicago.  I'm still not quite sure how that happened, but I ended up spending a night at this DoubleTree courtesy Southwest/AirTran, and it definitely could have been worse.The people at check-in were friendly and helpful.  My room was large and super clean.  The bed was very comfortable, and the water pressure was fantastic.  I didn't go to the bar, but it looked nice.  There's a cafe/store on the first floor, and they had surprisingly good pizza at a reasonable price, along with drinks (with and without alcohol) that you can purchase and bring to your room.  The free shuttle to and from the airport was obviously a necessity, and both drivers I had were nice.  This is too far from the airport to really be a convenient pre-flight hotel, but they did a good job.  The free cookie was a nice touch, and WiFi worked well on the second floor.This is the only time I've ever spent in Pittsburgh, so I can't really comment on the area, accessibility to tourist attractions or business centers, etc.  I also can't comment on value for the price.  But if you have to spend the night because of a blizzard 500 miles away, I'd definitely recommend it.
3	Th Champions Club at the Hotel had a great layout and decorations. I had the Filet which was listed with a Demi glaise fingerlings and caramelized onions. Instead of medium I received medium-rare and the Demi glaze was like syrup, and touched everything on the plate and the onions were red and had no caramelization. Served never refilled us and didn't checks in much. Overall bad experience :(
3	Mostly a typical double tree, but i can do without the train horns all night as it sits next to a rail yard.
4	Very nicely renovated.  I would highly recommend. I would give it more stars but it took a while for the staff to notice me at check-in.
5	Love this place.  The staff is great.  Rooms renovated.   Cool bar.   Happening place.
1	Worst nights of sleep in my life.  Many of the mattresses have air bladders instead of memory foam or a traditional spring. The problem is that they put so much air in these beds it feels like I am sleeping g on concrete.  I asked the front desk after the first day and they said they would have it adjusted.  Night number 2 was even worse. At about 11 am I called and asked for a new room or rollaway bed.  None were available until the next day...  The restaurant was just as bad.  I went to the hostess and the hostesses asked me "what do you want" to which I replied "a table" the. They asked "what for".  At this point it had been 2 days since I got any sleep so I replied "I just want some food....) and gave them a perplexed stare.  The manager watched the whole thing and gave me a rude look.   The only good quality this hotel had was the in room air conditioners.  63 degrees all night long!!
1	Air unit in room sent us fleeing into the hall. Smelled like something burning and rotting at the same time. Our second room had a functioning unit, but was dirty--stained bedding, clipped toe or fingernails in carpet, brown something (hopefully chocolate??) smeared on the door handle, vent in shower choked with dust and dirt, the scent of must and mildew covered up with potent artificial fragrance, and on and on. Will absolutely never stay here again. This is quality I would expect from a bargain chain, and even then I'd be grossed out.
3	A Double Tree representative reached out to me after I completed an online survey and apologized sincerely for our unpleasant stay. Her prompt follow-up, as well as the refund she provided, was both unexpected and appreciated. While we won't be giving this particular location another try, she certainly renewed our faith in the Double Tree brand. We'll seek them out again.
4	Stayed here for one night after seeing a Pirates game. Nice hotel, excellent staff, decent room, very clean. As a HH Gold member, I got two free breakfasts ($30 value) at the hotel restaurant (just had to leave a tip). The hotel is actually a collection of connected buildings, which can be a little confusing - 2-3 for guest rooms and another for meeting / banquet rooms. We had a room on an upper floor - it was very quiet.There is a big indoor / outdoor pool - during the winter I think they just block off the outdoor portion so you can still swim indoors. There is also a whirlpool / hot tub. The exercise center is big, and there is a cafe / shop if you don't want to eat at the restaurant.There is a free shuttle bus to and from the airport (about 20 minutes away) which runs fairly often. When you arrive, just call and they'll send the shuttle if it's not already on the way.The location is suburban/ industrial - which means no easy access to public transportation. If you don't have a car, you'll need a cab to get to/from downtown ($15 each way). The hotel shuttle does not go downtown. There are two city bus lines (31 and 38) about 1/2 mile away, but they don't run late and you will need to walk along a busy, narrow, hilly road to get to them. The fare is $2.50 each way for adults.
2	Stayed here for 3 nights.  The rooms smelled like a sewer and did not feel clean.  Dust in corners, stains on bedding, some stranger's clothing in one of our drawers (must have been left from the last guests??). The showers really could use some updating.  They lost our reservation leaving my parents without a room on the last night.  They said they could have a room at a neighboring hotel.  When they got there they were informed that there was no room for them there either.  They came back to the double tree and threw a fit and were given a room (there was a room all along!!!).  My mom just had to throw a fit in order for them to give them a room.  Unbelievable.  I was really SO disappointed in our experience here.  I would have given them one star if it wasn't for a few staff members who were actually very friendly and helpful.  Our waitress at breakfast was wonderful and really took good care if us.  I sadly cannot recall her name.
4	I ended up staying here for a conference that was held in the hotel and overall I had an enjoyable experience.At times, the front desk staff look flustered with the large crowds constantly at the desk but they never skipped a beat and managed to consistently provide prompt, reliable service. The conference rooms were always well stocked with water, glasses and candy. If you are in a workshop all day, you realize how beneficial these things can be.My sleeping room included a refrigerator and a digital thermostat that heated the room in 10 seconds flat (slight exaggeration). The hotel is not brand new but also not in need of any renovations any time soon. For 2014, it is perfect!In addition, the Double Tree Green Tree provides complimentary shuttle service to the airport which is 20 minutes away. Upon check out, I had a miscommunication incident with one of the staff members but once I let my issue be known to management, it was resolved instantaneously. Customer service at its finest!
4	I stayed here for two nights for a work conference. We hosted the conference at the hotel, and although I didn't do any of the organizing, from my end it was a pleasant experience. The rooms were clean, the food was good, and the staff was friendly. Who doesn't love a free cookie at check in?? If you're unfamiliar with Pittsburgh, this hotel is not located in the middle of the city. I'd stay again.
