3	Driving by the Zappos outlet, I had been wanting to take a visit!  Excited that I would definitely be walking out with some new kicks, at least a pair or two, I left disappointed.First off, it's a pretty big store and there's no order except for size. The men's selection is basic - so fellows, don't waste your time.  The BF was done in less than five minutes and he LOVES shoes!  For us ladies - you'll walk up and down the aisles glancing from left to right, up and down at anything in your size.  They are all mixed up -sneakers, heels, sandals, flip flops, etc.  And there's lots of shoes that are above what I can see!  Yeah, I'm short!  But I wasn't the only complaining in there about not being able to see the shoes on the top levels.There's a 'haute couture' section too.  Fun to try on, very expensive to buy.  I also thought there would be better bargains here, but the shoes were still pretty expensive for an outlet.  Even when I thought I found a steal on Converse, the BF informed me that it wasn't such a great deal afterall.  What a bummer.Nonetheless, if you have the time to stroll through all the aisles, and don't mind jumping up and down to see all the shoes, you may get lucky! I wasn't so fortunate. Sidenote: They have a 10% off coupon in the Las Vegas Weekly!
4	We went because we had a 10% off coupon from the newspaper.  They always have them every day.  Anyway, I found $80 Phat Farm shoes for only $20!  I was very happy!  The place is huge.  The only drawback is that it was very difficult to find and you might not always find what you want.
3	Meh.  I cannot tell you how excited I was to discover the Zappos Outlet during my recent trip to Vegas.  My love for shoes comes darn close to my current love (read: obsession) with yelp.com.  The outlet has a Shoe Pavillion type feel with rows and rows of shoes stacked up to 6'.  Normally, this would give me that happy, tingly feeling inside, but once I started looking I realized most of the shoes were the crappy shoes no one else wanted on zappos.com.  I did find two pairs of  great designer shoes - one pair (that I actually purchased) were a pair of pink funky peep toe Bruno Magli heels.  With all of the discounts they were $70.Tip:  They have a 10% discount if you have a AAA card.
3	Having an plan and a few hours to kill in Vegas can be a good thing. On my way out of the city last NYE I noticed a freaking Zappos outlet and nearly lost my mind. I didn't have time to stop then but I vowed to return, and thanks to my stellar sense of direction I picked up my rental car and made it straight there--no maps needed! Now my sister had already warned me not to be too excited, but that was nearly impossible. Still, lil sis knows best some times. Most of the inventory here is the junk that no one wanted from the site. Like, I could have made a picture book of bad shoes with most of what they were selling. I spent about two hours wandering around and only found two pairs of shoes worth my time. I didn't know about the coupons, but they were having two sales so I benefited from both. The staff couldn't have been nicer either. For a true shoe junkie its worth a visit, but don't expect to be blown away unless you're a tacky shoe collector! HINT: There are four locations now around the city...
2	I was excited to see a Zappos.com outlet -  there are three locations in the Vegas area. I chose to go to this one based on a call I made to the store - I asked which was the best one, the person said this location was because they get the first shipment of closeouts, and then the ones that don't sell then get distributed to the other locations. So I was pretty psyched to check it out!!The store itself is big - a large part of it is dedicated to women's shoes. The men's department is off to the side in a seperate room, which was cold and not very well lit. The selection of shoes I thought were so-so for the size range I was looking for. I was a little disappointed - I was expecting a lot more. This was no different from a DSW or similiar store.
3	Who knew Zappos actually had a physical outlet?! We discovered it by accident driving on the freeway in Vegas! We were pretty excited, but when we got there, it was a bit of a letdown. I thought for sure I'd leave with a few pairs in hand, but nada! I didn't find much I liked in the warehouse, and some of the stuff was probably 2-3 seasons or more, old. Oh, well...I'll stick to their site. They seem to have better product on the site. I'm not completely knocking the brick and mortar site because I'm sure this place is probably a haven for shoe fanatics. Just that it wasn't for me that day.
4	Any place where I can buy nice dress shoes for less than $40 is a winner in my book!  Its hit or miss everytime you go but the finds make it all worth it.
1	Based on the online site I expected acres of shoes. what I got was a tiny room with less selection than a Payless.  the women's section looked bigger but I'm a man so you know...
4	The Zappos outlet on Dean Martin is closed.  The other two outlets in Vegas are closing on Dec. 30.My wife loved that place.  She went there every time we went to Vegas.
5	http://www.zappos.com/product/7452778/color/21196I bought these for my god daughter as her first pair of gotta-have-em shoes.Isn't that what godmothers are supposed to do? Apparently I'm also my own fairy godmother and Zappos might be some kind of Oz full of wizards because they:Helped me find a discontinued pair of exagerratedly pointy kitten heel shoes in the perfect shade of WICKED green.Shipped a second pair in blaspheming black.and they don't judge me. They just ship me more shoes.AND they hired my beautiful sister in spirit, Ruthifer. I saw her on a show about their company.They should know then that they better treat her right. or I willDROP A HOUSE ON THEM.oh and if some yelper nicknamed pinkie that tried to banish my yelper sister hobbles in...well, tell her I have reserved a special pair of extra-wide Birkenstocks with glue to your feet socks that she can wearFOREVER.ah there. spell cast. now what was I (still) doing? oh yes. I'd like those elegant heels in a seven. in black. on sale. on me.
