4	Fresh and Easy is opening in June 2008.  They have broken ground on the site and are about halfway through the foundation.Fresh and Easy is a subsidiary of the popular Tesco chain from Great Britain.  They have smaller stores stocked with ready to heat dinners, and foods that have been prepared enough to require minimal preparation before serving.  One can find salads that are ready to serve as well as salad mix in bags and small packages of meats or cheeses to toss on top.  They have fresh dressings, fresh juices (some unpasteurized) and smaller sized bags of vegetables and potatoes.  It isn't necessary to buy a 10 lb bag of potatoes or overpriced single potatoes anymore.On my last trip to fresh and easy, i picked up a package of shrimp for shrimp cocktail, a heat and serve ravioli dinner, real cheddar cheese (not the US soft yellow version) and separate packages of pasta and sauce.  They had a wine aisle with quite a few good reasonably priced choices, and a meat aisle with plenty of sausages, beef, pork, and chicken cuts... all hormone free.  The meat prices were very good considering that they are comparable to other grocers and are still providing hormone and antibiotic free meats for which others are horribly overcharging.The only thing i thought was lacking was the selection of sugar free beverages in the soda aisle.  I just don't think grocers can use the excuse that no one wants them anymore.  Consumers have become more health conscious and no longer want extra sugar.  I hope they will correct this and have plenty of the staples i need when the new store opens in June.
5	I visited here Saturday night for the first time.  I loved it!  Perfect for a single girl that doesn't cook much...Not for lack of want, but for lack of time.  They had a nice selection of pre packaged meals and ingredients to cook your own.  I spent way less here than I ever do at other markets.I'll be back!
3	Like the convenience and prices on some items. Disappointing that they don't take manufacturer coupons.  Some items are missing (low cal, low carb, etc)
5	Hate to say it, but I totally love F+E. The prices are great, there's plenty of sale stuff to keep my recipes interesting, and I like the all self-serve checkout for when I don't really want to chat over my wine + ice cream + tampon purchase (How's my day? I menstruate. It's terrible. That's how my fucking day is.). Um, yeah. TMI? Maybe. Just go here. It's great.
4	Fresh and Easy's are great.  My only issues is how quickly some of the foods from this store go bad.  Don't buy for a week from now unless it is frozen!
