5	this vapor store is well designed and is in a great location. Drew and Steve are cool and will help you with whatever you need. Prices are good and flavors are bomb. What else can you ask for.
2	I went in today to have a look at their selection, i walked in and no one was there. I heard someone snoring in the back so i figured i would take a peek. As i thought, someone was laying on the couch sleeping! ahah. I hate waking people up so I took a few business cards, took note of their products, and went on my way.Products were some of what i am looking for, drip tips, and batteries, and also looking for new brands of liquid i haven't tried out. I'll be back in a few days maybe, and hopefully someone will be awake to answer a few of my questions.It's a small store from what i saw, i didn't see any testers i could help myself to, i did see a showcase full of flavors which was nice. I did find a couple that caught my eye as i was reading them. Other than that, it was a shame i walked in at a bad time.for now 2/5 stars i can't leave this mistake unsaid.
5	Great place! I've been meaning to stop in and I'm glad I did. The guys running the place are very helpful and knowledgeable which is sometimes hard to find at some vape shops in town. They didn't have any high end mods in stock when I came in but did have a nice selection of inexpensive mods all of which are well reviewed. I asked if they were getting in any higher end ones and they told me they had some on order so I have something to look forward to. Oh and juice prices were great and give10% off!
3	I dropped in months ago when they just moved into the spot with Tien to just look. It seemed promising enough, they had their own juice line coming in and had samples on the counter we could smell. Once I was into vaping, I was determined to come back and see how this juice came out. It seems like they have having trouble with whom they were working with on the juice as they don't have anything out and said it's been a project put on hold. They have starter kits and some affordable beginning mechanical mods so you may want to stop by for a kit. They had a few juice flavors from 3 brands, but they don't have any samples out at all. It's kinda hard to commit to buying a juice you can't even taste as there are good and bad items out there. There was a good variety of various cartomizers/tanks/clearomizers in the case though and not bad drip tip selection. The guy that we talked to the first time was there and just as nice to me and the BF and showed us various configurations on this Sentinel model mechanical we were curious about. Frankly, it's in a business building that's easy to pass by and not notice it and then the fact they have a few juices and you cant try it, it doesn't make for the best foot traffic. I feel bad because the guy was super cool. If they can market themselves too better it can help. They weren't even on the vapor shop map that the large local Vegas Vapor Vendor group curates. If they can have samples of juice, have some popular VV/VW mods on top of their merchandise and get in touch with the community more they could significantly improve their business. I feel bad because the guy was super cool, but it sits A-OK compared to some well tuned in shops we have.
5	I never knew anything about vapers or vaping but these guys were awesome not only got me the vaper I needed but explained everything I needed to know about the device and the ins and outs of how to maintain and keep it clean. Knowledgeable staff no pushy selling person made me very comfortable. I felt walking out very confident in my purchase and will always go see them for anything I need. Great place
5	Got my starter kit....love it!!! Can't wait to come back for more!!! Thanks Drew. .....so many selections and great prices....n he is super knowledgeable! !! Come by if you need anything VAPORS
1	What can I say I am a hardcore vapor collector I have to say if your looking for high end mods attys batteries this is not the place ...this place dosent have anything except k101 and etwist... I'm surprised there ain't closed down yet cause like I said there's nothing here compared to yosi Truvape vapestreet and other Vape shops out here ...but I do have to say Alex is a real cool guy that works here go on the Instagram and u can see all the stuff they have it's not impresive
5	Im beginner vaporer and I came here looking to see what this trend was about. I was helped Drew.  He was very helpful and informative.  I went to the other stores like Yoshi and Tru vape and those we super expensive.  For a beginner like me I didn't need all those fancy parts. I picked up a cheap kit and the house juice here.  I must say the house juice was delicious.  Right off the freeway so it was quick and easy.  I recommend coming here for affordable vape.
