5	Cool little izakaya ,started with the wakame salad was really good then went for there ribs they were delicious, i highly suggest there cocktails it served in a vintage champagne glass looked a bit small but waitress explained that its still has the same alcohol then martini glasses, service was good and prices were really unexpensive wouldn't be surprised if they go up.Will be Back Mat!!
5	Great food , super fresh,funky drink menu unique decor, very well priced. Loved this place
3	With the opening of Kazu and his huge popularity, Montreal's restaurant scene was bound to change. In the last years and probably the next ones too, izayakas (which translate to japanese bar) are going to be everywhere. And Biiru jumped on the occasion to open a new trendy and eclectic restaurant in an area where young profesionnals are always looking to have a good time and spend some cash on good drinks and good food. Yes the place is beautiful with high ceilings, good music and a what will look like a beautiful terrace in summer. But, when it comes to food, Biiru unfortunately does not  deliver. The seaweed salad was too citrusy and lack some flavour. The gyoza were just OK nothing to die for. And the chirazhi sushi that I had was lacking something..maybe some texture? Overall go for the vibe and the dexor if you are in the area but with the excellent selection of trendy and lively place in Montreal that offer good food at good price, your hard earned cash can do better in term of food.
5	This is a great place! Very nice decor, great food, good ambience for an evening with co-workers or casual night out, and good customer service. I have come here many times, and I have 2 favourite waitresses; friendly, talkative and social. (I had a 3rd waitress one other time and her service was bad - not social, didn't know to at least make an effort to say 'Hi', couldn't speak Eng/Fre... well, could have been her first day as a waitress...ever.)I recommend the fried chicken, candied salmon, ribs (beef + pork), mushroom pancake....and of course their specialty drinks!  Definitely a repeat customer, and I have introduced this place to all of my friends to which they have visited at least twice and are repeat customers too!  Remember to make reservations!!!... and cool bathrooms!
4	hello friends,It's been a while I know, lots of drama going on behind the scenes, anyways. Maybe getting back to writing reveiws will be therapeutic for me so here goes...We went here a few months back, they had just opened like the week before and we thought well it's always Kazu or Imadake, it's time we found a new izakaya to add variety, and so Biiru pops up...We had no rsvp, but we got a table. Which was nice. We ordered a whole bunch of things, from ribs, shortrib, soba noodles, gyoza to okonomiyake, fried chicken and yakitori. The only thing we couldn't get was ramen, which they didn't have yet.I told the waitress sarcastically, you expect me to come back for the ramen? I don't think so. But in the end I told her since the food was so good I would come back to check out the ramen. The single best dish was the ribs, fall off the bones, juicy and tender, a little on the sweet side, but since we were four, I only had 2 pieces and the sweetness didn't get to me. The second best thing was the soba noodles which had some bacon bits and kimchi dressing which was easily the most original thing I've had this year.The rest of the food was very good also, but nothing stood out like the ribs and the soba, we finished with a sake bomb and some japanese cheese cake. The place definitely has ambience. I still have not gone back to try the ramen yet but I will soon.
5	The first night we came here they were full, so we made sure to get a reservation on Saturday night. The food was great (small plates let you sample a selection).  We had the pork ribs (fall-off-the-bone yummy), the mushroom cabbage pancake (which actually tasted more  of fish, but still good), and a couple of skewers.  My drink was really tasty as well. Since it started to pour halfway through our meal, we got to experience the patio and the inside restaurant, which were both pleasant in their own way!  The server was very helpful and good at making recommendations.  A great experience overall!
5	Excellent cocktails, excellent staff, and OH MY GOD THE PORKRIBS...Seriously, just get the ribs.  They are a beautiful stack of porky goodness that would make even a Jewish person lose their faith and dig in.  We also had some things from the robatta, all good.  The shumai were also a big win, and I would recommend them as a perfect starter, FOR THE RIBS (nom).
5	We had a great time here for dinner with friends after work. We ordered a bunch of different items off the menu and they were all delicious! Also had sake bombs which was fun!
4	What a fun and trendy place to visit for dinner! Not sure if they are Imadake competitors or owned by the same person, but this place was awesome (maybe more awesome than Imadake even....).Service was hands down, the FASTEST I've ever seen in the city (5 dishes out in less than 7 minutes!!!), and done with big smiles and good overall energy.We decided to go for a few dishes so that we could sample everything and ended up with the following:1. Salmon sashimi on watermelon - disappointing. Salmon tasted not fresh and didn't really work with the watermelon. 2/52. Fried chicken with black pepper mayo - pretty good..not too much breading and good portion size. 4/53. Pork ribs - amazing!!!! 5 or 6 large ribs with a very yummy sauce that was slightly sweet but not overpowering. 6/54. Japadog - Not a fan but hubby liked it. Interesting concept though! 3/55. Edamame Then for dessert we went for the:6. Kitkat brownie - holy amazingness. One of the best brownies I've ever had! 8/5 (haha)7. Japanese cheesecake - not so good...weird texture and not too flavorful 1/5.Overall, we were in and out in under an hour, and all the dishes above plus 2 glasses of wine were only $80, so super decent price for the quality of food presented!I strongly encourage you to go and check it out and try to sample different items from the menu because they have a lot of interesting options! I will definitely be back!Bon apetit!
3	If I could give this place 3.5 stars I definitely would but Yelp won't let me so there.Biiru has a great vibe and both the outdoor patio and the restaurant interior are well designed. The big murals and the interesting lighting fixtures give it an artsy feel and the overall tone of the place is pretty cool which is rare for a downtown Montreal spot.They have a nice little Isakaya style menu with food that's best for sharesies and a good choice of asian beers and cocktails.Although the food itself didn't blow my mind, it's pretty solid overall and the general experience was quite fun. This is a great spot for a small group of friends that wants something nice but casual. I'd say it's definitely worth trying out if you're downtown and looking for a place that is not packed with cheesy 9 to 5ers or tourists.
5	Everything at the restaurant was delicious. We shared 5 plates and everything we had was amazing!
1	I really did not like this restaurant. Its way too loud. I felt pressured to eat because the dishes kept coming so quickly. Last but not least it was so cold all I wanted to do was leave. So many other Japanese restaurants in montreal are better than that. We ordered the gyoza which were not very tasty. How are ribs or corn in any way Japanese? The only decent dish was eda mame.
5	Loved that restaurant. It was definitely a discovery. When ordering, do consider that the portion of the dishes are small, so the idea is to try a couple of dishes and share if you are with someone.Ask the waiter for advices if need be. I was lucky enough to have a very good waiter that gave us good suggestions. Specially the pink sake. Delicious. And do try the drinks.
4	A friendly place with a young crowd.   The Pork Ribs were amazing, and the portion was bigger than I expected.  The Fried Chicken  was very good and the Yakitori was really solid.Fast service, a nice patio, and lots of happy people.   The beer was priced a little high, but we will be back
5	Artistic dishes wirh generous portions. Pretty wait staff who know their dishes and provide excellent service. Very friendly owner who likes to check in with his guests. Fusion Japanese done right. Would blow many of the Japanese restaurants in the SF Bay Area out of the water. Dishes range from $8-15. The jazz music in the background work great with the Japanese art and the candlelight. Open for 7 months, but I can see it'll be around for quite a long time. Wish they had one in San Mateo. Maybe next year!
4	I like trying new isakaka because the portion are small. Go there with friends for drink and the ambiance. Dont hesitate to order many dish to share. That tofu and mushroom okonomiaki is delish. My friend love her pork sparerib, they look darn good! The service was slow but who care you are here to have a good time!
4	I booked this restaurant as a plan B since Imadake was fully booked for Saturday. I must say our group of 10ppl were not disappointed. This izayaka is a gem, tucked away in the corner street and all you see is a Japanese flag glowing. Decor is super edgy and artistic, nice ambience, tint more trendy than a bar. I just wish the music was a bit more toned down, I wanted to hear the waitress and the buzzing sounds of ppl chatting. My Meal review: 1. Pork ribs - Omg mouth watering! Fall off the bone goodness, hint of sweetness where it's not overly done. 4.5/5 2. Bowl Chirashi Zushi - I was in heaven! Nice pieces of butter like salmon, nice flavors with the pickled cucumbers! Yum! I keep dreaming of it. 4.5/5 3. Yakitori - baby octopus, I was excited about this one because I'm such a seafood lover. This one I wasn't sure, I think the marinade might have made it to jelly like. I was expecting more of a char to the tentacles. Still very tasty. It was 3/5. I would have liked to see grilled squid instead! 4. Beef short ribs - I have a thing for fat and a bit if cartilage. This delicious meat was smoky and sweet. 4.5/5 5. Cheese ravioli - meh. Not my favorite. 1/5 6. Fried chicken - ohhhh crispy goodness!! Recommend you get this. Lightly battered. 4/5 That's my thoughts on the food. Oh FYI the drinks are very good! we agreed the food was an overall 4/5. I wish they had a bit more options with grilled food! That's what I want to eat with a beer. Overall I would totally go back :) Vana
3	The place was packed and it looked very popular.There's a wait at the door before we're seated, and the waitress tells us that we have a time limit to eat because the table is booked at - so and so O'clock. I'm seated at a little table and chairs touching chairs.. more like jackets touching jackets to the neighbors next to us and I always wonder about the fire and hazard regulations when I'm seated like this. I was taken to this restaurant and was told it's a Japanese Tapas restaurant. All the dishes that came left me a little confused. WHY?! cause they were all mixed Asian foods. Some were Korean, some were Chinese, some were Japanese.At one point someone served us an interesting dish only to take it back soon after we took some pictures of it because it turns out we hadn't ordered it. Thank god they caught on to that! cause it looked good. I loved the Modern Western Japanese twist Art that are on the walls, and the sleek decor. But I felt cramped in the busy and somewhat loud restaurant. After paying the bill and after leaving, I felt it was a little too over priced for food that wasn't that spectacularly good.
