3	David's Bridal didn't really do wrong by me, but they definitely didn't help to ease any of my pre-wedding jitters.  For six months I went to this place seemingly weekly for this little thing or that little thing, and most of the time it was an easy enough transaction.  Most of the people were very nice and used to working with brides who are about to go Bridezilla.  They were very helpful in helping me find my dress and scheduling alterations.Unfortunately, the person they set me up with for the alterations wouldn't listen to anything I said about how I wanted the dress to fit and what felt comfortable and a few days before my wedding I tried on a far too big, horribly hanging dress and had to get it re-altered at the last minute.  After measuring my bridesmaids and Maid of Honor they still ordered dresses that were two sizes too small for everyone, which added to another bout of frantic panic as we tried to get the right size in with time enough to be altered before the wedding.I'm not married anymore and I don't plan on ever being married again, but if it happens I'm going through the drive through.  Dealing with all this crap isn't necessary.
4	I had an occasion to look for a tiara and could not find any in Las Vegas.I was recommended to David's Bridal on Sahara Ave.I stopped in hoping to get what I needed on short notice.The store is amazing ....My Daughter got married this summer and I mentally compared David's Bridal to the shop  where my daughter got her dress. David's has a huge dress selection and a mnumber of fitting rooms.Their service was outstanding  ......Friendly ....and, oh by the way ... I got the Tiaras I needed on super short notice.I am probably not an expert on bridal shops ....But David's looks like a great place to me.I know my daughter would have liked it.
3	Nice selection of dresses in various price ranges in a nice setting (large fitting room area and seating for the men in your group). This was one of the bridal stores that I went to when I began my search for my wedding dress. I saw a couple dresses that I liked but it was just a "maybe." The salesperson was very nice and assisted me with everything- got me a pair of heels, some accessories (veil- the prices were a little high for this category), and numerous dresses to wear (also helped me getting into them- jeez, some of them were really heavy). I appreciated all her help and attention. I told her that I just couldn't commit at that time. I needed to see what my other options were- to see other dresses. The salesperson gave me a call a few days later; telling me about a sale- you know, that one final push to make a sale? I felt pressured but I still held my ground. I felt bad but none of those dresses had the excited feeling one is supposed to get- one that made me feel special.On the plus side: (1) there are so many options on the website, for bridesmaid dresses in the sale section- you could check it out beforehand, if you're not sure about the styles (2) the location is right off the Strip, across the street from the Palace Station (Go to Landry's for Happy Hour- yum). (3) I think that most dresses here are off the rack. (4) $99 sale that they advertise every year.
3	I was looking around town for a suitable bridesmaid's dress so I decided to stop by David's Bridal.This place is packed with all sorts of dresses and accessories for reasonable prices. When I say reasonable, I mean about $50-100 less for your standard bridesmaid garb. However, you have to know that the quality you are getting - in terms of workmanship and material - are definitely reflected in the price.With regards to my girlfriend's wedding (50 people, intimate setting), I wanted something presentable - "wedding"-like without spending beaucoup bucks.So I wander through store. Thankfully, everything is in semi-normal dress sizes. You normally wear an 8-10, you'll get an 8-10. It's really a Godsend for a fashion-idiot like me.Service is pretty much like an ordinary dress store - ordinary, not extraordinary. You need to scope out your dress and they'll occasionally peep in on you to see if you need another size. They also didn't seem to mind that I was taking photos of myself in various attire so I could double-check the dress selection with my friend.In the end, I did get my dress from here. They were willing to hold onto it for me for 1.5 days which was nice of them to do. Although I could have some alterations done to snug up the waistline, I decided against because 1) it's Restaurant week,  2) I'm cheap, 3) alterations are a b*@#h, and 4)I don't want to leave things to chance.So I left - underbudget ($86 including tax), no alterations and most importantly, bride-approved. Sweet.I want to note that if you bought the dress at David's Bridal, they will press your gown for you before the wedding. You'll need to make an appointment for 1 week prior and alterations will take care of it for you.
4	So far, in my wedding dress hunt, I have two top choices in town in the quality of service provided.  One is Bridal Elegant and the other top is David's Bridal.  I have been here 3 times and all three times, Jennifer has been the very helpful associate helping me.  I understand that a bridal store employee may become jaded with working with brides, bridesmaids, mothers and bridezillas, but Jennifer is calm, collected and helpful.  She's very willing to pull any dress you want to try on.  It's an easy no pressure situation.Conclusion:  Though I have a couple dresses in the running for being the dress, I haven't chosen THE ONE, yet.  I will be back to David's Bridal and I want Jennifer to help me.  p.s.  Vera Wang is coming to David's Bridal soon!
4	This David's Bridal was very nice and clean. The staff were friendly. It was my friend that was being annoying and a diva. I think that the prices are too high though. Michael and Heather were very helpful.
1	I went in to David's Bridal walked in and walked over to bridemaids dresses look at them then walked over to wedding dresses and not one person spoke a word to me. I will never go back to that store.
4	It was many years ago. I went into this store looking for my wedding dress. The staff were great.  They brought what you needed, made recommendations, etc. if you need a pretty dress that fits and now, this is the place for you.
1	AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE! I was made to feel more like a number than a bride!! I went in, filled in a form with my details and was told to wait 20 minutes, which was fine as I had my bridesmaid with me so we used the time to look for a dress for her. When I finally had someone come to help me (Kathy), she asked if I had looked at dresses before I visited. I said I had and knew just the style I wanted and that I had brought in a picture to "give her an idea of what I was looking for" [verbatim]. I showed her the picture of the dress (which I already knew I couldn't get it anywhere in Las Vegas and I had only brought in the picture so show the type of style I was looking for, not that exact dress, which I explained) and she screwed up her face and spat, "Oh, we don't have THAT!". I calmly explained I knew she didn't and repeated that I just brought in a picture to give her an idea of the style I liked. The dress in my picture had a veil on the back and she said, "Oh, you want a dress with a veil then? Here you go!" and pointed at a dress on display that looked NOTHING like the dress I had shown her, nor the veil for that matter. The only similarity was that the veil was at the back. (Aren't most of them?) I could see she was being short with me and rude but I held my tongue, and explained I wanted a Mermaid style dress with button up corset and sweetheart neckline. "Oh" she said and led me over to a loooooong rack of dresses in plastic and "Go through these and pick out some you like. "Great!," I responded, "So, these are all Mermaid style with sweetheart necklines?" She looked at me like I was stupid and again spat at me, "NO! But you might like some." First, we brides-to-be know that you can't tell what a dress looks like when it's just hanging on a rack. And I'm not going to waste precious hours of my day trying on dresses that I KNOW I already don't like the look of! Second, most of us have spent months pouring over bridal magazines to get an idea of what styles we like or would know would suit our body shape. I went in KNOWING what I wanted to try on and David's Bridal couldn't have cared less about what I wanted. I obligingly went through the rack anyway as the nasty woman left to go abuse some other poor unsuspecting customer... and surprise, surprise...I didn't see anything I liked. I gave up, told the girl at the front desk that I wasn't receiving good customer service and grabbed a catalogue to read whilst my bridesmaid finished trying on her dress. The nasty woman found me again and asked if I had picked any dresses out and I explained to her there was nothing I saw that suited my taste and that I was already frustrated that she hadn't listened to my request. My experience was already ruined so I excused myself when my bridesmaid returned and we left the store, never to return. And I swear I never will go back to that store nor will I ever recommend this place to anyone else. David's Bridal makes enough profit off the sales of their dresses to not only afford MORE staff so people don't have to wait or make appointments but I'm sure they can afford QUALITY staff - not angry, arrogant sales staff that don't have passion for their job nor understand the importance of their customers finding the right dress. A week later, Kathy called me and left a message to say "...Sorry you FELT like you didn't receive good service...." and went on to try to get me to come back in to the store. (Yes, she did emphasize the "FELT"). News for you, Lady: I ABSOLUTELY, UNQUESTIONABLY, UNDENIABLY DID NOT RECEIVE GOOD SERVICE AND I'LL BE SPENDING MY MONEY SOMEWHERE WHERE I'M MADE TO FEEL WELCOME AND THE SALES STAFF ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT ME FINDING A DRESS I LOVE SO THEY NOT ONLY MAKE A SALE BUT I WILL RECOMMEND THEIR STORE TO OTHER BRIDES.
1	I would give them a -star if I could.  I went in for a wedding dress fitting.  Which was fine, however; she wasn't around a lot to help me zip so I got help from other dress shoppers and I helped them.  So, i picked a dress and paid.  I was told it would be shipped to me where I live in Kansas.  When the dress came into the store they called me many times to come pick it up, finally after the 4th call they mailed it.  When I got the dress they had sent the wrong size, so I called them and they said to mail it back and they would order me a new one.  They then told me I had to pay for the shipping even though it was their fault.  I then waited another 2 months for my dress.  I received it and once again it didn't fit.  I took it to an alteration specialist where I live and she said the dress was not fixable to zip over my chest and be small enough for my waist.  She said " Who ever sold you this dress should have known this dress would never fit you right, it was not for your body type, she just wanted the sale."  The dress is also much longer than the one I tried on and the beading isn't as nicely done,  I now only have four months till my wedding and I am dressless and can't afford to buy a new dress unless I sell this one some how because they do not do refunds EVER.  The lady I spoke to on the phone about this was down right rude and unhelpful.  She said I should have been more careful and If I wanted a better dress I should have spent more money.  Finding your wedding dress should be amazing and perfect.  I know feel like that was taken from me by these ladies.  I would never recommend David's Bridal to anyone.  When I told the sales lady this she stated, " That's fine we sell enough dresses we don't need your approval!!!".  Stay away from them!!!
5	ASK FOR JAMIE!!!!!!!  She was beyond amazing and helped me with my crazy group of women that tagged along.  These negative reviews appear to stem from lack of preparation on the brides side.  If you are going to a large, budget gown shop DO NOT EXPECT one on one the entire fitting.  This is a budget bride store - to expect Saks 5th treatment is beyond me.  That being said, that store was not crazy busy when I went in therefore Jamie was able to stick with me throughout my fitting and helping with undergarments etc.  She did a great job.
4	David's Bridal was my fourth wedding dress shopping stop. I had my mind set on a dress somewhere else, but thought it couldn't hurt to shop at one more store. I'm glad I kept my appointment because I did end up finding the perfect dress here. I had no issues with the staff at all. The person I had an appointment with (GT) was helpful and nice.  It was, however, very busy in the dressing room and a little unorganized, but this didn't interfere with my shopping too much. I did have to wait to use the mirror a couple of times.  Every time I came into the store for any reason, after my dress purchase, the staff was always helpful. They even let me use a coupon I found after I purchased the dress and gave me a refund for the discounted amount, which was awesome! The alteration appointments went well, with no problems. My only complaint about the alterations was the price! I only had to let my dress out at the chest an inch and add buttons for bustle and it cost $150. I'm told that's normal, but it seemed like a lot to me for such a minimal amount of work. My experience overall was a good one at this store.
4	My best friend got married in Vegas, and I was her matron of honor. Both of us bought our dresses back in Illinois, but we brought them to this Las Vegas David's Bridal to get them steamed before the ceremony. I guess normally they require more time in advance to steam dresses, but they were able to make an exception for us since we're from out of town. We were able to drop the dresses off two days before the wedding, and they were ready for pickup the next day. My friend had set up the appointment to drop them off. They did seem a little unorganized when we first got there, and the lady who was supposed to be helping us was in the back for quite a while, making us wait. Other than that, I really have no complaints! Our dresses were ready on time and looked great!NOTE: With any David's Bridal dress, you're entitled to one free steaming. But they really don't keep track of this. When my friend had her wedding dress altered in Illinois, they steamed her dress when they weren't supposed to since we were getting them steamed in Vegas. So, when she took it out to Vegas to get it steamed, she was worried they would know it had already been steamed, but no one said anything. It had been wrinkled from traveling in the suitcase, so it didn't look like it had been steamed, and David's Bridal didn't have any record of it being steamed, so it was all good. She got an extra free steaming!
5	From what I read before my appointment there were some mixed reviews on going to David's Bridal. However, as one bride stated in her review, it is a right of passage when bridal dress shopping. I tend to shop where I am supporting local vendors, however like most brides today  I am on a strict wedding budget and David''s Bridal prices seemed to be more in my range. David's Bridal did exactly what I expected of them. Jami was my consultant and I could clearly tell that she wanted to make sure that I got my dream dress. She did not settle for me liking it, but wanted me to love it. She was professional, pleasant, and knowledgeable. She asked what I liked and didn't like about the dresses I tried on to know which one to put me in next. She even mixed and matched various accessories to make the perfect combination. She also helped my two bridesmaids and future mother-in-law pick dresses. She was nothing less then spectacular!!! Plus, at the end of the fitting, I was within my budget. Next four appointments canceled and off to the Cheesecake Factory for a celebration lunch!
1	Would never even consider buying a wedding gown from here, but I went to check out bridesmaid dresses. First off, the quality of the wedding gowns and bridesmaid dresses is horrendous. If you have a relatively small budget, consider gowns from a private boutique that are on sale or buy a simple, white dress from a higher end store like Nordstrom. If you have touched and seen dresses from other designers and then come here, I can't imagine why anyone would purchase a gown from David's Bridal. The bridesmaid dresses were Forever 21 quality as well. Unfinished seams and poor materials. I imagine the clients that keep this place in business don't know any better.
4	My girlfriends and I came here not expecting ANYTHING.  We were all coming in from out of town and stopped here on a whim because one of us, Hannah, was getting married.  We, the bride's unofficial bridal party, figured that she should get her started on trying on bridal gowns while we were all in the same place at the same time.  Hannah had no idea what she wanted or liked, except for it to be flattering.  That's where our awesome attendant, Jamie, came in.Jamie was incredibly helpful in asking questions and patient with our very vocal group (we're all Type A or borderline Type A personality).  In the end, Hannah found what could be THE DRESS (incidentally, it was the first one she tried on).  The dress looked fabulous on her and Jamie even found shoes and selected a headdress to complete the look.We loved Jamie so much, Hannah decided that if she was going to get the dress, she'll be putting the order through Jamie in Vegas, even though she'll be in another state.Thank you so much Jamie, we had a wonderful time!
1	Honestly the worst customer service I have ever had. They got my wedding date wrong so they were going to give me back my altered dress three days before my wedding! I really wish there were more bridal stores because this one is just awful.
1	Its true, if there was a way to give negative stars, I would have done the same. This bridal store was by far the worst experience I've ever had in customer service. The consultants are very rude, pushy, and unprofessional. To any girl hoping for a joyful wedding dress experience, STAY FAR AWAY!
1	From the moment my wife and I walked in the door we had a horrible experience . They were trying to rush us , and the sales lady was getting a attitude every time my wife wanted to try something different. Then she made a rude a comment about her weight. When we got back in the car my wife was in tears! It was a horrible experience and would not take a dress there even if it was free.
1	I was very very unhappy with the David's Bridal in Las Vegas when I was using that location for them to steam my dress the day before my wedding.  I dropped my dress off at 10 am when they opened and told them I have to pick it up at 5pm that day.  I had made an appointment several weeks before the wedding.  When I got to the store to pick up my dress they could not find it at first then they located in the front of the store and it had never been touched.  Then they told me that they will complete in less then 10 minutes and I told them I don't have the time and this is why I made a appointment.   We had dinner plans that night and we had to sit there for over 30 minutes and they were acting like it was ok and there is nothing wrong.  I had to sit back there with my sister-in-law to help me poi t out all the wrinkles that they were not getting.  It seemed more like a joke to them and that they did not see the issue with this.  The store manager just stayed by the front door and did not even get involved.   I will be posting a comment about this store on yelp and other places I can.  I was very very upset and unhappy I was treated by them
3	I guess this place is a hit or miss when it comes to service. I was hesitant to shop around for a dress because of all the bad reviews, but I decided to take a chance. The place was busy, I didn't get approached to be helped so I took it upon myself to find the dressing rooms and a dress on my own.At the end, a woman named Jenny Knox took the time to call other places and find me a dress in my size. She really seemed to care and asked around while they had her on hold on the phone. Thank you Jenny for your great customer service.
1	This location is so horrible on Customer Service, my fiance and I walked in and the lady standing by the door didn't say hi or nothing just turned her head, and the whole time that we were in there looking at dresses not once did anyone say anything to us. We ended up leaving and as we were walking out, I said have a good day and they lady turned her head again like she didn't hear me or was to good. I'm sorry but no matter who walks in your store your supposed to say at least hello. So, my fiance and I ended up going to the other location.  I will never recommend this location ever.
2	Erica D. Is amazing! she turned my wedding dress shopping experience totally around. When i first came in to David's I was told to look around while they got my consultant. I was given a lady name Jenny. Very rude, unprofessional, had an attitude with my mom and also mother in law. She pick dresses she liked, and had me try them on, never asked what i wanted or how i saw myself on my wedding day. . When I was in the dressing room she asked my bra size, and I'm a 40 DDD. She gave me a 38 D. How the hell can i fit into this??? as i stand there half naked waiting to put my dress on she processed to help her other bride that was in the dressing room and totally forgot about me. Erica D. just so happened to walk by my dressing room and i asked her if she could get me a right size bra and help me get dressed cause clearly Jenny was busy helping 4 other brides.. Erica SAVED the day!! after having to deal with that and telling the manager how rude and horrible Jenny was I was ready to walk out! Erica D. Took the time to ask what i was looking for and how i pictured myself on my wedding day. She pick this gorgeous lace gown with bling like i wanted and i fell in love! Erica is so kind and took care of me like a bride should when dress shopping.
2	Everyone was helpful..However I was beyond disappointed when they tried to hand me the dress is a thin plastic hanging bag ' thin like dry cleaning plastic --- I said I needed it in something thicker as I was traveling with it.."you can buy a David ' s Bridal garment bag for $10" Seriously!?!? I just spent $800+ on a dress and I have to buy a cheesy bag with your store name on it!?!?! Not buying anything else there - if I buy a regular dress off the clearance rack at Nordstrom I can have it in a hanging bag, a box, a tote...whatever I want.
5	Love the staff at this Davids Bridal! From my very first visit, without an appointment, to now when I just stop in for other needs, these ladies are fabulous! My consultant is Deenayda and I've gotta say, she is amazing and knows her stuff! At 52 years old and never having ever tried on a wedding dress, she made our time fun and exciting. I love the fact that I had picked out 3 dresses and she was right there to help and bring whatever I needed.......and get me into these beautiful dresses! And then she brought me "the one", she actually picked it out and knew it was "my dress". (Love her enthusiasm) I never knew I could feel the way I did when I stepped up and looked at the mirror, and yes, it was one of those happy tears moments! Next we went in to get my maid of honors dress, which was no easy task . But when we found out that the dress she loved came in her size, it was a done deal. Add to the fact that my 2 grand daughters also got to get into the action and them trying on dresses, the 3 of them will be wearing beautiful dresses by Vera Wang. Once again I had no appt but Deenayda was right there to help. I love it when I walk into the shop that I'm greeted by name, it just makes this experience so special. These ladies have fun and care about their brides AND their needs. Our wedding is set for June 21 and I am so excited to be a bride! Thank you Deenayda, Heather and all of the ladies at Davids Bridal! This has been an experience of a lifetime.
5	Mar in alterations was so amazing and personable!! She made my moms experience for her vowel renewal that much more special. What a gem to this store!! Loved her!!!
1	My experience just gets worse and worse. These people work off of commission and treats yu like your nothing to them. I called last night and made an appointment for alterations and make a appointment for my flower girl to put her dress on. When I arrived the lady I had an appointment with didn't even come in till 3 hrs after my appointment... The front desk girl tells me I don't have an appointment. (Really cause I called last night) so she goes in the back and grabs my dress. She went and put my dress in a room and walk away. Who was going to help me out my dress on? I asked. She went to ask a girl next to me who had a bride to come help me. She came over and then walked away.. I then went and put my own dress on and had my mom tie me up in the back. (Isnt this what yu are paid to do?) I then Went and got my Bussell done Carmen was so nice and  I will get my dress in 3 weeks and they will steam and clean it  (the dress was so dirty on the bottom and my tie for my corset was black!) I hope that it looks great cause I'm so sick of dealing with davids Bridal. If I knew it would be this much Hassell and treated like a number I would have went somewhere else.
5	Cassandra was so helpful she wasnt there to make a sale she actually wanted you to find the best dress for YOU she was helpful trying the dresses on and making suggestions. best customer service, I highly recommend asking for her when trying on your dress!
3	Eileen (I think that's her name) was great and I love my dress! I ordered two flower girl dress and a veil in ivory to go with my dress and the ivory is so soft, it looks white. Do not order their ivory if you have a gold or champagne dress. Also, do not use their in-house contracted alterations, they use bridalxoxo. The lady is rude and tried to charge me $400 for a one hem bustle and a 3/4 inch hem!!! I asked if she would steam my dress and she said she would only because how much I would be spending... Are you serious?! Buy a dress here but go to fit for a bride if you need anything done to your dress
5	A wonderful experience searching for a mother of the bride dress. Wanted something different and I was so happy to find something a little bit out of the ordinary. My consultant helped me every step of the way. Never growing tired of me at all !! Thank you for a positive experience !!
1	This is an update to my review below.The floor manager from this store had the atrocity to look up my information from my purchase and call me to question me about my review here on yelp. She was rude and unprofessional and had NO place calling me. I will NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH DAVIDS BRIDAL AGAIN! I do not recommend anyone shop at this store! I went in search of a dress for a formal event. They were busy and I had to help myself find the dresses I wanted. I was kinda helped by a lady that looked like crazy eyes on the Orange is the new black. She zipped a dress up for me that was clearly too small and I tried to tell her that but her reply was no this dress fits perfect. I'm glad I knew better. I was eventually helped by someone that knew what they were doing. and I found an amazing dress that fit right.
1	Worst customer service EVER.  I have been to other DB stores that were absolutely outstanding, however, this DB by far has the worst customer service I have ever experience. Girls are rude and have attitude. Not friendly or helpful at all. The first time I walked in to the store I had to find someone to help me. When the girl at the register asked for backup from another employee, the girl simply responded with, " I'm off the clock." If you're off the clock stop standing around and talking to the other employee who is on the clock. The front desk girl wasn't even greeting or helping anyone because she was too busy talking instead of working..... The second and third time I went in, similar stories.  Nothing but attitude.  I had to by my dress from DB, if you have a choice don't waste your money. Horrible experience in which their district manager will be hearing from me.
5	They were very professional and helped me find the perfect dress and my bridesmaids dresses as well, Thanks guys!
5	Today I found my wedding dress. And I have Deenayda Christian to thank for that. I never thought I'd be able to find a dress that flattered me without having to buy a formless, satin monstrosity...it's hard enough to find street clothes when you're plus-sized, let alone a form fitting dress! I have been to many other stores and with her help I was able to 'Say Yes to the Dress' in Las Vegas! I actually have been to a David's Bridal before in my home state and had a great experience there but didn't get to try on what would be my dream dress! I loved Deenayda's fun and bubbly personality and the way that she truly cared about my experience. It was like we knew each other for years! I wish that more stores had sales associates that really cared for each customer like how Deenayda did for me.  Her first choice just so happened to be "the one"! Even got to ring a bell and get a 'woot woot!' from her!  Awesome experience.
1	This place dosen't even deserve 1 star. I hate this horrible place the staff there is disgusting and so roude! Long story short I paid a lot of extra money for 2 bridesmaid dresses to have at a certain date, I went to pick one up the following day of pick up the alterations lady Rosa" hadent even began to work on my dress told me to come back in 30 minutes, unacceptable of coarse I was mad had every right to be went and spoke to one of the managers and demanded a refund she was very roude and unhelpful so I started yelling she literally came across the counter at me and got in my face told her to back up and asked to speak to other manager Taryn and she was no help either they were mad I was yelling and wanted out the store I told them I wasent leaving until I received a refund and to call the cops they called the worthless security guy and asked me to leave I told him not without my dress and refund, the managers pushed the robbery alarm on me and my husband, unbelievable the police didn't site me nor arrest me they were disgusted with what they did long story short no one in that store took responsibility for there actions , dress not ready, no apology and to make things worse they gave my daughter the wrong dress size had to come back to return it they supposedly shipped her dress , when she picked up again 3 days later they wanted to charge her for shipping,omg! Horrible store horrible workers I will never ever shop there and I will let everyone know my story and how awful they do not go there you will be sorry I am currently working with BBB and I will get my money back as far as the bride she went elsewhere for her dress
1	Unethical business with poor quality merchandise. I purchased one of their cheap ($150) veils for my friend, we planned to cover it w/ lace.  When I got to the fabric store to purchase the lace we noticed the veil had a several holes in it. I immediately returned to the store, they brought out another veil, also w/ holes in it.  They did not have any w/ out holes and refused to issue a refund, even though it was the same day and this was not a special order. I left the damaged veil at David's Bridal and disputed the charge w/ Credit Card company. The store manager LIED and said that I left the veil to be steamed.  Ladies if you are on a budget try a sample sale at a reputable bridal boutique rather than give this company any of your money.
4	I made an appointment online and got a confirmation phone call 2 days before which was great. I got to my appointment a little early and that was totally fine. The woman at the door was very nice, even though she couldn't pull up my favorites to print out for the stylist. I pulled them up on my phone instead, which was no big deal. My stylist was awesome and I had a great time with her. She pulled some great dresses based on my favorites list and she helped me try them on. The woman behind the front desk was definitely the best and most helpful. She was very attentive the whole time and made sure I had everything, even bringing me a couple hair pieces to try with the dress I picked. I had a great experience...buying my wedding dress was a whole lot easier than I ever thought it would be thanks to David's Bridal.
5	This store was awesome! I'm not sure what the other reviews are about! Everyone there was extremely helpful and overall it was a great experience!
5	Came here after a horrible experience at the Rainbow DB My mom talked me into ONE more day of dress shopping, she was leaving back home to California the following day. We get to the packed, busy David's Bridal without an appointment and the greeter informs us that they are "so busy but we will take you in 30mins." so we start looking at dresses and a little while later we get London. She was very helpful even while dressing numerous brides at once. We found our dress she helped with sizing and online ordering. She was also (while being bombarded) very pleasant, thorough and helpful. If we use DB in the future it will be this location only. All the girls were so very kind and helpful and their store was insane busy!! Thank you London for helping me say yes to the dress
