1	Dr. Johnson's receptionist, Laurie was unaccomodating, unhelpful, and generally unwilling to help. I am visiting Las vegas with a show playing the Smith Center downtown. I have been traveling the country with the show since September of last year, performing in over 38 cities in that time. This work makes it extremely difficult to get medical attention from a single doctor year round. Dr. Johnson was included on a sheet provided by our company management recommending local services. After the experience described below I have written them to ask that his name be removed from the list.  When I spoke with the receptionist, Laurie, she said the schedule was full, but she would check with the doctor and get back to me. A week later I had still not heard from her. I called back yesterday and was told she would be back in the afternoon. She didn't return my call until almost 4pm the next day. She told me that the doctor was still not able to squeeze me in, even though my schedule is extremely flexible and open over the next couple of weeks. When I asked her if the doctor could recommend an associate she refused. When I asked for a recommendation for a dermatologist, she also refused. It was apparent from our conversation that she was only concerned with her own convenience and not the general well being and satisfaction of the people contacting her. My opinion concerning this office, to quote Laurie the receptionist, "I can't really give you a recommendation, you'll have to check the practitioner list from your insurance provider."
2	Tough review for me because Dr. Johnson is a very nice and friendly guy.  I chose him based on the list of physicians in my area who participate in my insurance plan.  I read mixed reviews online.  Coming from a primary care physician for whom I rarely had to wait, was able to get all of my labwork done on site, and who spent ample time talking to me, and genuinely expressing care and concern about my well-being, this isn't living up to the experience.  Each time I make an appointment I wind up not seeing the doctor for at least 45 minutes.  I understand that this is a busy area and a busy time of year, but it's frustrating to make an appointment and consistently not be seen on time. Also, I find that because he's so busy he kind of brushes off my concerns.  I'm not a long winded patient - I'm in healthcare myself so I understand the other side and I try to be brief and to the point.  But there have been instances where I felt "cut off" and left with unanswered questions.  I waited patiently in the waiting room to be seen - can I at least get the courtesy of my physician hearing me out and not talking to me as he walks out the door?   We spent more time talking about hobbies (golf, etc.) than the reason for my visit.  Lastly, I'd prefer to find a primary care physician with an office where I can get needed lab work done on premise.  Those early morning, first-come/first-serve Quest visits are enough to make me minimize my own health concerns and not get blood work done.  As a nurse, it's hard enough for me to take time thinking of my own health and actually getting myself to a doctor.  I don't want to put aside two separate times to see the doc and get needed bloodwork.  All in all, I'm not entirely thrilled with the bedside manner but Dr. Johnson is a very nice, personable guy.  Just don't find him easy to talk to on a patient level.
5	I love Dr. Johnson. He is very down to earth and takes great care in a simple way. He has been my Dr. for almost 10 Years and I only see him once or twice a year but I enjoy talking to him. Dr. Johnson is a common sense kind of doctor and will do what is necessary. He likes to treat me like a 5 year old although I am 29, but it's only because he is much older and he is just kidding around.
