1	I just moved to Vegas a week ago from Tucson. Waaaay more 6-8 legged creatures here than in Tucson. I called Elite Pest Control on a recommendation from a friend. I had to leave a message and they got back to me in an hour or so. I said I wanted someone to come out ASAP to get rid of the bugs and black widows, and that I was also wanting to set up some regular maintenance as well. But my first concern was getting rid of what was there QUICKLY. Well, the lady on the phone told me that they wouldn't be able to get out here for at least a week. Seriously? I told her that I'd call her back about maintenance later on because a friend had recommended them, but I'd call someone else about immediate service. Well, the second I mentioned they'd been recommended, she suddenly had an opening sooner (so I guess she lied before). So I said OK and she started going over prices -- $79 for initial treatment and then said something about contracts and $25/month maintenance. I told her I just wanted to get the immediate problem taken care of first, then I'd set up maintenance. That's when she got rude. In a snotty voice, "So you're just going to be using us on an on-call basis, then?" I said no, I was currently busy with another service provider (cable guy) in my house and offered to call her back. She had the *gall* to say, "OK, you call me back later and we'll negotiate." Excuse me?? I'm not trying to buy a friggin' car. I want service, not attitude. Why on earth should I have to negotiate?? Needless to say, I didn't engage their services and I never called her back. I called Pitbull Pest Control, and they were friendly, fast, and reasonably priced.
1	HORRIBLE customer service!! I called Elite because my property management recommended them. When I called to set up an appointment, she asked if I wanted to set up monthly spraying. I told her I wasn't sure and it depended on the cost. She then told me with attitude, "Um, that is not going to help your problem. We are called pest CONTROL not pest GET RID OF!" She continued to be rude and very unhelpful! I will never do business with such a snotty and disrespectful person like that!!!
1	Horrible customer service!!! The woman I spoke with on the phone was rude, insulting, and very unhelpful!!! When I asked about doing just one spraying instead of setting up a monthly schedule she said "UM, we are called pest CONTROL not pest get-rid-of!!" Sooo rude and uncalled for!!! I will never do business with such a disrespectful person!!
5	Awesome company. Always willing to come back out if there's a problem. Techs are friendly. Never had any issues with customer service. Would recommend to anyone.
5	I've been using Elite pest control for about eight years now and the service is amazing. Just yesterday evening I called because I had a bee's nest in my backyard and as promised they came out this morning and took care of it. I've had several emergencies regarding scorpions and they have always come out as soon as possible. Thank you guys for keeping my home and yard pest free :)
1	We've been using Elite Pest Control (apparently they'll wash your windows too! THATS COMFORTING...) since we moved into our house about a year and half ago. The main reason is because our property backs up to land under control of the county called "BLM" (the Bureau of Land Management). We have a nasty bee problem with a hive or more than just one hive on that land and apparently this is the only company that BLM "trusts". We've called for them to come and spray around our house and yard several times over the past year and a half and have requested again and again, finally demanding that they work with BLM to fix the problem with the bees. They have come out to us once. And I truly believe it was BLM that forced them to and they're no picnic to deal with either. I scheduled an appointment for today for which I was under the assumption would be between noon and 2:30pm. That's not an unreasonable window of time in my opinion even though I may have other things to do during the day than sit around my house and wait for no phone calls. At 2pm I decided to call their office just to be sure the appointment was correct. A very nice lady answered and confirmed that I had an appointment but it was from 2-3pm. Oh that's fine, I can wait a little longer, must have been miscommunication on my part, so sorry for inconveniencing you! Not at all sir, have a wonderful day! Thank you! You do the same! 3pm came and went. I called back. Straight to voicemail. Called again. Voicemail. I called 6 times. Voicemail every time. In an office. At 3pm on a WEDNESDAY. There's no excuse for that. It is now 6pm, they're closed unless they all decided to leave at 3 anyway, I mean, WHY NOT!? I've been waiting at my home all day. I think this is the straw to break the camels back. I'm trying this new thing called "looking on the bright side" and this stupid company is making that really difficult for me. I don't know, the idea of sitting inside on a beautiful 70 degree autumn afternoon on my day off with the combination of bees and crickets and ants and scorpions and spiders and grasshoppers and roaches having a fuckin party outside and no "ELITE" pest control (AND WINDOW WASHING TOO!!!) to perform the duties that their service suggests they might do... But only if they feel like it... I don't think I'm so crazy after all for saying that this company is a complete joke. They're a waste of time. They're pitiful and I truly hope they all wake up one day and realize that their lives are pathetic and worthless. ELITE Pest Control. HA! There is NOTHING elite about them. Unless they want to eliminate their own pest problems!! Or if they need a window washed.... Stupid company.
