5	This is where I go to get my hair cut. Always a good place, staff are friendly and they keep track of your haircuts so you can just say "The same as last time" and any of the stylists can do it. Its also my favorite because when I say "High and tight" I dont have to explain it..
1	I normally go to a different sports clips, but I was in the area so I came to this one.  It's 3 days before Christmas, and this place is packed.  But the girls seem more interested in chatting and opening gifts rather than cutting hair.  The loud, high pitched squeals belong in a salon, not a place intended for men's haircuts.  I'm currently walking out the door to head back to my normal place.
4	Large screen tv in the lobby and each stylist station has a large screen tv.  Only sporting events are on while getting a haircut.  Good quality cut from friendly staff.
5	Back to this location following my move to the west side.  Brook is the manager and she is A++ stylist and 5 stars for being such a friendly girl too. Sports + TV screen in every chair = #guyswin
2	Those of you who have read my review of sportsclips know I like the concept and frequent the chain monthly.  I even have come here before and had good experiences with another stylist.  However, my most recent visit was horrendous.  From the greeting to the end, I was disappointed but mostly with the final product.  Here is what happened.  1) I arrived and even though I was the only one there besides those already seated, I had to wait while the girls chatted with each other.  Then the stylist came over and took me to her station.  Of all the girls I have had cut my hair at a sportsclips, this one was the worst.  She didn't even try to engage me in conversation.  I asked her to style my hair the way I always get it done, 1 1/2 on the sides and fingers pressed on top with blending.  She tried to convince me her fingers were really small and I should get higher but I told her I wanted it short.  When she first told me she was finished, there were at least two finger lengths and it was uneven. Probably the worst I have seen.  I learned a long time ago to speak up or end up with unhappy cuts so I told her and she gave me a bit of resistance before trying to cut it shorter. I don't know if she didn't want to get close to her fingers or didn't care but she still didn't get it right.  Even through the massage and shampoo I got the feeling she had no interest in her job, client or anything but the final paycheck.  I still gave her my normal tip which is pretty generous and she didn't even say thank you or come back again.I give it two stars because I have had other stylists here who have been better and I do like the sports screens and the hot (and now cold) towel treatment.I wish I remembered her name, I remember only that I sat in the second seat from the rear on the left side of the store if you face the rear.Oh, and if anyone cares, it has been almost a month and it grew in horribly uneven.
5	My name is Brandon. A friend of mine, Euro, recommended this place and I went there to get a haircut about a week or so ago. The young lady who cut my hair is named Chae and let me tell you... That girl is an absolute master of her craft! My buddy and I hung out there for a few mins after getting my haircut and I told Chae that from now on I'm going to request her and have her, and only her,  cut my hair from now on. I could not be happier with the haircut she gave me! Thank you, Chae! I'll be seeing you soon for my next haircut!
