3	I only had soup... I was sick and needed something easy/filling. Bean soup and Falafel. Really tasty. I am not a huge Kosher food (only) fan but, this stuff was really good. Nice attentive friendly staff. The atmosphere is pretty sweet, everything and everyone at ease/peace and absolutely content with their orders. The three star review pops up because I only tried two things and it was the only place that I ate "real" food while in Vegas. Only one problem with this place... the fish is pretty steep. When I go out to eat at a tiny and homey place I am expecting the prices to match. The fish here was like twenty sum-odd bills and they only had three different choices. If I am going to pay $20 on my current budget for Salmon it better be fresh caught and served with something better than french fries. This place is called Adar Kosher Pizza and sadly I did not get to try the pizza. Our server (shia pronounced shy) was awesome and has been serving here for years really nice guy and a friend. If you do keep Kosher this place is great and they make everything fresh everyday, ingredients are separated and no meat is featured on the menu. Sounds weird to most but go ahead and grab a Falafel plate and be satisfied.
1	i really did not enjoy my short time in this awful restaurant. The only reason i came here is because a friend of mine keeps kosher and we couldnt really find anywhere else to eat, so we came here. The service was crap. The waiter acted like a freaking diva, and the food was terrible. We were a party of 5 people, so we pushed 2 tables together. The retard waiter came up to our group and said we cant push tables together, so 5 people were stuffed on a table that was meant for 2 people ( un-freaking-believable).There were no prices on the menu nor on the large overhead lighted up menu next to the register, so we ordered an XL pizza assuming it would be $13-17ish. We then helped ourselves to some snapples which we later found out were $3.50...!!! wtf! who charges $3.50 for a little bottles of snapple?!After we finish eating our nasty pizza ( even microwave pizza is better then their pizza) on our tiny table with a party of 5 we ask for the bill.The waiter comes to our table, throws the bill on the table as if hes doing us a favor and walks away...The bill came out to $45!!!! FOR ONE XL PIZZA?!!!!!! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! IM NOT AT SOME FANCY RESTAURANT!This restaurant is seriously this little ugly 550 square foot room with a tiny kitchen in an ugly area off the strip. Who on earth do you think you are charging us $45 for a pizza. Freaking retards.We left $1 for tip. I even considered that too much.You give us jews a bad name, shame on you idiots.
1	We went there Motzi Shabbos 12/25/2010, with my son, daughter-in-law and their two children.  I went to ask to clear messy tables so we could sit down and eat. I was informed that they would only do take out.  When you are in a hotel, it is hard to do take out and have warm food.  The waiter asked me if we wanted food to go.  Before I had a chance to answer, he gave a sigh and walked away from me.  I will never step foot there again and tell anyone who asks for kosher food in Las Vegas, not to go there.
2	*** Kosher  Chabad of Southern Nevada ***I am in Las Vegas from time to time and I have been going to this restaurant for years spanning several owners.  My last trip, I stopped in expecting the usual avergae - good pizza "joint" fare -didn't happen.  Although the proprietress was... homey and friendly, she was more interested in talking on the phone than waiting on me even though I said I was in a rush.  The place was empty and tables dirty and piled with dishes from lunch rush I guess.  The Air conditioning was NOT ON (Vegas can be quite hot) and in general the place was not impressive.  I asked for slices (in a hurry) no slices, I asked what was fast "everything takes the same time" so I ordered a fallafel figuring how long could that take...  I watched as the guy in the kitchen made the Israeli salad veg by veg thinking that couldn't possibly be for me... after all I was in a hurry -yeah right.  I had to eat quick (and in the car) on my way to my next customer so I asked for no techina sauce -again, yeah right.  So hurrying to my customer eating at red lights the thing became a soggy mess.It was WAY overpriced (IMHO) and the place is NOT suitable for a business lunch.Also, the coup de grace, was ill the rest of the day -yes from the food but decorum prohibits me from relating the details here...I will not be going back....
3	It's the best kosher pizza in Las Vegas!!Oh yea, its also the ONLY kosher pizza in Las Vegas!Every time my friends and I go to Vegas we stop at Adar on our way home to eat some lunch and pick up food for the road. I have to say the service sucks! My friends and I were the ONLY ones in the restaurant and it still took over 20 minutes for the food to bake. Did they have to churn the milk into cheese?The people are very friendly though. On my way out I asked to put on tefillin and the guy behind the counter had a pair which he keeps just for customers to use. Thank you!
5	Best reason for Jews to visit Las Vegas. This is a top-notch kosher pizza restaurant that features legendary pineapple toppings, and a full menu of other cuisines.Best advice is to stay at the Stratosphere and walk over for lunch and dinner. Adar is right off the strip.
2	Though only 2 miles from my hotel, it took an hour for our (now cold) food to arrive. The "extra-large" pizza was what most pizzerias call "regular" sized. It tasted fine, but not great. The brown, soggy fries were pretty awful. My wife's $12 "bean & cheese burrito" was ridiculously small with very little beans or cheese inside (also, it was in the form of a quesadilla, not a burrito). The "milkshakes" were basically just chocolate milk, though it's possible they melted before arrival. Oh, and the delivery was $15, not including tip.The calzones were pretty good though.All in all, way overpriced, small sizes, and most items weren't very good.
4	This place's looks are deceiving - run down and appears dirty but they got an A grade from the health inspectors. It is nothing glamorous but the food was AMAZING and huge portions. The best calzone I ever ate - Vegetable Calzone. It was 16.99 but I figured it's vacation prices, not NYC pizza store prices. My husband got a mushroom/cheese omelette and loved it.
1	YuckPizza tasted ok til we found a hair..Say what? Yes a hair..Lady presumably the owner refused to believe it was true and we had to pay for everything..Also don't touch anything, it's all covered with some layer of goop.GrossEat at your own risk
1	If you like horrible service with a frown then why not give this place a try?Bluntly speaking, this place is a pathetic excuse for a kosher pizza place. The food is ridiculously overpriced and their portions are small. You pay over 30 dollars for a extra large pizza the size of a medium, 9 dollars for garlic bread with a horrid bitter after taste, and the problems don't end there. With the food comes an old Israeli woman that gives you horrible service accompanied with a nasty attitude. Me and my friends are vacationing in Las Vegas, it's a hot summer day and we're parched and hungry, so we decide to come in. We pay an absurd amount for the food (see above), and when we asked the lady in charge if she could give us some garlic powder she replied with "I'll do it if I have time." She didn't seem busy at all and we never got the garlic powder. I really don't like to say this but I feel as if the people running this place are racist. It's like if you're not Israeli they don't treat you well. Those that were Israeli got service with a smile while those who weren't faced mean face from a short old lady. The restaurant is dirty  (Dusty, oily, and cracked tables) and stinky as well. (Pungent, musky odor)  When in Vegas come to the little hellhole that's off the strip: Adar's Pizza, a rip-off pizza at a rip-off price!
1	so incredibly overpriced!!! falafel balls are $1 a piece!!! and not even balls. they look like mud cakes. we got 1 eggplant parm, 1 pasta, 2 milkshakes, and 8 falafel balls. $70!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a milkshake is $8!!! and it's cold milk with a ton of sugar on the bottom. waitress waited on all the tables alone and was in the kitchen most of the time. the location is so totally out of the way. food is gross, all just dumped on a plated and popped in the oven. plate is BOILING HOT, food takes a minimum of 30 minutes to prepare. i am NEVER EVER going back there. if you want good kosher pizza, go to Nina's Cafe on Flamingo.also, the menus are gross, laminated and filthy
4	Good Pizza... Basic Restaurant - Fair pricing. easy parking
1	This place don't need a makeover, it needs a bulldozer.It puts the whole community to shame.
