4	Came in on opening night. Good local and NC beer selection. Ordered some small pizzas and we were not disappointed. Staff was friendly and things went very smoothly (especially for an opening night). Will return.
4	I love Plaza Midwood. And now, there's one more reason to love this 'hood even more.I've been a big fan of the original Peel in Cotswold for years. Confession: I use to order $40 worth of food so Foodie Call would deliver to me. So, yeah I've been pumped and counting the days for this new location to open.My hands down favorite pizza here: Thai's Tong. Chicken, Thai sweet chili sauce, basil, onions, red pepper. The sauce just makes this pizza pop. Yum. In 92 pt font. First runner up: the buffalo chicken. Nachos are great. Bruschetta is addicting. Once I start eating it... I can't seem to stop.The inside looks amazing. Walls are wood. They brought in an old piano from The Common Market in South End. Peel plans to bring in someone who can play it. What else can you expect? Music trivia nights, a ton of great beer. All of the beer. The GM knows more about beer than any other person I know. One thing though bums me out: the location does not have my favorite menu item. Sad face. I love the curry rolls at the Cotswold location. I dream about them sometimes. They take awhile to make, so currently they can't handle both locations. My fingers are crossed that this somehow changes in the future.Congratulations on Peel #2. This city is a better place with not one, but two of you.
5	Everything was absolutely exceptional!  Both pizzas were fantastic and the service was solid.  They've done a great job with the decor (a converted garage) and are definitely a standout in a somewhat congested market.  In comparison to their pizza rivals (Revolution, Fuel, Mellow Mushroom, etc.), they're already at the top of the heap.Would recommend adding additional beers ( the local selection is GREAT, would like to see more Big Boss, Four Friends, Green Man), but the current selection definitely works.
1	Unfortunately, I cannot rate Pizza Peel-Central on the food. My wife and I live uptown and are regulars at Hawthornes. One of her friends recommended Pizza Peel, so we gave it a shot tonight. The hostesses were absolutely gracious and very welcoming. This was our very first time even setting foot in this place. After giving our name for a table, we decided to head to the bar for a drink. The place was crowded. The female bartender came over to me and looked right at me. No smile, no welcome, she just stared at me, waiting for me to initiate the greeting. I said "How are you tonight?" She continued to stare at me, no smile, no "great thanks, what can I get you"? So I thought maybe she didn't hear me, so I said again, "How are you tonight?" Still nothing? She wanted no part of being welcoming or nice. She was absolutely rude & obnoxious. Made me feel so unwelcome. We go out to dinner often and always "talk up" great places to friends, co workers, etc.....This female bartender absolutely blew it! We left, kindly asked the hostesses to take our names off the wait list and shared our experience with them. The hostesses were apologetic and very professional. Sad part is, they were probably in their late teens and they were so much more professional, kind, courteous and customer service oriented than the female bartender. I will not be going back. I have the choice to spend my dining, drinking money at so many places near where we live. Charlotte has so many opportunities. It is too bad that one grumpy, disrespectful and obnoxious bartender can ruin an experience not just for one couple, but all the other people we will be sharing our experience with.
4	Well this place finally opened, giving us in PM another pizza option at last.  It's a great space, and it'll be even better when the weather really warms up and they open those garage doors that line the north edge of the main room.  Anyway, they've got exactly the kind of menu you would expect in a pizza restaurant, a great beer selection, it's very kid friendly, and they've done an amazing job converting an old service station into sleek but warm-feeling restaurant.I sensed when I was there that were a few kinks to work out - mainly the staff need to get a bit more fluid and comfortable - but that'll come in time, I trust.  Nice work by these guys.
5	My boyfriend & I are all about some pizza & we give this place two thumbs up! Lots of local beers to satisfy my inner beer snob. Pizza is very fresh and flavorful. Hope this quality continues as time passes. Definitely better than Harris Teeter pizza & Fuel :)
2	We ordered take out from here and we not impressed. We wanted to give this place a try seeing as how it was new and always packed. We got the nachos, garlic knots and a pepperoni pizza. The pizza was tough and the crust inedible. The garlic knots were doughy and dense. The only thing we actually ate we're the nachos but we had to reheat the cheese because it became very rubbery. We had hoped for better from a new place but feel that we can get better pizza from somewhere else for half the money.
4	Went here on a weekend around 3 or 4pm . We were seated very quickly and the service was a great. It's a kid-friendly restaurant and the food was quite good, and I really liked the decor--they tried to keep the spirit of the garage that once was there, which all MIdwoodians appreciate. I enjoyed being there at an off-time. While it wasn't crowded, it wasn't empty at all, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and having a good time. I also especially appreciated how nice the servers were consider I had an overly rambunctious toddler in tow. Great place.
4	Yum! Definitely order one of the specialty pizzas, they are really good. If you make your own I feel like they skimp a bit on the toppings. Also, on Mondays it is $3 NC pint draughts.
4	Came here for the first time this past Sunday because we were craving pizza.....plus, we used to take our car to the mechanic that was in this exact location, which we thought was cool!Nice atmosphere inside. We sat down and ordered 2 beers--Shotgun Betty for me and NODA Imperial Gordgeous for my husband.....I didn't even see the Imperial Gordgeous on the menu, so of course, I had to get a second beer to get it. So amazingly delicious and smooth. Man I love that beer. Makes me want Fall to be here! Anyways, I digress. There beer list is very good. Lots of local craft options. Also, I thought it was neat that they had a section suggesting beers, if you didn't know what to order!We ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer becaues we were so hungry. Honestly, we could have definitely done without these. They were just ok and not as garlicly as we were hoping. For the pizza, we ordered the supreme pizza (i have no clue what they called it but basically had a few types of meats and a few types of veggies). There are only 2 sizes, basically an indiviudal pizza and a large pizza. We ordred the large and, of course, took home leftovers. The pizza was very good. I felt like everything was just incredibly fresh!Definitely will be returning because of the atmosphere, beer, and pizza!
4	Delish! Ordered the regular house salad and added marinated mushrooms on top! Ordered the Thai pizza and she ordered the veggie one - great meal and price! Will go back!
1	Just had one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life.  At least top ten. And I consider myself a pizza expert.  It was made exactly as I ordered (crispy) and it was a modification of one of they're specialty pizzas.  The "heart stopper" minus ham, add procuiito and fresh basil. Delish. Salad was great too. And great draft beer selection. Highly recommended.
4	This was my second time eating dinner at the new Plaza Midwood Pizza Peel. I'd eaten at the Cotswold one once or twice but it never really blew my skirt up for some reason. I really like the Plaza Midwood location though. I got there early and sipped on a Brooklyn Porter while I waited for the hubs to meet me after work. (The draft beer list is good - something for everyone I think.) The waitress was super friendly and let me sit there and read my book in peace while I waited and drank my beer. Hubs showed up after about ten minutes and we started perusing the menu. We both decided on pizza, though last time I had one of the pastas and it was really good. I was curious to try the pizza to see how it compared to the other spot. Turns out it's way better. The crust was thin but not crispy and there was just the right amount of cheese and sauce. It seemed a lot less greasy than the one I had at Cotswold too. I like my pizza plain, but hubs tried the hot chipotle tomato sauce and some meats (and anchovies, ew). He was super excited about his pie and he's pretty picky about REALLY liking something. I tend to think he LIKES just about everything, but raves about very few things. So I knew it must be good. I think the flavor, consistency and ingredients all came together nicely and it was just really good, simple pizza. This location does get pretty noisy when it gets busy, which I experienced last time but not this one. It was a slower night. Also, the patio comprises a few long picnic tables, so even though it was beautiful outside, I opted to sit inside since there were only going to be two of us. But we were seated right next to one of the large garage door windows, which was open to a screen door and it let in some of the lovely afternoon. It's a good spot to people watch as people walk by on Central.All in all, this was a really positive visit with good food and good service. We'll definitely be back.
4	I've always loved the pizza peel over on colwick rd. So of course I was incredibly excited when I saw them open on central, in my neighborhood. After waiting for the opening madness to die down, we finally went. I just recently decided to transition to a cruel free diet..which pretty much limits my options to nothing..unfortunately they do not offer the option of cruelty free, or sometimes called certified humane, cheese (which I would totally pay more for). However, they do offer a vegan cheese. SCORE! I finally found a place I can eat at without alienating my friends, or selling a kidney. The service is wonderful! We were greeted immediately upon entry, and it never felt fake or forced. Our waiter was attentive, without being obnoxious. The manager checked on us, which was really nice. I will surely be back. The only thing I can say is, again, cruelty free cheese!!
3	Atmosphere is great and can't beat the craft beers on tap.  Pizza was solid but the only negative was the service we had sitting at the bar.  Bartenders were more focused on socializing with their friends and flirting than serving drinks, making sure our food came out as ordered (it didn't), and well just doing their job.  Have a lot of friends in the industry and this was the first time in years I haven't tipped 20%.
4	Trivia night is every Wednesday. Me and a few friends went a couple weeks ago and we had a blast. The servers there are very nice and refreshing. I do plan on going back and trying more foods on the menu, but the pizza is good.
3	This was my first time visiting a Pizza and Peel. Atmosphere was great, the weather was awesome and it was a kid friendly because the kids could play with the dogs, frisbee golf, and corn hole games. Prices were good but the waiter was kind of a douche. But, the pizza was just ok. They used a wheat crust and were missing out on some flavor. We order the chips, garlic knots, pepperoni pizza and meat lovers pizza. Like I said, they all lacked good flavor. Definitely won't be going back considering the number of other great places right down the street.
4	I have eaten here several times, and it has always been a good experience. They have a nice but not overwhelming selection of craft beer, including many local brews, and great pizza options! I can vouch for the Sorry for Partying (though it's too much meat for me so we usually get it without the pepperoni and ground beef), Roasted Veggie, Black Bean, Greek, Tong's Thai, and Aguascalientes (perhaps my favorite)! [Told you we've been several times.] Garlic knots are tasty if you're starving!They also do a great job with the salads - they're huge and great for splitting before the pizza comes! If you're splitting one, they'll often go ahead and put it in two bowls for you - I'm convinced it turns out even bigger that way. Great way to fill up so you don't eat all the pizza and can come home with leftovers!It's crowded on Friday evenings, but with a party of two you don't usually have to wait very long. The bar is also crowded, though, so can take a minute to get a beer while you wait for your food. Staff is easy-going and friendly. Might be better for groups on a weeknight.
5	My hubby grew up in NJ, so NYC was just a short jaunt away when the craving for great pizza would hit. We have lived all over the states and tries many pizza joints. And what do you know, after 12 years with this man he finally found a pizza place that tastes like home. We ended up making our own pizza and it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. It started with the original crust, added a chipotle sauce as our base some mozzarella, pepperoni, onions, minced garlic and get this... Chorizo!!! Chorizo on pizza?! I'm in love. I also loved the fact that I could order a flight of craft beer. Which was an excellent way to sample at least five brews and all with a decent amount in each glass. We will definitely be back.
2	Oh mediocre pizza, why do you continue to haunt me?  Unfortunately the pizza was the lowest part of the trip, but since it was the reason we went, a two star review is in order.The Great:+  Our server was great.  She was friendly and helpful, if a bit over-eager to make sure everything was OK.  +  WiFi.  Thanks for letting us work over our lunch!The Average:o  Typical pizza joint menu, but on the upside they had quite a few toppings available.The Meh:-  Mediocre (at best) crust.  Doughy and lacking flavor.  No offense, but it reminded me of something you'd get at a grocery store.-  The Toppings.  While the topping list was extensive, I was simply not blown away by the flavor.  What can I say, I'm a pizza snob.Sorry Pizza Peel - just not for me.
4	My go to place when im in the plaza,  really nice, airy, and cool decor, good nc beer selection, and solid pizza.  All in all a great place to sit back, watch a game, drink a beer, and have a slice.
4	Some of the best pizza in CLT. Ask for the secret menu and order The Godfather. It's served with an awesome vinaigrette drizzle. Nice patio for pretty days and great draft beer selection with all the local brews and a couple west coast ales too!
3	I was very excited to try a new place in my neighborhood.  We were greeted by two very bubbly and friendly young ladies at the hostess booth.  They said that they would have our table ready in five minutes.....and they delivered!  The server promptly took our drink order and all was good.I have to admit.  We are spoiled by the excellent pizza at Asheville Brewing Company, so we hold that as our standard.  The menu here featured self creations and a specialty pizza section.  We decided to go with a predesigned pizza labeled "Positive Friction."  The menu described it as being topped with pesto, feta, sun dried tomatoes, fresh tomatoes and mozzarella.  We found the pizza crust to be dry, the toppings weren't juicy, and the cheese wasn't stringy.  It appeared to have been made in the past, frozen, and popped into the oven.  It didn't taste bad, but it didn't stand out.  We do want to support our neighborhood businesses, so we will stop by again.  Next time, we will design our own pizza to see if it meets our juicy,  stringy expectations.P.S.  Kudos to Pizza Peel for featuring a nice amount of vegetarian options!
2	I've been here once before and thought the pizza was decent. But this past Sunday my boyfriend and I came around 9pm. We were hesitant to come late on a Sunday considering I'm a server and he works in the kitchen.. And we know how dead it is anywhere on a Sunday night. But we bit the bullet because we saw plenty of people outside eating. We asked the hostess if we could sit outside and so she sat us accordingly.. So we continued to wait for literally 15 minutes.. and no one came up to greet us or anything. I watched a server pass us numerous times and look us directly in the eyes but didn't care about greeting us at all because it was clear we weren't her table, regardless of how long we had been sitting there without service or not. So after sitting there for that long I just wanted a beer and some food for the love of god! So we walked over to Thomas street and got our fix. It's a shame, can't get good service anywhere anymore.
4	I stopped in here with my husband for a quick beer and appetizer one evening. We had the bruschetta which was pretty delicious and then some local brews. They had a good beer selection which was a plus. Our waitress was really nice and attentive as was the hostess. We haven't tried their pizza yet but plan to. Will update accordingly!
1	Wow another horrible pizza place on central - I thought fuel was mediocre so when pizza peel came I thought finally a good pizza place but their pizza is even worse. Someone told me their wings were good which I didn't try but shouldn't their pizza be good - I hate wasting money (and calories)
1	Pros - the pizza is decent.Cons - the pain you go through to get it does not make it worth it. We have been here twice now and the full experience (i.e. wait time & customer service) has turned us away from this place. We live in PM, and there are too many other places nearby (from MP and Noda) to get good pizza from and have a better experience. Our first visit was when this place opened. There was a mix-up with what we ordered and what we received - something to do with Prosciutto, and Bruschetta. But the manager made it right by throwing in the other half of the pie. It just took a really long time (about an hour) to get what we ordered.The next time was about a month ago. Got a small pizza to go. Took a little over an hour to get the pizza. Most of the other people at our table had gotten their orders and were paying their bills as we waited for our to go order. The service was lousy as well and we finally had to get up and talk to a manager. The manager went to the food window and got our order - seems it had been there for a bit (back to the lousy service). All he offered was - "we're busy." No apology or offer to smooth it over.
1	Walked in tonight after an amazing dinner in the Plaza to grab a beer.  First of all, the bar was crowded with employees so we already felt awkward trying to grab a drink.  Then when the beer I ordered was out I said we would be back another night when we could chill, which I meant.  Worst part?  Walking out and you overhear the terrible employees talking smack about you for trying to make light of an awkward situation.  As if their Cotswold location wasn't disappointing enough this is proof this restaurant is overrated and under delivers.
5	Always been a huge fan of The Pizza Peel and was lucky enough to check out the new spot in Plaza upon a recent weekend visit. It's the same as the good ol' original in Cotswold, but with a slightly different interior layout and a much more awesome patio. Same great beer selection, amazing fish tacos (of which I will argue are the best in town), and that killer Secret Pizza Menu. Definitely worth a gander if you've never had a chance to do so. The factor that makes me want this location in the ATL is the disc golf basket out front. Not only is it a perfect distraction for the kids to go out and play, but it's a great way to kill some time al fresco with a beer in hand. Really love what they've done with this spot. A definite plus to the choices in Plaza.
5	The 2nd and newest Pizza Peel location on Central Ave is much more open (not as claustrophobic) than the original one in Cotswold.  There's also plenty of outdoor seating, whereas the Cotswold outdoor seating area is screened in and just plain awful.  The tables at Central are "community tables," though, of which I'm not a big fan.  We haven't had any problems being seated at this Pizza Peel, even on busy nights, either inside or outside, depending on our preference.  In fact, we've gone to Pizza Peel as an alternative (and were seated right away) when the wait for Peculiar Rabbit went from 30 minutes to over an hour with no explanation.  Pizza Peel offers unique pizza topping options, not your standard cheese and pepperoni (although they do have that).  My favorite is probably the Buffalo Chicken, but I have enjoyed Thong's Thai, Greek, and Positive Friction as well (the latter two being vegetarian options).  And the 8-inch pizza under $10 is just the right size and price.  I'm so thankful, as I don't have to have a group consensus on what type of pizza to share.  I can order whatever I want.  We've also tried the Garlic Knots appetizer to hold us over until the pizzas came.  They're big and yummy, too, and great for sharing with a group.  I have yet to try anything other than the pizza at Pizza Peel, although many times the sandwiches, salads, and pasta sound extremely appetizing as well.  The service has always great, even though the parking for the Central Ave location can be tricky (and very limited).  Be prepared to park on one of the side streets and walk.
1	I am a pizza fanatic.  I am not too particular about the crust or the flavors of the pizza, I just want my pizza topped with an odd combination: pineapple and a nut (walnuts, almonds, pecans).  I ran into Pizza Peel late last night and asked for a pineapple and walnut pizza to go with ranch on the side.  The bartender advised it would be about 10min - perfect!  She rang me up and I paid with credit.card.  She brought me the pizza and I informed her there wasn't the side of ranch.  She said she was sorry and would get it.  She rang me up for a side of ranch for 54 cents.  And I waited for her to take my credit card, once again, and bring me the side of ranch.  I waited, and waited, and waited.  All while watching her maintain a conversation wtih a group at the bar, eat ice-cream out of their bowl and overlook other customers needs, as well as my own.  It took 5 min for the ranch to come out.  The manager brought it and said that I would not need to be charged the 54 cents.  I thanked him and went home.  I got home to discover that the pizza was extremely spicey.  I called back and asked what they had put on the pizza, and the same bartender said she thinks they may have put chipotle sauce on instead of regular.  She said she would have them make a new one now.  I ran back up the street and the manager provided a $10 credit for my next purchase.  When I got back home with my pizza it was missing the walnuts.  I think this is a great location for a pizza place, a cool indoor and outdoor environment, and great beer-on-tap selection; however, I do not think the bartender had any intention of providing service to anyone other than her friends at the bar.  It is unsanitary and discomforting to see wait-staff eating out of a customer's dish and then handle your food.  She was rude, inconsiderate of the customer's needs, and lacked any attention to detail.
5	Great food. Good beer selection. Awesome place to go with large groups. Very kid and pet friendly. It's a win-win for groups of parents. We're thrilled to have Pizza Peel in the 'hood!
1	Fixed
4	Decided to try this place thanks to an article on local pizza places in one of those free weeklies found around town and so glad I did! I met my friend for dinner on a Friday night a couple weeks ago and was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait. I arrived around 6:45 p.m. and was immediately seated at the table where my friend had already been waiting. Although for some reason, children seemed to be the overwhelming demographic that night so the place was L-O-U-D.We both ordered the pumpkin beers on tap (highly recommend!) and I ordered the Thai's Tong pizza. This is not the place to expect 'typical' pizza offerings but the pizzas are perfectly sized for individual consumption (cuz I'm greedy but if you're not, they're good for sharing too). The thai's tong pizza was delicious, not too much heat and not too much sweetness. A nice blend of the two flavors. I always judge a pizza by its crust and I'm happy to report the crust is on the thinner side and lightly crispy.Pizza Peel is located directly across the street from Zada Jane's and my only gripe about the place is that the parking lot is quite small so you'll have to rely on street parking or the lot across the street (if it's not peak hours).
4	Excellent service! Very nice staff members, and the food is amazing! The pizza is unique, and the feel of the whole restaurant is very modern, yet comfortable! I love all of the wood incorporated at this spot, and I will come back soon to eat again!
3	I'll give them the ol' head nod in regards to their beer selection.  In terms of the pizza, I've tried a couple and I'm just not a fan.  Their red sauce is a little too sweet for me personally but I'm sure there will be others that love it. The interiors are pretty nice and cozy and I really like the patio layout.  The service we encountered was nice and friendly and seemed to be hitting on all cylinders.  The only other drawback may very well be the parking.  It's a tight lot and likely you'll need to find a place along Thomas Ave for parking.
3	My search for good Charlotte pizza continues....I checked out the Pizza Peel on Central last night. Cool looking spot, great location with lots going on around it, nice vibe, great taps of beer flowing.  But I came here for the pizza.  And sadly, it left me very unimpressed. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.  It was decidedly "meh".  Completely, totally, "meh".  I have no reason to ever come back. I could see grabbing a draft given the nice selection, but if I'm going to eat unhealthily, it had better taste pretty damn good.  And sorry, but this isn't it.  The search continues...
3	I love their pizza. It is always delicious and creative. Their beer selection is good. Standard craft brands, with the occasional surprise. The only reason I did not say four stars is because their hostesses are young,  inexperienced and unhelpful. They are the first people you encounter and I have never had a positive experience. Once one told me "good luck" at finding a place at the bar during a game day. I understand, but maybe try a little finesse? The food helps me overlook the irritation caused by their hostess staff.
4	Great pizza, great beer selection, overall great place. They don't seem to handle volume really well, so when they are busy be prepared for a little lag in your food and service. The staff is friendly, though, and they'll help out if something is wrong. Specialty pizzas are always a hit, and their "secret" menu offers great ideas for pizzas when you're stumped on choosing toppings. They cook late night on Fridays and Saturdays, which makes a great alternative to the same old late night pizza options in the neighborhood. The beer selection is great, offering several craft beers on tap. The selection rotates, and they offer half pints and flights for people who want to try out a few beers in one visit. I also noticed they have a decent bottled beer selection, offering such gems as Brooklyn Black Ops. Not too shabby. Overall, great spot. Can't give it five stars because of the service and food getting mixed up occasionally when it's busy, but I'll keep going back.
