5	I'm from Las Vegas, riding the Valley Metro Rail for the second time now. The vehicles are very clean and sleek looking, the payment was quick and easy, the ride smooth, and the ticket fares were not outrageus for light rail. Only $1.75 for a one way trip. I wish we had something as nice in Las Vegas! Best part is that the north terminus point ends right in front of a huge, brand new SuperTarget! I will for sure be riding this anytime I'm in Phoenix.
5	Love Phoenix's Metro Light Rail.  Quick, easy, convenient, & good price.  Much easier than trying to park down town, cheaper than gas, & fun to covers with fellow Phoenicians.  Can't wait for the extensions to be built in Mesa & Phoenix! =)
4	The light rail is great. I ride it 3 or 4 times a week. It's cheap transportation with air conditioning and free entertainment. Most people will leave you alone, but public transportation is open to everyone so you will sometimes run into interesting characters. I usually listen to music, play with FB on my phone or read for class. It's definitely a more crowded commute when there's a Diamondbacks or Suns game, between the 9-5 travel "rush hours" and during the school year. In the summer, it's pretty empty. I took my bike on the train without a problem all summer long, but I find it's sometimes too crowded to bring my bike with me during the school year (ASU mostly, but there are other high school kids on it sometimes, too.) It only stops in certain cities from the Mesa/Tempe border to North Phoenix, at this point, but there are plans for expansion. If you happen to be attending an event at US Airways Center, you can ride the light rail for free with your ticket stub. Watch out though, meter maids hop on and off the trains checking for train tickets. I see them once or twice a week.You sometimes see homeless people duck off the train when they get on. Oh wells. It happens. And my favorite part is that Valley Metro likes to use social media! Use the twitter handle @METROrail. They usually respond back!
4	The light rail is pretty sweet; it takes you from one end of Phoenix to one end of Mesa. Plenty of park and rides in between, which is very helpful because if you are headed into town to catch a game, you can ride it for free and park for free!  You betcha I have caught the light rail a time or 2 and rode out with a hundred or so Sun Fans! Fun times to be hadAlso are you into people watching? The Light Rail is the place to be for that!Need to get to the airport don't want to pay for parking, have a family member or friend drop you off at a Light Rail station and ride on out to Sky Harbor!  If you haven't taken a ride, hop on and have an adventure!
