5	For an inaugural festival, Life is Beautiful outdid themselves. They really transformed downtown Las Vegas into something spectacular filled with food, music, art, and learning. For a first year event it was really well-organized.The VIP experience was worth it as the Zappos sponsored Recharge Retreat including all complimentary cocktails, massages, braid bar, candy bar, and more. The retreat stayed open throughout which was great for getting drinks and VOSS bottled water on a hot day.You don't get the high quality of food at music festivals like the kinds we saw at LIB. Most dishes at the Culinary VIllage were $10/plate and were from some of the biggest names such as Nobu Las Vegas and Tom Colicchio's 'wichcraft.The layout was massive with multiple stages and a scale that I heard was even greater than Coachella but with a less crowds. It made for a lot of walking but there was so much to see that even going from 12pm to 11:30pm, we still weren't able to see everything the festival had to offer.Imagine Dragons put on a great homecoming performance of "Radioactive" with Cirque du Soleil cast members performing alongside the Las Vegas based band in what they exclaimed was the true Vegas style of "doing it big."Dawes put on one of the better performances of the day and they are definitely a band to keep your eye out for. They sounded amazing!My only complaint was the taxi line at the end of the night which could have been handled much more smoothly if they had more staff. The local police officers did the best they could with the masses but there just weren't enough taxis.But, since the whole thing was an almost flawless experience, I left repeating what many of the artists echoed throughout the night: "life is beautiful!"
5	Just came back from a spontaneous trip to Life is Beautiful music festival!  I had an amazing opportunity to come to this festival with the VIP experience and it was worth the last minute drive.The concept of having music, arts, learning, and FOOD all together in one is a great concept and congrats to the creators for putting together a solid show for the first year!We got to explore a chef demonstration earlier in the day from Aaron Sanchez.  They had nice air conditioning and HD tvs inside the tents to enjoy the demonstration and they were giving away free chef hats. The Culinary Village was nothing I've ever seen at other music festivals. It was well organized with cute hipster decorations.  I never saw an extremely long line because they just had so many great quality vendors to choose from. One of the highlights was the Recharge Retreat sponsored by Zappos. It was like a perfect party for a girl's night out. They offered complimentary 10 minute massages, a fun little braid bar, a photobooth, and open bar. A little part of me didn't want to leave but I had to check out the bands. There were vendors and booths throughout the area with big hearts and cool street art.  They really revamped downtown Las Vegas which was in need of a desperate makeover. All the music artists put on a solid show with no disruptions. The VIP area had a little seating area by the bar and was sectioned off to the front side.  I wish I was able to stay Sunday night with a stronger lineup.  Only thing I hope for next year is to have MUSE come perform!! Oh, and improve those annoying taxi lines. Cheers to a beautiful weekend!
5	Alabama Shakes and some craft beer! Good times here as I randomly attended with Leigh.  Was psyched to hear Cayucas too.
5	The community: This event transformed downtown Las Vegas. I live near the festival grounds and was able to see the change over the course of the last two weeks. The murals and all of the other artwork are amazing and will stay now that the festival is over. The food: the culinary village was so much different than any food you can get at other festivals. Where else are chefs like Rick Moonen and Hubert Keller helping cook and serve dishes from pumpkin gnocchi to braised lamb tacos? Drinks were a little overpriced ($8 beer and $13 cocktails) if you went to a festival tent but the bars on Fremont had good normal prices. I saw Todd English at the chefs on stage but left after I realized id rather see more music artists (not that exciting). The music: the artists definitely skewed more indie/alternative rock. Imagine Dragons and The Killers provided the best sets and you could tell they were excited I be performing for their hometown audience. Janelle Monae, Childish Gambino, and the Joy Formidable were also amazing. Monae's cover of the Jackson 5 and the Childish Gambino freestyle were great surprises. Kings of Leon was kind of a disappointment - I like their music but there wasn't much energy at that show.Las Vegas Brought the best: the addition of pop-up Cirque shows on Fremont were great teasers and something you are only going to get here. The longer Michael Jackson cirque performance in the main stage was a highlight of my weekend.Life was beautiful and I can't wait to go back again next year (hopefully getting an early bird ticket for a discounted price).
4	I had a great time at LIB. I was able to ride my bike over both days. They had bike racks set up outside the front entrance. I felt entrance to the festival was pretty organized. The only issue being on the 2nd day there were some drunk idiots arguing about why the couldn't bring in their previously opened cigarette box. I chalked that mostly up to audience entertainment though. I thought the stages were well marked and easy to find. There was a lot of room, and I never felt too crowded.. Even when masses of people were leaving a show. The app was a great addition. I liked that you could easily see a little about the bands. It gave me an idea of who I wanted to check out. I was able to see some really great unknown artists. That's what these festivals are all about for me. Food. The first day I had some absolutely delicious lamb tacos ($10) it was from a restaurant in the Tropicana. They were topped with goat cheese. Yummy! The second day I had a not so great shrimp mac and cheese (I think from Burger Bar) I was not impressed. I also had a slice of cheese pizza from Spicy Pie, which was delicious as usual. A friend of mine had the garlic fries... I tried a few and they were pretty good. Drink. I really like that they let you bring in unopened bottle water bottles & empty Camelbaks. It wasn't really hot enough to need 2 full liters.. So I just brought in one bottle. It's nice to have the option though. Both days I drank a few beers (mostly $8 or $9 Heineken) I agree the alcohol prices were outrageous... I hope they find a way to lower them in the future, but not necessarily at the expense of raising ticket prices. Music sounded great at any of the stages that I saw. I loved all the extra touches of art placed all over the place. I really enjoyed a culinary demo with the guy from Chopped, Scott Conant (also owns Scarpetta) and ZZ Ward. Both were very funny. I even learned how to make a new pasta dish. Yum! (Tried it for dinner and it turned out great)Trash: Obviously this was the biggest issue. Not enough trash cans and they seemed to never get emptied. I figure it took Coachella a few years to get the trash issue under control, so I'm willing to let this slide for a bit. I'm sure they can figure something out. I definitely thought Imagine Dragons made the show.. By far the best of Saturday, and of course The Killers killed it on Sunday. I hope this is an annual event. I'm glad I saw Beck perform (oldie but goodie) but, I'm sad that I missed Childish Gambino (I may be saying that wrong). I had never heard of him before... but so many of my friends said he did an amazing job.
5	This was a great coup for downtown. I was hesitant to pick up tickets because the line-ups were not too appealing to me and going to fests in general at my old age has lost much of its appeal. After reading the hype leading up to it from the Weekly and such, I decided to go Sunday. It turned out to be a great decision. Having a fest like this in Vegas' urban core was a wonderful experience. Everything I witnessed was so well organized. The public art was my personal favorite - so many great and beautiful murals on dead buildings was a welcomed sight downtown. Yes, food and drinks were a little pricey (some of it well worth it - pork belly from Nobu!), but that is the reality of a festival of this size. I find some of the hipsterphobia coming against this festival to be rather humorous. Hipsters are about the most harmless group you could possibly attack, but people seem to be all against them. Additionally, it is such an ill-defined term as it seems like any curmudgeon 30 or 40-something (acting like someone twice their age) cannot stand hipsters - which seems to now mean anyone who is young and likes indie music (The horror!). Get over yourselves. Personally, I thought this fest was hipster-lite, considering the line-up. Anywho, this fest was a blast and I will be the first to buy tickets for both days next year - even if that means battling through the endless hordes of terrifying hipsters!
5	Everything about this festival was phenomenal. It was set on the old strip of Las Vegas - think back like Fear and Loathing or the days of Elvis, not the impersonations but the real deal. The buildings have so much character which makes for a better setting and just a more classic feel. They transformed the streets where the festival took place with wall murals; one side of a building was 3D and the next building someone had scraped away the paint to create one of the most amazing pieces of work I have had the pleasure to see. They converted an old run down motel into an art exhibit - walking from room to room to experience a new artist. I was even able to witness two artists paint and transform the side of a building during one of the shows. I did not attend the culinary village or those events - let's face it, I was there for the music.The overall festival was so organized. There was never a time where I felt lost or that there wasn't whatever I needed (bathrooms, beer, food, water, ferris wheels, maps, etc.) within 20 feet of me. Having been to many festivals, that really was amazing to me especially being with this being LIB's first rodeo. Even the people that attended this festival were so magnificent - I met so many wonderful people. During the concerts, there wasn't any pushing or shoving or a single time where I felt submerged in chaos. The crowds and all of the bands/musicians that played at this festival solidified my heart. Yes, things were overpriced. For instance, a beer at the tents was $9... for a heineken? Oh please. Luckily if you took a little walk into the old shops, they converted the barber shop into... what you say.. A BAR! Cocktails - $3, Cans of beer - $4. They also had food around here, but I chose to eat away my life in plantains and Arepas outside of the festival at a nearby Venezuelan joint. What I do know from this short story is, I WILL BE BACK LIB!!
5	Life is Beautiful was just crazy good, as a resident of downtown Las Vegas, I was pulling for this thing to be a sucess, and it was better than I would have ever imagined.Congrats to the Aurelian Marketing Group, and Downtown Project for making downtown Las Vegas shine with the event. To watch these guys put this thing together over the course of about five days was as amazing as the event itself - Kudos to all event staff that had a hand in putting on this show. Really just too much to take in in two days, the app was a great help, and we manged to schedule in the major stuff we wanted to see, but would have loved to have had time for even more Chef's, more Speakers, more Art and more Music!The food was amazing, a tip of the hat to Gearlds for the best Pallia we have ever had, Nacho Daddy, welcome to downtown, and how about the lobster mac an cheese are you kidding me......plus a couple hundred  other great food spots. While I was more into the Speakers, Art, and Food, we  took in Kings of Leon and the Killers, great shows, Michael Jackson One was amazing, and Million Dollar quartet was fabulous.Also, if you happened to be hanging around the Homegown Stage around 8pm on Saturday Night, you got to hear one of the best Trumpet players anywhere, as local downtowner Joey Pero and his band, blew the roof off the joint, (well if it had had a roof, it was have been blown off)I have only got one question - Where and when can I get tickets for next year!
5	AWESOME event! The lineup drew me in and it was well-worth the price of general admission. I found myself with great stage views for every band I wanted to see and surrounded by tons of energy in the crowd and from the performers. There were several blocks of downtown closed off for the event and it was nice to walk around in between sets and take advantage of all the photo ops ;).I never had to wait in line for bathrooms (separate section for ladies only!), there were short lines for beer or food at dinnertime, and there was a pretty good selection of gourmet-ish food and craft beers. It also doesn't hurt that it's in Vegas. The only gripe I had was with the cab lines and the excruciatingly long wait for one. It took more than an hour. Still better than paying for the shuttle pass.
5	EPIC. WEEKEND.As already stated, the event was incredibly well organized and planned; I was really impressed. My only comment is that some of the music acts could have been spaced out a bit more and better organized. It was hard to run from one stage to another when one ends right when the next band you want to see goes on. And it would've been nice to be able to see Empire of the Sun and The Killers instead of having them both go on at the same time. That said though, The Killers and Imagine Dragons KILLED it!!!!! This festival was amazing, from the affordable fine dining dishes to cooking demonstrations to street art to painting bricks, I had an amazing time and never ran out of anything to do. Great job to the festival and a huge thank you to those who made it possible and kept it clean. And yay for a separate ladies section of portapotties and hand washing stations!I already can't wait for next year!
5	I truly have not words to describe hoe awesome the Life is Beautiful festival was. Epic. Extraordinary. Mind-blowing . Tremendous. These words do not do it justice.  This was seriously the highlight of the month for me (if not the year). I am still processing everything I saw, listened to and tasted. When I first heard about the festival, many, many months ago, I thought cool, but I don't really know many of the bands. But I thought the culinary portion was incredible and for that alone I wanted to go. Fast-forward to the present and the awesome magazine that I free-lance for, InVegas magazine (shameless plug) gave me a free pass for the weekend. Score! Admittedly, I might not have had the same experience as someone who paid for their ticket BUT I thought it was well worth it and would gladly pay next year. Plus, it was super cool to access the media lounge at Atomic Liquors!On to the event. When I first arrived on Saturday I was kind of overwhelmed by everything, and didn't know where to start. I had gone alone and was wondering how I was going to keep myself occupied all day. Well I just walked around, taking in the sights. It is actually not bad to go alone, I was able to squeeze between people to get near the stages. The second day I went with a friend and had so much.  I also spent a while looking at all the murals; without a doubt my favorite component of the festival was the art. The Rise Above Art program was phenomenal, it expertly curated and all the artists did a great job. There are too many to note, but in particular Zio Ziegler's mural by the Secret Garden was incredible (he has another mural by the Learning  Village as well), the Chuck Close tapestry, Eric Tillinghast's ode to the Bellagio Fountains, local artist Aware's 3D mural, etc. I did miss out of the Andy Warhol film portrait, but there was just so much to do!As I said I didn't really know a lot of the groups (I'm more of a 80's-90's rock kind of girl), nonetheless I was pleasantly surprised by some of the groups and I would definitely buy their music. I discovered a group called Youngblood Hawke that played very cool. I also enjoyed Janelle Monae's performance, as well as Vampire Weekend and of course The Killers. Ironically, I like Empire of the Sun a lot, but figured I had to watch The Killers, you know just because. They did a very good job and I was surprised how into it the crowd got.The food portion was really good, if a tad bit expensive. I tried Blue Ribbon Sushi's fried chicken wings and a sushi roll, each for$10 dollars. The chicken wings were awesome! We also shared  chocolate chip cookie from Wichcraft. Later on my (cheap) friend was hungry and we headed over to Uncle Joe's for pizza. I normally would've gotten a cocktail, but ended up getting a beer. Some IPA from who knows where. It was very good. We also got to watch two cooking demos, one with Eric Bromberg and the Living Colour guy and another with Scott Conant and ZZ Ward, who had great chemistry. We didn't get to listed to any of the talks, which I will for sure plan better for in the future. The only issue I had was that they could've revealed all of the details at the same time; the culinary packages, the parking, etc. But other than that, I had the time of my life! Life is beautiful indeed!
5	This was soooooo much better than I expected.  I am not a festival girl and I get really....panicky in big crowds of people, so I wasn't sure how I was going to do at this festival.  But my boys The Killers were playing, so I just HAD to go.Parking:  Everyone was making a big bally-hoo over how terrible the parking was going to be.  Not an issue!  We found free street parking both days only a few blocks away from the entrance.Art: I thought it was just so darn clever how they turned that old motel into mini art galleries.  Going in and out of each room to experience the different artists was really a treat.  The street murals were inspiring.  And I love, love, loved the banner that you got to write on.  To think that my scribble scrabble will be on the inaugural banner is pretty awesome.Food: The Culinary Village was a nice mix of choices and the food was up to par.  Sometimes when you have festivals, the restaurants don't bring their A-game, but the Nobu sushi, Bratalian penne vodka, Fleur shrimp mac and cheese, and New Orleans shrimp sandwich I had were all delicious.  The only thing I wish they had more of?  Desserts!!  There were hardly any sweets!Drinks: Way too damn expensive.  The Alchemy Garden was averaging $15 a drink!!  And they were tiny drinks!  We spent most of our boozing at La Comida where they had margaritas for $7.  Much more reasonable.Music: Whoa.  Some huge acts.  All so amazing.  I really liked how they scheduled the concerts, so that you could walk back and forth between the main Downtown Stage and Ambassador Stage between sets so there was never any down time between concerts as they set up for the next one.  Of course I was happy to see my boys The Killers, but I also heard some new bands that I ended up really liking like Haim, Capitol Cities, and Zedd.The Set Up:  The layout of the festival was nicely organized.  Nothing was too far of a walk, and most importantly, it was not as crowded as I had dreaded it would be.  I also really appreciated how there were chairs set up all over the place for people to pop a squat for a moment, and I thought the garden area was fantastic.  Some nice, cool grass to lay on and rest while listening to whoever was on at the Huntridge stage.It truly was beautiful.  Can't wait until next year.  Bravo, Las Vegas!
4	Overall, it was a great time.  Atmosphere:  Great people, in a great location downtown.  Between using the old Motel and buildings as artistic backdrops, as well as the Park, it was very unique.  The crowd was friendly and fun, even though it was large throughout the festival.  People were happy, having a great time, and wearing a mix of all sorts of interesting costumes.  Drinks and Food:  Both were good, and there were plenty of choices.  It was however very, very expensive.  This is to be expected to a degree when you go to a festival, fair, concert, or anything the like.  However, given the ticket prices for various events, I think the peripherals were a bit too much.  Entertainment:  Great all around.  There was everything you could think of, and all sorts of music on multiple stages, to keep everyone entertained, no matter what their musical taste.  From 80s music to Hip Hop.  Everything was in reasonable walking distance between acts, and readily accessible.  Overall, I enjoyed the entire experience.  I especially enjoyed the Friday night, pre-game mixer, where various restaurant and alcohol vendors held a small, but fun social, right next to the container park.  Minus the admission price, food and drinks from all the vendors was free, and it was a great time had by all!  I'll definitely give it another go next year if I'm in town.
5	I still can't believe this was the first Life is Beautiful Festival ever, because it was absolutely fantastic.  The organizers did an amazing job and really blew everyone away. My friend and I did our best to see and experience as much as possible, and we still didn't really come close to doing everything they had to offer.  From amazing art installations in an old defunct motel, to riding one of the gorgeous Ferris wheels WHILE catching one of the dozens of awesome music performances, there were so many things to delight the senses.  I finally saw Passion Pit and it made me so happy! Robert DeLong did a really fun and energetic set.  The Culinary Village had so many tasty options to pick from; if you wanted sushi, steak, vegan food, or anything in between, you could probably find it.  The Alchemy Garden had some unique and excellent cocktails as well.  Little things like numerous charging stations, giant water dispensers, and General Stores for miscellaneous needs were also quite appreciated.  They really did try to think of every detail.Sure, there were a few little items to work on for next time.  Things that could be improved:-more trashcans!  We were told that they underestimated the trash and didn't hire enough cleaning people either.  Cups were a-rolling all over the grounds within a couple hours.-better cell networks/coverage.  The networks were really slow or just wouldn't work in some areas, due to being overloaded.  They were really pushing all the social media stuff, but they needed to be able to support all of it.  -faster and more numerous security lines to enter, and more exits.  It wasn't too bad, but why can't you let people out of more places?  None of these issues were even close to deal breakers though.  Overall, everyone seemed really delighted with the event.  I had a hard time returning to normal life after that epic weekend.  I know I will definitely buy my ticket for next year as soon as they go on sale!  Life is beautiful- yes, it is.
3	This festival was fun. For me it was fun -- it was better than staying at home or perhaps the proverbial stick in the eye -- but what is going to spell its doom is the following:- Shit line-ups. Line-ups are subjective, so, some people will love it, but no one can say they will remember this line-up years down the road. And I am not speaking purely of the headliners. Anyone can recall a headliner; but, the rest of the line-up (Nights one and two)? Get back to me in a couple of years if you actually go out to shows more than three times a year. - Terrible, terrible work crew. Who built that entrance structure? Circus monkeys? Were they hired on-site from among the indigent, regular populace of the "Zombie Apocalypse of FSE"? It is hard to believe that there was insomuch a minute amount of effort invested in building it structurally sound. Also, empty the fucking garbage (Night one)!- 4$ bottles of water. Seriously? 4$? 100% more than what Goldenvoice (AEG as well, dudes) sells it for at Coachella. And there is grass at Coachella, not blacktop. Do not do this. Fix it! And it might be useful to have more water points. Install more goddamn water points; what the hell is wrong with you people?- Shit line-ups. I still cannot believe that the inaugural line-up was so abysmal. I was hoping that I would discover an amazing artist or two. Maybe a Gil-Scott Heron (R.I..P., my poet) would be hidden in there and one could just stumble upon their set and be flabbergasted by the level of artistry. Hard to happen when the lower half just drops into 30-person attendance, tiny-empty club bands.  Now that I have that off my chest, I do have to admit that the art installations are what saved this shitfest. The permanent murals on the buildings, the interactive festival-goer-driven installations (wall of thanks, bricks, and heart & locks), and the street performers were all a very nice touch. Reps. The company -- cannot recall which one -- handing out complimentary hearing protection should get a government grant covering their expenses for such thoughtfulness. You may be inherently evil in all your other business practices, but you won me over with that simple act.The cops: was it truly necessary to have so many of them, especially when some are just thirstily hanging around trying to throw weak ass game at young, scantily clad girls (Night two)? Perhaps decrease their numbers next year and hire more porta-potty and garbage staff. Or lower the price on the grossly overpriced wristbands. Or add a fucking artist worth traveling for to the line-up. What a shitty, fucking line-up (only made to feel shittier by all of the cheerleaders proclaiming this inaugural fest to be the best outdoor event in Vegas history [uh, no] and that it would have Coachella-level headliners [heh, no: KOL cannot headline a fucking Coachella; moreover, what about your sub-HL?). You can do better.  We can do better. It was just, barely "A-OK." - E
4	Anytime you go the first year of a festival, you're taking a big risk. As a veteran of Coachella, I have high expectations. LIB was really amazing. Downtown Vegas was actually really interesting and a great place to hold the festival. Great lineup of bands and crowd control was great. The Killers were the absolute highlight and one of the best shows I've ever seen.The stages had no sound issues, and the stages were far enough apart so that no music bled together. Food was outstanding. Art was unique. People were friendly and local to Vegas. Complaints are that the credit card machines and ATMs were down at the same time, soo no way to buy anything. I suggest you bring cash! I had a VIP bathroom experience and it was not bad at all. Until next yr!
5	Now that I'm awaiting to go to my first Coachella next year, I thought this would be a good taste of Music Festival Life.Initially tried to get $100 presale tickets when they first came out but, they sold out immediately. Like, 15 minutes past the start time immediate. Once the LIB weekend started and I heard/saw many pics from the event, I figured I'd try to see what was available for Sunday (the last day) on Craigslist.Needless to say, I found steal of a deal from a group from LA who were selling tix for $40.I was worried about the parking so I left my car at Cosmo and had a friend drop me off to DTLV. We took the side roads and it was, surprisingly, easy going traffic. Cops and officials told me that the last day was probably slower because people had to travel back home.Everyone walking to the entrance of LIB made me feel like one with the festival-goers. We walked into various murals on the walls of various parking lots, restaurants, buildings, and even motels in Downtown. Some of which were prolly abandoned before LIB.Met up with my boyfriend and his friends who are avid festival-goers. The phone reception in Downtown was next to none so, we arranged a "met up spot!" Once I met them, I put my phone on airplane to save battery and just took pics and video all night.Missed Jonelle Monae and J5 but, was able to enjoy Zedd, Danny Brown, and Vegas' very own, The Killers.Along with the music, the food had to be the best music festival food ever...according to the bf and his friends. Restaurants like Honey Salt, Blue Ribbon Sushi, and RM Seafood were there. It was quite ridic to have this amazing food......at a music fest.....in downtown....Las Vegas.....Weather was perfect. Sunny, cool, and breezy. PERFECTION!The vibe at LIB was fun, pleasurable, and just magical. Amazing to see what's happening to DTLV thanks to Downtown Project =) Happy to call Vegas "home!"This made me anxious of Coachella 2014 and excited for 2nd annual Life is Beautiful.
3	After being downtown and hearing all the excitement LIB I was well expecting a lot more. The music and atmosphere were good but the food it was mediocre and a bit pricey. The food was great for a festival but after all the talk about how great it would be i was a bit disappointed. And the art... well lets just say incredibly underwhelming besides the murals there was little to none especially being in the downtown area. But the most disappointing this is most of the things they advertised that would be at the festival was not included. They went on and on about the celebrity chefs that would be there but failed to mention you have to pay to see them or eat their food. Lets just say they were nickel and diming any chance they could. Hope it improves next year.
5	There were def way more hits than misses for the inaugural LIB fest. I'm crossing my fingers that they'll make this an annual event.The Good:-A lineup on par with the other major festivals in '13. -Easy walk from stage to stage-Easy in/out-No bathroom lines-Cool artwork in every corner -Plenty of parking available downtown-Artists could be caught wandering the fest checking it out-Toyota tent brought some acoustic action (Passion pit, Dawes) in the early afternoon-Perfect weatherNegs:-There were so many activities (music/food/art), you were bound to miss half of what was going on-Most bands started late And yes, beers were $9 from the Heineken tents... BUT Fremont East was open! I don't know any other festival where you can literally walk into a bar and sit down for a drink and some pad thai. Plus there were specials... SPECIALS... AT A FESTIVAL. $3 fireball shots at Park On Fremont were going down all weekend. Compare this to Outside Lands, where the vendors and expensive tasting pours are your only option.Considering that this was a festival IN A CITY and not in a huge field, I think they did the best they could. Is there room for improvement, sure, but will I think about the great time I had at this fest for the rest of the year? HELL YES!
4	Ruben and I were really excited when we first heard about the festival brewing and made sure to purchase wristbands on the first day it went on sale (06/07/13). Early bird prices were gone within seconds. I have a feeling there were just a couple available. Either way, we still scored the second lowest price of $119 for two-day access wristbands. Payment was due immediately and wristbands arrived mid-October, within a couple weeks of the festival. Both days started at 10 a.m. and ended at midnight. A few blocks of Downtown Las Vegas were sectioned off for the big event with El Cortez Hotel & Casino and East Fremont in the midst. All-day parking and shuttles were available from select Strip hotels (Caesars Palace, Planet Hollywood, Bally's) and World Market Center on Grand Central Parkway, for $40 (for the weekend). Although the list of things you couldn't bring to the festival (NO umbrellas, lounge chairs, coolers) was much longer than the list of things you could bring, we were extremely grateful that they allowed two (2) factory-sealed one-liter water bottles per attendee. We were fortunate to have a ride to and from the festival grounds on both days. It still sucked. It was just such a nuisance for all parties involved. There will be a better way next year (without spending an additional $40). We prepared for our long days with a backpack and small crossbody purse filled with four Smart Water liter bottles for each day (need those electrolytes!), snacks, small towels, blanket, chapstick, cash, and sunscreen lotion (non-aerosol). It all paid off, so I highly recommend these items! Dress comfortably too since it was pretty warm during the day and bring a jacket for the evenings.Music: We loved it. Ruben is a really big fan of alternative music, so he was pretty stoked about the line-up. It helped that we planned and mapped out our attack since there was so much going on at the same time. Plus, the stages were not close to each other; good for the experience, bad for the legs/feet. We were able to catch most or all of Youngblood Hawke, Capital Cities, Imagine Dragons, Childish Gambino, Janelle Monae, Passion Pit, Vampire Weekend, and The Killers. Some acts overlapped others, so we had to rush from one stage to the next, but the last three acts of the second day were back-to-back at the same stage, so we were lucky and had amazing spots near the stage! The bands were all great, but some stood out more than others. Youngblood Hawke were much better than I expected, Imagine Dragons and Vampire Weekend had rad performances (loved the Cirque du Soleil collaboration with ID) and The Killers were really freakin' awesome!The various attractions were also fun: signing the gigantic inaugural festival banner, decorating bricks for The Wall, shooting a paintball gun at cardboard designs (bonus, free shirt!), various heart sculptures, the amazing murals and other art pieces on various buildings, the "Art of Beer" Garden where local artists, Giovanni Morales and LeslieAnn Farrell were live painting, the Learning Stage with notable speakers like Las Vegas' own Tony Shieh, and the Culinary Village that featured famous chefs and local eateries (Nobu, Payard, Fleur, DOCG Enoteca, Honey Salt).We didn't end up eating anything (except nameless tent garlic fries) since the offerings weren't extremely exciting and I figured if I really wanted to eat something, I could go to their respective restaurants. So, we ate before and after the festival and enjoyed a couple beverages (fresh fruit smoothies and beer, mmm). Oh, and random, but the port-a-potties were great! Most were placed under tents, placed in several areas of the festival grounds, well-kept, and I appreciated the portable sinks very much (complete with soap and paper towels!). Overall, a fun and memorable event. I haven't been to any other large festivals, so I don't really have any comparison. This is also coming from someone that doesn't really enjoy all-day outdoor engagements (I have the same feelings toward amusement parks). It's exhausting. After two days of standing, walking, and really crowded spaces, I was very tired. The most important thing is, would I go again next year? The answer is yes.
5	Awesome. Had a great time. Loved the concept. Definitely room for improvement but it was the first year so of course it's not perfect yet. Lots of potential though. Can't wait until next year's.
5	Best planned music festival I have ever been to. That being said I have only been to a few... those being outside lands, treasure island, and many other smaller ones. There was so much going on too many amazing acts to choose from.
5	This was such an AMAZING music festival and what appeared to be a flawless first attempt. We saw so many new artists to us which is always a plus! Chris DeLong was my favorite newly discovered artist. The food was all so delicious. It was so cool to see the celebrity chefs there too. It was all reasonably priced too. Shop around for your beer b/c I learned the hard way that the same beer will go for $4 up to $9! So if you're thrifty don't buy the first beer you see...unless you're thirsty.Another thing that I thought was brilliant was how we were allowed re-entry every day. That was so awesome I can't even explain. We actually purchased a townhouse downtown and LIB is one of the original things that had gotten our gears turning about making the move. Now we're ready for LIB this time! Only a 7 minute bike ride there!I am sooo stoked for it to come again. I heard it also did wonders for downtown bringing in buku bucks! Let's hope LIB is here for good!
5	So far, so awesome, Life is Beautiful. Well organized, great music, interesting speakers, amazing food. I'm thinking ahead to next year already. I'm loving this! (P.S. seating options could be improved a little)
5	Considering this is only their second year, They've done an amazing job.  I go to Coachella and LIB seems as well executed as a festival that's been going on for over a decade now.  It's clean, positive, and well set up considering it's set in a city.  There are a plentiful amount of porta potties which are clean. Hand washing stations. Water refill stations.  The sound systems are good. There are five stages, four for bands/DJs and one for chefs. There could be more food options. They're kinda lacking in that area.  But what they do have is good. The chef stage is pretty cool.  They usually have a band member from one of that days bands standing alongside the chef as they cook. I really enjoyed this festival.  The lineup was great.  I'd definitely want to come back.
4	Well this is an outdoor event how do I rate it, gave it 4 stars because Vegas needs more cultural events. Let me start with the security of you want to bring your own water make sure it's still factory sealed, they check everything, bags are limited to 12x12x8The food, drinks and entertainment are all top notch, they have some of the best restaurants chef's here.The music is fantastic and the people are great the perfect 3 day weekend
5	So much fun and so much to see!  I loved all the random art installations and the musical line up was great!   Seeing outkast perform was the highlight for me. And the food offerings were awesome tons of local restaurants were present with lower priced mini versions of their menu items... including nobu, honey salt, made lv, gimme some sugar,  hash house a go go and many many more. Get a 3 day pass to the festival because you'll never see it all in one day.
5	Wow what an awesome 3 Day Festival in downtown Las Vegas! And I thought us Aussies knew how to do outdoor festivals. They had a great variety of main stream bands from Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, Outkaste, Panic at the Disco, Neon Trees, Skrillrex, Lionel Ritchie to Kanye West. There was also a great variety of the not so main stream artists which was awesome. My favourites were Kimbra & Trampled by Turtles. Good to see the range of music varied from alt rock to hip hop to country genres. There was an amazing range of street art and galley art to view. They had guest speakers & celebrity chefs cooking. Huge variety of delicious food & drink stalls spread throughout the festival.Huge cudos to all the festival staff! Great job! Wishing I could come back next year.
5	Amazing Music, Food, and Indoor Plumbing!Bravo to the Downtown Project and the organizers of LIB.  Last year was great and this year was too.  I love having so many stages and bands to listen to, and the possibility of trying delicious eateries and relaxing between shows.  I wish you had a comedy set as well, because that would just cap everything off.  The close proximity of the hotels and bars makes this festival a winner!  I'll definitely be coming year after year.
5	I've never seen so many acid washed high-waisted booty shorts in my life. By the way, this isn't me complaining. I have frequented many festivals and LIB is by far my favorite for multiple reasons: great music, amazing art, loads of tasty food, in an out privileges, and multiple bathroom locations. Yup bathroom locations made this list. This can sometimes be often overlooked, but it is an important must have for festivals. If you haven't been to Life Is Beautiful is takes place all over downtown Las Vegas. From Fremont Street all the way past the old Western Hotel and Atomic Bar & Liquor Store. This also includes Container Park which closes for the weekend and is only accessible once you're inside the festival grounds. Throughout the streets there are multiple art displays, interactive features, and around every corner there's either a food spot or beer vendor. Although food and drinks tended to be a little on the pricey side, with the awesome in and out privileges, you could go to any one of the many bars or restaurants that surround the venue and not have to pay top dollar for a grilled cheese or Heineken. Parking was never a factor and the grounds themselves never felt crowded, that "cattle herding" felling never came over me once. The grounds were mapped out perfectly with multiple pathways leading to the same destinations. Along most of these paths were giant painted wall murals or pieces of 3-D Art that stopped you in your tracks and made for sweet photo ops. As corny as this sounds, I think these pieces of art and the constant reminder that, "You Are Beautiful" kept everyone in high sprits with smiles and random high fives. The, "bro-factor" was kept at bay and I never once witnessed a fight or festival goers acting like over-privileged jerk offs.The music was on point and every band seemed to be feeding off the "beautiful" vibe that the crowd was putting out. Every band I stayed to watch gave nothing but praise to the Vegas crowds. Some of my personal favorites of the weekend were Alt-J and The Arctic Monkeys. I hate to say this but, Outkast was pretty boring (I'm probably going to get some hate on that comment). Artist I'm bummed I missed were Phantogram, Broken Bells, and Girl Talk.I heard the Chef stages in Container Park were amazing, but sadly I never had a chance to check them out; there was just simply too many things to do. That might be my one beef... Too many fun things to do or at least try to do over the course of three days. This review could on forever and from the looks of it, it kind of does. You really just have to experience this event for yourself. Food, Music, and Beauty.What else do you really need?
4	I'm a first-timer at Life is Beautiful and all-in-all, it was a cool, positive festival with a few areas still needed for improvement.  A few points of constructive criticism that I observed: -Lost-n-found was a bit of a doozy.  Most volunteers/staff didn't know where it was unless you were nearby and no sign.  People there were super nice though.-Would've been nicer to have been notified about the app and shuttle info earlier. Although they were answering questions via social, not all the questions were being attended to.  -More water points would be nice or at least signs pointing you to them.  I only saw two during my exploration.  -A bigger area for the 'learning' would be better.  Also would be helpful to have sound coming out of the screens showing the presentation for people who couldn't attend.  -The VIP area was interesting but other than a few nice touches, I don't think it's worth getting over the general admission in it's current form.  I think things like expedited lines, some more swag and discounted merchandise/concessions would go a long way to making it feel more like a VIP experience.  -Some of the music acts were timed weird like A-Trak & Galantis - both EDM artists that could have played at separate times.  I do get that at a fest, you're not going to see everyone you want to but I think helping to mix up the types of bands playing at the same time.  -The balloons were kinda cool idea-wise...but man, they popped so easily and I saw so many people get it blown up in their face with glitter all over.  -I loved a lot of the food and drinks but it was tough numbers-wise to try much.  The Container Park had the best deals ($7 for an awesome hot dog and beer was the best deal I saw) and I'd love to see more deals emulated throughout the rest of the vendors.  -Not a complaint against the fest but Vegas needs to create a monorail or quick transportation service form the Strip to Downtown and back.  -Finally, a weird complaint but would really really appreciate wristbands which you can actually loosen.  I initially did mine too tight and had to work at it for a while throughout the day to try and loosen up.  That...came out longer than I expected.  But even with all of these points, there was a lot to love:  +Loved the music line-up personally.  Even though the smaller stuff other than the headliners were mostly newcomers, they were a strong bunch if you heard any of them.  And the headliners were all terrific and lived up to what I expected (yes...even Kanye with his usual 'talk time'.)  Otherwise, there was a great variety from EDM (finally got to see Galantis and I was a happy camper) to Milky Chance to Vintage Trouble.  Even getting closer or out of the crowds weren't too bad as people were for the most part really nice and chill.  And the chefs were cool! Cat Cora for instance was nice enough to shake hands and take pics after her session. (Would love to have more samples though!)+Speaking of nice people, the staff was super nice and the festival in itself was so positive.  Loved all the crazy art wherever you looked (my favorite is still the water slides on the rooftop) and the fact that you were really encouraged to take pictures (the photo scavenger hunt was terrific).  +LiB allows you to explore Downtown which a lot of tourists forget about.  I've never been myself and it was fantastic to really see a different side of Vegas with a lot of personality and a lot of potential growth.  +Enjoyed the shuttle system which was usually pretty easy to use, especially getting back.  Problems included traffic, distance and bad drivers which aren't the fault of the festival.  I stayed around the strip and it was easy to get to the Linq and find the shuttle.  +The festival was quick to adapt...or at least it seemed like it.  Things that weren't apparent on the first day like signs for shuttles or signs for where the speakers were quickly were put up by the end of the first day or at the beginning of the second.  +The food variety was pretty good although the quality/price was a little hit-or-miss (addressed above).  However, when it was good and especially in a great deal, I can't complain too much.  The best items I had were the pig wrap at Hearthstone and the crazy chef hot dog at the container park.All-in-all, a terrific experience that I hope keeps on growing.
4	First and foremost, major thanks to Yelp for hooking me up with 3 day passes to Life is Beautiful. I had very little interest in paying to see the 2014 musical lineup, but when given the opportunity to check LiB out for free, I had to jump all over it.I attended all three nights...Friday: After working all day I was kind of beat, which actually worked out well... While I can get down with some of Kanye's music, the guy is a douche so I didn't want to see him in person... and I have never been very into Panic at the Disco..  so I was a-ok with missing those sets. Instead Friday night was spent exploring all of the artwork and food options Life had to offer.Saturday: I am thankful to have gotten the opportunity to see Lionel Richie. Singing along to his classic songs while riding the ferris wheel was a highlight of the evening. And Outkast was phenomenal in my opinion!  Sunday: From the get-go, A Trak was who I was most excited to see. I am a huge fan of turntablism and getting to see a dj actually scratch, rather than pushing buttons on their mac is always enjoyable for me.  I was also really impressed with Imagine Dragons. That said, the Foo Fighters ended up being the highlight of the entire festival for me. The covers they did (Miss You by the Stones, Queen's Under Pressure and my personal favorite of the night,  Tom Petty's Breakdown), coupled with Dave Grohl's banter with the crowd made me a fan of the band, something I would not have called myself before seeing them live. What really set LiB apart from other festivals in my opinion was the food selections!  So many delicious options available, all various price points. Food I sampled:-Hangover from Stripcheezes ($10): Summer saugage on a pretzel bun with beer cheese sauce. Reminded me of Wisconsin, which is a good thing. These were sold out by Sunday-Honey Toast from Aloha Kitchen ($5): My first time trying honey toast, and it did not disappoint. -Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade from Hash House a GoGo ($4): A little heavy on the ice, but the flavor was excellent. The melon garnish hit the spot. -Pretzels and cheese from Culinary Dropout ($5): I have had this before, so I knew it was going to be yummy. And it was. Other random tidbits: I loved the artwork. So many amazing murals and interactive art pieces. There was only one ride, the ferris wheel by the main stage. I would have loved to see more rides. And the $5 fee per person to ride was kind of lame.Traffic and parking SUCKED. I am sure this was at least in part due to how late we arrived each day. After paying too much to park Friday, we decided to get dropped off Saturday and Sunday night. I am glad I got to attend Life is Beautiful. I was impressed with how the festival grounds were set up and how much there was to see and do. Depending on who the musical acts are for 2015, I may have to break down and buy tickets next year
5	Excellent festival in one of the greatest cities in the world, Las Vegas! The "Life is Beautiful," 3 day event was worth every beautiful moment.  It took place in downtown Vegas and was very well organized. This is like the Disneyland of all the festivals: combining music, art, food, and learning.  It felt like a nonstop party that provided happiness and beauty all around. Thank you to the staff, perfomers, presenters, and creators of this festival that was a feast for all the senses!
5	To begin, over the years I have stopped going to certain festivals because of the crowds. I value my space... I like to be able to jam out. LIB was perfect for that. No so many people that I couldn't dance without hitting anyone... but just enough people that I felt that festival family vibe. Sticking to the crowd topic, everyone really seemed to live the whole Life is Beautiful theme... I don't recall seeing any fights or any douche attitudes... I LOVED it. Even though I hardly knew anyone there, many folks were (likely) from out of town & I'm new here... I felt that I was a part of the community. I did not attend last year, so I can't compare the lineups.. but this year's lineup was insane to me! I got to check so many live sets off of my bucketlist... not to mention, see a few sets that I absolutely loved for a 2nd time. Phantogram... my lawd. I know, this is picking pretty deep but I wish they would have had Phantogram at night because their light show is INSANE! A few other notable acts... Outkast... crazy energy throughout the entire set! Foo Fighters... were wild! Dave is the man! The Weeknd (third time seeing this guy) put on a hell of a show, per usual. Kanye, Arctic Monkeys, Broken Bells, A-Trak, Little Dragon... well, you can view the lineup yourself, everyone was amazing. I really appreciated the genre mixing, there was really something there for everyone. The art.... and maybe I just don't get out much, I'm not sure, but I've never seen so much amazing talent! I loved being able to walk around in between sets and check out all of the art and activities they had going on. The wall murals are sick and I'm glad they keep them up. Some of the pieces were somewhat interactive... a pink furry wall, the wire man who followed you in every direction... which I really appreciated. It'll be neat-o to see more of that next year. In and out privileges were EXTREMELY appreciated... with the location being so close to everything that fremont has to offer, it was nice to be able to leave and take a break at points to drink & eat a little cheaper outside of the festival. The festival had plenty of bathrooms and I never had to wait in line.. but it was also nice to be able to sneak away and use a real bathroom as well. Honestly though, if they did away with the in and out privileges - for whatever reason - it wouldn't be the end of the world because there were plenty of areas where you could dip away and relax. We had a wonderful experience chilling out in the Post Secrets dome. I have been a fan of Post Secrets for a while and being able to lay back in comfy seating and view postings above was so cool! We never even knew that you could go inside the dome at Container Park! Ha! My only complaint was ride costs. There was really only one ride, the ferris wheel...and $5 per person to ride was really ridiculous. But, I can't complain too much because we rode it as Outkast was opening. Food and drinks didn't really seem to expensive to me - comparing to other festivals...and the quality seemed much better. I really love that they showcased local food! I also appreciate the water station and the abundance of staff available to direct you to where you wished to go - if asked. Everyone that I encountered was incredibly kind! This festival experience spoiled me!I will definitely be returning to LIB next year... this was a stellar event and a lovely group of people to be amongst. I really hope that they continue to progress... Life Is Beautiful definitely has my support.
5	I can't think of one bad thing to say about LIB Fest, the organizers did an awesome job, which is remarkable in itself for year #2. There are more established festivals who could learn a thing (or 10) from these guys.1. The weather was perfect! Sunny and warm all day. Even when night rolled around, it was a comfortable 75-80 degrees.2. So much to see and do! Whether you wanted to look at art, dance your brains out, enjoy a cocktail, or just chill on a bench, no one could complain about a lack of options.3. Not too crowded! Never once did I feel like a sardine in a can. Plenty of opportunities to get up close to the stage and see your favorite artists.4. Lineup that rivaled any other big name fest across the US. Outkast, Broken Bells, Jenny Lewis, Holy Ghost, A-Trak... The list goes on.5. Getting to hang out at Atomic Liquors right outside the perimeter and getting unlimited "in and out" privileges" all weekend. And no, that wasn't a VIP perk!6. Good food from local restaurants. 7. Being able to park 2-3 blocks away and not have to wait for hours in some random lot miles away to get home.8. Plenty of nightlife to enjoy after the last act finishes around midnight.9. Even if you didn't partake, gotta love those Dancetronauts. You know what I'm talking about...10. Such a diverse crowd! Everything from soccer moms to goth kids to hipsters and stoners. Everyone was in good spirits and fairly polite.Though my old lady bones were tired from 3-days of walking around and staying out too late, it was a pretty memorable Vegas weekend. Well played, boys, well played.
2	Don't bother buying VIP tickets.  The security on the last night was awful.  The VIP section for the Foo Fighters got taken over and was totally mobbed.
4	The festival gods sure did smile down on me! Jessie won tickets from the Yelp Twitter contest. I was thrilled when she said she'd take me to Life is Beautiful. I'd never been and for sure couldn't afford the high ticket prices. Day 1 Friday -Had an incredibly hard time finding parking our original plan of parking at the Stratosphere and taking a cab in were dashed when we saw their garage and valet were full. So we drove around downtown and ended up paying $20 to park at the Fremont St parking garage. At least it wasn't to far a walk to 7th St. They checked my backpack and let us in. We walked down to 9th St and found food cause we were hungry. I first spotted Culinary Dropout. We both got the pretzel balls with provolone cheese sauce and I had a rib too! Both were delish. The rib fell off the bone and was perfectly cooked. We each got 6 pretzel balls and a ton of cheese sauce. Mmmmmm! We checked out the Ambassador stage while we sat on the cool grass on my blanket. We were kinda tired already so we walked over and visited the pink fuzzy wall and the EDM stage was in full effect. Loved the fire shooting out with the beat of the music. Next we came across the Strip Cheese truck which we mentally noted for the next day. We wondered around to the Huntridge stage and then decided to leave for the day. Day 2 Saturday- Instead of paying another $20 for parking my husband Joel was sweet enough to drop us off and pick us up. On this day we were supposed to meet up with our other Yelp friends that had won tickets Jessica and Niyen, but due to crappy cell service we just missed each other. So Jessie and I decided to get food before the Roots came on stage. Strip Cheese was calling our names. Jessie and I decided to share what we got. So she ordered the Hangover and I got the Triple Parley. The Hangover was on a soft pretzel roll, summer sausage, mustard, and a beer cheese sauce. Omg yum!! The Triple Parley was excellent too! It had three cheeses and was perfectly melted on crisp sourdough bread. We wondered over to the downtown stage to check out the Roots. Jessie wanted something sweet so we checked out the Aloha Kitchen booth and she got Honey Toast. At this point a text came through on my phone from Jessica! I told her where we were at, but didn't hear anything back. So we waited for a bit and then I had to give in and use a port a potty. As we were heading that way what do ya  know we ran into Jessica! Yay!! It was decided we were all going to ride the Ferris wheel. Let me tell you I'm a total wimp when it comes to rides, but I was determined to try. After waiting in line during Lionel Richie we got on. Omg so not fun. The whole thing moved and after three times around I was ready to get off!! Thank goodness for Jessica she flagged the ride operator down and got him to let me get off. We all gathered afterwards on my blanket and watch Outkast who totally rocked! They were amazing!! I couldn't stop dancing in spite of my feet hurting. This was a great night at the festival. Sunday- yay!! Foo Fighters day!!! We arrived around 6pm this night and again my husband dropped us off and picked us up. This time we met up with Jessica right away. I gave her my blanket and she headed over to our spot under the Ferris wheel to set up a base camp. Meanwhile Jessie and I met up with Niyen and walked over to the ambassador stage to see A-Trak. He was an amazing DJ! He actually mixed stuff and did not use a computer. Our feet were hurting so we headed over to our spot. We saw the Arctic Monkeys who were ok. Finally the band I'd waited ALL weekend for the Foo Fighters!! They rocked hard! Playing songs from all albums and a ton of covers which I loved! I also really loved that the Foo Fighters thanked Life is Beautiful for letting them play. Super classy!!With all the people this festival was super organized and I loved they had lots of water fill up stations and plenty of bathrooms. A couple things I did not like about the event. The parking sucks and really shouldn't have been so much. There was several art displays, but I was thinking we'd get to watch the artists as they were creating their pieces. I also thought there would have been more art over all. By the third day I was worn out! This was an amazing experience and I was so happy to spend it with some of my closest Yelp friends. Thanks to Yelp and Nate for giving out some amazing tickets! Some sweet memories were made at Life is Beautiful! Peace and love!
4	YES YES YES!!! Everything about this event is awesome (except maybe the pricetag...and the fact that I had to work and could only make it to 1 day...sadface).There was obviously a lot of thought put in the planning of this event. The stages and soundsystems were set up perfectly, and the timeline of the shows worked really well.  It seemed like the stages were all kinda music genre themed, and made alot of sense. There were also plenty of other options of things to do... arts+crafts/chef demos/dancing/sitting around....Things I loved:+MUSIC: SWITCHFOOT, Panic! @ the Disco, The Weeknd, HolyGhost!, EchoSmith, GirlTalk....fun times!+Diff dance/lounge areas put on by different vendors+Whole Foods coconut water+Cafe Bustelo's free coffee/phone charging station :)+H2O tanks!+People watching+overall pleasant happy crowd+"in & out" privileges....the wristband means you can come and go as your please! Complaints: -Everything costs $$$....as if tickets already don't cost enough...-Where is the SODA?!?!?! All I wanted was a coke/pepsi to caffeinate, but there was NO SODA ANYWHERE!!!!!!!!!-Weed...blehMy greatest regret this year is that I missed seeing Foo Fighters on Day 3 bc of work :'(Overall, I had a super fun time here. Way to go, LIB! Keep it up!
5	Really just a great festival. I'm going to start out with the location. Can't get much better than downtown las vegas. The scene doesn't get bad at all and if you had a dead spot during your time in the festival ( I didn't), then go get some cheap drinks and gamble a bit. That being said there were plenty of drinks in the festival. The food was an eclectic variety that could satisfy almost any diet. Even if you only wanted to try things here and there, there were definitely places that I will visit to have a sit down meal and check their menu out.I have to mention this in the review. Bathrooms are very important at a festival and there were plenty as well as plenty of stations to fill up on water. Were they the best bathrooms?  No, but if you were a bit particular about bathrooms you were in downtown vegas and could've left the festival to find some nicer ones without wasting more than 15 minutes.The art and atmosphere were amazing as well. From the wall to where you could make any message in a certain color to the wire sculpture of the msn that was always looking at you. The artwork did not disappoint. A ferris wheel is classic and appropriate and it was there well lit. One of the best things there was the Huntridge stage that had grass brought in. It was a good change of environment that allowed people to relax, eat, and just enjoy the festival on a nice piece of greenery. You won't see too much grass in vegas otherwise. Lastly, the music. A great diverse mixture of artist. I won't harp too much on it because the performances spoke for themselves. The headliners were Kanye, Outkast, and Foo Fighters with Panic at the disco, flaming lips, and Skrillex playing at the other stage when the headliners were on each night. Respectively. No one disappointed. I'm partial to Outkast, so I thought they were the best, but that's no shade thrown at any other act.I will be going in 2015.
3	This 3 day music festival pales in comparison to Coachella. Save your $$. The food was subpar and the music performances were blah. I expected more. I was disappointed.  It had a good purpose with an awesome underlying theme. "You are beautiful." What sounds better than that? This festival has a lot of potential to become something amazing... Unfortunately our photos were average because the festival was average. On the first day I wanted to take a photo in front of the ferris wheel but they shut the lights off and the photo would have been pointless because it was so dark. It was bizarre. The concert still had several hours to go. People were still riding it because there was not much else to do... If this festival brings in bigger DJs I think they would pull a better crowd. There were too many high school aged kids. It was like a community fair but even fairs have better foods and more rides. For the amount we paid I don't think it was worth attending.
5	LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL! After experiencing this festival, this is how you will feel. It's better than any artificial high you can buy. A magical gathering of people infused with a plethora of art, culinary delights, learning, and live music. I've been to several music festivals: big and small. Life Is Beautiful is my all-time favorite. Imagine a 3-day festival in the heart of historic downtown Las Vegas. It makes navigating the space a cake walk because it's set up on a grid. The two main stages were on opposite sides of the grounds; each with a separate culinary village attached.I'm not really sure what the parking nightmare was like, thankfully my sister works downtown and let me borrow her parking pass at a structure near downtown; although Saturday night I was camped in the garage for 2 hours. Since this festival is in the heart of downtown, my group of friends grabbed some beers (and I a lemonade) at Park on Fremont and see-sawed for a bit.Being that this Festival is still in it's infancy, being only it's second year there are still kinks that need to be worked out. The motivational speakers were crammed into this small space. Lining up for 30 minutes prior to a session and not being able to get in was beyond frustrating; however, I got over it quickly. My best festival memories come from getting lost in the experience rather than rushing to catch a certain set. My favorite memory was the ferris wheel ride on night 3. We were the first loading on, as soon as we made a full 360, Foo Fighter started. One of those, what is life moments. I love taking in the views from on the top of the solo ride. Overlooking the entire festival. Seeing all the people there, all experiencing the same thing, you can't help but feel connected to your fellow ladies and gents. I'm still smiling from my memories made there.Can't wait to go back!
3	There's always a plus and minus side to big festivals like Life is Beautiful. I was here for both last year's inaugural event and this year's event.Compared with last year, they stepped up their garbage / recycling game. Either that, or the attendees have been more Earth conscious. There was less trash on the grounds this year at the end of Sunday. I also noticed an increase in security patrols.As for the music, art, lectures and all that - somehow it felt smaller on the art side. There wasn't as much interactive art IMO.The lecture format was great. I liked the conversation / interview format they had with some of the talkers.Food is as expensive as ever. Eat lunch before you go or venture outside of the festival grounds to one of the nearby establishments.They ran out of those maps / pamphlets at the Info booth, so we relied on the App to look at the schedule. Their app was a lil' annoying in that it forces you to "update" every time you open it.All in all, it was an OK Go event.
4	Life is beautiful (referred to as LIB from here on out) is a fairly new festival in downtown Vegas, and I've been lucky enough to make it out to both years so I'll review them combined. 2013 was a 3 star festival, but 2014 completely blew it out of the water and was 4.5 starsThe festival was expanded from 2 days to three, the  layout was different and the music was a lot more diverse. LIB is a lifestyle festival in the sense that it's not just about the music, but the art, food and people are just as important. Everywhere you went there was some sort of reminder to smile and the beauty of life. I've been to lots of festivals in my life and this had some of the best energy in the sense that there weren't any obnoxious or frat bros types that always appear at fests in varying amountsThe music was also miles better than last year. I love the killers and imagine dragons as much as anyone else but the 2013 lineup was mostly a college rock vibe. This year the extra day helped minimize the conflicts that define most major festivals. The lineup was strong from top to bottom, and anywhere I can go from the roots, then foo fighters, then skrillex is my type of party--also, dancetronauts were one of my favorite art cars at burning man, so seeing them get their own stage to just go wild was one of my highlights and I seriously seriously hope it's there next yearThe biggest and most impactful change was the layout. For example last year all of Fremont east was inside the festival so if I wanted to go to Le Thai or commonwealth is still have to deal with festival crowds and couldn't enjoy downtown if I wasn't part of it. This year the outside businesses were on their own and they added to the experience. Every night when LIB was done me and my friends would just keep the party going by bar hoppingIt also helped that container park was open this year because it made it easier to showcase the chefs. Last year it was a clusterf**k trying to see the chefs and enjoy everything else. Also, I absolutely loved in and out privileges. There are several reasons why you might need to step out of the fest but the ability to do so is so valued!!-the negatives weren't much, but I'd say the biggest one was the learning sessions. I loved them, but I only was able to make it into one because the learning village area was small. I'd love for them to find some way to expand it. I hated having to miss out because it was always at capacity. Me and none of my group were thrilled about paying for the Ferris wheel. Most fests don't charge and it made us want to ride less. This isn't one that I out on the organizers, but if you were drinking your way thru the fest like me you would notice that some bartenders had heavier hands than others Overall, this was a 4.5 star festival. And I'm even more excited for 2015 based on the giant leap it took from last year to this Life is beautiful. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
5	One of the best music festivals of all time located right in the heart of downtown las vegas. The murals are beautiful, great food, awesome performers and it is worth every penny you will spend. See you next year LIB! :)
4	Loved this festival! I know I'm late on the review, but I just noticed it today.  My friend had VIP for the weekend through her work, and it was somewhat puzzling. You would think VIP access to watch the concerts would be closest to the stage in the middle. They were not, they were on the side of the stage, and there were a TON of people with VIP passes!  Suggestion for the future:  Create the VIP area from the side and slide it right into the front of the stage as well to accommodate those who paid more money for the passes please.  VIP area had bars set up with cocktails, beer, wine, and separate nice restrooms. Think mobile trailer but decked out inside with laminate flooring granite countertops on the sinks. Very nice to use instead of the horrific port a potties.   I loved the vibe of the festival, art everywhere, and everyone that attended seemed to be in a really good mood. We didn't come across any mean people except for the Foo Fighters performance when trying to make our way back from the bathroom, a guy literally grabbed my friend's arm and asked where she thought she was going! How incredibly rude to put your hands on another human being you don't know to prevent her from getting back to her spot closer to the stage!  Besides that, it was a lot of fun and the lineup was great!  Parking, lol, well that was a nightmare. We parked at Binions parking garage and paid $20 for the day.  I understand what they're trying to do with the Downtown area of Las Vegas, revitalizing it and all, but this festival seemed too large to accommodate that many people. Two lanes of traffic on most streets, plus rush hour for those getting out of work going home, made for a stressful arrival into the downtown area.  Coming off of I-95 at LV Blvd exit making a left. 2 cars in each lane turning left were able to get onto LV Blvd because traffic was backed up into the intersection when the light turned green. Even those 2 cars in each lane, then blocked traffic heading north on LV Blvd. It was ridiculous!
5	In my own lifetime, I can pick out quite a few moments of pure happiness, and many of these moments happened at the Life is Beautiful festival in Las Vegas. Yes, the festival is still young and has a lot to learn, but it's still amazing and by far my favorite music festival. It is honestly hard to explain this festival because the atmosphere is so unique and wonderful.LOCATIONLove, love, love. Something about the Southwest and the desert in general has always been a love of mine, so adding great music, art, and food to it - priceless. The layout of the festival was also very easy to navigateand very close to Fremont St., hotels, and other activites. It was incredible every night to be listening to a great artist, with a beautiful, pastel desert sunset in the background. Incomparable.FOOD In all honesty, everything (which was a lot of things) I devoured in the 3 days at the festival was delicious. I particularly loved the fried chicken sandwhich from the Daily Grill booth and the fresh pineapple from the Whole Foods tent, but everything I ate was amazing. My family loved all of their food as well. Some may think it's pricey, but what do you expect? It's a music festival and the food is gourmet.MUSICAwesome! I personally loved Milky Chance, Fitz and the Tantrums, G-Eazy, The Vacationers, and Echosmith the most, but I really didn't see a bad performance from any artist. I know Arctic Monkeys would've been my favorite, but I left early Sunday and missed them unfortunately. I thought the lineup had a great variety and can't wait to see what they put out next year.ART/LEARNINGThis is actually the only thing I felt the festival lacked. I didn't see one learning seminar due to crowds. There was also some scattered art throughout the festival, but nothing crazy. I did love the swimming pool with ducks and the striped motel. ATMOSPHEREStraight up wonderful. I never saw any violence, or crazy drunks. This festival welcomes all walks of life, and I saw many children. It just feels peaceful and happy to be there. VIP I had a VIP wristband, and I loved it for the most part. We had nice couches and shaded areas at 2/4 stages. They also had fancy bathrooms! The one thing I did hate was that the VIP area was on the complete side of the stage, which made no sense. If you paid a much higher price for the ticket, shouldn't you get the whole front stage? Otherwise, it was a nice privilege.Overall, I have no real complaints. This is my all time favorite music festival and I cannot wait for next year.
