4	I love this place! Steve is the best!
1	Lets just say i was not to please with my experience at Nails R Us. After two days my nails were lifting on about 4 nails by the end of the weekend i had 6 nails lifting, so i went back and showed them and she was like its normal. No it normal to lift but not after 2 days! They did fix them for me free of charge but were very rude to me!!! Will not be going back there or will not refer any of my friends there!
3	i tried it out because its close to the house.. they did the basic, nothing else on my pedicure. i was the only person in there, so its not like they were overwhelmed. but i like it when they do the leg massage, and the foot rub. there was no heal attention or anything.. they basically washed, removed nail polish, cut, filed and painted. ill find another place to frequent.. unless im in a pinch and need that french tip toe before a night out.
5	The owner's and staff at Nails R Us are great. The owners are so accommodating, they will open early or stay late when needed. They do a great job at HALF the price some of the nail salons in the same area. The shopping center is a bit lack luster but it's never hard to find parking the grocery store there has a coffee shop inside so I will usually grab a coffee then go take a seat in the salon to be pampered. They do foot massages, callus removal and masques for no extra charge. YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT!!!!!
5	Ann has been doing my nails for years(4-5).  I have referred 3-4 people to her and we are all pleased.  She is nice and very hard working.  Steve is sooo friendly they always greet me by calling me by name and ask about my grandkids and children.  I can go sometimes for 3 weeks between fills.  I have not had nails lift the may break but do not lift. Lifting is usually caused by oily nail beds. I went to another salon before NaILS R US and they never lasted ad long.  i can always call and get in  without having to make an appointment way out.  Very friendly and courteous.  I would recommend NAILS R US  to anyone.They do wonderful Peds a great leg massages.
