4	Home Depot off of Serene and Spencer is clean, spacious Home Depot.Very easy to get inside the store and navigate around the departments and the staff is available easily for help. Overall, it is your regular Home Depot and carries all the great variety of equipment that you may need for your next project.
4	Home improvement needs? Home Depot is the place. Jewelry making  materials?? Yet again, Home Depot is the place to go. Yes, places like Michael's will supply the obvious items to make any craft you might wish to partake in, but if you want something out of the ordinary and unique this is the place to browse. S hooks, washers, and cords can be purchased to make some interesting bracelets.
4	Walking into this location, I had no less than 5 people greet me and offer to help. Nice. Way to step up your customer service game Home Depot. Huge store, one of the biggest ones I've been in and with the help I got all my random parts in 20 minutes. Honestly I was really impressed. Who knows, maybe this is a new corporate directive or something. It's working.
3	The Home Depot has everything that you need to finish a home project (well, almost), but good luck finding an associate who is able to help you. Let me start out by saying that I spend a fair amount of time at hardware stores and Home Depots buying tools or hardware to finish a home project.  This Home Depot in particular seems to have a lack of knowledgeable staff.  When you do find an associate, they're mostly friendly, but usually don't know what tools/hardware you're talking about.  A lot of folks seem to just be learning what tools / hardware work for which project.  And that's my level of expertise as well.  So before I enter this store, I usually go online for some advice.  Or I head over to Ace Hardware--which may not carry all the equipment, but the staff knows a lot about a lot.  My breakdown is this: if I need to know the proper tool for a project or need advice on how to complete some project when I hit a snag, I go to Ace Hardware.  If I need a part/tool/piece of hardware (and I need it today), I go to this Home Depot.  After I wander around for 10 minutes or so I can usually find someone that will at least try to help me find the item I'm looking for.
4	Have been to this location many times for various purposes.Varying degrees of helpfulness from associates which has ranged from very knowledgable to just pointing the customer to an aisle.The most recent trip was to rent a carpet cleaner.  What caught my eye was that they had new cleaners and I hoped the motors would live up to the machines appearance.Good job overall.  The carpet had not been cleaned in years and had dirty, matted traffic patterns.Suction was great as the machine pulled plenty of water out of the carpet so not to worry about a reasonable drying time (we had "short shag" carpet).The attachment (for the stairs) did the job but could have been made heavier.  It was light plastic so we had to use two hands to get the job done properly.  A metal (heavier) "wand" would have helped alleviate fatigue.Will certainly be back for one of these cleaners as they are likely to be in good condition for some time in the future.Only issue was the suction swtich.  It stopped working in under 10 minutes of machine use. Had to pull out the plug whenever we wanted to turn the machine off.Also, it is LOUD.  Either turn the exhaust outlet away from you, wear earplugs or rent a less powerful machine elsewhere.No "foaming" issues either.Simple follow the directions and watch your carpet get clean !
4	I think I spend way too much time here.  I can wander around the Home Depot for hours.  I did some projects over the summer to our house and I actually came in this store everyday for about a week and half.  The cashiers gave me a hard time because I had to keep coming back.  It is always hard to review a big chain store.  I mean the Home Depot is pretty much like a Wal Mart or Target home improvement.  The prices are that bad most of the time.  You have to really choose your battles.  Some stuff that you get can be very low quality.  I have purchased some plumbing supplies that were pretty cheap looking.  I ended finding better parts for the same price at a plumbing store.  So really think about what your project needs.  For the most part if you  are doing little projects around the house this is the place to be.  You will usually find what you are looking for at a good price.  Let's move on to the customer service.  Good luck trying to find an associate in the aisles of this place.  And if you actually find an orange apron they are always with someone walking to the other end of the store.  This Home depot has a couple older guys that know their stuff.  What I really like about this home depot is the cashiers.  Just about every cashier in this place are great! They are super nice.  Really watch out with paint guys.  There are a couple that are really great.  There is one that always seems impatient and wants to challenge if you have a question.  You will know who he is if you have to talk to him.  I have no idea how this guy even got a job that is about customer service.  So I warned you.  Also watch out for your paint mix.  I had a gallon of paint that wasn't mix properly.  Luckily they replace it but my time was worth more.  If you have project you have to go to the Home Depot.  Cheers!
5	Had to do some painting in my parents kitchen so there were a few trips to the old depot. My dad had a stroke and can't help much. It was up to me to get his place a makeover. Mom is .... let's say she isn't exactly good with manual labor. The guys at the depot helped me with everything I needed. They made sure I had the right brushes, masking equipment and painting accessories.  They gave me instruction and advice.  Eager to help, the service was great. I have never painted so much all by myself. My parents are really proud of their baby girl. Thanks guys in the paint department.  You made me look like a pro.
1	Great to shop bad to return. shopped here several times in the past. the last two times my purchases were defective.. first time i had to get a manager when the returns lady said they didn't sell the unit i was returning even with receipt. the manager scolded her and took my return. the last time was today when another returns lady accused me of breaking the tool which was a punch and snapped on the first use.
5	Thank you for incredible service today! I went in for drawer knob bolts and was helped by two associates. The combo of the thread type and length I needed was tricky, but they kept looking until the right product was located. I've been in the power tools area before and also had incredible service!
3	Customer service at this location is questionable.  I could not find anyone in the lumber department and decided to call the store on my cell phone.  After going through the menu I finally got to a guy who worked in this department.  He said he was busy doing some type of training and would be there as quickly as he could.  Once he arrived, he was very helpful, but in conversation it appears his department and the store is very understaffed.  People seem to get promoted and moved to other stores and then they don't replace people here.  I have been to this store on several occasions and normally have had decent service but that has been up close to the customer service counter not in the back corner of the store where there are no eyes.  Like I said, the rep was awesome, helpful, answered my questions and got the items I needed.  I will return to this store, but the one on Marks has much better support.
3	Only because I knew what I was going for.  I peeped it out on the net!  I hate home improvement stores.  So I went to the back asked the cashier where it was!  She found it, I got rung up, and I was out of there!  Whewwwww, I'm glad It was that simple!
2	2nd time I've come here after 6pm..just needed to exchange an item for different size.. Twice now I have to wait 20min because they only have one person  working customer service. There were couple guys behind desk not acknowledging people in line. We all felt ignored. Poor customer service.
4	swung by while i was in town to grab something really fast. Like how all home depots are laid out the same way (generally). Signage helps speed my trip up, but still find myself playing with the power tools whenever I get the chance
4	Very nice and clean store! It looks to have just received the newest store refresh and is very clean and properly labeled. Lots of helpful employees too!
4	Recently moved our business here after several unfortunate issues with Lowes (which is literally across the street.) met one of the managers to discuss discounts. Good meeting, think they will work to take care of us.
4	Nice location by Eastern and 215. Was convenient for me when i had to get supplies for repairing up a rental house we have on that side of town. Good prices. Usually have everything in stock. Had to stop by here  to pick up a little more wood (miscalculations and miscuts ... luckily it was a less than 70 cent piece of wood) while at a friend's house borrowing his dad's mitre saw. Their layout is a bit different from the location im used to (Flamingo and Ft Apache) but it wasnt hard to find everything. Give or take, almost was just a flip...
5	I'm so impressed by their customer service. They have great staff and wonderful personalities. They honored a discount that was for Lowes (the 10% moving discount) even when they didn't know how to add it to my purchase. They figured it out quickly and everyone has been so helpful!  I've been there several times this month and they've just been so easy to work with.
1	After a long day of moving boxes out of my house into a storage I was exhausted by the time I arrived to Home Depot. I needed a u-haul truck to transport the remainder of items out my house which btw I needed to have out the house that day. I go to customer service and speak with one lady about renting a truck overnight. First she said that she didn't think they did overnight renting and it was almost closing time so I wouldn't be able to get one that day for the use of same day. She was uncertain whether they did overnight because of some recent things that had occurred. She spoke with the Assistant manager over the phone who told her that she could go ahead and rent me an overnight vehicle. I went back to my car to let my boyfriend know what was going on. As I returned into the store the lady I had been dealing with sent me over to another cashier to take care of this. This new lady has no clue about what I needed assistance with and has to ask the lady who sent me to her. While they are talking things over they then start doubting whether it will be okay to rent me the van and the new lady calls someone ( the assistant manager ) who comes to front right away and now says they will not be renting me the vehicle for overnight due to a recent situation that happen with one of the vehicles. I got really pissed off because the assistant manager switched up his decision and I had waisted valuable time there walking away without a truck. It basically was up to the assistant manager to decide if he wanted to allow a truck being rented for overnight. When the first cashier called him he should not have told her it was okay to rent me the truck for overnight. That particular location will never get my business again. They were all a bunch of.... Never mind i'll be nice. Located off serene and eastern.
4	The people that work at this Home Depot is what makes this place great.  I've had many interactions with the staff over that last 5 years since I've lived down the street and they are super helpful and nice.  I have never had a bad experience here.  I have had some major projects that this home depot help with.  From carpet and Pergo flooring, new Trex Decking, new front door, new fridge, new palm trees for my back yard and many smaller items.  See pictures of my finished projects.  Special thanks to Jorge for the deck and Mark for the door.I've rented the truck from here many times and they make it a super easy process.  The Customer service Desk is always fast and courteous.Keep up the great customer service.
3	My experience at this Home Depot really wasn't THAT bad. What really left a sour taste in my mouth was when I was asking a store clerk if they sold any garage door remotes. She gave it a split second thought and said "no" she didn't bother to check and just stood there as if to say I should probably try somewhere else. I was literally about to leave when I thought to myself... "This can't be right" so I went back in and found 2 other clerks who were very polite and helpful and directed me to the items that the other clerk Esther, had so blatantly claimed that they didn't have. This was the only thing keeping me from giving this place 4 stars. Otherwise it was a great experience with the other clerks and I was able to get what I had needed.
5	I love that I can bring my dog here first off!!! It's such a fun outing for us dog people.Anyways, on with the good stuff. I walked in with random plumbing pieces from dumb plumbers hoping I could figure it out... Unfortunately I did not. My plumbers are not very good with instructions and I am just not that familiar with Plumbing. I walked in and asked for help I was directed to the plumbing isle where someone would be able to help me. Thank goodness!!! I want to say the mans name was John. John was apparently a plumber for a long time before becoming a Home Depot employee ((yeessss)).  He helped me get every single piece I needed and at one point I put him on the phone with my plumber. He pretty much schooled my plumber. I loved it!! I would not have a shower without him. He was so incredibly helpful polite,land smart. What a great asset to the Home Depot staff. Made my day and shopping experience. You never think things are going to be that easy.
1	I was at the Home Depot the other day walking to the cashier. I slipped & fell on my knee. I looked to see what I slipped on & there was some kind of liquid or oil on the floor. Now my left knee hurts & I have to take care of my 4 kids. There was no wet sign there. Today someone from the Home Depot called. He was nice. But I'm still in pain.
5	5 stars for the most helpful customer service from any box store I've been too-we were repeatedly asked if we needed anything and two associates even stopped to engage us in conversation about our project-kudos to management for inspiring your team to care about your customers-we will drive past our local HD and Lowes to come to this location from now on!
