1	The office space, layout, presentation gets 5 stars, the customer service you receive from the employees at Corporate Office Center is a negative 10. They will scare your clients off, scare your own staff and make your life a living hell. Their office locations and space is beautiful but if a say, a client shows up at a time other than their scheduled time, they will be told to leave. They will be told you don't provide any services at the locations and if anyone could single handedly ruining your professional image, Corporate Office Centers can do this for you! BE AFRAID!!!! They are dedicated to working against, not with you.
1	I cannot begin to express how poorly I think of Corporate Office Centers. As the reviewer before me stated, the location is ideal and the offices are lovely, but the customer service is atrocious. I had a one-year lease in the office with a number of challenges throughout my term. Unfortunately, my requests for assistance fell on deaf ears. The staff is trained to make money, NOT to help tenants. Below are some examples:Shortly after I moved into the office, I was told that I could not use my AirPort to connect my Mac to my printer and make a wireless environment. That meant that I had to run wires across the office and inconvenience my clients when they visited the office. Apparently, had I paid an additional fee, I could have used my AirPort, which is NOT a router, as specified in my contract and verbally.Then, when faced with personal and professional financial challenges, I approached the management about moving to a virtual office or finding another solution so I would not have to endure continued financial hardship. Again, I was flatly denied the option to even discuss the situation. Finally, after ending my lease, I was BILLED! The management requires a substantial deposit, yet I was billed for mail forwarding and cleaning. I had less than $3 worth of mail forwarded to me because I picked up the other pieces. I also never used or publicized the number provided by Corporate Office Centers, as I just forwarded my own number. Therefore, my COC number was not used, even though I still received a $375 fee. And cleaning a 125-square-foot office for $325? I have had my entire 1,300-square-foot home professionally cleaned for little more than that. That amount is ridiculous, especially since I cleaned all surfaces before vacating.I will vehemently discourage others from using Corporate Office Centers as they are a complete rip-off. I have heard this tale of woe from others who were lured in and are now stuck. If you need an office space, do yourself a favor and avoid COC. It will only cost you if you go this route.
5	When the building air conditioning unit went down and it was literally 112 degrees outside, our building manager Deena did everything possible to help us out with fans and to get the situation resolved as soon as possible.  We really appreciate her attentiveness and professionalism.
5	I recently started using this location as a virtual office for my clients. I am very impressed with the entire staff involved in helping me get reservations, greeting my clients and using other support systems. I would highly recommend this facility/location. My experiences are distinctly different than those written by people with negative opinions. As an aside, I am an independent company in need of a facility/company like Corporate Centers. I have no connection with Corporate Office Centers as they are not my employer! The facility is clean, and in a great location. The kitchen is very clean.  I need to reserve a day room "on the fly" and the staff communicates with me on a very timely basis. This is a great place to establish a virtual office based on ones needs.Regus bought out corporate office center. It is still an excellent office setting.
1	I have to warn everyone to stay away from doing business with this Regus office! They are owned by a large International firm and will nickel and dime their clients. Just google Regus and you will see what I'm talking about. The employees at the office are very competent and nice but they are not empowered to make any decisions. I just had to deal with a situation that cost me a lot of $. I was a tenant for almost 25 years at this location and I was treated like dirt when I left.
