5	LOVE THIS STORE!  Everything country and such neat finds.  Some day, I will clear out my house and head to Cave Creek and the Lazy Lizard to completely redecorate it (will wait till the teens have flown the nest because it might make them crazy).. Love the cowboy/girl handmade cards for birthdays, weddings, etc.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  Just a really fun place to search for that perfect cowgirl find.
4	I love this store. It's our favorite place to browse when we are enjoying down time over the weekend.  We recently purchased a beautiful Indian style bed and the price was incredible.  It was a great deal, we were pinching ourselves.  The staff was great even when our kids were starting to act up.  We will return and shop again.
3	If you really look around, you can find a deal. We found an outdoor lantern and a rusted metal mirror frame that was totally cool for around $40.
5	Like everyone else said... LOVE IT.I could furnish my whole house with their stuff. It's all southwestern/cowboy themed - they have furniture, wall hangings, dinner services, knick knacks and trinkets, and even some boots and hats. Everything is usually on sale to some degree.The mustached gentleman that took care of us was very nice and helpful. We purchased a picture frame, a cute hanging piece and a cowboy boot piggy bank for my godson - it all added up to about $20, and unlike some stores in the area, I was glad he treated us like we were still worth his time even though we weren't buying anything big.Can't wait to come back with my whole week's earnings to splurge on some more decor!
5	I recently visited the Lazy Lizard.  Great items, unique and different.  Additionally, I unknowingly dropped a $50.00 bill out of my wallet when I went to purchase my" find".  After I discovered my money was missing, I called all of the stores I had gone to see if anyone had found my money.  When I called Lazy Lizard the gentleman said "I've been waiting for your call".  He actually sent me the money in Seattle, where I live.  So refreshing! Thank you Lazy Lizard!!
1	Here's what happened...  I'm from out of AZ and while touring houses to buy I came across this store.  i purchased a framed piece of art for several hundred dollars and they stored it for me.  Months passed and one day they called me asking when I'd be picking it up.  I told them it'd be immediately after escrow closed.  No problem they said.When I finally closed escrow I called them to say I'd be in to pick it up the clerk said the piece was right in front of him...  at the register???  I thought that was an odd and vulnerable place to store art.When I arrived they quickly handed it to me in the UHaul truck and off I went...  happy to hang it in just the right place.  UNTIL I unwrapped it and saw mildew on the matting and water stains on the rear of the matt.  Obviously it was water damaged while in storage; no one would have bought it in this condition.I immediately called and emailed 4 times to politely ask how they may wish to remedy this... NO CALL BACK or response.  I was told all sales are final.  I was willing to have it repaired and not refunded.  STILL NO RESPONSE.So, I'm left to YELP about it and caution tourists and natives to enjoy the things they sell but don't expect straight-shooting when there's a problem.  Guess they're too lazy to care once a sale is made.
5	High quality, good prices, unique stuff and the people working there are as nice and helpful as can be. We bought a wooden dining room table and a set of outdoor furniture for a fraction of the price new and it was all in excellent condition.There are also some cool tchotchkes, cowboy hats, boots etc. I bought a cool framed wooden John Wayne poster for $80.If you are looking to furnish your home in a Southwestern style this is a place you must come to.
