4	I got a sneak peek at the soft opening last night and, let me tell you: I'm VERY optimistic about this place! First off: the beer was great! I especially enjoyed the James Brown Ale, followed by the Mit Hefe and I cannot wait for the Sunnyslope Stout to be available. Our server, Anthony, was friendly and professional. I appreciated his recommendations and attentiveness.We started with the mussels (the best I've yet had in the Valley of the Sun!), -- plump and soft, well seasoned not overly cooked. I will likely be  making a meal of these  in the future -- and, enjoyed the "bread" which are medium-length pretzel rolls served with a light, fluffy, sweet, house made honey butter, Dijon mustard and a nutty, garlicky pistachio pesto.I enjoyed the Shepard's pie, made with tender, flavorful lamb topped with delicious mashed potatoes. And had a bite of a dining companion's fish and chips - perfectly battered, moist, flaky fish - something I would order in the future, though I'm holding out for the poutine which was not available yet. I understand they're perfecting their fries to be "made" for this dish! They've been "practicing" on their Mugg Club members (http://www.northmountainbrewing.com/wordpress/?page_id=22) a subscription email that alerts you to special brews in the forecast, top-secret private engagements, and other "need to know" information. They open "officially" at 4PM on Saturday, March 9 and will be adding lunch once they get their legs under them.I've asked my name to be engraved on a chair, as I plan to spend quite a bit of time here! Prost!
3	North Mountain has terrific potential as a great neighborhood spot--where everyone will know your name.  Based on the soft opening most things are on track.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable--always a good sign for some place just opening.  We shared mussels and they were terrific, just needed to come out a tad bit warmer.  I had the fish and chips--the fish was really good--crispy but not greasy and flaky but not dry.  I am not a big beer drinker--but the pale ale was  flavorful--perfect for someone like me who wants to enjoy a beer without being  overwhelmed  by it.  so why the three stars?  for a brewing co/pub--the fried foods have got be a step above.  Although the fish was terrific--the chips left a great deal to be desired.  I asked for mine well done and crispy--they came out one tint away from  off white and were limp and soft.  Not the way fries should be.  They were also overly salty coming out of the kitchen.  Fries should have a taste of their own but still have room for an individual's own salting and bathing in ketchup is you so desire.  I am sure I will return to try more -- both beers and food.  I do hope they will fix the fries though.
5	FANTASTIC!!!!  Atmosphere was GREAT!  Food was really good all around!  Staff were engaged and helpful!  Valet parking was a plus since it was raining!!!
1	One star because "no stars" is not an option.This is the exact email I sent to the brewery after leaving this establishment about my "experience" which has yet to be acknowledged :Pretty disappointed by last night's experience. Or lack there of. We got to the brewery a few minutes before what I was told was our "reservation" time and just shortly after a party of 4 had gotten there. I heard the host tell the party that since they did not have a ''reservation", it would be about a 30-40 minute wait. The party moved aside to discuss if they wanted to wait or not. The host then ignored my husband and I for 5 minutes while she conversed with 3 other employees all who seemed to not have a care in the world. When we finally got her attention she found our name on the "reservation" list and informed us it would still be at least 30/45 minutes before we could be sat. Now longer than the group who walked in before us that didn't have a "reservation". We have no problem over looking minor service issues,especially at a new place, when dining out, but when it comes at the expense of wasting our entire evening, that's just inexcusable. Why bother taking reservations? Scratch that, why email me and ask me if I'd like to have a reservation for your establishment if you have no intention of honoring it. Sure you maybe thinking, "we were going to honor it, just 45 minutes late"... Which means it would take me how long to get food and beer after arriving at this imaginary table? Also 30/45 minutes? Lame. So I have yet to get a response... Forget this small place with crap parking. Go to Fate, or Angels Trumpet, or Sun Up, or Phoenix Ale House, or Sleepy Dog, or Four Peaks, or Gordon Biersch, or hell, drive the hour to Sedona or Pine and visit one of their many breweries. All of them will be more than happy to provide you with wonderful beer & food with out a "reservation"... Just don't bother here.
5	OMG! I thought this place was going to be amazing. But it actually exceeded my expectations. Chef Justin's food is going to blow your mind. Met him tonight and he seems like family already.We had the Oxtail lumpia (the meat tender and with a perfectly crisp wrap,) Ahi Tuna dish that will rock your pallet, also had the risotto with chicken and finished the meal with  my first ever WORT milkshake. Talk about malty goodness. Presentation of all items were perfect! Hello.. 1 star reviews - it was the opening of a brewery/restaurant , of course it's going to be crowded. And for the record, this is a large place with ample parking. Far better than some of the other fine establishments mentioned. The kitchen staff was in concert with each other like a perfect sonnet when we arrived. They were happy, pleasant and responsive. No doubt due to the leadership of their Chef.  Beer was outstanding, weakest in MHO was the Pale, but still a solid beer. The ESB and Hefeweizen were spot on. This is very rare for first batches from any new brewery. I did not have the fries, but will check them out TOMORROW! My only criticism was lighting might be a little bright, but not distracting. And if that's the only suggestion this very detailed project manager has, this place should get 6 stars whether it was opening night or 6 months from now. And...personally if wrote an email, BASHING or congratulating a new establishment on opening week, I would not expect an email within 24 HOURS. Good Grief.
2	We arrived around 420pm. The place opened at 4pm however you couldnt order food until 5pm or there after. Which seemed strange, dont you think that as soon as you open the kitchen should be ready to go?    I had a bad feeling when seeing that the place was packed and the Kitchen was going to crash.  I was right, it Crashed!! because 90% of the people ordered food all at once. It took forever to get our food, and when it arrived not eveything came out. It happened to all the other tables around us. The fries were luke warm and boy did they scrimp on the portions.  It seemed that they "stood at the door" and threw just a handful to the plate with the fish!!  One of our friends didnt even get his Fish and Chips, apparently was taken to the wrong table. I think their portions should be bigger and its misleading when on the menu it says "Large Plates", because you expect a big plate of food.  That certainly was not the case. It seemed liked they really were not prepared. They were disorganised, lack of training and communication.  Servers not knowing the correct table numbers therefore delivering wrong food. A big cluster!!!  The Chef should pre shift the servers before opening letting them know what they didnt have on the menu. Our server came back to us twice because what we had ordered they did not have.   Would also recommend Salt,Pepper,Sauce Caddy's on the tables. Napkins and Clean Polished Siverware would be nice. We had to ask for all that.  Other than that the place had a good atmosphere, the beer tasted great.  Would like to see this place to be sucessfulI, however they will need to  improve with service and food. Maybe we will come back in a few weeks to give them another chance and hope they have worked out these issues.
1	So we also went to the soft-opening.  In that, I'm patient with the service issues which were more than present.  Our 4 dinners were brought out one at a time, about 5-10 minutes apart.  I watched as server after server wandered around the room asking "did you order...?"My biggest issues here were definitely the problems I don't see them resolving with some simple management.1. I like beer.  I like craft brews and love microbreweries because you can get something completely new.  Not here. I tried every beer they had on tap, except the one they said wasn't ready yet.  The pale ale was decent, but murky and boring. The hefe had a strong vinegar smell, but luckily tasted a little bit better with a strong banana residual flavor.  The James Brown nut ale had the most character, but at the end of the night, was just a nut brown.  The ESB was boring...little flavor and too dark for the style. Overall, I enjoyed the guest taps much more.  The Great Divide saison and the Four Peaks black IPA were much more interesting and worth calling craft beers. 2. The food. What a disaster.  I sat with a group of 4.  We ordered their pretzel bread, which I think is just rye bread with pretzel salt on it.  It didn't have much flavor.  The three dips it came with were decent though. I don't eat seafood so the choices for dinner were limited.  There was chicken, burger, bangers and mash, or shepherd's pie.  We ultimately ordered three of these.Which all came out about 5-10 minutes apart.The chicken was a drumstick and thigh on about 3/4 cup rice.  VERY salty and mostly just a teriyaki taste. The bangers and mash are one sausage on lumpy mashed potatoes. The shepherd's pie was good, all six bites of it. The burger was forgotten about and reordered.  It came out rare, not medium-well as ordered.  It was ok, but I've had much better burgers that didn't cost $14.Overall, I would eat before you go, and be willing to know that any beer you get here you can get pretty much anywhere else.  Until they get more creative with beers, and reasonable with thier food prices/portions we will not be going again.  What a shame.
4	Ok people... Take a breath and reign in your inner bitch. This is the FIRST couple days of what will be a jewel of the neighborhood. Just like any new neighbor having guests over for the first time, your job as a guest is to welcome them first... Hold back on your criticism as if they owe you something because they we're blessed by your company. First impressions? Yes, the 4$ valet is not in line with the neighborhood norms. Adjust. Yea, live music! Live music by the front door?! Maybe not... Also, put up some artwork or other stuff to breakup the bare wall space. Ok... That's it. Nothing else to crab about cuz I was here two days in a row and I'm ready to go back tonight. The food was GREAT. Good portions, better than I make at home, and less than it would cost to make/burn myself. Great beers too! The one I disliked most is still delicious! How often can you say that?! Plus, I enjoy that it's not "service" so much as a bunch of people who like to cook and serve food and beer, hanging out with their neighbors. Like contributing to a pot luck with cash instead of potato salad. Don't get lost in the expectations of what you are buying with your dollar. Come, sit, eat, drink, listen, meet, share, taste, smell, speak, thank and ENJOY your neighbors and your neighborhood! ;) You can thank me later... Cheers!
5	The food was absolutely amazing! My husband and I had the shepards pie, mussels, and the little eggrolls. I was a little hesitant about the oxtail, but it was a wonderful surprise.My husband tried the James Brown Ale and wished he wold have gotten a growler of it. The hefe was my favorite. All the people seemed very nice. The waitstaff, the hostess, and the people who cleared our table. I hope this place stays around for a long time! It was much needed!
5	FANTASTIC!!! I have been to many microbreweries and this is by far the BEST! First off, the service was absolutely wonderful. Hostess greeted us right away and was always smiling. Our server was very knowledgable, professional and friendly. Though our server was very very busy,  we were constantly checked on, and tried to get to know us on a personal level, not just another tip. Second, the beer was very unique, the brown was personally my favorite, followed by the hefe. Lastly but most definitely not least, the food was delicious! Me husband and I started off with the ahi, wonderful presentation but an even better taste! Then shared a shepherds pie and a north mountain burger, absolutely to die for!!! We wanted to try the malt but we were too stuffed, we will be back to try it next time.  There is NO doubt that I will be back.
5	This place is awesome! The food was delicious and the beers were just as amazing. We tried the Justin, Mountain Burger, Oysters, Lumpia (FAVORITE), and the Shepards pie; none of which disappointed and was like a party for my taste buds. Will be for sure frequenting this place when I next visit Phoenix from LA.
4	Still a fan! Had the burger which was meaty, well-seasoned and juicy, the crab dip which was rich and creamy (had to ask for a few more crackers, which were happily provided) and the mac & cheese, which had the nice tang I look for in a sharp cheesy dish -- and enough cheese that you had to twirl your fork to break the strands!
5	I am a fan of their beer and the food. My favorite beer they make is the Brown ale.  Another must try is the Saison!  They have a salad made out of brussel sprouts that was amazing.  They sautee it!  I recently had "fried brussel sprout salad at a fancy new Japanese restaurant in Vegas and this was much better. Their mussels are good too.  I also tried the ahi tuna salad which was also very good. I have not gotten around to trying any entrees or sandwiches yet.
2	So we went on opening weekend and we had a fairly large party of 8 of us so we knew there were be issues so I am going to try this place again in a month or so and hopefully they've worked out the kinks. There were some really good hits and a couple of really bad misses.First the good hits. The Brussels sprouts are awesome! While the pretzel bread was good the three sauces that came with it were the bomb! My only complaint was there was not enough of them in the little cups. My wife loved the crab dip and the mussels. The burgers were good but needed bacon. We were told after we had eaten that it could be added but no one mentioned it to us and it wasn't on the menu. The servers were very friendly and apologetic on some of the misses. The beer was good. Not great but not bad. I tried the Hefe and the Pale Ale.So the misses. And these were pretty big misses.  I was the first person to get my plate and my fries were ice cold. Totally inedible! Between the time I got my plate and the last person on our table got his plate was more than 10 minutes. I was done with my meal completely by the time the last person started digging in. The Mac and Cheese, had no cheese on it at all. It was just bland noodles with what  were supposed to be peas in it but I only saw maybe 2 peas. They should just take this off the menu!!! It was by the far the worst thing we ate!My other complaint is really kind of my own. The place seems to be a geared towards a seafood menu. Out of our entire party, only two people liked seafood. When I think beer, I think burgers and meat and manly food. When I think seafood I think wine. Maybe that is what the owner is looking to change, but with only just 3 or 4 things on the menu not seafood I think they are doing a disservice.Overall, there are a dozen other brewhouses in Phoenix that serve fantastic food and fantastic beer. I really hope North Mountain Brewing gets their act together, there is nothing on that side of town and it could use it! I will be back in a month or so to see if they can get things together. I think their hits outweigh their misses so go and enjoy a beer, just don't go with a large party. And stay away from the Mac and Cheese!
5	I had waited patiently for months in anticipation of this awesome brewery to open it's doors! It was worth every long drawn out month :)!! Not only is the blended Euro/Sunnyslope menu of libations and the food brilliant and extreme tummy friendly-you can't find a more friendlier and good humored staff! Great job Rob & Candy!! We'll be regulars :)
2	I sadly give North Mountain a less than enthusiastic review because I had such high expectations.  Unfortunately, while the beer was fairly good, the service needed some serious attention.  We went the day after the grand opening and waited ten minutes for them to figure out where they were going to seat us when they had more than half of their tables available.  Then, it took another fifteen minutes for us to get a server who would take our drink and appetizer order.  By the time we finally got our beers and pretzels, we were so discouraged that we opted to go have dinner elsewhere.  Also, this place isn't nearly as kid friendly as most of the other breweries in town--it's mostly an eclectic adult menu--or if they have a kids menu, nobody told us about it.I would definitely give them another shot, but they need to figure out how to serve their patrons in a more organized fashion.
5	Went for opening night, food took a little while to get there, however it was worth the wait, excellent, beer was good too. The service was excellent. We'll come back again.
3	New place with growing pains.  Owner has a passion for beer, so wish him well.  Tyson the bartender Alzheimer's is worse than my 90 year grandfathers.  Reminded him several times for a pint and he still forgot.  The "James brown" beer is too blah for my taste, below average brown. The stout was great and the ESB is average.   Menu is small which is a plus.
2	We went last weekend for dinner.  We got a table outside right away and they were fairly quick at taking our drink order.  Then we didn't see our waiter for 20+ minutes.  We flagged down another waiter and he re-took our order because the other one forgot what we ordered.  We finally got our drinks and our pretzel order (which was really good).  We ordered a couple Poutines, but they were very sparse on the cheese curds and the gravy was WAY thin.  The vegetarian version of the Poutine didn't have a gravy (they could easily come up with a mushroom gravy...or even buy it from Trader Joes).   The brussels sprouts were good, as was the burger.I will probably give them another chance in a few weeks and hopefully they will have everything figured out by then.  It's really nice having a micro brewery close to the house!
4	Been there several times.   Greeted warmly and seated promptly.  Servers took orders quickly and knew the menu well.   Specials were related and all questions answered.Food served in a timely fashion and it was delicious.   House wine was good and a great value.   My beer snob friends approved of the beer selections and prices.Service seems to be better than most restaurants.   I will be back frequently.
3	North Mountain Brewing is a cool addition to the neighborhood.  It's a little spartan inside, and can be a little loud too.  It's really ideal for a few beers with friends, and a light lunch or snack.  It's a lot like going over to your foodie friends house to hang out.  Try the cake - totally worth it.  Another stand out is the Justin salad.
3	Got talked into going twice to give it a second chance by some beer lovers.  Stayed away from the seafood this time and enjoyed a nice cheeseburger, not super huge but very tasty. Service was better as the place was not busy as before. The beers will still need to improve for the long haul to compete with other brew pubs but the food was a big improvement over this past weekend. Stay away from the seafood and you should be safe.
2	I realize that they've only been open a month but I just couldn't overlook many glaring problems at North Mountain Brewing... First and foremost was the beer selection:  they only had 2 of they're own beers, a Hefeweizen and ESP (both pretty good) and they only had 1 hoppy guest beer.I'd describe the food menu as bizarre, there are more oyster choices than main dishes or appetizers and the main dishes included things like Poutine and Banger.My suggestion is to check out their website before you decide to go.  You'll notice something else bizarre - that there's no mention of beer on it.  And you can see for yourself the odd food choices.One last tip - the lunch menu is much smaller than what's listed on-line.
4	This is a place that is still growing.  I learned a little from the marketing director for NMB; their roots are in home brew.  Like many microbrew start-ups, they are learning how to be a restaurant along with making craft beer.  I believe they will get better at this so I cut them a break when it come to the food/service side.  That being said my server was great - very responsive with quick service.  The beer was off-the-hook fantastic.  This is a family operation so it will be exciting to watch it grow.  I think they have their heart in the right place so if you have any problems, please give them constructive pointers; but if you do, make sure you give a holistic view with not only the misses but the hits.  Candy, I will be back.
4	Ok, I want to give this place 3 stars, but its new, so I grade on a curve.Food... - YOU NEED MORE SANDWICHES/COMFORT FOOD...  try to bring a pulled pork sandwich or a reuben on  your menu...The night we went, around 8pm on a thursday, it was busy, parking was pretty full.   The hostess was friendly, up beat... The atmosphere was cool... though I was blinded by the bright lighting inside the restaurant, which for me, is offputting.  We opted to sit outside, which was nice.    The female server, mid thirtys, very nice, tattoos i think, was a sweetheart... However she didnt mention what they were out of, until after our drink orders were delivered... THEY WERE OUT OF THE BURGER! the only sandwich on the menu... I opted to try the pretzels, and the chicken wings.  My friend got the shepherds pie and the poutine.We gave the POUTINE  5 stars! great dish!pretzel bites - 4 Stars - tasty saucesCHICK WINGS 4 STARS... - very spicy, a tad over cooked,Shephards pie - 3 stars..  not bad.Beer - very tasty 5 Stars...I love oysters, but I don't think of them as going with beer, maybe thats just me... I usually would want a martini or a glass of champagne.Message to the owner : Keep it up! lower the lights! and get a few more sandwiches, you will be rolling in the dough!
5	This is the type of Public house every neighborhood needs. We just stopped in for a beer and a snack. We found an atmosphere that is inviting, open and kind of quirky. A nice selection of beers that include not only their own kettle creations but well thought out Local (Guest) tap offerings.  For my kindred spirits that enjoy a little bread to go with their beer I must recommend the pretzel, they where fantastic with the ESB. We also tried the wings and I will tell you they are not from Buffalo. They are marinated, grilled, tender and the most refreshing flavor I have sampled on chicken in a long time.
2	Let me first say that I REALLY want this place to work. I sincerely hope I am able to give a higher rating next time I go back.First, how in the world does a brewery run out of beer???? This should NEVER happen. The only beers they had available were IPA and Stout, neither of which I like. I realize they are new, but this is like Denny's running out of eggs. When the waitress, Amy (who was very sweet, might I add), realized we were very disappointed that they were out of the Hefe and Pale Ale (amongst others), I think she could have sent the manager/owner over to buy a round - or to simply apologize. I realize they are new, but there is NO way they are going to survive if they run out of beer.My husband ordered the short ribs which he really liked.I had the vegetarian because I love eggplant although I am not a vegetarian. The flavor was really good, but it needed more veggies - peppers, mushrooms, onions. It was a chopped up eggplant sandwich with arugula and sauce. The end.The one-man band was great, and the openness of the space was fantastic. The big downfall of the decor are the BRIGHT lights. They are blinding, so don't look directly into them. Like I said, I really hope I am able to give this place a five star next time I go. I live right down the street so would love a local brewery to bike to! PLEASE, make enough beer for your patrons. After all, you are calling yourself a "brewery". In my opinion, you are not this with three beers to choose from!!
3	Out of beer?  How does a brewery run out of nearly all of its own beers?  Thank goodness they had a few guest taps, but even then they weren't exactly stellar choices (The Grand Canyon one, yuck).  So I, too, anxiously awaited this place opening but I read the bad reviews of the first few weeks.  I thought it best to give them a month or so to work out any issues.  Well, I'm quite surprised at the beer issue and the rather restricted list of menu items.  One key flaw was that you can't order from a brewpub-appropriate appetizer list in the in-between meal times.  I'm there at 2:30 and my only choices were full portion lunch items.  And not only that, I don't think they're offering enough non-seafood items either.  A lot of people just don't like seafood, and a brewery/brewpub is going to draw a very general crowd of hungry patrons (unlike seafood restaurants per se where it is understood in advance they'll probably just have seafood options).Parking was very challenging in the back and it's not exactly a nice part of town.  Service was polite.  Food I did receive was fine, but nothing great.  Prices reasonable.  Last and most important though I didn't think their house beers were very good.  But I'm withholding some judgment on this because I was unable to try most of them.
4	Great time at NM Brewing last nigh.  Service was fast and friendly, owner stopped by to see how we were doing.  Music was a nice touch.Had the Ipacious IPA.  Good local craft beer.  No noticeable aroma, and much darker than any IPA should be, it is a Pale Ale after all?  But a great taste with a bitter bite.  The Pale Ale while again had very little aroma, was still a very good beer.We had the great pretzels.  Everything they were talked up to be!  Also had the wings and the flatbread pizza.  The wings were tasty, but a bit under cooked, although blackened on the outside.  The flatbread also came out a bit over cooked.  The flatbread could serve 2-4 people, much bigger than expected.We be back!  A great addition to the neighborhood.
4	Go try this new place! I The atmosphere is great, and the food is even better.Unfortunately I wasn't able to try their brews... I am a light beer drinker and they were out.  I took it as a sign it was good. I will be back to try it! Menu items were everything from burgers and fish and chips to a vegetable kale salad. They had live music and great service... you won' t be disapointed.
4	Bring back the Dirty Blonde! The ale, that is. That is a delicious beer- light without being watered down or too hoppy.I'm really happy that there's a new brewery in town! I think this place has really got a chance at making it, as they offer so much more than just beer. The food menu is good- they had a grilled cheese and pork belly sandwich on their lunch menu that was so tasty. I like the fact they have a nice little patio to enjoy the good weather, too.From a family standpoint, I wouldn't have any problem bringing my in-laws or friends with small children here. There are PLENTY of high chairs for little ones and even a kid's menu.The only piece of advice I have for the owners is to bring back the Dirty Blonde- that will be a big hit with the ladies come summertime.
1	I was really excited to try this place. It smelled unbelievably good in here like really good barbeque or bacon or something like that. It was all we could do to sit patiently while our table was set up.Unfortunately that is where the visit turned for the worse. Our server seemed like a nice guy but just couldn't get it together. We ordered some beers and it took well over 10 minutes for him to bring our beers and come back for our order. We asked for some recommendations and took him up on the suggestions. He suggested the Justin brussel sprout salad and stated it was his absolute favorite thing on the menu. So I ordered it and it was mediocre at best. My husband ordered the "pho" which he stated was great...it was literally ramen straight out the package with an egg and a couple veggies. My son ordered the kid's burger. It was like a burnt meatball on a dry bun with no toppings whatsoever. My friend ordered the kale salad which she picked at then turned her nose up at. My other friend ordered the fish and chips but would have been better off "trusting the Gordon's fisherman". All the poor food aside, the server then left us alone without checking on us throughout our meal. When we finished we asked the guy bussing our table to send him back over so we could order another beer. Our server took our order then hung out with the other servers at the bar/register area for 15 minutes. Eventually we decided to ditch this place to find another that would actually bring us our beers. So I walked up to the register and asked him for our checks and told him to make sure he didnt charge us for the beers he never brought us. He brought us our checks a couple minutes later and mumbled "sorry about that".... We won't be back.Edited 04/30/13 at 20:10: To address owner Candy's response below. I am not surprised to see that your professionalism suits your establishment. My review was as honest as I could possibly state it. Your "pho" sucked and it was definitely ramen. I cannot tell you how the kale salad tasted because I did not try it, just stating what I observed of it. As for the back-handed insult stating "I am a mother of 3 kids- if I see a burnt meetball (sic) I would certainly not feed to my children- but I am so surprised you let your son eat it." At no point did I state I allowed my kid to eat it. In fact we stopped after we left your restaurant to get him a different dinner. All the food aside, we most likely would have overlooked the crappy food if the service was better and I would have provided more stars here. I am not sure what you intend by inviting me to "call you to contact me with your honesty". Do you want me to call you at this restaurant? You can email me directly with the best contact info if that is your intention.
3	I'll start with the pros:The restaurant was immaculately clean as well as the restrooms.  And has a great ambiance. Everything seems pretty mediocre. They had 4 of their own beers plus one guest tap. Their beers were nothing special. The pale ale, Patrick star and ipa were all very similar. The stout seems more like a porter in my opinion (I love both styles so I did enjoy it). The menu is a miss match of a worldly items and doesn't have any real flow to it. The food was fresh and well presented. The fries that come with the fish and chips are different fries that come with the poutine and were both disappointing. The fish was great as well as the small portion of short ribs on the poutine. Everyone I was with complained about the portion for the price. But fresh ingredients are more expensive than a bunch of frozen crap. So I didn't mind the prices, I actually thought they weren't bad. The cons:Service. The service was horrible. Since we were nearly the only ones there we got our food quickly and our first round of beers came out quickly, although my wife was never asked what she wanted to drink so she never got anything. We were never offered another round of drinks, only dessert. Our server never came back to check on us either and we didn't see her for some time. When we left there was a group of about 6 or 7 employees all smoking in the back parking lot at their smoking area. Guess smoking is a higher priority than a paying customer.
4	The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because now I have a reason to go back!  I don't quite know how to describe this place.  A treasure a midst the Dunlap traffic, a jewel in Sunnyslope.  My guess is they hope to capture the John C Lincoln Hospital crowd but even if they don't, they have captured me.  This is not your ordinary bar food.  Our waiter, Anthony, was helpful and attentive and described everything since they do their own beer (I loved the Pale Ale).  Happy hour food was oysters (not my thing) but Anthony said they are working to enhance it.  Burgers with fried egg (my fav), pretzel rolls with dipping sauces, Shreiner sausage plate.  We split a flatbread pizza and a side order of roasted brussel sprouts.  But the kicker is the Vanilla malt...made from the fermented sugar they use to make the beer.  OMG.  I have been looking for an affordable neighborhood place to relax, eat REALLY good food, nice ambiance...I think I may have just found it.
3	Already lowered my raing...hopefully a fluke on a bad day...but brought two friends to the place I'd been raving about and all they kept saying is "I hope you put this on Yelp".  We opted to sit outside altho it was a hot Phoenix day and I think that may have thrown the staff out as it was like pulling teeth trying to get water, napkins, etc.  It was Happy Hour when we got there, but a good server would of let us know when it was close to ending so we could replenish with another drink so when the bill came and we saw the difference in price of our beers, we were a tad put off.  One diner ordered a flatbread pizza, the other a burger.  We think our server decided to hold off serving the burger till the pizza was ready as the burger and fries were cold.  They did replace it but no attempt to adjust the bill or add a dessert or drink.  Just an 'I'm sorry" which I suppose is better than nothing.  I am willing to give it one more try to see if we just hit it on an off day.  I hope so.  Food is tasty and my friend who enjoys a good craft beer absolutely LOVED her choice.  She called it fruit salad beer.  We'll see.
4	Wow, there's quite a few reviews here that are highly critical of a place that's barely been open for two months! Heck, when I started my new job, I didn't know what I was doing for at least 3 months...Anyway, let's give some credit to the folks who decided to open a microbrew / gastropub down in the Slope during this sh*t recession! That being said, we rolled in on a Thursday night on a friend's recommendation and they earned two new customers. I had the beer flight to sample the menu, and LOVED three of them, liked three of them, and was appreciative of the other two.The crab dip was made with actual crab - not the Krab, cream cheese and mayo that my Midwestern friends seem to think is the gold standard. It's a must-have.Any eatery that has the moral turpitude to support and serve local AZ farmers and butchers' products get a tip of the cap from me. We had the sausage plate, and although I can probably get the sausages from a variety of places, the cooking and presentation was spot on. That, and the mashed potatoes rivaled that of me dear old mum's in terms of pure deliciousness.I want to go back on a packed Friday or Saturday to see if we get the same level of service (fantastic, by the way,) and to sample the rest of the menu.The point is, Yelpers, you screwed me by not supporting my favorite local Thai place (Sa Bai Dee) and they went under. Don't break my heart again by flaming this place before they even have a chance to sort out the kinks. Keep going, bring your friends, and support your neighbors that had the gusto to open a proper gastropub. Yes, good help is hard to find; yes, they need to find their voice when it comes to the beer menu, and YES we need to team up and help a beer loving locavore put a checkmark in the "win" column.
4	I like the beer, which is all that is necessary for me.
4	Great new little brewery on the Northernmost border of the area I'd call North Central.  Great food, good beer, community drinking hall style tables and Oyster menu.  I repeat.  Oyster menu.  How many places in Phoenix can you escape to for mid day  Beer Oysters and Soccer?  Really hope more people decide to give this place a chance-
4	Love the atmosphere. It reminds me of the little gasthauses I always seemed to hang out in Germany. The staff is friendly and I love the beer. They are still working some of the kinks out, but nothing major and I'm sure that with a few more months under their belts it will be a smooth operation. The food is very tasty, but I can't recommend eating here - it is just too expensive.  So to wrap it up, fun, open, inviting place to hang out at and the tables are huge, so invite your friends or better yet make some new friends. Once the food prices/portion sizes are adjusted this could be the go to place. I really hope NMB can make a go of it, the Sunnyslope neighborhood could really use a few more fun spots like this.
4	Well, the hubby and I were up in North Phoenix a couple weekends ago and I just had to stop in and check out North Mountain Brewing Co. I had bookmarked them after stopping by their booth at the Strong Beer Festival in February but they are pretty far from where we live so I hadn't gotten around to paying them a visit even though I have seen some pretty good reviews from fellow Yelpers. Unfortunately we had just had a huge meal so we did not sample any of the food but I did try all four beers that they had on tap that day. Their production facility is pretty small so they don't make a whole lot but the nice thing is they do also keep some other local brews on tap so you are sure to find something you would like to drink.I tried the four that they make themselves. First off was their Funk 49 wheat ale, similar to a Hefeweizen but with a bit more flavor. It was a nice light beer, perfect for summer, and had a pleasant mild taste with a crisp citrus aftertaste. Hubby ordered one of those put an orange in it, as he is wont to do. Next we tried the CREEM Ale. This one was a bit lighter than I was expecting but surprisingly enough I really liked it and ended up ordering a pint. I can't remember how they categorized it but to me it was like a very mild red ale but with some really strong caramel undertones. We also tried their pale ale which as expected was a bit too hoppy for me and their Nonpartisan lager which also as expected was too tasteless (nothing against NMB, I just don't care for pale ales or lagers). I look forward to trying their stout some day since that one sounds great!We had a great time chatting with the friendly bartender. Everyone working there seemed really nice and they greeted most folks by name as they entered (it was the middle of the day so they were not busy). Even though the interior looks brand spanking new and everything was pretty shiny and modern, it still had a homey feel to it since the space was small and very open. Also, the smells coming from the kitchen were mouth watering and their menu looks fantastic. I love the fact that they have some traditional pub food but then throw in some unexpected twists. They even had some Vietnamese items on there. Apparently they just lost their chef so they may be reworking the menu soon, though. And it sounds like their beers change all the time. Next time we are in this neck of the woods we will definitely be back.
4	Live music, good beer, progressive food...
4	Great place, great food, Great Ambiance. Now for the bad part. The service is kinda clunky. I hope they fix/make it more seamless. For example - it shouldnt take 30+++ minutes for me to get 2 oysters,  they are in the fridge, go back there and get them, no need to have the chef get them??  This is not rocket science, you are getting a bowl, filling it with ice, cracking open the oysters, sticking them in the bowl, with a few condiments. Same for the soft pretzel that took 45 minutes...seriously people, the waitress or "cook" could be doing some of this while the sous chef make the main meals...to put this into perspective when we go there they had 15 people there max, but it took 45 minutes for pretzels.....over an hour for the meal, 30++ minutes for TWO oysters???  This is a great little neighborhood brewery and I am excited that it is here in sunny slope but work out those kinks people!
4	We decided to give them one more chance.  And I am SO glad we did.  First of all, I commend the owner, Candy, for responding to my previous Yelp and coming to talk to us tonight at dinner.  She is a warm, friendly, lovely lady and I am so glad to have met her.  Our server, Amy, was great...even before she knew we had put something negative on Yelp.  The last time must have been an off time.  Like my first time, it was awesome.  The menu is so eclectic, with a Phillipine flavor.  Their homemade brews...tasty and refreshing...and each one compliments the food on the menu.  Canadian, French, English, Phillipine, Chicago Dogs, Kobe burgers, vegeteratian pizzas, something for everyone.  And the vanilla malts...made from the malt used in their beers.  OMG.   This is definitely a family run, work of art, place that needs to be supported.  You have won me back!
5	This place is a great addition to Sunny Slope. Stopped in for the first time last week with coworkers from out of town. The Beer and food was great. Had a small mistake with splitting the charges over different credit cards. The staff and owner bent over backwards to correct the mistakes. North Mountain Brewing Co is now number 2 for me in the Sunny Slope area. (Sorry but Corbins is still my favorite).
4	Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon and the live music was a bonus!  The Funk 49 beer was light and delicious!The food.... YUM on absolutely EVERYTHING we ordered!!!   Lumpia... Basically an egg roll with spicy peanut sauce.  Delicious !!!Crab dip... Again,  yummy!!!Loaded Mac and cheese..  OMG !!!!!But the dessert......" Piece of cake".... SAVE ROOM!  It was fantastic!This will become a new favorite place!
4	I love their spin on poutine! Decently priced, good atmosphere, good stuff!
4	The beer was great, almost on par with four peaks, the service was great also. It looses one star on the food. The "eggplant flatbread" was a cheese pizza with some giant slices of egg plant on it, and the oysters seemed small.  The other dishes we ordered (fish and chips, shepards pie, and bai min) where all pretty good. Id definatley go back.
1	This place is horrible. The service is so bad and the beer is inconsistent, at least they had some this time. The food was great but I don't know why it took over an hour to get it. Long story short I will not be returning to this place. Whoever owns this establishment should look for a new line of work.
5	Stopped by when I was in the area with my family because I remembered a friend mentioning the brewery. The staff was very friendly and the food was GREAT! I am a beer lover and I got to say one of the best local breweries in Phoenix.
3	Went to soft opening and had a blast, and couldn't wait to go back!  Went back a month or so later and took a great friend with me. The beer was VERY good (and the ONLY reason this is 3 stars) but the food was worse! Burger came back WAY over cooked and the size of a sausage patty at $14??? Told the waitress about it and she seemed to be oblivious that I wasn't happy and never brought me another burger, so the manager took care of me. Won't be going for the food, and the service was a joke. Stinks, really good beer, so maybe I will go back, but just for the beer. : P
4	Visited the place for the first time last night; I was with a huge group that packed the place. The staff, I'd say, handled us very well; got my drinks pronto :) This must be a family owned place; a few of the waitresses looked very much alike; perhaps twins? They have a board with all the current beer selections; I think it had 8-12 on it during our visit. The hostess at the front door was polite and directed us towards our group and I was surprised that they had a good amount of parking spaces out back too. They have a small stage for a band to play, one was playing when we got there (unfortunately, I couldn't hear them because our large group was a bit loud), the band was very cool about it. They played some pretty mello tunes.They have some nice house wines too that were affordable if beer isn't your thing. They have a few other wines on the menu as well. Happy hour only included discounted drinks as far as I could tell. I didn't have any food, but the guy sitting next to me ordered THE MOST cheesy shepards pie I'd ever seen... it looked delicious, but I had already had dinner. I asked him about it and he said it's his go-to meal there. I will def. be back for dinner soon.
2	We went a few weeks ago. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't stellar. The Banh Mi I ordered was pretty bland, and the burger is overpriced. I had to order the banh mi like 3 times and point to it on the menu because the server said he didn't know what it was. Once he read the decription, he said "oh yeah - that's new but its my favorite thing on the menu." Wait, what?We ordered a beer flight, and they don't have any of those cool trays that hold the glasses, or even printed placemats that describe each beer, yet. Maybe if they ever firm up the beer selection they will. The flight wasn't bad - but it had a couple of guest brews in substituting for their brews that they were out of.Since this is the closest brewpub to our house, I had growlers with me. I didn't even walk out to the car to get one. I was hoping for a nice rich porter to fill them with - and they didn't have any that day.Their saving grace was the Abita Purple Haze on tap. I like Abita beers, but out of all the beers in the flight we tried...I went with the Abita. That's not how it should work at a brewery, unless your guest beer is something like a Pliny or a Stone rarity.
4	We visited here on a Saturday night. Tried the beer flight and liked half of them. The hefe was especially good. Also really enjoyed the sangria. Ordered the ploughman's platter appetizer - not worth the money, except for the bacon jelly. Yum!  Husband loved the fries that came with the steak sandwich. I had the Brussels sprouts salad-awesome flavors.   Splurged and had the pazuky for dessert - unexpected textures that really worked.  The live music was an added bonus. We will be back !
4	Went Thursday night for a fund-raiser with a group from work. Fun place. I liked the beer. I had the 8 glass sampler; a placemat would have been nice since I had no clue what each one was; but it was fun to try them all! We had a BBQ Chicken pizza. Not bad. The service was a tad slow, but I think they are still working out the kink; however, everyone was very friendly. I especially liked the tour of the brewery, the live music and the cool seating style. I think the Patio will be nice to enjoy once the temps are cooler. I'll be back...Looks like a great place for Sunday Funday.
5	Went there on a Wednesday night, about happy hour time, but did have dinner.  Place was fairly busy for a Wednesday during June.  They had live music which made it kind of fun.I am a fan of local craft beer, and this place ranks right up there with the best.  As with any small brewer, the selection can depend on what they have recently made.  Had the amber and the stout, and both were excellent.  The food is typically pub food, and is very good (the kids liked the pretzels so much, we had to order more), but had some interesting twists (the poutine, for example, which was very good).And the service was very good.  Our waiter was busy with other tables, but was attentive to our needs.  Overall, glad this place is around, and suggest to anyone that like local brew pubs to venture over there.
4	Brought another friend to share in this family run place.  She loved it as much as I do.  A great array of brews...I am partial to the lager.  She loved the fruity pomegranate brew.  We split a yummy, tangy kale salad, an order of pretzel bread, a bbq chicken flatbread and my favorite, Lumpia, a Phillipine type egg roll.  There was a band playing on stage...a group of OLD guys who really did a great Grateful Dead set...not too loud, just right.  Its a nice, comfy, family run, neighborhood place...you should try it.
4	Went to NMB and had to look hard for the entrance but put that aside I really enjoyed their flight of beers especially the lighter ones. Tasty! I had the crab dip, pretzels, and fish 'n chips. Hint of spice in the fish batter! Yummy! Staff friendly. Clean tables and room. I felt very comfortable and was satisfied when I left!
1	Walked in to North Mountain one night to watch an NBA finals game sat down in the brewery and waited for a person to help me. I waited 20 min. with no one walking up to me, kinda rude in my opinion. Must have been 3-4 people just sitting at the bar talking. Finally a waitress came up to me and said "Can I help you." I then said "Sure" Then she proceeded to ask me to move some where else because there was a wine tasting that night. WOW, I looked around the bar and there was no where to sit all the seats at the bar were taken and the tables were all filled up to . WOW WOW WOW !! One question, I know there was a party room that was empty why would you not have the tasting in the room instead of right on the floor where customers come in to eat and use as there tables. There was no body at the wine tasting, but she still managed to alienate the customers. I proceeded to get up and walk out of North Mountain Brewery. Good Job! North Mountain Brewery. You've lost a customer, and anybody else I know
4	North Mountain has definitely hit its stride--vibe is good, live music some nights and the food just keeps getting better.  Had the poutine  recently--it was great and the fries were crispy.  Beer continues to be great for people with all tastes and level of beer knowledge.
5	I had been eagerly anticipating the opening of a brewhouse in my neighborhood! I wasn't able to visit them, as my job keeps me away a lot.Yesterday, I finally had the opportunity, and I'm so very glad I went.Amy was a fantastic server! Friendly, attentive, efficient.Ordered the seven flight.Started with the IPA. Not too hoppy, which is the biggest reason I'm not a fan of IPAs. Good balance.Brown: Nice rich flavor, no strong aftertastePorter: A bit more dark and bitter than I prefer, but still tastyBelgian: Delicious, smooth, distinctly Belgian. Very much enjoyed this.Blonde: Eh, mostly men on this one. Not bad, just not really notable. Good basic beer for non beer lovers.Funk: has a very strong Weiss impression, like a shandy. Very refreshing, with definite citrus, and wheat impressions. Most liked beer so far!Hefeweizen: It's a hefe. An excellent hefe, to be sure, but I'm still impressed with the funk. This would be my winter beer, while the funk is my summerHad the crab dip. VERY creamy, nice blackened top, very rich, delicious.Ordered the steak sandwich, with both pepperjack, and bleu cheese. MESSY. Spicy, in a great way. The roll it's served on gets a bit too soggy, but is otherwise a great sandwich roll.Served with a metric tonne of fries!I was given a sample of their bacon jam, and let me tell you, it's fantastic!The live music was pleasant as well.Candy, one of the owners, came out after my meal, and spoke to me for a bit about the business, and the challenges they faced getting approval, and also about the deplorable state of pay for cooks in Arizona.Candy graciously discounted my bill, which will never elicit a complaint from me!
5	It is finally great to have a good microbrew and gastropub in north phoenix! We have been here a few times. The beer and food keep getting better. I highly recommend the belagian ale, mighty tasty. We will keep coming back.
4	So went back here again last night and ordered the Mac & Cheese; it was gooey with nice flavors. Many of my friends ordered food as well and all seems to enjoy their meals. I got to snack on some of my friends thin crispy fries that were yummy too. May have to make this a regular place :)
2	Great atmosphere & great beer but it took 45 minutes to get our food. When I walked in I was immediately impressed. Crowded restaurant on a Friday night, a great sign. There was a guitarist playing & the place was buzzing. The waitress recommended getting the beer sampler & I wasn't disappointed. The Dirty Blonde Ale & the Heffeweisen in particular were fantastic. When my friend arrived we ordered food & begin to chit chat & have a good time. After about a half hour we began to wonder where our food was. When the waitress started to avoid us we knew something was wrong. Finally after 45 minutes our food arrived.  My burger was decent but a little dry; it certainly wasn't the medium rare that I had ordered & it was definitely not worth the wait but after 45 minutes and some beer sampler I really needed some food. The waitress said they were unexpectedly busy. I may give them another chance just to see if she was right or if they've worked out their kitchen issues....& to try the beer again.
4	Had heard about this place from a few friends. Decided to give it a try. Overall, our experience was very good.Started out with a couple of beers. We opted for, sorry can't remember the name, a fruit flavored summer brew. LIght, but refreshing. For dinner we split the fish and chips and an eggplant pizza. I think the fish and chips were better than the pizza, but both were good.Overall, I was surprised at how nice the place is. Seems like this area needed a good place.
4	Ok, I've been here a number of times and I admit there's always room to improve on elements of service and food.  But  two things non withstanding is the service, beer, and the attempt to be good at food.   This will be my 6th visit, and I'm pleased that the servers are friendly, helpful, nice and above all enthusiastic to be at North Mountain.  I'm always thrilled that I was chosen to be a guinea pig for a potentially new item to go on the menu.  You can't go wrong on the food, the excellent service.
5	I've been three times now, and they have not lost steam.Last night I enjoyed several glasses of the Lips of Faith Pluot (I had a designated driver), and I got to sample a new brew, but the name escapes me.Our server, Nya (pronounced knee uh) was excellent, and very attendant.We ordered the crab dip, the lumpia, and the BBQ sticks.Nya brought some pretzel bread, and explained that the first lumpia order had been burned, so this should tide us over. It was very nice, and the honey butter was delicious!The BBQ sticks were amazing; tender, flavorful, delicious!The lumpia was also great, but the sauce it's served with was fantastic!This is definitely a great establishment, and Candy is a wonderful person, unafraid to come out and speak with her customers.I will absolutely be returning.
4	Nice to have a new brewery in the neighborhood. I will give them a break, they have not been open long. The food was average to good. Staff seemed a bit disorganized, service was average. i will go back, wanna see if they iron out some of the mdeocrity. This place has great potential and I hope it helps to revitalize the neighborhood around it.
4	The micro brew beers are fantastic, but the food is surprisingly amazing as well. Many spots that make their own beer focus primarily on a great brew, but these guys could stand alone on the food. The chicken sandwich is "out of this world" delicious. It is lightly breaded with a thin coat of some wonderful spread called bacon jam. The name sounds funny but that stuff is the perfect compliment to the chicken. It is impressive to discover a restaurant that can produce food and drink in the same manner that Chopin produced music.The arrangement of the tables could use an overhaul. Group seating and 6 tops are not the way that most patrons want to dine.The food quality does over shadow the funny seating configuration. Tables can be changed.
5	Wow.  I mean, the beer is amazing, but I'm still swooning over the brussel sprouts.  Holy crap.  This place has a phenomenal kitchen.  The staff here is amazing as well.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  Seriously.  Do it.  Oh my god.  The brussel sprouts.
4	Cool, new brewery in North Phoenix.  Pretty simple decor, lively atmosphere with live music, pretty good brew and friendly bartenders.  Nice addition to the neighborhood!
4	Wow!  Crazy good and strong beers!  Delightful foods as well.  Staff was friendly, fairly attentive, and helpful in making our choices on the beer.  I usually drink IPA's, but they have some strong beers at this place!  Kind of hard to identify the place off the street, all the parking is in the back.  The staff responded a little slow but otherwise a fine establishment to grab an excellent craft beer and relax for awhile.  Definitely looking forward to visiting again on the next trip to the area.
5	Took my mother, and my daughters to dinner @NMTBrew tonight.Once again had the lovely Nya as our server.Had an order of Lumpia, which my mother, and my daughters enjoyed very much, including the peanut sauce.I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. The mashed potato topping was delicious, and the carrots were perfectly tender. The meat was well seasoned, and very tender, and delicious. The portion size appeared to be on the smallish side, however, once I dug in, it became clear this would be a perfect amount of food.My oldest daughter had the "Poppin' Chicken", chicken tenders, with a lovely light breading. The meat was tender, and not the least bit dry, which is very typical in fried chicken tenders.My younger daughter had the "Cheesy Surprise", a sinfully cheesy macaroni dish.My mother had the Grilled Sausage Platter. She claimed it was delicious, but I was not privileged enough to have sampled. :'(My daughters each received a scoop of ice cream, for having completed the riddles on their menu. (And because they're adorable)The musical talents of LuAnn and friends were a very pleasant addition to the evening, and the weather was gorgeous enough to sit on the patio. (My first patio experience)I will be back, again, and again, and again....P.S. I also refilled two growlers tonight; one Hoodoo Hefe, which I've not yet tried, and one Kaiserlich Dunkleweiss, which I thoroughly enjoyed the last time.
5	I went back to @NMTBrew tonight, because it's really that amazing.Amy was our server. She quickly informed us that the guest brew, the Pumpkin Porter, was out, and that they had just that hour tapped the Mountain Stout.I sampled it, as well as their Mild Child, a "succulent blonde".The blonde was nice, but it's beginner beer.The Stout, however, definitely for refined palettes.Just had some crab dip for dinner.Was very pleasantly surprised to have a visit from owner/brewmaster Rob, who came to discuss the Stout.We discussed many different things, and I congratulated him on he, and Candy's success with their venture.Sitting on the patio was initially a bit warm, but by the time we left, it was a nice night.Can't get enough of this place!
1	Gave this spot a second chance after visiting right after their grand opening.  Sat at the bar and found it was dirty, very average food and the waitress acted like she was doing us a huge favor.  Try harder people!  We need better restaurants in north Phoenix.  Lots of opportunities to improve.
4	The food here is amazing; I love the innovation in the menu items.  However, we were there with a party of 10 and we were not served at the same time.  I think the problem is everyone was on a separate ticket and the kitchen staff had no way of knowing we were all together.  There were 6 pizzas, 1 burger, fish and chips and 2 salads.  The chicken Caesar came out first but my Brussels sprouts salad with chicken was the last entree served.
4	Just found out that NMB changed the formula for the Dirty Blonde and the name as well! So sad. Still, the Kaiserlich Dunkle Weiss, Cardin Ale Red, and Mild Child are thoroughly enjoyable. And of course, the food is always good. I still love the grilled cheese and am always happy with the appetizers- especially the crab dip.An Oktoberfest beer is coming- a perfect alternative to the pumpkin mania taking over. ;)
4	I like almost everything about NMBC.  I have been in maybe a couple dozen times, and have tasted just about every brew so far.  Many varieties are a little hoppy for my taste, but I really have enjoyed the hefes, the N'erotic Belgian, and others.  The food is also very good, with the grilled cheese, brussel-sprout salad, burgers and crab dip being my favorites.  As for the service, each time I have been there it has been excellent, with a friendly staff whether sitting at bar or table.  A fun and casual atmosphere, and a great addition to the Sunnyslope area, is NMBC.I said I like almost everything:  I really liked sitting at the bar a lot more before the TVs were installed.  Now there is no place to sit without that distraction except the patio, and it's not quite cool enough during the day yet.  Do you really need that many TVs in one room?   Also, it's great to have live music, but the lack of a sound system is a major drag.  Finally, I appreciate the notifications about the radio broadcasts - so I can plan my visits to avoid them. I really like the brews, the food and the service, and I've met a number of nice folks at the bar.  The "entertainment" I can do without.  I will continue to enjoy the beers and the food - just have to come in earlier in the day.
5	Awesome little place with good microbrews and really good food.  I had the steak sandwich the first time and it was like a Philly cheesesteak sandwich.  They use blue cheese on the sandwich which tasted really good.  The 2nd time I had the Poutine which is a very unique dish.  I guess it is a Canadian dish but I never had it before.  It was really good and it only cost $12.  It is french fries topped with short rib, cheese curds, and gravy.  It is a really hearty dish and you get a lot for the money.  I really think they could charge a lot more for this dish.  The short ribs melt in your mouth!  They had some live acoustic music on Friday which was nice and they played some good classic rock songs.  This won't be the last time I go here, I really like this place.
5	Good service and food. The food is high-end for a brew pub, definitely not the same frozen stuff you find everywhere. That makes the prices a little high, but not crazy.
5	This place is delicious and fun. I had a Kaiserlich: Dunkle Weiss. Brewed right here and full of complex delicious flavors. Also enjoyed their wings. Spicy and big. I should have asked for ranch not a fan of blue cheese, but the wings were great.Service was on. Always there and great suggestions. The place is all dressed up for the month in proper Oktobest style.
5	Wonderful wings, loved the Shepherd's Pie and Fish and Chips ($12.00). The IPA and Red Ale was very good. I love the atmosphere and live music, not another junky sports bar. Parking is safe and plentiful around back, definitely a real add to North Phoenix Area. The place keeps getting better and open Mic on Tuesdays. Beautiful patio, a little street noise, love the open garage style doors to let in the great fall weather. Well worth a visit.
5	Great place with awesome food and beer. The staff is friendly and really knowledgable.. Such a great find!
4	A little pricey.I got this one dish wish is canadian. I forget its name, but it was fries with sauce and cheese melted all up on it. (in short) with some other fixings too.It was good, a little pricey (like i said earlier). The beers though...i know that is what we all care about. They are pretty good. It is nice to have a brewery in this location, and they are doing well. I definitely would recommend getting their flight to try out the beers. figure out which you like the best. Their darker beers are good. from the browns to the porters. Wasnt a big fan of their pilsner and other light beers.
3	Good food, good beer, be patient ,be prepared to wait, good live music makes the wait tolerable.
4	I drove out of my way to try this place. I had a sampler of all of their beers and I enjoyed the IPA and red ale, but overall was not thoroughly impressed by the beers. I love stouts and didn't care much for theirs. I was surprised that their blonde ale was decent since I don't usually care for lighter ales, but it had a coffee taste to it somehow.The food was much better. I tried the cheese and meat plate which was very good. The lumpia was ok but the peanut sauce that came with it was to die for. Then I had the brussel sprouts as well as the cauliflower. Let me tell you. I love cauliflower and theirs was pretty good. I have not had brussel sprouts since I was about 8 and didn't much care for them then, but it was the description and the fact that they were on the menu that was intriguing, plus the fact that my server highly suggested them. They were soooooo amazing!!! I'm not even a huge veggie lover but I cannot convey to you how delicious these brussel sprouts were. Get them! I will go all the way back just for those, and probably have the IPA.
1	This is my 3rd time here. The first visit was on a Sunday afternoon.  The brews were delish and the food was nothing special (ploughmans platter and sampler).  The second visit was after work on a Friday and the service, food (north mountain burger), and beer (Belgian) were great. 5 stars for that night. Tonight, however is a completely different story. My brother in law chose North Mtn for his birthday dinner destination, as he normally has a good experience here. We waited NINETY MINUTES (plus!) for our food. My 'Caesar' salad was literally a plate of lettuce. No croutons (the menu description had croutons listed as an ingredient),  and no Parmesan Romano blend cheese, just a plate of limp romaine with a breast of grilled chicken. We dined with a party of 12, and everyone's entree came out 10 mins apart. When bringing this to the manager's attention, she replied "I'll be right back" and never came back to check that these problems had been corrected. We asked the waiter for some bread (at this point it was 8 pm and out entire group was extremely hungry), and he brought out fried pieces of pita. No butter. No bread. Not even a soft pretzel ( one of the menu items).  All of our water glasses were empty as well. What a waste of time and money! Still waiting for the check too!  We asked for it THIRTY mins ago...
3	Here I go again, reviewing a brewery when I don't drink beer.  But for the grub, a solid 3 stars.  Or a weak 4 if you're the glass is always half full type. I enjoyed my first visit, mostly because of some great company.  We shared appetizers.  Up first...pretzel bread.  How can you go wrong with that?  By not making cheese sauce a standard accompaniment.  You can add for a buck, so we made it clear we wanted a lot of it.  A vat of it, the more the better.  We received a thimbleful of cheese, for three women who love cheese.  That would be like serving us a shot of wine.  We also had the mussels and poutine.  The mussels were yummy and bathed in a white wine butter sauce.  Wine and butter together.  Who could ask for more?  The poutine was good, but needed more short rib and more cheese curds.  Now we're back on the cheese thing.  We finished with the North Mountain malt and a piece of cake.  Loved them both.  Would order either again.  Maybe because they don't require cheese.First impression didn't make me a huge fan, but I would go back if in the area again.  They have a great menu!
4	A gastro pub is still a pub, sandwiches, pizza and fired food. Maybe there is a bit of flair to make it "gastro" however the end result is the same.Come for the brewing part and order food when you get hungry. The Fish and chips were decent but nothing to come here for. The Thai pizza had a odd sweet sauce but the hot spices redeemed it.As for the beer my porter was quite good.
3	This was one of the few breweries we had not yet gone to in the Phoenix metro area. The interior was decent, although I didn't need to see the entire kitchen area, which was directly behind the bar. Otherwise, the decor was cute, and I liked that there was outdoor seating for those sunny days. As far as the beer, we were not impressed. It isn't bad, but nothing stood out and had that rich or unique flavor we're used to from all of the other places across the valley. If you're an IPA fan, I suggest looking elsewhere. A flight of all 8 beers cost $14, a bit steep in my opinion. Overall, an okay place to stop if you're in the area, but not really worth going out of your way for.
4	This is waaaay out of the way compared to all the other cool Central Phoenix hotspots, but well worth it. Having finally decided to visit what is comparatively middle-of-nowhere, I have no regrets! Upon entering, the lavish Christmas decorations caught me off guard, and it was so fancy I thought I might be a bit too casual. I took a few steps forward, and realized this place is casual...and rad! With the benches in the dining area, the stacks of crates in an open kitchen, and the unpolished, paper menus, this place was reminiscent of a high school cafeteria. That is, If my high school served beer. The brews were clearly unique. Brown IPA? Strong, bitter blonde ale? In the age of craft beer that tries to make a name for itself, North Mountain is attempting to corner each and every niche ignored by big names like San Tan and Four Peaks. Will it work? Only time will tell. The menu is pretty eclectic, but I tried a miniature pizza because I'm not as adventurous with food as I am with alcohol. Did not disappoint. All of my beers kicked my ass, especially the Belgian Trippel, which save for a haunting, slightly sour note, tasted very authentic (Trust me, I've been to Belgium). So in the end, North Mountain seeks to do everything that no one else will, and for very good prices. Service was excellent, and it was a pleasure meeting the owner as well as his niece who served us. I wish nothing but success for this up-and-coming business. If they can start looking as professional as other breweries, and offer more than a handful of beers at a time, they'll totally get my elusive fifth star!
3	My visit to North Mountain Brewing Co. was good - A-OK is the perfect description.Our group of 3 enjoyed sharing a variety of items in between the marathon of talking and laughing:Pretzel Bread - In my world, all pretzel bread needs to be served with cheese.  As much cheese as possible.  I get it, not everyone loves cheese as much as I do, but to charge an additional $1 for the smallest ramekin of cheese ever is kind of disappointing.  Poutine - My first time ever having poutine, so I don't have a basis of comparison.  It did seem to have way more gravy than short rib meat and cheese.  More cheese, please!!Mussels - Favorite thing we tried - a nice portion, with sourdough bread to dip in the savory white wine butter sauce.Piece of Cake - Cute little dessert, topped with vanilla bean ice cream.North Mountain Malt - I could have happily taken this all for myself, but was practicing my 'polite' skills.I would definitely go back, but would smuggle in my own cheese (ssssshhh!!). :)
5	Love this place! They have good beer especially the Nerotic belgian and the bearded dragon IPA. $5 taco special is the bomb!. Fish and chips are done just right! Jessica is an awesome bartender and can pour a beer like no other! Even though its in Sunnyslope its awesome and has a cool little patio!
5	One of my favorite spots in Central Phoenix! They have an ever-changing beer menu and with each change, the beer is getting better and more interesting! I came in for a good local beer and was surprised by the food choices and the quality of the food. This brewery has hit the mark for overall places to visit; great beer, food, and atmosphere! I will be back, and have been back several times.
5	Great experience! It's open and inviting, and the staff was very friendly. The poutin was very good and way more food than one person can eat (in my opinion). The piece if cake was AMAZING! We also got to try the malt- again really, really good. Desserts are an afterthought at some restaurants, but not here. Beer was more of a 3.5 stars, but it was satisfying. I would say only downside is no full bar and no other beers besides theirs.
2	Meat pizza was very good.  Not a single one of their regular offering beers is above average yet.  Their pazookie ("spent grain cookie") is delicious, but for $8 should be much bigger.  It's about a third of the size of Oregano's pazookie.  Can't wait for the beer to catch up to the food quality.  I've been their twice, and both times the server was refreshingly honest about which beers they thought were subpar.
3	The beer selection is good.  Service was great. Steak sandwich-terrible. And per waitresses recommendation it was better than the burger. Soooo, not sure what the burger would taste like. The crab dip was pretty good, real blue cheesy, no taste of crab though.
2	Beers r just okay for a micro brewery and prices r on high side.  Service was good and friendly staff.  Great potential but just not there yet.
4	The Beers are excellent!  The food and service was good.  The neighborhood looked a bit sketchy but the parking lot and pub was nice.  All around very good
3	This is more of a 3.5 for me at this point, but could bump it up in the future. I've been coming here on Tuesday nights which is open mic night. The service is friendly and there are a surprising number of people there for a Tuesday night. Kind of an older crowd. Most of the bands play classic rock, which I can get into. So the open mic night is fun and adds to the atmosphere so that is more of the 4-star-I'm-a-fan category, and I'd like to see what the place is like on the weekend too, so I'll be back. And it's a unique bar and hangout for the neighborhood so it gets points there.The beer and food is more in the 3-star-A-OK category. I've tried a few different beers and all were pretty good but nothing to write home about. Their beers can't compete with the other more established local breweries like Four Peaks or San Tan, at least not yet. North Mountain seems to rotate out their beers so I could see them eventually brewing up a beer that become their signature just like Kiltlifter is for Four Peaks. I only got food this last time I was there. I had a grilled chicken sandwich. As my friends even pointed out, the chicken breast on my sandwich was quite small. The chipotle mayo didn't have much of a kick, and I could have done without the bacon jam. I had overlooked the jam when I ordered the sandwich so next time I'll know to ask them to hold that, but I don't really get that condiment when you already have chipotle mayo. And if you want bacon, then you can just order actual bacon and not bacon in jam form, amirght? All that aside it really wasn't a bad grilled chix, and I will add that my friend liked her french onion soup very much.
5	We love it here! This was our second visit! The staff is friendly and the food and suds are super. We discovered North Mountain Brewing Company when the owner/brew master presented a Science and History of Beer for AZ SciFest. Personable service, great food, and terrific beer! They are family friendly. Patrons include couples, groups, families, sports fans (multiple big screens), retirees, college age, and everything in between!
4	Great spot for good beer, excellent service, friendly people, and fun music! The food looks delicious and amazingly fresh, I'm definitely going back to try a few entrees. Just dim the lights a smidgen and we're golden! :) It's great to see Sunnyslope resurrected!!
3	My review is what it is. The beer itself can carry the establishment. All of the styles were one point. The food...Eh. My feeling is they should scale the menu down too the items that they do best. The crab dip that we ordered tonight had very little crab in it and had pita strips that barely were able to pick up the dip. They did eventually bring bigger, wider strips, but our feeing was that it should have been part of their QC process. I then ordered the shepherds pie. It wasn't cold, but it wasn't exactly warm either. I could have made this in my own kitchen. Any colder and I would have sent it back, but I had waited nearly a half an hour for t and was hungry. Erica was our waitress and helped us anyway that she could. Unfortunately, this place is not the total package. While the beers are spot on, the food not so much. North Mountain Brewing Co. would have been better off opening just a tap room, rather than  full scale brew pub. The Red is smooth, the blonde is great, but it eventually needs to lead to somewhere and it didn't for me tonight.
2	Ok...so my brother decides this might be a good place to grab a couple of beers to start of a 3 man bachelor party. It's a Friday and we decide to meet up around 6:30 after work. We walk in and I go to the bar to get some starter beers. The bartender is very friendly and helps me select a nice IPA that wasn't bad at all. 7.2% with a nice floral hop. So we get to the porch and we're enjoying our first drinks. I'm getting involved in the Crimea/Ukraine/Putin conversation when at the height of a poignant gesture the chair gives way and I flip backwards. I knocked my head against the chair and my butt hit the ground...overall not that bad but I'm a little dazed. The waitress takes the chair and gets me a new one. My brother orders some food and two more beers for the table.One of the really nice waiters mentions it's happened before and they should replace the seats....YES, YOU SHOULD! is the phrase echoing in my mind.I hunt down the owner of the place...by this time the place is getting kind of packed, but I was angry. I found her and she says, "Sorry about that, here's my card"...Whatever...aside from the owners not caring AT ALL about people's safety (let alone making good on their negligence) it's not a bad place. I wrote down my number...maybe they'll make good...or not, I don't care at this point. Money wasted.
4	Another brewery stop on my own personal "baseball & brews" tour. Definitely worth the drive (we got a little lost!). The beers were really good; naturally, I did a flight. Lights were better than dark, surprising choice for me. My favorite is C.R.E.E.M. ale.
2	It was good of the owner to comment on my post. They mentioned we stayed for another hour....yes waiting for our next beer and an order of putine for my brother. I did have to hunt the manager/owner(?) down. She did not find me. I understand they were slammed. We were polite and tried to have a good time anyway. The beer and putine were eventually served after I actually went BACK to the owner and complained after a LONG wait (during which our beers weren't served to us). I don't hold any ill will against the establishment, but I won't be returning. I WILL also tell of my experience.
5	Love this place! The food is fantastic and they use products that are local. The beer... the beer is awesome! I find any excuse I can to come here and you should too!
3	This was one of six breweries I visited on a recent trip to Arizona, and it was an overall pleasant experience. I got a flight of 8 beers (bonus points for large pours) and was able to try the Hoy IPA, Spiral Man stout, James Brown Ale, PT 42 red, Hefe Endings, the Creem Ale, and the Soiled Dove Dirty Blonde. Overall I enjoyed most of the selection. The servers seemed a little annoyed with each other and seemed slightly passive aggressive with their conversations; maybe have those talks in the back away from the customers.
3	My boyfriend and I came here over the weekend while we were in town for Spring Training. We arrived around 8 pm and it was about 40% full on a Thursday night. They had a cover band playing at a reasonable volume but there is no ambiance music playing when the band takes a break so it does get a little eerily quiet. It's "family style" seating. So you could be sharing your large table with others. They do have a bar top which you can sit at, and a patio with heaters.Our server seemed a little lost or new and would disappear at times. We asked for samples of a few of their beers and she gave us the wrong ones. We decided to get the Soiled Dove Dirty Blonde Ale and another one I can't remember. Both were just ok.Appetizer - we ordered the Lumpia which are little "spring rolls" with pork, veggies and a really good peanut sauce. I believe 8 came with the order. $7Main Course - North Mountain Burger w/ fries $14  and Fish and Chips $12. The  Fish and Chips didn't taste like they had been sitting in a freezer forever. The tarter sauce wasn't your normal tarter sauce but it was delicious - hints of mustard in it. The food came out quickly and hot. Nothing to rave about but it was good.I would come here again if it was on my way to my destination or near me, definitely wouldn't seek this place out as my first choice.
4	Good beer. Nice atmosphere. Good service. We are visiting from out of town and specifically sought out a brewery. We are beer lovers and this place delivered some good ones.I had the creem. Simple. Lighter ale. Great beer for drinking in the Arizona sun out on their patio. My boyfriend had the Hoy ipa. It was a very aromatic beer with a strong hoppy flavor. Overall we liked the place. The patio was small but functional. Their menu looked good but was a little pricey. Our one criticism was that it was hard to tell if they were open. The need an open sign street side and their Parking is out back which took some hunting to find.
3	This establishment has the framework to be an AWESOME destination eatery/pubWhat is needed: (just my little opinion)1) Play up your selection of micro brews, take a tip from the micro beer pubs in San Diego. Have "beer menus" at each table and all over the place,.. write narratives on each brew, describe its flavor nuances, food pairings etc. And for the love of,... jump on the IPA train! Maybe you usually offer an IPA but not available when I stopped in, if you do,.. I suggest you make a BIG deal about it. (this is a deep pool, know whats out there before jumping in)2) Have a "Service System",.. your wait staff seems distracted, inattentive, uninformed about what they offer, and generally confused. (as in not knowing what to do next) Again, borrowing from other successful operations devise a "system" that is centered around what the customer experience is from the time they walk through the door until they wave goodbye. Train your staff to follow the system for each customer. I really believe you can close your gaps in service this way. This is not an easy thing to do but I believe it is critical to the business.Reviews that are wishy washy and offer no help are useless to me (as a consumer) I hope you feel the same as an operator. That said,.. my review for the masses is below:Good food, Good Ambiance, sketchy service and Great beer. You should go, support the effort here and be on the team to build this good place into a great place.
4	I went here with a large group for the hike and brew UYE. The service was really good for having such a large party (around 20 people). They have a large selection of house brewed beers. I tried the hef and it was very tasty. The husband had the cream and enjoyed it very much, it was kind of sweet for a cream and very tasty. We shared the poutine and it was alright, it consisted of thick cut fries (unlike the fries they serve with sandwiches which are thin), cheese curds, gravy, and short rib. The short rib was good and fairly plentiful, it was cooked to the point where it was falling apart... very nice. The overall flavor of the poutine was good, but not the best I had ever had. Despite this, I would get it again. Additionally, it was only 12$ and was plenty of food for 2 people.  I would certainly come here for the beer again in the future. PS they had amazing sounding desserts.... def want to try that.
3	Last night was my first visit to North Mountain Brewery in phoenix. It was well worth a trip from the west valley. I usually try my best to seek out craft breweries, but most times I will settle for a descent pub here and there. Ok, first thing is first, the parking lot is located in the BACK of the brewery. I saw the front patio from Dunlap, but still had to search for the parking lot lol. The atmosphere first walking in was a neighborhood bar type of mood, so that's always really welcoming. Pretty good size bar with all the brews right there on tap, and behind the bar is the brewery for you too easily see and watch some new brews being created. I had two pints and chowed down on something on the menu called the loaded macaroni and cheese. The first beer was the PT42 Red Ale, I thought it tasted great. Beer number two was the Hoy!, I.P.A., always and I.P.A. everybody, if you are going to head to any brewery you gotta at least try their I.P.A. It is freakin' awesome!!! Really good and hoppy, which means full of flavor to the very last gulp.Ok my areas I of concern was first the easy to miss parking lot, and maybe an open for business could help a little too. The door to the bar had it's hours printed on a sheet of paper and scotch taped to the window. If you choose to sit at the bar be prepared for ALOT of kitchen noise, space is somewhat limited so you will hear and see every single kitchen noise and food creation because there is no wall dividing the two. Still it's a loacl brew so gotta give credit where credit is due.
4	Met up with some fellow friends for a Hike and Brew, I sadly did not make the hike but was able to join in for the brew, the place picked was North Mountain Brewing Co.  We were a pretty big group, maybe 15 to 20, and we had 2 servers one on each side of the table and they were pretty good at making sure we had what we needed. The kitchen area is opened and I could see that there were 2 guys working it. The vibe of the place is great, opened ceiling, wooden tables, and opened kitchen, rustic and industrial. I enjoyed it.I 1st ordered a 7 flight of beer, thought it would be the best way to figure out what I like and don't like, I can say I enjoyed PT 42, the oatmeal stout, hefe & esb and my favorite was creem .After checking out the menu I went with the North Mtn Burger, but I had already seen a burger come out and saw that the fries are shoe string fries (those are not real fries)  so I asked if I could replace the fires with something else and that's what I did.  The burger was a Kobe beef style, had butter lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, white cheddar cheese, mustard and spicy aioli sauce. Over all the burger was good, I was a craving a beefy cheeseburger, but sadly this was not it, the cheese had been charbroiled onto the burger could only tell cheese was there by the crispy burnt corners of it. The spicy aioli sauce was great and went well with everything.  Instead of the fries I got a side of their brussel sprouts, they were roasted brussel sprouts with fresno peppers, red onions and cotijia cheese. I really enjoyed these, the peppers were fresh and had a spicy little touch to them, it went perfect with the roasted flavor of the brussel sprouts enjoyed this dish much more than I would have with the shoe string fries. It was a good time with friends and exploring the many flavors of beer!
4	I had a great time tonight with friends!  First time at North Mountain Brewing Co.  Good service, good food and good live music. Not sure who the musican was but amazing flute playing (think jethro tull)! Only reason it's not getting 5 stars is it's a bit loud when you have a large group talking together and the waitress started out letting us know the beer specials were on some wall when you enter the building rather than just telling us or giving a specialty menu. Kinda strange but you easily get past it with their good service and food. Btw had the heffiweisen beer. Yum.
4	Went here with a group after hiking Shaw Butte.  With all the different beers and foods we tried and shared most all were hits.  The portions were ample.  Service was mostly good.  Our group was large enough to put a strain on the kitchen so it took a while for our food.  The room had a good feel to it.  There is a nice patio but we all decided it was too hot to sit out there in the sun.  There are umbrellas but there is always somebody left out in the sun.
3	Went here on a Saturday evening at approx. 8:30 pm for a brew and some food.  It was not busy - in fact there was an abundance of seats available on the inside.  We sat outside, ordered a beer and our food.  The beer was good and delivered promptly.  We order a burger and pizza and proceeded to wait for over 45 minutes for our food. The server did come back several times to tell us there were several large orders in front of us.  There were barely 30 people total on the inside and there were 3 cooks working the kitchen.  We were just getting ready to ask for our check for the beers and leave when she brought the food out.  The only thing that saved the evening was the food was good and the server was very friendly and apologetic about the long wait.  Not sure I would go back here for food, but the beer was (Hefe) was good.
3	Found this place via yelp, was in the area at John C Lincoln Hospital. Staff is very friendly, atmosphere is somewhat German in that there are long tables next to each other so strangers get to mix if wanted. Walls also have TV's all across with Sports on them. Got a Flight of 6 beers, I'm not an IPA fan and don't like Hoppy beers, so I wont comment on them, there was a CREME that was very tasty. We had the sausage plate and ham and cheese (it had bacon in it). Food was good and priced right, if Im in the area I will see them again.
5	We have been living around the corner from this place for months and just found it!!  We have been missing out!  Almost walking distance from our place, great food, great beer, very good service!!  Can't ask for more, they have a new customer for life on us!
4	Without having the food I can't comment fully. But the beer is nice. The styles are true to form and decent representations at that. The red ale is quite impressive, has a nice hoppy punch for being a red. The ipa is solid and a nice west coast style. The brown had a good malty tone with some coffee flavor either added or from the toasted malts. The serendipitous Belgian dark was fun, nice and sweet with a good Belgian yeast flavor. All in all pretty impressed with the quality of the beer, they certainly know how to brew and add a little flair to the styles that they make.
4	Good IPA, Tues nite music was cool, and food was good!
2	I am not a beer drinker but went there last night with husband and friend. Hubby and friend liked the beer. Hubby had the James Brown brew. Food not so good. I had the fish and chips. I would not recommend. But service was fantastic!
3	Let me first say I wish I could award 3.5 stars.NMBco has a lot going for it.1) The neighborhood - There isn't a ton of competition in this area of town and it is awesome to have a micro brewery this close to where I love.2) Good quality beer3) Live music4) Very nice wait staff5) The place is bright and cleanIt is lacking in a couple areas though...1) While the quality of the beer is good, I just didn't get the flavor complexity I wanted.  Don't get me wrong I enjoyed the beer, but is NMBco is going to compete with the other local heavy hitters on taste, they will need tweak their beers just a little.2) I didn't try a lot of food but the food wasn't terribly great even by pub standards.  Make a good burger, make good fish and chips, and have a really solid pretzel...If you have to go out with friends and don't feel like going to Sun Up, Four Peaks, Papago, etc.. this is a solid alternative.  Me?  I will just go buy some good bottle and hang out on my porch with friends, did I mention that Sprout's carries Dogfish Head bears now?  That's an IPA i can get behind!
5	Loved this place!!!!!!!!Saw that their was a brewery not to far from my house so I had to go check it out. It's a small location, but a great find.They have beers that they are constantly brewing on site and switching out the menu constantly. I ended up talking to the bartender or a good amount of time and he invited us to the back where one of the brewers gave us a private tour and breakdown on how the beers are brewed, step by step. If you're a beer enthusiast, like myself, I would suggest checking out the beer flights to get a little taste of everything. One of my personal favorite was the James Brown Ale?i think that was the name. I really want to come back when they have live music.It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
4	Excellent ales.  I really like that they almost always have at least 1-2 new things on tap every time we go.  On our last visit, we got stuck on the C.R.E.E.M. and the Caber Toss Scottish Dark.  Both are extremely tasty (assuming you like those styles).The food is definitely above par for a pub.  The lumpia and the brussel sprouts are fantastic!
5	Been going to NMTBrew since they opened. Rob & Candy are awesome. Love this place!!!
4	Great beers, great food, and great service!
4	I am very disappointed in myself for not reviewing this sooner. So forgive me and I will try to do my best to tell you everything I have tried if not the whole menu. ^_^From most favorite to least I will make a list of everything starting with Favorite first and with a short description on why I like it.-Poutine: So full of cheesy goodness and meat and fries?!  such an amazing combo and the cheese is melted so perfectly it makes me drool thinking about it.-Mussels:I was a bit hesitant when my boyfriend ordered this because the mussels I am used to looking at are much bigger in size.  These were little guys that reminded me of clams but in a butter sauce and with a side of sliced toasted bread which is delicious.Ahi-I love raw fish more than a lot of things, if I could eat sashimi every day I think id be in heaven. But this was much different, more of like a poki ahi salad stacked nicely with a great tasting sauce.Crab Dip-amazing as well, I love cheese and dips together. So delicious. Just try it!-Deep fried banana split- no need for a description its just good!-piece of cake- also good no comment needed!-Spent Grain cookie- different not my favorite but good also-Grilled sausage platter- too much potatoes for my personal taste but the sausages with the potatoes were good together.-North mountain malt-was like a shake, pretty good!-Pizza- this one was kind of our fault,  my boyfriend and I like to watch diners drive ins and dives and shows similar.  We watched andrew zimmern in MN add a over easy egg to a pizza when it was almost done cooking so it could ooze over the pizza.  Sounds delicious.  No one out here understands how to do that here at all when we try to explain it.  So what we got was like a breakfast scrambled egg pizza with lettuce on it since we ordered the Cesar. Gross.
4	I'm not sure why I haven't been back here in so long but I am definitely going to try and come more often.  It was nice to see that business is still booming and they seem to have found their niche.  I love that although it looks like a bar inside it has so much more to offer than your traditional, deep fried bar food.  We started with our favorite, the lumpia Philippine spring rolls and then decided on a yummy wedge salad.  We landed up splitting a bowl of amazing roasted brussel sprouts mixed with cojita cheese.  But they know what they do best and that is brew beer.  The service has gone from weak to wonderful.  I'm glad to see they are going to be around for awhile.
5	Tuesday was open-mic night; actually good music and made atmosphere just right. Beers are really good. Liked the CREEM and Serendipitous the best.
3	Well I was super excited to see a cute beer joint in this neighborhood and couldn't believe it had already been here for over a year! Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to love everything, it wasn't awesome. They had 10 beers listed, but were sold out of 2 (as luck would have it, the 2 my husband wanted to try). We got the 8-beer sampler to try the rest. The dark Belgian was good, but everything else had a super strong coffee/smoke flavor. None of our party of 4 was crazy about them. The space is cute enough, and huge, and the patio looked nice. Service was friendly and helpful, if not especially quick. The unexpected bright spot was the salad menu...I had a good kale salad and my mom had the spicy Brussels sprout one. Glad I tried it, and I may be back in the name of supporting local business.
5	I have been going to North Mountain for over a year now! I have found Heroes 19 there (the beer to honor the Yarnell Firefighters), and tons of other delicious beers. Current favorite is the Serendipitous! I do wish they would bring back the Bearded Dragon and the Imaginary IPA.The bartenders and servers have never been anything but the friendliest, and even if I go by myself I always find myself caught up in a nice conversation. Oh yeah, they have some of the best wings I have ever had! Without hyperbole!I wish them nothing but the best!
1	Walked in. Walked out. The waitress actually said "before you look at the menu, let me tell you what beers we don't have." Was very excited to try PT 42. They stopped making it even though it's on their website and in-store menu. They were out of 3 other beers. No ambers or reds. Just one cream. Everything else was pale or hefe. I get that handles rotate, but have some variety. And PT 42 should never be retired.
4	Only giving a 4 because the service was friendly and the soup was excellent. The beers arent very good. Standard, run-of-the-mill beers from a small brewpub. Hef, esb, porter, ipa, yawn, etc. Nothing stood out. Nothing was off or skunky in any way...I just look for a place that pushes the envelope and these beers just dont do that. Also they were out of 4 beers and no longer serve oysters...which was the reason I came here aside from tryin local brews
4	Great local craft brewery with surprisingly good food. We came here with a large group to watch a world cup match. Our server bent over backwards to make sure we had a great experience, which we did. Beer was great. Caber Toss Scottish was my favorite. Followed by the C.R.E.E.M ale. Food-wise, the shepherd's pie was delicious. Had the poutine, too, but would opt for the shepherd's pie over that when we come again. Great neighborhood bar.
5	I've been to this brewery a few times now since I have moved to the neighborhood. We've tried a number of items from the menu and everything has been (mostly) delicious.The pretzel bread, with the honey butter, mustard and cheese is a super tasty appetizer. I just wish it came with four pretzels instead of three.The poutine - so delicious! The short ribs just fall apart, the cheesy, gravy amazingness is just...so, so good. If you're a first timer, I highly recommend the poutine.The meat pizza, meh. It was okay, nothing to write home about, although we got the pizza in the same visit as the poutine, so it didn't really stand a chance.We also ordered a beer sampler in our first visit to get an idea of what we liked and we didn't. The glasses for the sampler are HUGE, we shared them amongst a few people and we were all able to get a few sips. I personally enjoy the C.R.E.E.M. beer, nice and light.The nice thing about this place is the live entertainment. Every time we've been there was a group playing, and the music was enjoyable but not overpowering. They have indoor and outdoor seating, inside they also have some large communal style tables to sit at, which can be sort of fun.I think this will definitely be our go to happy hour joint in the neighborhood.
4	Stopped in with a group to sample the beers that were on tap.  All of the beers were good and the one that stood out most was the cosmik IPA.  We also enjoyed amazing pretzels with mustard and whip cream. Great place for a craft beer and some grub!
4	Well it took me over a year to finally try out North Mountain. I don't know what took me so long but I'm glad I finally got a time to visit. We came on a Saturday night and I was impressed with the set up. We sat at the bar which has a view of the kitchen and there was a small band playing.  While sitting at the bar we were met with a friendly bartender that knew all of the beers and seemed to really enjoy his work. Wish I would have caught his name. Ordered the IPA which was really good. Tried my friend's brown and it was really good as well. We also tried the loaded Mac and cheese and it was awesome!  I've heard that the food here is really good. Overall I will come back to NMBCo. Seems like a good place to eat dinner with a great beer or just a place to enjoy a beer or two with friends. On a side note parking is in the pack and don't drive too fast or you will miss the entrance!
2	I really want to love this place, but I have had inconsistent experiences. Overall the place needs to find an identity. The food is good not amazing. Beers are very good and interesting, not your average brewpub brew. My biggest criticism would be the service and the pricing. Happy Hour, should be better in my opinion, and the quality of the food seems to have slid a bit since earlier in the restaurants life. I want to go again, they really seem to be trying.
5	I went here for the first time on Friday night. Now, I do not drink beer, I hate beer BUT all of my friends drink it so I goto breweries for support. I was impressed with NMBC, the interior was awesome, I loved seeing the stills and the whole rear wall is doors that open to a patio that were open. Our waiter was kick ass and was the epitome of customer service. There was some great live music going on and it wasn't some horrible hipsters.Now, as I said, I do not drink beer so I had a coke. It took me awhile to read the menu to decide what to eat, everyone raved about the crab dip and said the chicken sandwich and burgers were not worth eating. I decoded to get the all-meat 7" pizza and damnit, that was a FANTASTIC choice. Though I do not drink beer, I will come back for the atmosphere and the pizza. I gave 5 stars for the pizza.
5	Awesome BBQ beef only just $7. So die for it!!!!! Coming coming again and again...believe it not forgettable, something exceptional lies here!!!
4	Good beer, good food, friendly staff, and just overall a great local place to get a good locally brewed beer.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Nice, casual atmosphere with a friendly staff! The fish 'n chips were spot on and the BBQ chicken flatbread pizza was good (maybe not excellent but good). The white sangria was refreshing but didn't have fruit in it. We were not a big beer crowd but it was a little weird to see they were sold out of so many... They must be that good! Overall, it was a chill evening which was exactly what we wanted!
4	My hubby and I ordered a flight of beer (8 different beers, 4 ounce pours.)  We really enjoyed most of the beers.  I could easily drink more of the dark and light Belgians.  My hubby loved the Octomalt.  We didn't eat any food, but we will make sure we try it on our next visit.  We will absolutely be back for another taste of those brews!
1	Went there last night. My friend had the loaded macaroni and a child sized beer. I ordered the southwest burger with avocado. 15 minutes after my friend's food was served and she was done eating they brought out my southwest burger! It was a tiny burger with cheese on a dry bun with brown chopped lettuce and a side of chipotle sauce without avocado. I sent it back. Then the cook? or who ever he was, literally comes to my table and confronts me wanting to know why I sent it back, so I had to explain to him why the burger sucked.  This place has terrible food and service and a pushy cook and we will not be back.
1	I went there last night. My friend had the loaded macaroni and a ridiculously small sized beer. I ordered the southwest burger with avocado. 15 minutes after my friend's food was served and she was done eating they brought out my southwest burger! It was a tiny burger with cheese on a dry bun with brown chopped lettuce and a side of chipotle sauce, without avocado.  So I sent it back.  Then the cook? or who ever he was, came to my table and confronted me, wanting to know why I sent it back, so I had to explain to him why the burger sucked.  This place has terrible food, poor service and a pushy cook.  We will not be back.
5	My fiance and I just attended a food/beer pairing event last night - it was EXCELLENT. There were 8 courses, including 8 beers and 8 different dishes, each with a personal story and description from the brewmaster and head chef in person, who were both funny and interesting. We had a private room with about 20 people and it was a very well-organized, delicious, comfortable experience and we can't wait to go back to NMBC for more beer and food during its regular hours!
1	I am so disappointed by the food at this establishment. My husband and I both ordered the Sheperd's pie and it was bland. Definitely not worth the price of $12 a plate.
5	Great place... my wife and I bring our 1 year old here early evenings.  Fun environment and great food.  The mac and cheese is AWESOME.  Crab dip is really good.  The growler refill deal is good too if you come in semi regularly.   Live music Friday and Saturday at 7pm is nice too!
3	I came from Sacramento on a business trip so was unfamiliar with the local brewery scene. I saw this place had good reviews so thought it was worth a try. We had the flight with some appetizers. The pretzel bread was good, but the honey butter that came with it was amazing! The lumpia was very good as well. For the beers, I liked the IPA and the baby Belgian. The Hefeweizen, C.r.e.e.m., and stout were good as well and worth trying. Overall, this place is still young, and as such, has some things that could use work, but there is definitely some great things they are doing and are have a bright future ahead of them.
5	Excellent service! Bartender (Anthony) was both friendly and very knowledgable about the beer and brewing process. Food was excellent! I had Kobe beef burger...delicious! Nice neighborhood bar! We will be back! Thank you north mountain brewing for giving us our new favorite place to go!!!
5	Recently attended a food/beer pairing event - one of the very best dinner experiences I have EVER had. The brewmaster and head chef visited us before all 8 of the courses, explaining what they had made and why they were pairing them together. It was so personal and thoughtful, and unique and entertaining. Absolutely wonderful event, and we can't wait to go back to NMBC for more beer and food during regular hours!
5	I love this place!!!!  New fav place for great beer and good food.We decided to try this place a couple weeks ago based on word of mouth praise, NMBC not only met my expectations, but exceeded them.  Tried a flight of 6 beers and never felt rushed to get through them and the food.  Love their Baby Belgium which is hands down my favorite.I am telling everyone I know about NMBC.
5	Not only is Anthony a world class bar tending connoisseur he also gave me a free coster when I would have paid at least $5 after my clumsy friend spilled beer all over my lap. He spilled his beer because the taste of the amazing beer at North Mountain Brewery was too much for my friend to handle.
4	Good beer, good place, food is decent could use some workMost of the time the beer is great! Last time we order one not so great. It was a newly tapped keg of Hefe and it came out looking like mud. Mouth feel was course and grainy. Flavor was off too from all the trub still free floating around. They were friendly and understood and took it off our bill. If this were my brew pub that beer would have never left the bar and ended up in the drain.I like that they serve their beer in the correct glass style for each beer style. You don't get that much any more because places are lazy and only serve in pints or mugs. YES IT REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE. But if Coors Light is your favorite beer you probably won't understand.I would return without hesitation.
2	Service was non existent.  Took at least 15 minutes to get my first beer and I was one of 4 people in the whole place :(
5	This place is awesome! I love the beer centric food, and of course the beer! Get the flight and try them all. I've had the poutine, the hot wings, the burgers, the ahi tuna appetizer, the pretzel bread, and the malt! The food has never disappointed me. The burgers are hands down the best I've had in Phoenix. I'm originally from Nebraska where we take our beef very seriously, and their burgers have wowed me. They use the beer wort to make an ice cream malt that is amazing. No alcohol in it, but has a hint of beer flavor that makes it a refreshing treat. Service has always been spot on for me.
4	Good food... Good atmosphere.. Wish they would bring back the oysters! Wish they had a better wine selection. I go very often with a bunch of people and never have a problem.. Love their wedge salad!!
5	I just found my new go-to spot for lunch and dinner!The food here is amazing, and their lumpia is some of the best I have ever had in my life, and I'm Filipino so I know good lumpia when i taste it. They were perfectly crispy, superbly rolled, and served with a delicious thai sauce in addition to the traditional sweet & sour. The grilled cheese and chicken sandwich were also both excellent.I love IPAs and their Ipacious definitely didn't disappoint. Full of hops, just like I like it, and served in a proper 16 oz pint glass. My only recommendation to the restaurant is to add more IPAs to the lineup because you did such a phenomenal job with the Ipacious. Cheers!
5	Being medically required to ride the wagon currently, I was there for the food - and it was worth the trip. First off, they have lumpia, which I've mot found elsewhere in the Valley. When I lived in the SF Bay Area, my next-door neighbor for several years was the local 'queen' of the Pilipina community, and these were her specialty for every street festival, fair, and celebration. NMB's are almost as good as hers, which means they are excellent - and the portion is very generous as well. The two sauces that accompany them are both delicious, but I think I like the peanutty one best. Highlighting an unjustly maligned vegetable, the Brussels Sprout salad is a very tasty presentation of an off-beat dish. Nicely spiced, the tiny leaves have been stir-fried, I think, and are wonderfully accented by the peppers and other accouterments. The dressing was good, but here's a tip - use the leftover lumpia sauce(s), either ot both, for an added taste treat. My companion thoroughly enjoyed his Grilled Cheese sandwich - he had decided to forego accompanying it with the Tomato Soup, so he was able to help me polish off the lumpia, which he loved. He enjoyed his chosen libation, too - I was trying to ignore it, out of jealousy. The baseball playoffs were on, so he was happy about that, too.Other family members are practically regulars here, so I'm sure to be back soon - I look forward to a return trip.(Just one caveat - the servers who smoke need a better understabding of how far they are supposed to be from the entrance.)
4	My husband-to-Be and I decide to go try out this Brewery since he's been wanting to go for some time now. It wasn't bad at all! However, this is definitely a Hop lovers paradise! If you love your hops, go here! They have a "CYRious Double IPA" which is the king of kings IPA! Seriously. I took a whiff of it and I thought I was smelling a pine tree! Unfortunately, we both don't like IPAs. But that doesn't mean we will give them a bad review for not having our type of beer. Great place! Good food! And the atmosphere was open. My advice. If you love IPAs...bring a your friends too. It's made for huge groups of friends to hang out!
3	I come here quite often and have noticed a few things.First, the beer is excellent. The board is constantly rotating which I like, but their "signature" beer that supposedly never comes off is the creem ale. Sometimes you can go in and they won't have an IPA which is absolutely insane for a brewery.The food here is very good. I'm usually happy with the beer and food AND service, so why three stars?They do these weird events here. Open mics, pasta bars, etc. Thursday night is pasta night and open mic, so they have some buffet style table set up as you walk in with cooked pasta just sitting in bowls, and an awkward person hoping to serve you up like an omelette station.You sit down at the bar hoping to watch Thursday night football, and that's when the unspeakable happens... Live music worse than what you hear at brigetts karaoke bar.You might think, oh good, they're bringing in tons of business from the musicians (because you look around and it's fairly packed with musicians waiting to play) then you notice they're not even drinking beer, just water.So as an actual regular customer, I'm just sitting at the bar pissed off because of the bad music, the smell of bad pasta, and trying to read the closed caption on the football game. Your food is good! Get rid of the pasta bar! Get rid of the horrible music played by these water-drinking losers! Why do you think this is a good idea??I'm so annoyed with the business ideas of this place I really should've given it two stars, it's frustrating to see this place with so much potential, ruined by things that don't even make money.
5	The night I was there they had a Thunderbird Management Alumni group there--along with some fantastic musicians!  Lots of fun listening to great music for FREE!We had the pistoune (spelling?) which is made of some really great cooked short ribs, and fries.  Very delicious, and the meat was good quality which the bartender said they smoke for 16 hours.  The tenderness of the meat shows it was cooked a long time as it just melts in your mouth.Love the homemade beer here, but I don't like super strong beers so my friend got the Pilsner and I got the Creme--and both of us loved what we got.  If I reordered I'd get the Pilsner next time as it was just a smidge better tasting, but both were wonderful.Love this clean, little place!  Nice bartender who was really helpful, and even brought our food to the table near the stage.  Would love to come back here, for sure.  This place is a winner!...And I'm giving this place 5 stars just because I loved the cleanliness and cuteness of this brightly lit place with the best homemade brewery beer I've had so far in Phoenix.
5	We live in the southern end of the valley, so this was only our second visit to this gem of a brewery. It was a quiet early afternoon and once again we were delighted by the selection & quality of the beers. I'm slowly becoming a pumpkin frantic. N. MTN is the best I've had to date. The wife blended the Baby Belgium with the Saison  - lovely combo of clove & touch of banana. The highlight though was Mike the bartender. What a joy to chat with the man. He even bought us our drinks. I felt like we had found home. Maybe Phoenix does have a soul after all. We really need to try the food next time. Long live N Mountain Brewery!
5	Terrific IPA! Owners Rob and his wife came over to our table. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere reminiscent of our Portland and other western brewery experiences. Will definitely be back for the beer, atmosphere and pretzel bread!
5	Ok, the beers are outstanding, but the poutine is amazing!  Short ribs, braised to perfection.  With gravy.  Over fries and cheese curds (be still, my Wisconsin-girl heart).  Yum!!
5	My wife and I came for dinner at about 8 PM on a Friday night. There was live music and the place was pretty busy, but we were seated right away and had a great time. The service, beer, food, and music were all top notch and I am looking forward to a time to return.I had a sampler of six beers, but sent for a seventh, which left five beers on the menu untasted. All were very good, but my the Octomalt and the Diogenes IPA were my favorites. The N.I.B (imperial stout) was dubbed "not for the feint of heart" and they meant it. It hit with a punch thought I'm glad I tried it.The beer list did not match the beer list on their website but I think that is a good thing. It suggests to me the list changes often and the 12 beers on the list that night spanned several styles. I was impressed.We had the wedge salad which was very good but we missed the red onions. We also split the steak sandwich and fries (blue cheese sauce on the sandwich) and enjoyed it very much. Just the right combination of savory and spicy (there were some tiny red peppers that made my head sweat). For desert we split the sundae on a spent grain cookie. It was very good, though we could not finish it.They have a weekend brunch and I am looking for a Sunday afternoon to return!This place has a cool vibe, good food, and great beer. Don't miss it!
