1	I would recommend to find another doctor in this field.2014 has been a tough year, both professionally and personally.  I admit, my general idea of psychiatry may be a bit too Hollywood, but I was under the impression that I would meet with a psychiatrist, determine the areas of my life that have given me concern due to emotional duress and then, after several discussions, if a solution couldn't be found, as a last resort, I would have to consider and probably go on medication...once again, as a LAST RESORT.Forget the fact that my appointment to meet with Dr. O'Keke was at 2:30 and I waited until 4:00 to see him.  Forget the fact that after inquiries about the late time, the only response given was..."he's just running a bit behind."  No, ten minutes is a bit behind.  Two hours is UNACCEPTABLE!!!When I finally met with Dr. O'Keke, he was condescending and patronizing and wouldn't make eye contact with me, only kept reading the report that his underling staff had gotten from me an hour prior.  We spoke for ten minutes, wherein, he criticized most of my decisions in life and did his best to make me feel even worse about myself.  Mind you, this was in the span of ten minutes, upon which, he prescribed me THREE medications that should make me feel better.  He instructed me to set another appointment for two weeks from today, but I simply left without a backwards glance.  I promptly tore the prescription up and threw it away.I think I'm more angry with myself for sticking around for the extra hour and a half to be seen only for it to be so underwhelming.  I could have saved a co-pay and not missed half a day of work.
1	The most unprofessional Dr. I have ever dealt with. This is my 2nd visit with him and both times I have been kept waiting for an alarming amount of time. The first time i sat in the waiting room Almost 2 hours. This time i have already been here an hour and 15 mins and HE ISNT EVEN IN THE BUILDING and he had patients starting 3 hours ago!!!! Do not waste your time here. He obviously has no respect or courtesy for anyone other than himself.
5	Dr Okeke'a address is actually at 7818 W Sahara Av Las Vegas. Most apps and Web Searches give the wrong address. The doctor is excellent for what I need which is medication management. That's important to have up-to-date and mine were not when I first went to the doctor. He was able to get them straightened out . Doctor Okeke is responsive to my observations about their effectiveness.As far as I know, he does not provide therapy at this office in W. Sahara. Note: Wait times can be long no matter what time you have for an appointment.I'm on Medicare and BC/BS and my bill is fully covered.
