5	Mike is the most trustworthy and skilled handy guy anyone could ask for.  He can take care of anything--and does efficiently and at very reasonable prices.
5	Mike has been fantastic with all of the tasks we have had him help us with. Earlier in the year, we purchased an investment property and needed someone to fix up several small things in the house. One of which included fixing up the kitchen cabinets. Several contractors we received bids from gave us so much grief regarding the cabinets (said we needed to replace them) and also fixing the spa tub. They wanted to charge us an arm and a leg, too. I found Mike through an ad on Craigslist and called him in a last-ditch effort. My husband immediately liked him but the most important part was that Mike wasn't afraid to take on the things we wanted. He didn't hesitate to say that fixing the kitchen cabinets wouldn't be a problem. Being a handyman, his prices were extremely reasonable. Mike demonstrated excellent communication with my husband and we appreciated being informed every step of the way. He also had a great sense of humor and we enjoyed interacting with him. Mike was also perfectly fine going to Home Depot with my husband so that we could purchase supplies on our Home Depot card. Incredibly, he even struck up a few deals with the salesperson to save us more money!  A few times while we were at the property doing yardwork, he was quick to lend us any of his tools to help us out. All in all, we were very pleased with his work on the house (fixing and rebuilding the kitchen cabinets, removing and installing a new tub, repairing and installing landscape lighting controls that were stolen, installing and repairing lighting, plumbing, and repairing various components on the exterior of the house). Great, great guy to work with and we were lucky to have found him.
5	This review is long over due but I wanted to make sure I got this in because Mike is probably one of the best Handymen I've ever used.  A move from Phoenix to Seattle had us scrambling to fix up the house for sale and we needed all sorts of work done - we had quite a bit of dry wall that needed repair and also needed a corner of our kitchen cabinetry retouched.  After seeing the reviews here on Yelp, I called Mike at Copper State Home Maintenance and he was out the next day for an estimate.Now, the estimate was beyond reasonable and Mike even picked up the supplies needed and just charged me for those at his cost.  He did all the repair work very quickly and everything looked AMAZING.  I mean - there was no way to tell there was a smallish hole in one of the walls originally.  I looked and looked to see if I could even see a seam.  The paint was matched perfectly and everything was so professionally done - I was one happy camper.  I'm really picky about how things look and Mike is a perfectionist.  His prices are great and if you need anyone to do anything in your home in the Phoenix area, call Mike.  it will be the best call you ever made...
5	Mike is honest, helpful and on time.   If he can't do it, he will say so and probably has a reliable lead.   I have used him for the last 2 years on several of my properties.
5	Mike was unknown to me before he did work on my parents home, getting it ready to sell.  He showed up on time, kept in touch by phone and got all the work done and did it well.  I'm planning on hiring Mike for some jobs in my own home.  He is a pleasant, trustworthy and skilled handyman.  I would recommend him to anyone needing assistance.
5	Mike is absolutely terrific to work with.  He does anything you need, large or small, and not only does a quality job, but does it with a great attitude, and makes sure that your needs are met.   It is refreshing to get such great customer service.  I would highly, highly recommend him.
5	Thank you, Yelp! I needed a handyman to do some work at my new house (install doggie door, hang a high bookshelf, connect my gas dryer, etc.)I did a search here and found Mike at Copper State. He responded quickly to my initial email, we set up an appointment and he was a few minutes early! (I've learned to expect appointments to run late in this town.) He is very personable, INCREDIBLY knowledgeable, and I felt confident I could trust him with my home.I've already started compiling the list of other projects I plan to hire Copper State for, and was very comfortable passing along his name and contact information to a friend who put out the call asking if anyone knew a trustworthy, honest handyman.Will continue to highly recommend Mike for any home related project!
5	A bit overdue but I got Mike's name from another realtor that uses him.  What a wonderful job he did on my rental property and also did a job for me on my personal residence.  PROMPT, courteous cleans up and reasonable.  I love getting personal referrals and Michael was a great find.In the process of referring him to a friend of mineJanet OkenHomeSmart
5	I had bookmarked Copper State Home Maintenance and Repair on Yelp for quite some time. When our microwave didn't work this week, my husband thought we needed a new circuit breaker. I emailed Mike around 4-5PM on  Friday and he called at 7:22am on Saturday. I wasn't even up yet. When I finally realized he had called much later in the morning, my husband returned his call (I was suffering from a migraine) and he came right on time, at 1. As Arana said, that is very rare in Phoenix metro.He fixed the circuit breakers in under an hour and that included going to buy the materials. When he was done, my husband asked about our washer which wasn't working correctly and he correctly diagnosed the problem. Then while waiting for my husband to write a check he somehow noticed how loose our kitchen faucet was and quickly repaired that too. If there were 10 stars, I would give him a TEN. Mike is very pleasant to deal with and personable and lives 1/4 mi. from our house. Thrilled! Oh and he is VERY reasonable, especially for North Central prices. I swear people see where you live and they triple the prices.
5	When I had made the initial call for a fix to my exterior sensor floodlight, Mike swung by within 10 minutes to take a look and provide an ETA for the fix. I awoke the next morning a to a ring at my doorbell announcing he was done. All I had to do was show him the location and he took care of the rest. Awesome.I definitely plan to call on Mike for future projects!
5	After owning my home for 9 years and hiring various people including some highly advertised plumbing companies, some individual contractors, and several handymen  - I feel that I have finally found the best of all the rest!   The reviewers were not exaggerating.  Not only did Mike give a very reasonable quote but in addition to doing the work that I had hired him for, he fixed a couple of other things that had been done incorrectly by a previous handyman.   His hourly rate is right up front on his website and the time that he estimated was more than it took to do the work so my cost was less.  How rare is that?  There are not enough adjectives to describe but they would include fair, honest, capable, efficient, and personable plus he was on-time!  I would highly recommend Mike and now have the peace of mind of having someone to call who I trust when I need work done on my home.
1	I can't believe how incredibly inappropriate the owner of this business is. All I wanted was his services...I have a lot of things that need to be done around the house. He was very rude over the phone and I can't figure out for the life of me why. Anyways, I can't speak on behalf of his work, but I will tell you his customer service skills are subpar (and that's being kind). Called him about patching some woodpecker holes. He said he doesn't service my area because I'm in the boonies. I mean, he made a big deal about how far away I was!! LOL I live in Norterra....it's newer but I wouldn't call it the boonies.....I guess I'll be repairing them myself. I guess a tip would be to know he doesn't service north phoenix.... Or the Norterra area..
1	I can't believe how incredibly inappropriate the owner of this business is. All I wanted was his services...I have a lot of things that need to be done around the house. He was very rude over the phone and I can't figure out for the life of me why. Anyways, I can't speak on behalf of his work, but I will tell you his customer service skills are subpar (and that's being kind). I'm updating this status because he contacted me in reference to my first review and was very inappropriate.
5	Just moved into a new place and needed a dog door installed. After waiting weeks for the landlord's service crew to "get right on that", I finally gave up on them and called Mike at Copper State. Not only was he able to fit the job in on the SAME day, he took a few extra minutes out of his way to fix some faulty blinds too! Couldn't be happier with his work or service. Will definitely call him first next time. Highly recommended!
1	I'm amazed at the inappropriate email this company sent me.  First Michael suggests that I go to "home depot" and find labor but even worse brags that hes basically the most talented handyman in the entire city.  Here is the lovely response he gave me:"First off you don't start a business proposition with theses are my "non-negotiable terms".If you think a business that has been around for 11 years and can do everything that a contractor can do will sit and agree to your ridiculous "terms", then you have been smoking something. Either your some cheap slum lord or you have been dealing with guys that do second rate work. I get my $55/hr AND I'm booked solid. When your business gets to the level my business is, then you can come talk to me about worth. Oh, wait you work for Ask Me. Great springboard job you got there. GO back to your delusional landlord of South Phoenix life and be sure to get what you pay for, right, you will."No liability insurance, no certification or contractor license and he thinks $55 an hour is appropriate?  There must be a lot of clueless people out here.  This company has proven to be RUDE, DISRESPECTFUL and ABSURD!STAY AWAY.
5	I've used Mike on many occasions for various jobs from dog doors to home improvement and he constantly delivers top quality work. Always on time and pleasant to work with, I've never needed to call him back to fix anything he has done for me.I highly recommend his services if he is in your service area.
5	One more time I had to call Mike.I sent him a text at 6:47pm and he responded at 6:49pm and said he would be out the next morning at 7am. WHAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!Of course, its the day before Thanksgiving and I am doing all the cooking and hosting.At 7am or perhaps before Mike rang the door. He promptly fixed the clogged sink and I didn't miss anytime in preparing food for the big day, tomorrow. Mike is great, efficient and reasonable!We are so blessed to have him to call.
