5	PreParty opening night went off without a hitch. Great service food and music... Spice up your life a bite with a little Jamaican jerk chicken or the oxtail which was off the hook  so tender and delicious! Definitely will be a frequent repeat costumer ! We be jamin'
5	The oxtail was excellent and the vegetables were fresh and cooked just right.  Wonderful!
1	Really hate to leave this review but, this is yelp and it calls for honesty. Parking is located in the back of the place and you enter through the outdoor patio into what seems like a maze to get to the front counter....like through 1 door back outside through another door then around the dining area to the counter.There was myself and another woman placing a to go order and someone sitting in the dining area, not busy at all for lunch on a Friday. The waitress was new and seemed very nervous which is understandable it took her about 15mins to get me cashed out...no problem because I was still waiting on my order...that took another 15mins and they forgot my festival, I told them it was fine just give me rice and peas instead which I was told would take 2mins, 5 mins later out comes FESTIVAL.Whatever, I'm running on my lunch hour being over so as I race back to the office I drive and eat....the steamed veggies were not seasoned well..the chicken itself was very moist but it's dark meat it's kind of hard to not have moist dark meat, that too wasn't well flavored, when I think of jerk chicken I think of marinading for hours or overnight to allow flavors to seep through...not the case here at all, tasted like simply grilled meat with a slightly watery jerk sauce on the side, that too unfortunately wasn't flavorful....and now the festival....it tasted like well - fried dough with cinnamon literally imagine mixing cornmeal, flour and cinnamon together and deep frying it...it was really bad.This is brand spankin new so a longer soft opening is definitely necessary especially when dealing with us downtown folks during the lunch rush and after work dinner pickup, they need work.While I won't be spending my $8 again on a meal from here I will say this, my ex & I attended LoLo's when they first opened many, many moons ago and the food was bad, the owner asked us for our honest opinion and we told him (we had just returned from LA's Roscoe's Chix & Waffles and had a taste for the combo when we stumbled on Lo Lo's) he in turn thanked us for our honesty said he would continue to work on his recipes and place in general and look at him now - he's a successful pretentious asshole, but Lo-Lo's has 2 locations, mission accomplished lol....maybe this place has potential too *shrugs*I would give them 1 1/2 stars but I can't and don't feel like they're worthy of 2 stars at this point.I refuse to believe the photo of the fried and grilled chicken belongs to them and came from their establishment....REFUSE
5	What can I say about this place besides its the bomb!! There aren't a ton of options for eating downtown so anytime a new place opens up I check it out. This one hits the spot. Jerk chicken was cooked perfectly and the food was ready quickly which is important when you are eating on your lunch hour. Red stripe for lunch too? Yes please!
5	I think this place is great. Although it takes a lil time because it is made upon ordering it's more authentic than Breadfruit! Full bar is an added plus and the Caribbean drinks are delish. It's in central phoenix which is a plus and Wi-Fi is an added bonus. They sell island souvenirs and Rastafarian items. They even have live jazz on the weekends! Can't complain as they are still working out the kinks since they opened up last Monday. They are definitely in the right track!
5	Oh where to begin. The alcohol drinks mmmmmuah to die for. The jerk chicken was a very generous portion and came with a side of steamed veggies and peas and rice. Best Jamaican food in Phoenix ao far for me.Its is a bit odd walking into the building, however once you round that final corner and enter the main dining area it feels like u are tranaported to a place on the east coast due to the exposed brick and minimal decor. I loved it.The staff was absolutely wonderful.  They were very attentive and even gave my son and nephew free cookies while we waited for our food to be prepared. I can't say enough good things about this place. I will definitely be back.
4	The food was great. I ordered the oxtail and it was large. The rice and peas were authentic and stem veggies were good. My friend ordered the fish sandwich and that was good too. The only thing we did not like was the fried cornbread. It was look a hush puppy but not vey good. The wait staff was very attentive. The prices were good too. You should give it a try.
5	Great food at a new location.   Stop for some great Jamaican jerk chicken.    Have been here three time now and haven't need disappointed, first of all you have to park in the back, which isn't great until I found out this 80+ year old building is on Phoenix historic registry and is one of the first if not the first strip mall in the city. So, in the 1930's parking would have been in the front but when the widened the road 50+ years ago they must have stole the parking.    Had the Jerk Chicken again and it was better then ever.   Everything is fresh made and takes a little to make so you may want to call ahead if you're in a hurry for lunch.    602-441-4588, Be adventurous, the maze to get in worked out fine.
5	All I can say is, "Wow"!  I literally felt like I was on the shores of Jamaica sipping the best Bahama Mamas one could find stateside!  We enjoyed every bite of our feast of Jerk Chicken, Curry Goat, Plantains and Festivals!  And we experienced some of the most attentive and accommodating customer service one could ask for!  Two thumbs up!  They did a fantastic job representing the very best of what Jamaica has to offer!!  Will definitely return!!
1	Horrible!!!!!ordered a chicken ceasar on my lunch.... Took 20 min for a salad and when it came there is nothing but some nasty ass jerk chicken which consisted of all brown meat. Chickens have white meat and this salad consisted of only ONLY gross dark meat chicken. Yelp you let me down on this one , I was looking the previous place funky food which is STILL listed. DO NOT TRY!!!!!
2	Much nicer inside than expected, there is a menu of Caribbean dishes. The prices seemed a bit high for the neighborhood and portion size. My tilapia sandwich was small, and relied on the tartar sauce for most of the flavor. My side of fried plantains again consisted of just a few wedges and they were greasy and soft.At checkout my bill was wrong as they tried to bill me for the included side.I probblay will not be going back.
5	Fantastic Jamaican place right downtown across the street from where I work.  The jerk chicken was dry and loaded with ginger and allspice.  The sauce had great scotch bonnet peppers that had a sweet slow burn.  Fantastic rice and peas.  The coleslaw was jusy enough and not too wet.  AMAZING rum cake.  The mojitos were good and the live band was fun to dance to.  Kind of love it and not so sure it is good to have Appleton rum across the street from my work.
3	Wonderful location for a restaurant now that more businesses are opening on that section of Van Buren.  Nice decor inside, they cater to a diverse clientele.  There is a bar and two wide screens for the sports crowd, there are music nights for the outgoing crowd, and there is a connected space next door where they sell raiment.  What baffles me though is why there are so many employees in the restaurant.  Even with a full house, they wouldn't need that many on payroll.  The food is typical Jamaican.  The only thing on the menu that varies from day to day is the dessert.  And the desserts are always a surprise to the taste buds. Not much for a vegetarian.  Salad with iceberg lettuce (no thanks), steamed veggies (okay, but what do I eat them with?), or veggie stew which is quite tasty but all the coconut milk leaked out of the to go container.  Then there are the plantains that will cost you $3 for 4-5 small slices.And if you want fish, don't bother with the happy hour fish taco.  I got one bite (literally one bite) of fish crumbled up in the bottom of the shell and that was covered up with iceberg lettuce, tomato, and cheese.  Or for $9 how about a fish sandwich (breaded fish, onion, tomato, lettuce, mayo, bread) that comes with one side.It seems that oxtail and jerk chicken lovers would probably get more for their money at this restaurant.By the way, if you're taking out call in your order ahead of time because it takes them a while to ready it.
5	We had a very nice time at this establishment last Friday night, eating the good Caribbean food, drinking Jamaican beer, and listening to the Reggae bands brought back fond memories of the Bay Area Jamaican Dance Clubs. I can see the clientele has picked up quite nicely, with entire families to attractive single women dropping in to grab a Friday night dinner and hear the bands. The waitress staff was quick and very attentive, and I chuckled to myself about the standing room only in parts of the restaurant because of the visiting bands. They even have security watching over the parking lot. The Jam Rock Brewing Co. is evolving into a very enjoyable Caribbean restaurant and Reggae Club, and I look forward to the day when they hit full maturity in their craft. The music, the food, the beer, along with the ambiance had me bobbing my head to the beat while sharing a good time with my lovely wife. Respect...
5	This has been one of my favorite restaurants to go. The oxtail, curry goat and brown stew chicken!!!! I love them!!! These three items are a must try! You have to trust my taste cuz I eat everything. Of course lol I'm Chinese ;) oh well not trying to be funny, but give it a try. You won't forget!
5	Friendly and delicious. The delivery man actually came out during the flash flood. I ordered right before we recd the warnings.
5	I had the jerk pasta with chicken. Very spicy but REALLY GOOD! The customer service was stellar and the live music was really good!
5	Amazing food and service would recommend to everyone i know absolutely wonderful Will definitely be back thanks to my wells Fargo buddy Sean Curtis for the recommendation best Jamaican food I have ever had
5	First time here and am very satisfied with what I had. Ordered the Jerk wings and the flavor blew me away. The menu has great selection of Jamaican style cooking. Not too large of a menu makes choosing what you want easy. Great place to come after a concert. If I didn't have a late lunch, would have tried the Oxtail entree. Next time.
4	4 stars instead of 5 because just about everything was perfect but I absolutely could not get through more than 3 bites of anything with the Jerk sauce on it.  I'd give the food a 3 starts, that extra star is there because the ambiance is pretty damn neat :)My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch.  I ordered the stewed chicken meal with rice and peas and fried yams.  The fried yams were absolutely disgusting - honestly, one bite, my face screwed up.  Gave it another bite to ensure I didn't have a bad one - same face.  Boyfriend tries it: "Maybe we should try the Plantain next time instead" lol... I agree!  The stewed chicken was scrumptious!  I must say .. I think I like Jerk Hut's stewed chicken a little better.My boyfriend ordered the Curry goat dinner with festivals and rice and beans.  WE LOVED the curry goat.  Nice pieces of meat on the bones, in comparison to Jerk Hut - lots of bones in goat meals.  We also enjoyed the festivals a lot more than we did at Jerk Hut.
5	Great food, drinks, and reggae music playing. and always quiet . Would love to see live  reggae music
