3	Crisp has had the right idea for a while - crisp (for lack of a better word) greens, fresh vegetables and other salad yummies, cooked to order proteins, and a selection of dressings you wish you had in your fridge. Want to pick out exactly what goes on your salad? No problem. Feeling less creative but still want something super tasty? Choose from the awesome menu. So opening a second location would seem kind of a no-brainer. (And thanks for putting it a stone's throw away from my house in the Outback strip... a few doors down from Thai Thai)if you've been to the Elizabeth location think slightly smaller seating area, same earth tones inside, same menu, larger parking lot, no bar seating, no cute patio, and not as good people watching (it's kind of at an odd part of the strip).  If you've never been to Crisp, you're in for huge salad portions, some soup and sandwich options, and a fairly casual environment where you can eat and go fairly quickly or take your time and maybe eventually get to the bottom of your salad bowl. I enjoy the atmosphere of the other Crisp more, it's a little bit more bustling, a little less sterile feeling - but this location still cranks out tasty salads and I see myself stopping in again in the near future. The only note is I don't think the employees have figured out the acoustics of the place just yet, although there were about four tables eating and conversing it all seemed to be drowned out by gossip and "omg"s &"totally"s coming from behind the counter and beyond. Also, they update daily specials through their facebook https://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Crisp-Charlotte/132401990164787
4	A fresh, healthy salad from Crisp is just what the doctor ordered for those "oh my God I've been eating cheesecake for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for a week" moments.  Don't pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about...Both locations are identical in taste and quality.  The service is super quick and friendly.  You can create your own salad with a choice of lettuce, protein, and 5 toppings.  Several of the salads that are on the menu I really enjoy.  The grilled salmon with pesto drizzle is outstanding.  I also enjoy the BBQ chicken salad if I'm feeling crazy.  I've never had any of the sandwiches or pizzas, but I can almost bet they are pretty great!  The 7th Street location is more spacious but the food in my opinion is the same!
5	I love this new location of Crisp.  Easy in-and-out for take-out, or pop in for lunch.  I've been two times in the past couple weeks, and each time, the service is fast and efficient, and the order is perfectly right. I won't bore you with the details, because this one is almost the same as the 7th street location...but I will say this for anybody who hasn't been before: Fresh ingredients (several types of salad greens to choose from and lots of toppings), big portions (never, never do I finish a whole salad, maybe 3/4ths at best) and yes, a bit more expensive than a salad you'd get at the salad bar.  The grilled shrimp custom salad I buy is usually $12 with unsweetened iced tea...but I don't mind paying the price for the selection and freshness.  I always get an extra crisp bread to go with my salad for crunch. Oh, and I totally agree with Stephanie K.  It's my go-to place for detoxing after a 12 course heavy meal :-) It just makes your body feel better :-)
4	Too me, its a little expensive for a salad place, BUT the salads are great there.  They have the freshest ingredients and really good salads to choose from or you can build your own.
4	It's great to see another Crisp location...this one tucked away in Dilworth next to Charlotte Running Company. If you like fresh salads and sandwiches, then you'll likely dig Crisp. The setup is similar to the 7th St spot..walk up to the pristine counter and place your order. The friendly employee will call out to have your choice of protein created while he/she fixes up your salad. The interior is low key and slick, albeit smaller than the other location. Regardless, the food comes out super quickly and, of course, freshly! I favor the Cobb salad as well as the Asian Shrimp salad. The Cobb is full of flavor and that dressing is to die for. While the Asian Shrimp salad is stuffed with plenty of fresh baby spinach, tasty grilled shrimp, Chinese noodles and such, the soy ginger dressing is pretty weak. Also, if you see brownies near the register...grab one! They are fan-freakin'-tastic.
5	Loving a Crisp location in Dilworth!  I've already been twice, and loved each visit- great fresh ingredients for my 'build my own' salad, and the Chicken Bruschetta wrap was DELISH!  Its a great option for a quick and healthy lunch/dinner option, and the portions are large- one salad feeds me a dinner and lunch the next day!Friendly service, clean and a great location.  I will be back for sure
4	Just like its original sister restaurant in Elizabeth, this second location for Crisp offers the same menu of fresh made salads, soups, and sandwiches, prepared to order as you wait.  When looking for something on the lighter side, Crisp remains an excellent option.The new location sports the same modern feel with muted tones of green and brown throughout the space, along with wooden vine accents neatly tucked into a few places.  As with the original, you walk in the door here and go right to the counter to order, where you can watch your salad come together in less than two minutes.  Specials of the day are prominently posted and many are worth a try.  For orders that require a bout more prep, servers will bring your order to your table.  Servers will also clear your table for you once you leave.  Tipping is actively encouraged, though you will still need to get your own drink and refills.Prices here appear unchanged, and remain just a tad high, in my opinion, for what you get.  Still, there is no arguing with the freshness and emphasis on quality vegetables, fruits and nuts to enhance the dish.  Certainly makes the burrito and burger shops look like that fat slob of a cousin you only claim on holidays.  You, meanwhile, can run around lean and trim, knowing you didn't kill your calorie count for the day over a single meal.
5	The line was long but it went fast and I was relieved to get a large fresh salad of mixed greens and grilled chicken.  Sometimes it's hard to find such a simple thing during the lunch rush but they did a great job.  I'm glad they just moved in!
1	I expected an energetic friendly staff when I visited this restaurant as it is new.  Instead the staff was rude and lazy.  I will not go back!!!
4	I'm impressed and I'll be back. :)I pass Crisp on a regular basis and decided to stop in for a late lunch, a good decision! I was over whelmed by the salads on the menu and the options for building my own...so I decided to try the Akropolis salad on their menu. When I have more time I'll be back to build my own. Everything looked (and tasted) super fresh, the decor was modern and chic, and the staff were very friendly. Well done!
4	Dion L. & I popped in here last night for dinner, as I hadn't been to this location yet. I love Crisp's 7th Street location, so I knew I wasn't going to be disappointed.Walking in, the music was pumping some club feel jams...it could have been "Club Crisp" for the night!  It was 7 PM & there wasn't much customer traffic, so we were able to walk right in & place our orders.We were cheerfully greeted by our salad maker & he was friendly & happy. He prepared my custom made shrimp salad with quickness & another pleasant employee brought it out to us.  I have to echo a lot of what everyone else said about this location.  Ironically, it seems just about the same size as the 7th Street location.
5	I'm a huge fan of Crisp for their create-your-own salads, light menu and quick & friendly service. This is definitely the place to go for a tasty and healthy lunch if you're in the Dilworth area. Crisp is like a cafe in which you order your food from the counter at the back of the store and then have your food brought to you. I've only been to this location twice but I will say that the last time that I went the lady who cashed me out at the register was the friendliest person I have been helped by in a very long time. I did not catch her name but she definitely made my day a bit brighter. :)
5	Crisp is amazeballs. Fantastic, healthy salads at reasonable prices. Emphasis on the healthy part because a lot of "salad" places drench their romaine-based salads in a heavily oil or cream-based dressing. Not so with Crisp, where you can select from a large variety of veggies with a light dressing on a spinach base. Also, the meat is fresh-grilled: my salad came out with the seasoned halibut still steaming. Om nom nom.
4	Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of many fruits and veggies.  For that reason, I find it hard to eat salads, particularly pre-made ones.  With that being said, I am actually a big fan of Crisp.  I like the fact that I can design my own salad and pick and choose what I want on it...and the salads are very good.  Two salads usually cost us around $20, which isn't bad because they have freshly made "protein" and are pretty big.
5	I stop in here about once a week for a salad for lunch. I almost always get the FCN (Fruit, cheese, nut). I stop here so often because the salads are always fresh, the service is always friendly and quick, and I don't have to wait. Keep it up!
5	I'm updating an old review because  I've been to Crisp a dozen times in the last couple months (we live 20 miles away) and I can't get enough. I've customized my salad a couple times which was great., but I stumbled upon their Salmon Salad with Pesto and have been IMPRESSED.  It's delicious.  They cook the meat to order so you get a fresh salad with excellent ingredients topped with salmon and pesto that just came off the grill.
5	Went here with some fellow yogis as we wanted a healthy lunch and this is right up my alley!  They have a wide variety of salads on their menu and they have a make your own salad option with lots of fresh ingredients and it's reasonable price-wise.  The salads are enormous too.  They have sandwiches which looked good as well.  Small space, but there was plenty of room for the 6 of us on a Sun at noon.  Went to the Dilworth location.  Friendly service as well. Will def go back!
3	I have to bring some balance to this place that is HIGHLY overrated!!!  C'mon folks!!  Ok, ok...I will cut everyone some slack.  I think this is one of the only "create your own salad" places in Charlotte so the idea seems fresh and new and exciting and I have to believe emotions are running high.I absolutely love the concept of Crisp and when done right you can create a salad masterpiece.  I just don't think Crisp is "all that."  They had some decent toppings to add to your salad but most of them didn't look very fresh and the variety wasn't that great!The part that truly marked my rating down was the chicken that I added to the top of my salad.  They don't have it pre-prepared so if you order chicken there is a cook standing by waiting to grill it or do whatever to it.  They pulled this breast of chicken out of some random plastic bucket and started to grill it right away and then slapped it on top of my salad.  It wasn't marinated, it wasn't cooked through, it was absolutely disgusting.  It didn't even have a hint of salt on it and it was rubbery.  I mean, it ruined my otherwise decent salad.I didn't think the teeny boppers working there were very friendly and I'm sure I wasn't when I used to work in food service at that age but it still took something away from the experience.  They were like pushing each other and laughing at who was going to get "stuck" making the salad because none of them wanted to do anything....ahh the youth of today....but that's a whole other story.All in all, Crisp is a great idea and has some great menu items...I would avoid their chicken like the plague unless you tell them to drench it in flavor somehow and I personally wouldn't go out of my way to return.  Clearly, that's just me though.  :)
5	I'm new to Charlotte and I am glad this place is a few blocks down my street. The Flank Steak sandwich with side salad was really good. I would definitely come back to try the salads (they look tasty)
4	Pretty good food, the pasta salad was ok - but for pasta salad it was a pretty good portion. Doesn't seem to be a ton of parking, but overall a nice lunch spot. Wish I could give a half star for the music they were playing all of my favorites!! Think Amy Winehouse Pandora station.. not sure if my visit was the norm but I thoroughly enjoyed it!  I plan  on trying a salad the next time.
3	Been here a few times now, quality is inconsistent.  1st time, Wednesday lunch {( 4 star )}I had the steak salad - one of the best salads I've ever had.  Got me to come back.Crostini was meh.  But who cares, I was paying for a great salad!=======================2nd time was a Sunday at lunch... {( 3 star )}This time I had the salmon salad.  Not so lucky. Salmon was cooked well (needed salt) but the flavors didn't go we'll together.  The kalamata olives are good but overpowered the fish.   The dressing was oilier than flavorful which was a turn off. I won't be getting the salmon again but will be back to try a shrimp and chicken dish. Now, my wife (vegetarian) on the other hand got the acropolis (Greek salad) and loved it.  She already has her next 4 meals here planned. The salad prep guy needs a little better memory; he had to ask me and my wife twice (each), only about 45 seconds apart.   He was a little hard to hear, had to ask him to repeat himself. Friendly enough service, a little reserved. =======================3rd time, not as good as previous visits {( 2 star... :(  )}Chicken was bland (like another user experienced) and was closer to fast-food quality.  Dressing wasn't mixed well again - to the point I decided to say something.  The cashier got me more dressing but had shaken the dressing bottle well - it was much better then.  Not sure why a cashier could do it properly when the line "chef" wouldn't.   I'll go back to try the shrimp or if my wife wants to go, but the last two visits haven't been impressive.
3	Crisp is solid. My issue with paying $10 for a salad is it is something that I can make at home with fresh produce for half the price. But, something always seems a bit more delicious when someone else makes it for you, am I right?I have been to the Elizabeth location a couple times for carry out, this was my first trip to the Dilworth location. It was packed with the lunch rush, but the line moved pretty quickly and we were able to cram into a table to eat lunch. I do like the build your own option, but I do agree with previous reviewers that the toppings are pretty standard and nothing out of the ordinary. They generally seem fresh (except a funky taste to my apple slices today). I got the flank steak on top, which was cooked to the temperature I ordered (hooray!). So I do like that the meat is not pre cooked and it is something that they do when you ask for it.I also like the portion, it is HUGE and I get at least 2 servings (if not three if I'm taking the side salad approach) so that is sometimes how I can justify a $10. Not a place that I will go to all the time, but definitely a reliable stand by when I crave a salad and am too lazy to make it myself.
4	Love.  Huge portion.  Create your own or go with their suggestions.  BBQ chicken is my current fave.  A little on the steep side financially, but you may be able to make it into 2 meals.  The layout of the restaurant is not conducive to take out orders.  You wait in line with others, regardless of dining in or taking out, place your order, pay at the register, but then there's nowhere to sit/stand to wait for your order.  You are either standing in top of staff blocking their path to and from the kitchen, standing in front of the tea/lemonade stand, or forcing diners to stare at your butt/junk while you stand right next to their tables waiting for your food.  I'm not sure what the answer is besides removing an interior table, but we all know that's not going to fly.I'm not sure the toasted baguette slice adds any value.  Bland.  I like it conceptually, but they can do better.
5	What I love about Crisp is that the staff is pleasant and helpful every time I visit.  What is even better about this restaurant concept is that you get the type of salad you want with the items you prefer.  This makes for a pretty big salad that tastes just the way you like it!  This is exactly what I get when I visit and I love that I can experiment with different fixins'.  The process is, select a green, select a protein (chicken, shrimp, tofu...), select 5 toppings, then select your dressing.  You can't miss because it is what you make it!  They have a nice, but small selection of wine and beer is also available.  On my last visit, we enjoyed the Sangria.  We got a decanter full for $10 and it was plenty!  In addition to the good food, Crisp is typically not crowded if we go in the early evening, so there's no wait to fill your crying "feed me" stomach!
4	I enjoyed the BLT with turkey. A large sandwich with amazingly cooked bacon & a great aioli, which added a special flavor to the sandwich. I chose the pasta salad as my side and it was god, not great. The location is great, but the inside is a little dark & quiet for my liking, but the service was nice.
4	The apple cider vinagerette dressing is my absolute favorite! My only complaint is it's a little pricey. But when you factor in the convenience of it being close to home and the taste, still gets 4 stars in my book.
4	Crisp is a solid place to get a very healthy salad.In the world of heavy meat and greasy diets, I can see myself hitting this place a couple times a week. I can't always working out as much as I like to but I know I can at least eat healthy!It is a huge portion but it is very good for what it is. The shop is  a bit small but they do very well for the space they have. I would make sure you know what you want BEFORE You get in line otherwise you might get passed by. I understand since this is a pretty popular place.This place is dog friendly
5	SOOO GOOD!! Delicious, hand-crafted, cooked to order & perfection! This place is quite amazing. They have every kind of topping and combination of salad you could think of - as well as creating your own if you don't see something you like on their board. A little on the spendy side if you're looking for a regular salad, but these are more gourmet salads - not a subway salad.The service is very quick and friendly, you walk in and head to the counter - watch them put everything together - cook, chop & toss it all the way you want! *Best tip about this place - the size of one salad can really feed 2 people - or take home the other half for another meal : )
4	Met a friend for lunch here- it was the first time for both of us.  They have a variety of salads and sandwiches on the menu to choose from or you can even "make you own" salad from an assortment of fresh looking ingredients.  I went with the F.C. N.  (fruit, cheese. nut) salad. After seeing how large it is, we decided to split one! The salad was good, loved the ingredients! They serve the salad with a piece of bread, it was very hard so I am assuming it was suppose to serve as a large crouton...? When you walk in, you order at the front, pay, then they bring you your meal to a seat of you choice when it is ready- no waiter service here.  The staff was friendly and helpful. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the mood for a tasty salad.
4	We've lived here three weeks and have eaten here four times. The salads are fresh and inventive. My personal fav is the salmon with pesto. The soups and chili are also excellent. The service is friendly and pretty quick considering they're cooking the protein to order. Love this place.
5	Perfect for Sunday lunch. They served our family of 8 adults with ease.  Orders were perfect and served quickly.  Food was excellent, fresh, and very tasty!
1	Echoing a previous review: the Crisp website says they are open until 9pm every day. I showed up at 7:30 on a Sunday and they were closed. How hard is it to update their website with accurate hours? Very unlikely I'll be returning...
5	Delicious! My go-to for a healthy lunch since I work nearby. I've tried a sandwich and it was good, but I usually get a salad since they're so tasty. It really is fresh too. They put together your salad ingredients and grill your protein as you order. No pre-made salads here.
3	The atmosphere is great, a place you can truly go to alone eat and not feel like a loser. The service is good but nothing to rave about... The food is not great... They ask you how you want your steak prepared, I ask for it medium and always end up with it well done... I still come here on a semi regular basis because it's good I just wish the passion was here to make it great.
4	4 stars for emotional value -- so glad to have found a "make-your-own" salad place here in Charlotte!!!! But I wish they had more variety in toppings -- they didn't have fresh onions or beets. AND 5 toppings are kind of slim -- I'm used to getting 7 toppings standard back home. Can't really do much with 5 toppings. BUT... YAY FOR SALAD!!
4	Fresh Salads and Sandwiches.This location is always packed around lunch time - so plan on a line. I am not a fan of the "order your food, find a seat" style places like Chipotle and Baja Fresh etc. because I hate not being able to get a table once I have my food, but there is usually a quick turn-around here, people don't tend to linger since by nature of the food, they are probably in a hurry if they popped in here for lunch.I like the asian salad the best.Small outdoor patio.The bad thing is the line and the limited space. It can feel a little stuffy at times.
5	Great food.  Very healthy salads.  The sandwich and salad combos are great!  The best thing to have before a movie or concert....if you are looking for a great hand made special pizza....try the Chicken Pesto!!! Awesome.  Service is always magnificent!
3	It's hard to do salads right in a restaurant.  Crisp understands salads and the importance of fresh ingredients.  I wanted to give 3 1/2 stars and with a few tweaks, they could make it to within striking distance of 4 stars.My daughter and her husband took my wife and I to Crisp for lunch, so I got to check out 4 different menu items. Service was fast and the food was delivered with a smile. Only one small mix-up but not even worth mentioning here.I had the cobb salad and it was OK. The chicken breast on top was hot and literally steaming. Very moist but not much flavor going on. A lightly seasoned boneless/skinless chicken breast doesn't bring much to the party, but it was cooked well. Lettuce was crisp and fresh and the blue cheese was very good.  The bacon was too thick and kind of hard to eat. not crisp and tender at all.The wife had the marinated shrimp salad, and it was to me, the best thing on the table. Asian dressing was fantastic, the shrimp were flavorful and perfectly cooked. Lots of spinach, almonds, crispy noodles, red peppers and Asian pear slices.My Daughter had the flank steak sandwich. While the bread was good and the steak was very flavorful the sandwich was lacking a certain "zing"  The steak was a little tough.  I know that flank steak can be tough but the way you slice it makes a lot of difference.Son-in-Law had the BLT wrap and pasta salad. It looked great, stuffed full of bacon, lettuce and bright red tomatoes. He said it was really good, and I would probably consider trying it in the future.The space was just OK, nothing special and it got a little crowded. The drink area is right beside where you pay and I bumped into two people getting drinks.  I would like it if they had organic options or used ingredients from local farms.All in all Crisp is a welcome fresh alternative to most fast food lunch options and it is refreshing to have a restaurant salad at an establishment that understands how to make one.
5	First off....I can't believe I just got around to trying this place!!!! The staff is super friendly, they are quick/efficient, and my salad was absolutely delicious!!! Did I mention I came back the same week?!!!! A must try and I will be back soon. I ordered the FCN...new favorite salad :-)
5	Great quick salad spot. Similar to sweet greens in DC or NYC. Fresh grilled steak and other ingredients make the spot awesome. This is my go to lunch spot for a healthy meal.
4	Crisp is pretty solid when you're craving a salad. They have tons of variety to choose from and ingredients to appeal to anyone. I enjoy adding crumbled blue cheese and their roasted red peppers along with steak and spinach to my salad. It is made to order so the steak takes time to cook. It's not sitting there in a container. If you go for lunch be prepared for a huge line and difficulty finding seating. The prices are a little up there, but it's appetizing nonetheless.
4	This is the place to go when you have a salad craving.  I really like that you can personalize your salad to your liking.  I haven't been disappointed yet.
3	Good salads. Close to home. Guy who takes the order and makes the salad is a massive jerk. Every time.  Everyone else is pleasant. Will come back as the product is great and no good alternative. But hate hate hate dealing with that guy.
5	This place is the best! I eat here at least twice a week. I enjoy making up my own salads but have tried a few of their creations and they are so good! My faves are the BBQ chicken, Grilled Salmon, and the Steak salads. Not in the mood for salads? They also have sandwiches and daily soups... Probably my favorite place right now!
3	This's restaurant specializes in salads and you can chose from their array of ready designed salads or build your own. Simple, delicious and quick with ample portions. I would have given it another star, but I entered from the parking lot in back and the sights and smells of the back hallway with open doors to the storage rooms and scullery were unappetizing & kind of garbage smelling. Those doors should really be closed. Once you get past that to the dining room it looks & smells fine. I would eat here again
5	Lots of great options for your salad.. The shrimp protein option is incredible and so flavorful. Prices aren't cheap, but for $10 I get a huuuuge (seriously, enormous) salad with 5 toppings and shrimp which I think is reasonable for the quality of food that you get. Definitely worth the money. Love this place.
