4	I stopped in for the open house tonight. It was a very nicely done opening event. Lots of raffles and friendly staff. I've done a sample class at the paradise valley location and it was intense and fun!  I'd consider joining soon!
3	I purchased a monthly unlimited membership (they also have pay-as-you-go or pre-paid punch card options) and so far it's been two weeks. For new members that are a little out of shape such as myself they recommend coming 3-4 times per week. The first week was really tough. I was very sore and had to push myself to come in 3 times. The next week was a lot easier because I didn't get as sore. However, I am still having a hard time getting my heart rate up into the orange zone. I was told by one of the trainers that it may take a while but that seems counter intuitive to me since if I am so out of shape then my resting heart rate should be higher than other, more lean individuals. Right? Your heart rate monitor is hooked up to their system and you can see it on the flat screen tvs in the room so you know when you should be pushing yourself harder. It can be a little distracting but it is also a good motivator and really that is key to their whole formula. They want you to stay in the green zone for most of your workout which is the optimal fat burning range but then for 12-20 minutes you should be in the orange zone which is 84 percent of your max heart rate or higher. This is what gets the EPOC or "afterburn" to kick in. I don't really understand the science of it but I think the idea is that your body is pushed so hard that it continues to burn calories for several hours after your workout as it recovers.I didn't think you could get a good workout from a treadmill but you really can with this program. It is basically interval training but the trainers come up with different programs on different days in terms of the number of minutes you spend in your "base" level vs "push" vs "all-out". I also like the fact that if you are not a runner you can simply raise the incline level to make it harder for yourself instead of going at a faster pace. The treadmill is only half the equation, the other half of the class you are doing circuit training running back and forth between rowing machine and weight area. They have hand weights, bosu balls, kettlebells, medicine balls, and those TRX straps connected to the wall where you use your own body weight for resistance. Every time has been a different combination of exercises so if you do come regularly then you are working a lot of different muscle groups. The trainers are pretty good about showing modifications to the exercises for those with less muscle mass. Other than that, you don't get quite as much attention as you would with a personal trainer. But they do still offer a lot of encouragement and they will come over and help if your form is not right. They usually will stay after class to answer questions and provide additional coaching but sometimes this doesn't really work if there are back-to-back classes scheduled. The nice thing is that you get an email with your results from the workout in terms of how much time you spent in each heart rate zone so you can track those results yourself.So far I haven't lost any weight but I said I would give it a month so we what happens in the next couple weeks. My main goal for joining was just to get in better shape and I can definitely see that Orange Theory is a great way to accomplish that since you are getting cardio and strength training in one workout (they also do some stretching at the end but not much). I am a big fan of group exercise classes in general so I already know that working out in a group and on a regular schedule is what motivates me and keeps me on track. For someone used to working out on their own, that might be a hard adjustment. One good thing is that they do let you try out a class for free just to see what it's like. There is no commitment to try it but they will hit you with a hard sell at the end of class so just watch out for that.
5	This gym is awesome! They have friendly staff members and even the members are nice. The gyms super clean, and the music is way better then any gym I've been in. I thought I would do horrible seeing how I haven't worked out in years, but the trainers were awesome with their instructions and gave me a amazing workout!! I'll be back!!!!!
3	It's a good concept, circuit training.  It's go-go-go from the beginning so if you're not in great shape then this will be an eye opener.  We did 6 sets of 4 reps lasting about 3-4 min each throughout the 1 hr we did. Liked: TV monitors tracking your heart rate and the trainer was really niceDon't like: that you're constantly comparing yourself to others, and it can be distracting as you're trying to figure out if you're in the "zone".  Which is not really a big dislike......I had a free class at 6:30am and it was packed on a Saturday morning with just one guy, about 15 people.  The gym itself is small and confortable feeling, and orange is the color which is vibrant and inviting.  They had a few things for sale but a little expensive.  The program itself I think is too expensive, but I think it can work for people who like to do different things in their workout instead of just sitting at one station the whole time.  Good luck.
2	Ok, I quit after just 5 months. I am choosing not to look at it as a failure on my part but just that this wasn't the right place for me. The workouts are pretty intense and despite what they told me when I was being pressured to sign up, they really don't offer any individual attention or suggestions for modification. They expect everyone to be able to perform at the same level and that is just not realistic. I think this is a great option for someone who is already pretty fit but has reached a plateau and needs to up the intensity level. For someone like me who is pretty out of shape, it was almost counter productive. By that I mean that if you work out to your breaking point where you can't even breath then afterwards you are probably going to overeat and then the next day you will be so sore and stiff that you will avoid activity. I had previously been trying to build more activity into my daily life by taking the stairs, parking further away, walking at lunch, etc but while doing orange I couldn't do any of those things because I was so exhausted and sore and just wanted to crawl into a ball the day after a workout and the day before a workout I had such a horrible sense of dread. I just really hated going there. But hey, that's just me. I hate working out anyway. My new philosophy is to focus more on what I am eating and to find ways of working out that I actually enjoy so that I will stick with them and be more consistent.Pros:+ This place made me realize just how out of shape I really am+ I learned to focus more on my heart rate during exercise (I have since done a metabolic test to find out what my actual target hear rate should be, something they don't do there at Orange Theory).+ I learned I need to incorporate strength training into my workouts.Cons:+ Way too much pressure to sign up and they make it difficult to quit. Plus they continue to charge you for another month after you quit (this was definitely not what they told me when I signed up).+ Misleading information given about what is really involved in the program and they are not forthcoming about the different pricing options. They just steer everyone to the most expensive plan.+ Everything costs extra: strap for heart rate monitor, towels, weight loss contests.+ $10 fee if you miss classOh, wow, I can't believe I almost forgot to tell you about the $10 fee if you miss a class. This is the most ridiculous thing ever. I suppose you could look at it as an incentive but I mean sometimes you just don't have control over traffic, family, etc and you simply can't make it. So every time you don't go you have to pay ten bucks. That is just outrageous! Very, very devious business practice and completely unnecessary. There were plenty of times when the class was over filled but they found a way to make it work. And there were plenty of times when the class was totally empty and they still had class anyway.
5	I absolutely LOVE Orangetheory. I've been going for almost 2 weeks now and I'm already down 6 pounds and over 1% body fat. I had been plateauing for a couple weeks but with my wedding coming up in a little less than a month, I knew I didn't have time for that and that's when a good friend of mine introduced me to Orangetheory. Everyone there has been absolutely fantastic! By my second class, almost every trainer, including the studio manager, knew my name and greeted me by name when I walked in the door. I instantly felt comfortable there which I feel like not many people can say about gyms. The trainers have been very encouraging each time I'm in there and the workouts are incredible. It has completely taken my fitness to the next level and it's safe to say that I'm addicted. They offer free consultations with a new membership and I did mine with Matt. He provided me with a meal plan (one that I was already pretty much following but the gesture was awesome), did my measurements, body fat percentage, and showed me exercises to help target the areas I was trying to focus on. He even offered to switch up and modify things for me during class knowing what my goals were, and share that with the other trainers there knowing I wouldn't always be in his class. I don't know any group fitness class, instructor, or gym that would do something like that! Orangetheory has completely transformed how I look at my workouts and the science behind it is fascinating, not to mention it really works. I LOVE IT!
3	Good work out, great staff (a bit douchey), and clean facility - but even with all that I just can't justify the price. I went for my first class tonight with a friend of mine and at the end, they sure do lay it on hard. They corral the newbies like cattle and then try to convince you that $89/month is reasonable. Cool place, great theory, but the price just doesn't match what you get.
5	I have tried many different exercise  formats but OTF is by far my favorite.  Every day is different, challenging and just plain sweaty greatness.  All of the trainers and staff have a passion for fitness and everyone regardless of age, sex or fitness level is welcome.  There is friendly competition but always in a supportive non threatening way.  The trainers take the time to get to know you and find the best way to motivate you.
5	I'm obsessed!!! I've been coming to this location for five months now and every time it gets better. There are two sides to this: the business model itself and then the trainers. The business is great and as with anything, you get what you put in. I've gotten amazing results, using the online scheduling and booking in advance. Even when I call in for a last minutes class, they're helpful in getting me in. I've never done the same workout twice and feel fortunate to have this personal group training model in a place I can get to. Driving from North Scottsdale where I work to Gilbert where I live is a nightmare during traffic, so this location breaks that up for me. The workout is a great way to end my work day and to get out of traffic for a bit. Then there is the staff. I've been to a few different locations now, but these guys are amazing. Every trainer I've worked with has been attentive to my shoulder injury and offers modifications when necessary. They are motivational. They remember me. The sales associates are always friendly and helpful. I've always struggled with gyms because of how people might be perceiving me. Never here. The staff at OTF Tempe care and want to do right by me and my goals. I feel really lucky to have found this place.
5	These coaches are so motivating and drive you to work hard! No matter what level your fitness is at, you will get an amazing workout. Worth it.
5	I attended an Orangetheory Fitness class for the first time this evening. A new gym is opening near me in Old Town Scottsdale so I decided to take the plunge. I was very impressed with the knowledge the staff had about the benefits of different workout techniques and their knowledge of the company's history.  The center is clean and organized, the staff is friendly, and the personal trainers are encouraging without being drill sergeants. I found it to be very motivating to see my heart rate displayed on the screen, knowing when I was in the "orange zone", and having my total calorie burn calculated. My workout was challenging in a great way. I sweated more than I ever have during my workouts at my regular gym. The workouts can be modified for people of all different fitness levels. You are really competing against yourself and will get out what you put in. Even the members were friendly. I can see how the members become sort of a family when you regularly workout with the same group of people. The best part is knowing I will have access to the equipment during my workout unlike traditional gyms which are sometimes overcrowded. I'm excited to see how I feel in the morning and will definitely be back for more. If you're ready to get back in shape on a great workout plan, come join me. I recommend Orangetheory Fitness to everyone.
