4	This is in a strip mall next  to a Borders bookstore so if you have teens who do not like housewares & the like, schlep them over there so you can peruse all the fun, unusual, or don't-need-it but it's there stuff.  If you don't like your gadget-y purchase for any reason, you can return it with no time limit, even though you used that candle or whatever.   The worst you get is a store credit to try out some newfangled doo dad.
4	i go here for all of my homey needs. from the kitchen, to the bathroom, to the bedroom, to the living room, and even storage, bed bath and beyond really does have it all. i have also found great gifts here. thank you bed bath and beyond for being so affordable, fulfilling all my home needs, and for being 5 minutes away from my home.
3	This place has a ton of stuff but you really have to hunt and peck as it is not always organized well.  Also the aisles are difficult to navigate because, well, there is just so much stuff!  Use a cart at your own risk.The bedding is hit or miss, which is sad for a store with the word "bed" in the title.  I've gotten better sheets from Target.  But I did get an excellent pillow here.  Granted, it cost $60 before my 20% coupon... but still, my pillow rocks!Do not, I repeat, do not enter this store without a coupon.  You are a sucker if you do because the place is overpriced for this exact reason.  BB&B constantly mails out coupons and they are also posted online.  Just search Google and make sure you print the one that is intended for online use, like this one - http://i56.tinypic.com/1198k0g.jpg
5	I can't believe I'm reviewing BBB on yelp but I had to give this store a huge shout out for your absolutely incredible service.  A client was registered here so I went in on a busy Saturday, coupon in hand, to pick up a wedding gift off her registry.  I called in advance to be sure my coupon was cool and when I came in marched direct to customer service.  The clerk looked up my registry and summoned someone to walk me over to find the item, saving me time and hassle. The person helping me suggested accessories for the item and offered to help me select them. They gift wrapped my item beautifully as well.  When I vetoed a gift bag they wrapped it in a box with a lovely ribbon.  I was in and out in about 15 minutes.  Wow!  I will definitely be back at this store.
4	The Poormans Brookstone! That is the most apt and best description of BB&B I can think of, and although I didn't come up with it, if you never hear it from anyone else feel free to attribute that description to me!BB&B has the rare ability to make even me, a person who thinks almost all products are crap, want practically every single item I see in the store!Like any store they have stuff that is over priced and not really worth purchasing there. But if you're going to BB&B to buy sheets, you either don't have a price point issue, or you've not learned the secret that is Ross or Marshalls. I only go to BB&B for the &B and that's where they win at life. Desklamp with plastic attachment that can hold tons of crap and help me be more organized? Awesome! Hideway under the bed storage bins? Great idea! The only complaint I've ever had about BB&B is that they can't have in store at least 1 of everything they have in the catalog :( I have to see it in person. A catalog only is just too risky!
3	This place still has lots of great items. A few things in their store are a bit unorganized but it wasn't too bad.  They definitely have a great selection of specialty items and although the store wasn't crowded, there were several customers there and people were buying several things.  Although I didn't purchase much today, there were many things I saw that I would love to buy and their prices weren't too bad, just depends on what  you are looking for.  They were over priced by just a few dollars on some stuff but what you saw, you can't find anywhere else.I would definitely go back again anytime, and the employees throughout the store were very nice as well.
3	I always liked Linens&Things better, and really miss them.  The problem with all of these Pac-Mans, like BB&B, (those stores that gobble up the competition) is that if they don't have what you want, you're probably not gonna find it anywhere.  While BB&B has a decent selection of stuff, you're limited to just a couple of chosen brands in any given category.  Recently, they seem to have cut down slightly on the barrage of coupons that they send and include in circulars, which is a good thing.  I think I have a lifetime supply, but thankfully, they take expired coupons.  They also used to accept competitors' coupons, but there are no more competitors.  I don't count Anna's, since that's really low quality.  I can't imagine buying something there and NOT using a coup, but I've actually, and amazingly, seen it happen.I have a huge accumulation of stuff, so I don't need anything.  Mostly I go here if I need a gift, so I'm happy it exists.  But I still yearn for Linens&Things.
3	If I had been on Yelp back when I bought my house, I'd have easily been the duke of this place. I swear I was here every day. And I used to incessantly collect the "20% off one item" coupons and the "$5 off $15" coupons. Let's face it; the only way to make BB&B's prices reasonable is with some coupon strategery.It's a nice store with nice employees. I still enjoy randomly coming here because you never know what off deal you might find. And you never know if you might stumble upon the "Way Beyond" section.Overall, it's A-OK.
5	What a store! The atmosphere is one in a million. Yes, there may be a few stores with the name "Bed, Bath, and Beyond" but none like this one. The girl who helped me, Kyann was here name by the way, was so helpful. She was easy to talk to and listened to what I needed and made very smart suggestions. I guess you could call her my designer psychologist haha. Not only did she help me get what I want, but she also helped me order things I needed online. If there's anyone worth talking to at this place, it's her. She is a Bed, Bath and Beyond guru!
5	Love this store. A little over priced but with the coupons you can get great deals, they have so much stuff and the staff is always helpful!!!
4	I am really surprised I have not reviewed this place since I practically live there. Every time they send me that coupon I feel like I have to go and use it. =)They have pretty good prices here, especially if you are buying one item and using that coupon. They also sell all of that awesome junk ( as seen on TV). I love that stuff!The best thing about this store is the return policy. As long as you keep your receipt (If you don't have it, they can look it up on your credit card) you can bring the item back anytime you want. There is no time limit. This is the best policy around. No hassle at all.
3	I love this place. They have almost everything you need for your kitchen and bedroom. I can go broke if I stay here too long. They have little odds and ends you wouldn't think of buying. I guess their merchandising is working.
5	This place is like crack for homeowners. Around every turn is something you never knew you needed. Im convinced that at a subsonic level they are piping in a mantra with that elevator music....buy..buy BUY!!!!!! OMG its a luffa with a radio built in.....i cant live without this box of imported plastic doohickeys....I never knew how grand life could be if I could own this spatula set made from the wood of the ipe tree from south america....and wow look at all this stuff from china...glad i could support slave labor and get pleasure like ive never had....to sum it up...hide your cash and your credit cards when you come here to shop..your almost guranteed to walk out with a bag full of stuff you never knew you needed....
4	I find myself in this store about once a month to buy my Keurig K-cups.  This store falls into my category of items that would be cool to have but I don't really need. I like their selection of kitchen gadgets that would make my life easier but in reality I've been functioning fine without them.  They have a great selection of candles, picture frames, pretty much any decorative item you need for your home.  Bonus for carrying a large selection of As Seen on TV items.  I'm a big fan of their coupons and can't imagine why anyone would purchase anything their without using one.  I keep them in my car because I never know when I will be there and they don't ever expire and if you are buying five items you can utilize five coupons in your transaction. Also if there is something you find online that is not available in the store you are able to purchase the item in store without a shipping charge and it will be delivered to your house.
5	The manager Carl went way above and beyond the call of duty for customer service. My wife wanted a certain chair and they didn't have it in the store. They actually didn't have it anywhere in Las Vegas. He called all the stores in the surrounding states and had it shipped here at no cost!Thank you so much!!!
3	I needed to get some new dish towels and I decided to check here.  They had a fairly good selection but the prices were Triple B prices--too much.I walked around the store and looked at the other items they had.  You never know.  The store is about the same as it was when it first opened and I was getting things for our house.After a quick look around the store, I left and got some nice towels elsewhere at a reasonable price.I've always found the employees to be quite pleasant.
3	Bed Bath and Beyond, Ross and Marshalls all in a row.  Hard to pass up!I like BB&B primarily because it's is the only place I can get the coffee for my Keurig Rivo (which I love).  That being said, if it's household items you need, they probably have it!  The only thing that stops me from buying more is the price.  They are convenient but you can almost always buy the same thing elsewhere for less.My big pet peeve is getting hit in the face with fragrqances as I walk in the door.  They carry a lot of candles and scented items and while it might be pleasant smelling, it's overwhelming so I kind of hold my breath and quickly move through the smelliest areas to avoid a headache.
3	So this store has everything. I mean literally EVERYTHING. From bedding, to kitchenware to the Ped-Egg, they have it all. There were a ton of employees who were always asking if I was doing ok while I was walking around the store. Their prices are a little higher, but then they do have some things that are unique only to their store. I researched online before coming in and I had my eye on a specific body pillow. When I finally got to the pillow section, they had the body pillow I wanted, but that's it. Nothing else to compare it to. I asked an associate walking by if this was the only body pillow they had because I wanted to compare the one I wanted to others. He said that they had a sad selection of body pillows and that other customers had asked before for a bigger selection. He did reassure me that my choice was a good one and that it was soft but firm enough to support my body. I love that they send coupons in the mail, so it saved me $4. I bought the pillow and indeed, it is what I was looking for. I know I'll frequent BB&B only if I'm looking for a specific something.
3	I don't frequent Bed Bath & Beyond, mostly because they are overpriced and honestly home goods bore me to tears. On this occasion, I decided to give them a chance since I was killing time and got bored of my regular haunts in the area. The store is standard, like every other location I have ever been to. As I walked through the store, I was asked on no fewer than six instances if I needed help. Decent selection and if home goods are your thing, you'll likely have some fun.
