4	I was so happy with my purchases at another Bath & Body Works that I wanted to buy more. I went to this one because it's the closest one to me. This is a neighborhood store so it's not as big as the one at Meadows Mall. There was still a big selection and a lot more sale items here. There was no foot traffic so I received undivided attention. I was in and out of there in about 10 min or less because I couldn't make up my mind.
5	I felt like trying a different location today to meet different people. This location is pretty chill. It had one lady working the whole store. Which was fine since it's a pretty laid-back store. I also came here to treat myself. As I was about to take my morning shower, I realized I had no body wash. And I was certainly NOT gunna settle for those little travel size-hotel bottles, that my mom loves to collect either! So, I made a quick run. In any bath & body works it's always to treat yourself first. But the high energy in there just sets you up for the giving mood. I mean on top of that they ALWAYS have sales. Even if it's just a Wednesday in August. So, what I'm basically getting at, if I shall return to my story.. I got carried away and didn't just buy body wash. I got a body cream! And since it was "buy 2, get 1 free" I just had to grab my free other body wash.My favorite scents stand waiting for me under the Cuddlers collections. They're called Moonlight Path & my classic, all-time favorite; Black Raspberry Vanilla. And I don't get lotion, I get the body cream. It's more rich and thick. Which means using less and saving more! Plus the quality is much more luxurious (got that word from reading the back of the bottle in the shower). So, I'll be definitely coming back to this location more often.
5	I went here after experiencing some dreadful, bs experience from a different Bath & Body Works location at the Meadows Mall. Please check out my review at that store before reading this to understand what I went through today.I hoped and prayed this place will give me a better experience, because I seriously could not believe how I was treated for a return/exchange transaction at the other store location. I walked in and waited in line for the next cashier to assist me. Sharon greeted me with a smile and I told her what happened to me, but before I even said anything and told her I would like to do a return, she applied without any hesitation or hassle. After telling her.. the managers at the Meadows Mall told me I needed to bring Everything back to get a refund, so I went back home to get the last two lotions that I wanted to keep and one I already gave to my Mother as a gift. Sharon looked puzzled and told me.. why would they make you do that?!?!! No we don't do things that way... Now did you want to keep these two lotions? I said YES!!! One was actually a gift to my Mother and one for myself, since I liked it. I actually wanted to exchange the other two freebie lotions for the exact items I paid full price for to get the same value of each. She goes... you know what.. go ahead and pick the ones you wanted and we can do an even exchange. I told her.. Thank you so much.. You don't have any idea how much I appreciate your kind service and great attitude in helping guests in returns and exchanges. She goes.. You're so welcome.. go ahead and pick what you wanted and come back up and I'll take care of everything for you. Amazing right?!??!!? From some real sh*tty service to incredible, impeccable care... I felt so relieved and welcomed here. I picked out the same body cream and spray... bought it up to her and in less than a minute... everything was taken care of. She took back the two lotions from my previous purchase and exchanged them for what I wanted. I also bought the perfume with a $10 off coupon that my Mother received from shopping at the Forum Shop location. I asked her how she got that and she goes... I shopped there?!! I went home with 2 lotions, 2 body creams, and 2 body sprays. Happy. And the perfume with the awesome discount!!! Sharon even exchanged my bag and said these ones are nicer to hold your items in, since it won't move around as much. I had this huge paper bag that made my items scattered everywhere. Not only did she make things right, but convenient for me as well. Those two managers at the Meadows Mall NEED to be trained by Sharon in exceptional guest service. I will definitely shop at this location from now on. The Meadows Mall location needs a great deal of help in teaching their managers how to treat guests either they are buying, returning, or exchanging. We are there to support your store and shop. Sharon made a Huge difference in my experience with Bath & Body Works purchase and return. Thank you Sharon for the wonderful service and prompt exchange with my previous purchase. That lives up to their "We want you to love everything. If you're not happy, bring it back. 100% Guaranteed!" quote on the receipt.  If you want an hassle-free, quick easy any kind of transaction... go see Sharon at Boca Park. She's one great sales associate that knows what Guest Service is all about!!!
4	This is a great Bath & Body Works location compared to some of the others. The place is well lit and clean. It obviously smells wonderful as you walk in!There isn't usually too many people crowding this location unless it is around Holiday time.I do like the lotions but the soaps are my favorite! The "fresh ripened strawberry" is my favorite. They did discontinue the "fresh basil" but still have the "kitchen lemon" and "kitchen mandarin and fresh thyme". I also like the seasonal ones they come out with during Summer and Winter.This location offers all your B&BW needs and with ease. If you sign up for their e-mail list you can get great deals and coupons.
4	This place was nice and not overcrowded. the women that work there were extremely helpful, including telling me which items are the best deal now, which will be discontinued, which are returning and which will be on sale in just over a week for the semi-annual sale.  I love their lotions, especially the mango scents. The location is super convenient and the signage out front for the sales is very helpful!
1	Had a bad experience at this location. My mom loves bath and body works and brought her to this location for her "fix". I browsed around but realized that i needed to get something at the grocery next door. So i stepped out, leaving my mom to finish shopping. After getting my stuff from the grocery, i go back in to find my mom at the cashier and the cashier all of a sudden blurts "can i ask you a favor?", "next time, can you not step in and out because it counts against us". I was shocked by her statement and proceeded to tell her that i was just there to come back for my mom. I dont understand what the big deal is. Its not like we didn't buy anything, my mom bought $70 worth of stuff. Ive never been told not to step in and out of a store. I feel its my right as a consumer to be able to enter and exit a store at my discretion. It is not illegal. I would still buy bbw but never ever again at this location. She would never have to ever worry about me stepping out because im never stepping in this store again.
5	I've never had a bad experience at any BBW but this one is my favorite just based on convenience like a smaller parking lot then where I frequented before which was Boca Park, and it doesn't get crazy crowded on sale days like the other locations so everything is not picked over.   Store staff is friendly and it's organized.  What more could I ask for!
5	I have been a fan of this store for years but never thought of it as more than just liking the product itself.  I had the best experience with an associate Denise.  Not only was she helpul, she was sincere and smiled as if he truly enjoys her job and establishing relationships with her customers.  This particular store is out of my way but i will go back because of the customer service.  A+
1	Came to check out this location on a whim when I realized it was literally NEXT TO MY HOUSE! sweet deal, right? Unfortunately, it was not to be. :( I walked in, went straight to the lady working the register,  showed her a coupon that had been sent to me via email from bath and body works, and she said (with the condescending tone of an assistant manager, which she probably was- no regular employee would ever speak to a customer this way for fear of termination) that they don't accept those coupons because anyone can get them and that b&bw didn't send it.  Like I'm trying to steal lotion and pull a fast one. LOLOLOL Say what? It was in my inbox under "bath and body works", who the hell else sent it? Then she just walked away and disappeared behind some door, leaving me standing there in an empty store. Wtf?!? Did I steal her husband in a past life or something? Who is that RUDE? Sorry you were having a bad day, lady. Needless to say, I was extremely uncomfortable and, honestly, a little offended, not to mention pissed, and just walked out. I'll never come back. By the way, I went to Boca Park and used the coupon NO PROBLEM.
1	I love this store and their great deals! I knew living close to a B&BW was too good to be true.I always use coupons here and today I decided to use a coupon from groupon. I've used their coupons at this location and other before but this time, they wouldn't take it. Two cashiers looked at my coupon and said to each other the the code is valid but not sure how groupon got it. They told me that I wasn't able to use my  coupon because it was not valid. They said, "our coupons on groupon are fake." They only accept coupons from retailmenot.I've used coupons from groupon at this location and others before. That was really bad customer service.
