5	This was a big surprise! It's hidden on St-Marc street, north of de Maisonneuve, in the residential buidings of the sector. It seems to be a 'crappy' place by its look, but DAMN, those wonton and dumplings...AWESOME! My tastebuds were going crazy: I never tasted good, home-made wontons that tasted something else than paper or bland! And the home-made sweet cookies were received, at no extra cost....miam! I still salivating when I'm thinking about those. And the customer service was friendly, too.Definitely a place I'll go back A LOT when I'm downtown!
5	Really nice Taiwanese Food. Great Prices and so satified.
5	One of my favourite hidden gems. Mommas hand made noodles, I suggest home style beef or one of their soups. Payment is cash but you will smile as you close your bill.Food:  9/10Service:  8/10 - missing utensils, delayed service made me miss happy hourPrice:  7/10Atmosphere:  7/10 - TVs had nothing on, could of at least had the hockey game on mute
5	One of my favourite places to eat on a budget at this family restaurant. Cheap, good and homemade. You'll often see the grandmother chopping broccoli of cauliflower on her lap with a cleaver. Quite interesting to watch.Everything on the menu is a hit, although the homemade wonton soup with noodles is what keeps me coming back.
4	Very affordable Taiwanese place. I usually get a beef dumpling soup to start ($2.99! and has about 6 well-sized dumplings) followed by a cold noodle dish with spicy peanut sauce, julienned cucumbers and chicken. Pretty much everything is tasty, just takes some getting used to if you don't usually eat Taiwanese. I also like that every dish incorporates veggies (don't be surprised if you get steamed broccoli and carrots on your plate!). The owners, especially the main lady who serves, are just so so sweet. She says "thank you" a million times while you're there :) She also makes a mean shortbread cookie, one of which you get at the end of your meal. The only downside is because it's such a small operation and they make your order from scratch, it takes a crazy long time to get your food usually. Expect about 30, sometimes 40 minute wait. I don't mind usually, but I will say this factor keeps me from going more regularly, since I don't always have the time/not in the mood to make a casual dinner a good 1.5 hour affair.
4	Simple but tasty. The staff are incredibly friendly and the vegetables are always fresh. They make their noodles from scratch and have three different options for the way they prepare tofu. Really nice, calm atmosphere. Also very affordable! One of my favourite downtown spots.
5	Very good taiwanese food and the lady is always very friendly. I love their beef noodles soup. The service might be slow compared to other restaurant but they made almost every dish upon order. Don't go there if you are in rush. I also loved their home cookies. The price is more than reasonable.
4	This place is the real deal! The food is great, the ambiance is perfectly simple and the staff is friendly.
5	There isn't very many taiwanese restaurants in town and this one is my favorite restaurant to go to. Even though they don't have bubble tea ( like typical taiwanese snack places do), the food there is like a slow home cooked meal. From first entering the door, you get the welcoming by this very nice Asian lady that smiles all the time! Don't get me started with the food, the food here is amazing. They have a good chicken leg on rice, beef noodle soup and many others that I have tried. If you're in a rush to get a quick dinner, this is not the place to be. They really do take the time to cook your meal really well. It's a family owned business and I recommend everyone get to know the people who work at the restaurant. They are genuinely nice people! Options to pay include cash and debit. The tip option is automatic of 50 cents. Anyone who does end up paying debit, I recommend you have cash cause she'll say that 50 cents is enough tip.
4	I came in because my belly was begging  for a wonton soup to ward off the cold. I sort of got overwhelmed by the wall menu and ordered a noodle in roasted chicken thigh soup instead.What I GOT was actually a bowl of hot soup and noodles perfumed with coriander and generously festooned with bite-sized chunks of crunchy lettuce.  Annnnnd... a side of the umami-est roasted leg and thigh of chicken that I've tasted in months. Plus tea.Plus cookies.All for $10.00. Crazy!!So, for a little hole in the wall and admittedly tired looking restaurant,  you can expect excellent value for your lunch dollar.
5	Great Restaurant, Amazing prices, great staff!!This is an excellent hole in the wall restaurant. I am going to preface this review by saying that if you want excellent food, but dont care about the ambiance, then this is the place for you. If however you are trying to impress someone, or looking for a more fancy deco type place, this isn't it. It is a no frills asian restaurant where the focus is on the food, and not on the decorationOverall, the food was excellent, with VERY affordable prices. I got the hot and sour soup which was delicious, filled with lots of tofu and quite flavourful ($3.99). My friend got the homestyle noodles, which was a large portion of noodles with minced port and vegetables ($7.99). The food was delicious, and NOT GREASY which is rare for many asian places. We were there for a while, and whatever came out of the kitchen just looked delicious. The service was also excellent. It is a family run operation, and the cute lade (sister-in law of the owner) was super friendly and helpful when ordering. She was also quite good about refilling the tea and whatnot. I would definitely return to try the other stuffSummary:   Food 5/5  Service 5/5  Decorations 3/5
