5	Officially our favorite food truck in LV! Quality of food and service is incredible! They had combination plates and a fusion special! Wish they were around more often though. Currently they are downtown every second Saturday(6pm-1am) of the month at the event called,"StrEATS" and on Wednesday(10pm-1/2am) they are at  the corner of Valley View and Russell parked outside of an adult book store. They're ribeye combination plate with fried rice is to die for!!!  Also loved the shrimp and kimchee fried rice, the special burrito, and the guava cake!!! The two sauces they give you on the side are so tasty. One is like a teriyaki sauce and the other is a chili sauce. Please try this delicious food because you don't know what you're missing!
5	Had Truknyaki at the Sunset Park food truck event.Amazing food.Cooked to order. I guess they are pretty popular, the line was long and due to the fact it is prepared to order there was a wait for food. Worth the wait. Their custom sauce was to die for. I have never had food of this quality from a food truck.
5	Beyond delicious! Especially coming from a food truck. If someone served this in a restaurant to you and didn't tell you it was from a food truck, you probably wouldn't even guess it's food truck food. You'd think it's restaurant food. That's how good it is! Their ribeye on fried rice is on point! So is their burrito! The service is friendly and I will surely come back to eat here!
5	This food truck is AMAZING. The menu is simple, the food is divine, and the owners are great. Just named one of the top ten best Las Vegas restaurants by USA Today, and that's competing with all the high end restaurants on the Strip. You'll have this once, and crave it every day. As far as specific recommendation- I always get the chicken burrito. They're usually open outside of Kao at Spring Mountain and Wynn, Wednesday nights from 10pm - 2am.
5	Delicious!!! I've had the combo plates which are great but I  especially love the Rib eye Burrito.  Everyone needs to try it and dip it in their house made sauces, it's soooo good! It makes me want one right now as I am typing this. Great food, great service. You're missing out if you don't go try them. My favorite food truck in Las Vegas!
4	These guys were on campus (UNLV) yesterday.  I ordered a shrimp plate which was soooo freakin' delicious.  My only issue was the small amount of house sauce that I got.  I mean the little container had maybe 2 teaspoons in it which was barely enough for a third of my plate.  They could have at least filled the container with sauce.  Other than that, the dish was very flavorful with ample shrimp.
5	Just had their beef and prawn Japanese burrito at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest.... It was absolutely delicious!! The sweet sauce that they make is to die for- I wish they sold it!! Definitely exceeded my expectations :) will absolutely eat at this truck again!!
3	lots of rice in the burrito. not much meat. it was kind of bland unless you put some hot sauce on the burrito. maybe i've been eating too salty lately...? very cool concept though
2	Sunset Park'd event and the Japanese Burrito sounded good and could have been better. I ordered the Burrito with ribeye and it only took a few minutes. If you remember the old Wendy's commercial with the old woman saying repetitively "where's the beef" this burrito would be perfect for that commercial. About 90 percent rice the veggies and ribeye are just a few chunks in each half. You definitely gets bites with no meat. Flavors were good and the sauce had a little spice to it but not worth the $11 they charge. Now I know why there was no line!
3	Had to give 3 stars since the rice was sorta hard and tasted old. Sucks. I do have to give mad props to the ribeye. It was delicious and tender. The sauce wasn't too bad either.I'd definitely try it again, just in hopes that the rice is a bit more fresh. I'll try the burrito next time.
5	Was at valvatine rabbit for a drink with some friends and all of aSudden this awesome looking food truck rolled up. I  see food trucks a lot in Hawaii and LA but wow!  this one got the whole bar to unload oitside! People came in talking about the food and how good it was. I let the line die down a bit then headed out to try it. Was recommended the Japanese buritto by there very friendly cashier. Wow this buritto was like no other burito I have had. Sooo bomb!!! A must have
4	Went to there truck at Ces had a huge line so I was excited, took 35 minuets to come out and they got my order wrong! They got me a new plate fast and I think they hooked me up with extra meet. Beef was okay nothing special shrimp was good not over cooked. Fried rice tasty but little undercooked. Wasn't to original but meat was done right. I would go back if there wasn't a wait.
