5	When their California operation helped my husband and I last year, we were most impressed. Our move went so smoothly and the guys were neither skinny nor wimpy! This week we helped our son with a move in Arizona and to our delight, there's a Skinny Wimp operation there too. Once again, the movers were so efficient, reliable and helpful.  The Forman of the job (Kevin) couldn't have been nicer.  And each time they either place items inside their truck, or inside the new house, they literally race back to the house or truck  -- which is great since movers charge by the hour.  Moving is terribly stressful, and these guys make it as pleasant as possible. They arrive early, and with a smile. They are patient and professional.  (I had them move a heavy dresser to 3 different spots, and if they were bothered they surely didn't show it!)  We highly recommend them.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I heard about this company from a friend of mine in CA. He told me they absolutely blew him away so when my wife and I were researching movers to help us move in to a new home we just bought last month, I looked these guys up. Turns out they just expanded in to the Phoenix area recently. Anyway, they were AWESOME! Service was outstanding, communication was on point and these guys hustle. I've never seen a moving company move so fast - you'd have thought they were running a race. When they didn't have my personal things in their hands, they were literally running back in to my house or back to the truck to retrieve more stuff. 5-star experience, hands down.
5	I had heard good things about these guys but its almost impossible to believe until you actually seem the guys hustle back and fourth.  Its almost as if they don't know they're getting paid by the hour.  I personally love good service and am willing to pay a premium for it these guys are reasonable on price and exceptional on service.  Give them a shot and you won't regret it.
5	I knew they had a branch out in SoCal and my cousin was moving to Arizona so we tried them out. They're absolutely wonderful. Even though they're paid by hour they literally run back into the house to get everything done efficiently and timely. These guys are great, I would recommend them to anyone. Eric & Kevin were very helpful and made sure everything went smoothly. Coming from working in retail, I know good customer service when I see it. My aunt (cousin's grandmother) is one of those ladies that gets pretty hesitant about letting people touch anything related to her and she was very impressed! If you can please her, bless your soul! 5 stars for sure :)
5	These guys are great. They were very professional, they packed everything really well and they really hustled to get the move done within 2 hours. They really do jog in between moving things! I highly recommend these guys!!
5	The movers did a wonderful job.  They arrived early and hustled to keep us within our time window.  They were literally jogging in and out of the house.  I was also impressed that they carried most items by hand and rarely used the dolly.  Really nice, hard working guys.  I highly recommend them.
5	Hands down phenomenal experience.  I was a little hesitant to hire a moving company because of the horror stories that I've heard about movers damaging furniture or holding your stuff hostage in the truck until you cough up more money.  But after looking over their website and reading more about them, I felt better.  I was in a bind and they, luckily, were able to squeeze me in the next day.  The day arrived and to my surprise, they were really jovial and upbeat, even after showing them that we had a heavy adjustable bed on the second floor an two never ending closets filled with crap. Another surprise, true to their word on the website, they really will jog when not handling your belongings. After about three hours of loading, we drove to our new home and they were still as upbeat as ever.  My wife stood by the truck and directed them to where all of the boxes and furniture belonged.  They were done in a little less than two hours.  I know for a fact that it would have taken myself, my wife, and our family all day if we had to do it ourselves.  It's been a full day and we've unpacked all of our boxes and nothing was damaged.  I'm still in shock as to how smoothly everything went. I cannot think of anything that they could have done to make the experience any better.  My only regret is that I won't be moving again for a long time, but I am definitely recommending them to anyone that is moving.  Seriously, there is absolutely nothing to worry about with these guys, they were perfect.
5	I was beyond impressed with this group of movers.  They were fast and efficient.  All of my items were wrapped in blankets then plastic wrapped as well.  I would use them again on my next move and suggest them to anyone else.  I found them on groupon but they actually had a better special going on through the company directly.
5	Was extremely happy with the service we received. The gentlemen who came over were Kevin, Eric, Alex and Dwight. They ran from the truck into the house and back the entire time. From start to finish they never let up. My have served in the military for 10 year I am very tight on my definition of what hard work is and they definitely lived up to my expectations. They were polite and respectful of the property we moved out of and the one we moved into. I even over heard one of them tell the other to be careful of the carpet and property on several Occasions. I would recommend them to anyone. Very pleased with the service I received.
