3	I'm a little bit disappointed this gallery (one of the many forming the National Galleries of Scotland) is closed. It's supposed to have a whole range of portraits of famous Scots. I must admit I was especially interested to visit when I read there was a portrait of Billy Connolly! They're planning to reopen in the fall of 2011, so until then review pending!
4	I used to live with a girl who worked at the Scottish National Portrait Gallery and, despite her numerous offers of a visit, I never took her up on it, portraits never seemed to float my boat! Then it closed for ages while an extensive refurbishment was undertaken...and my lovely flatmate got another job!A couple of years down the line the gallery has re-opened, and I found myself with a free Sunday afternoon and a desire to see what this portrait malarky was all about.Now, I obviously can't comment on the changes that have occurred given I'm a portrait gallery newbie, but blimey did I have a great time!When you walk into the building you arrive into the 'Great Hall'...a beautiful open area with 2 floors of balcony running around it. There are comfy benches on which to sit while you gaze upon painted wooden panels depicting Scottish figures through the ages and Coats of Arms of the major towns and cities of Scotland. On the dark blue ceiling were scatterings of golden stars...very pretty and it took quite a wee while to drag myself away to see the rest of the gallery.It's best to start from the top in here, and the gallery is laid out in time-line starting with the 'Reformation' and concluding with 'New Scots'. There are many interesting sections which included 'Science and Art', 'Landscapes' and 'Migration'.As you wind your way through, there is a mix of traditional portrait paintings (with prints, sketches and literature) along with newer mediums (in context!) of photography and digital media. There are loads of interactive features and I had great fun with these. There was also an event for children running today 'Portrait Detectives', which seemed to involve them dressing up like Sherlock Holmes and searching the gallery for clues (which unlocked boxes hidden about!). The kids seemed to be loving it and it was great to see them enjoying the art as well! In addition to the family events, the gallery have also produced a series of  'Trails' which involve searching out art of a particular theme...my favourite 'Trail' Title was 'Fur Coat an' Nae Knickers'. Will have to work through the trails the next time I visit! : )Other gems included the old library with it's collection of death-masks (including those of the infamous Burke and Hare), and a photographic exhibition of the streets and closes of Glasgow in the late 1800's.At the bottom, there is a lovely cafe with lots of tasty looking produce and many gorgeous and interesting things in the gift shop.I loved this gallery and will hopefully pay many more visits in the future...even if it is simply to sit in the Great Hall for a moment and gaze at the stars!
5	A big, beautiful museum in a gorgeously renovated historic building: what's not to love? The permanent collection and most of the rotating exhibitions are totally free, and there's usually one paid exhibit on at any given time, as well. Currently one of the free exhibitions is the BP Portrait Prize, which is always one of the highlights of the year for those of us who love contemporary portrait painting (and if you don't, come on, why are you bothering to read a review of a portrait museum at all?).
