1	I'm going to keep this updated... I have had my baby girl here in 2011. The place was horrible. I have brought my girl home several times with rashes. The final time I spoke to Susan, she confronted us about giving our child prune juice and threatened our pediatrician because our child was constipated. Then the next day when I confront her about being rude to my wife and laughing at her she went outside and flung my passenger door open to belittle my wife and threatened to starve my child. She said "You want an apology, how bout I kiss your hand. Because I'm out here you child is gonna go hungry..." Who wants this to happen to them or there child? If I could give this place negative stars I would give them -5! Beware of Susan she is a tyrant with the basic of the basic certs just to start a facility. She shouldn't be in the child care field. Stay away if you value your child's health, both physically and emotionally.
5	I find it hard to believe that Miss Susan would want to starve a child. My daughter has many allergies and she has been so accommodating with finding foods that my daughter can eat.  I didn't want to be a burden and offered to bring in my own food, but she said "nope, you tell me what to buy and I will get it" .  There are not many day cares that would do this for you. It saves me money and time.  My daughters have been going there for the past 4 years, my first at the age of 10 weeks and second at 8 weeks. My 4 year old ask if she can go there on the weekends too! When your child is excited to go to "school" then you know your child is in good hands.  Yes, there may be turnover but my kids still enjoy the teachers there! Its unfortunate that some had a horrible experience but this place was a great fit for my family! I found a place where I trust the type of care my child is receiving at Little Paradise.
1	Really? $175 to pick up my daughter at 2 and watch her until 6 but 200 for all day for my other daughter?! These people are put of their mind lol
