5	A friend said she really liked Brooklyn Pizza in Wesley Chapel. I'm from the NY area so I'm always looking for real NY pizza. To be honest, I didn't even make the connection with the name that it might really taste like the real thing. Anyway, you order by yourself and then they bring the food to you. The place was very large and very clean. The staff was very friendly and the service was great. Now, was it like NY? Sort of. I had the veggie pizza which came with LOTs of totally fresh veggies including spinach, FRESH mushrooms, fresh green peppers, fresh onions and more. It was fantastic. It wasn't dripping with grease and didn't have the cheese dripping off like up north but the real fresh vegetables countered it - plus that's healthier too. It's awesome.
3	I have been craving eggplant parm lately so when we said we were going to a NY style pizza place I figured score...uh not so fast.  While it was indeed eggplant it was served so oddly, 3 flat, round frozen pieces of eggplant spread out over ziti, instead of stacked in layers.  I have a cold so I was told it wasn't that bad, but all I know is the cheese shouldn't make up for the lack of yummy eggplant flavor.  The sauce I knew was gonna be bad as soon as they set my plate down, it was that bright red sauce that doesn't look authentic and is overly sweet and needs to be seasoned like crazy.  It was also served with a piece of blah, cold bread.The rest of the fam got an antipasto salad and pizza, so I pushed my plate aside and ate the pizza.  It was good, not great, have had much better in Charlotte.  It was served straight from the oven and so the cheese slid right off theslice when you picked it up because it was piping hot.Overall it was fine, you order at the counter and they deliver to your table.  Refills were offered, plates were cleared at a decent pace.  Its not my new fave but I'd go again and skip the eggplant and stick to pizza.
5	Awesome, probably the best pizza we've tasted since moving to NC 4 years ago.
4	Brooklyn Pizza combines good pizza by the slice with good prices in a convenient location.I stick with pizza by the slice.  Be sure to check out the glass case to see what's available before you order.  I love the "foldable" crust and like the flavor of the pizza sauce.  The white pizza is a great balance of cheese with garlic.I love the NY subway map on the floor.  I think it's a fun touch and gives a good nod to the NY style menu.The staff are friendly and welcoming and they do a good job of keeping your drinks full.It's a family favorite and perfect for a quick inexpensive meal.
5	Very rarely do I rate 5 stars...this is well deserved.  ALWAYS impressed with this place!  We have VERY high expectations when it comes to NY style pizza and have NEVER been disappointed.  Like wings?  Do yourself a favor and try the sweet chile wings...WOW!  Literally have never been disappointed with anything on the menu!
2	Very mediocre food! Pizza and calzones are mall food court quality at best. If that's appealing to you, save a few bucks and hit a S'barros instead.Your pal,Walter
2	Just came from Brooklyn Pizza in Wesley Capel, this is the first review I have written but I think it's overdue.  We have gone to Brooklyn Pizza since it opened in Wesley Capel and before that the one on Rea Rd.  They start off great, as good as pizza can be  here in the Carolina's.  Then it begins, the short cuts start.  This time we noticed how chewy the crust has become.  Of course, they are pre-baking the crusts then covering them with whatever the customer orders.  I understand when it's bonkers crazy you have to find ways to get things done quickly but you had a good thing going and now we are out the door, looking for another "NY" style pizza place.  They seem to be opening one a week somewhere within driving distance.  Don't cut corners guys, don' t cheat the loyal faithful customers by counting the pieces of pepperoni slices like I heard one of the pizza maker guys say to a new guy one night.  Give us a good pie at a fair price and we will come back.  By the way your pizza is one of the most expensive around and just not worth it anymore.
4	I'm not from NY, but I do enjoy NY Style pizza.  As most of us are painfully aware, NY style pizza is nearly impossible to come by in this area.  However, Brooklyn makes a very good NY Style pizza!  They have a great crust, they season their pizzas just right, and they use the perfect amount sauce (and the sauce isn't too sweet!).   Pizza can be ordered by the pie or the slice.  For those Gluten Free folks...they offer a gluten free personal-sized pie, too.I am also a fan of their garlic knots...delicious pieces of baked dough that is smothered in garlic butter/oil and seasoning.  Served with marinara...excellent!I have also had their Calzones and been very pleased and their Oil & Garlic pasta is delicious!I have been to several events that were catered by Brooklyn and have thoroughly enjoyed it!  Baked Ziti, Tortellini Alfredo, Chicken Parm....all very good!We have dined-in only a couple of times and the service was very good both times.  The place is always very busy and there can be a heft wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday night....especially during little league season.   They have nice outdoor seating area as well.Nice little neighborhood spot for very good pizza and pasta.  I would also like to recognize them for their support of the community and the local schools.   I have seem them step up to assist with many local town and school events and fundraisers.
5	I like the atmosphere at Brooklyn Pizza Parlor. The girls behind the counters are all nice southern girls with an italian twist. The whole sit down and wait at your stop is a cool gimmick. Pizza comes out hot. My kids like the subway map. I usual order out, and they are pretty quick to get you going. Brooklyn pizza has some good crust. I'd say there crust is better than Lorenzo's in my opinion, but Lorenzo's sauce is better. Either way they equal out with a 5 rating in my book. A great pizza place and it's close.
5	The atmosphere is very casual, buy they do make some great pizza.
4	If you like clams their " pasta con vongole" (pasta and clams) is one of the best ive had this side of the Atlantic. Atmosphere is typical fast food. Nothing special but the food is one step up from average pizzeria food in my opinion., One of the few places you can get Sicilian "ORANGINI" - Fried rice balls with mozarella, tomato and peas inside. YUM!
4	I have eaten here twice now. Both times the service Fast & friendly, the place was clean and good pizza is consistent so far. Fairly priced. Eat here.
5	Yum! Great salads, good size slices, ravioli and penne cooked al dente. Clean tables and attentive service. Will be coming back!
4	This is our quick go to.  i love the variety of single slice choices.  All of the food is always consistent and good.  I have had better Italian, however it's reasonably priced.  It is always busy and sometime hectic.  I would definitely recommend.  Much better than the other choices in the area.
4	First time here and no complaints. We started with mozzarella sticks (nothing special just your typical frozen sticks) and garlic bread with cheese. We loved the garlic bread but the kids picked all the cheese off, next time we will order it without. Next we ordered Nonna's pizza, White pizza, plain cheese and a pepperoni. All were quite good. The white either does not come with garlic or did not have enough but a shaker of garlic powder on the table finished it off nicely. The slices are big and filling. The Nonna's pizza was delish. I was a little worried cause the bottom of the crust looked a little black and I thought it may be burnt. It had a nice crunch and no burnt taste to my surprise! Very yummy. Cheese and pepperoni were both good too. We will be back again and will continue to review different food items as we eat there :)
3	What the hell happened to Brooklyn Pizza!?! It just goes out of business out of nowhere? What did they find a meth lab in the back?Anybody know why they closed?
4	We come almost every week for lunch.  Great deal, meal for 2 with drinks for about 12 bucks.  Pizza slices are large and fresh
4	Brooklyn and it's two cousins take #2 for best pizza in Charlotte behind Due Amici in the University Area. Brooklyn South is in Wesley Chapel in a bustling shopping center with CFA, Target, and some various other stores. When you enter, you walk to the counter and place your oder. They have a huge subway map on the floor which is super cool. Last time I was there, I got 2 slices of cheese and a water. They give you your drink right at the counter and you take a street sign back to your table so they know where to bring your food.I sat down at a booth, but the booth itself still had pizza crumbs on it. Ew. The table was clean but I guess they just missed the booth. The food came out fairly quickly and it was HOT. Unbelievably hot but also so delicious. Crispy crust that could be folded, a nice amount of cheese--not too much--and great tomato sauce. It's really very good pizza.Service is friendly and efficient--no complaints here. Brooklyn South could just be the best pizza in south Charlotte!
3	When they first opened, I loved their linguini with clam sauce.  However, through the years, it has become horrible.  It just isn't what they used to serve when they first opened, the clam sauce is just yucky now.  Their pizza's still seem pretty good, and their Antipasto salad was, and possibly still is, wonderful - even though I haven't had it in a while.  Guess I'll go back to that salad, since my days of having their linguini and clam sauce are finished. I gave it numerous chances, but it just never measured up to what it had been when they opened their doors.
3	Pizza is OK but the rings are good. When we first moved In the area, we would eat here a lot. Overall staff is cool.
3	Great friendly staff.  Got canzone to go.  One cheese and spinach and one with peperoni and mushrooms. There was so little cheese on it I had a hard time finding it.  Bread is good but that's about all we got.  Would have sent it back if we were eating in.
4	Friendly staff whether dine in or take out. They have excellent pizza, try meatballs as a topping, outstanding. Dinners are great, as are their subs but the portions are getting smaller and smaller and can be inconsistent. Chicken part a favorite in our house. The only thing I would stay away from is the pre-made case ( chicken rolls, calzones, pinwheels etc...) they do not reheat well and wind up dry. Also get them to make it fresh.
5	So my mother is a bonafide New Yorker and from Brooklyn so she wanted to check this place out. We loved it! We've been twice and the food has been delicious. The pizza is the real deal!! Try the cheese garlic knots.
