3	There is nothing special about this place, it is an outside bar connected to the Flamingo hotel, right off the casino.I only review it because of the 3$ draft beers they offer, this was one of the few places on the entire strip were you could get a reasonable priced beer.  For your 3$ you get about 8 ozs of three domestic options but like I said, it is an awesome deal compared to some places on the strip.If you're walking around and feeling thirsty for an adult beverage, it is worth a quick stop.
5	This bar outside bar located outside of the Flamingo tucked away from the strip and has a great deal in beer the bar in the casino. A bit small and great to just buy your beer and head on your way to wherever your going. Staff here is friendly and not snotty like the higher rated strip bars. I ordered a premium beer and thought it was on special for $3 but came to $7. The bartender didn't mind swapping beers even though he already poured and I really appreciated that. Customer service can go along way even though it can be a dive. They even have outdoor seating to relax, enjoy your beer and just people watch.
4	On the Las Vegas Strip, inexpensive beer is starting to become a memory like the Rat Pack. In a year's time, fans of inexpensive beer have grieved the passing of Bill's Gambling Hall and O' Shea's. All is not a memory yet. From my observation, the Flamingo is starting to become the niche of inexpensive beer. You only have to go as far as the sidewalk to find the Corner Bar At Flamingo.   The Corner Bar is an outdoor bar where the Flamingo overlooks the corpse of Bill's Gambling Hall. It is a small bar that gets a good share of traffic with the $3 draft beer special.   The $3 ($3.24 after tax) draft beer is served in a plastic cup. This is fitting for people that like to walk around with beer. People like myself.   It was in the very early morning hours of my staycation that I spent time here. I was staying on the Strip and had zero DWI worries. After spending hours on the Strip watching people enjoy their beer and the monster size alcohol treats, I was going to enjoy a couple of cold ones. After my family went to the hotel room, I made my way to the Corner Bar at Flamingo. My tradition was enjoying two plastic cups of Forster Draft. I'd drink the first cup at the bar and the second cup in the very close by Wildlife Habitat (Yelp is my Diary. Will be reviewed by end of the week). The atmosphere of the Corner Bar is similar to the beer pong bars that recently closed down. An added bonus to this one is that it overlooks the Strip. This is prime people watching. Especially when I am watching costumed Freddy Kreugers and Hello Kittys passing by on the sidewalk. The bar tenders were also cool. Corner Bar is a fun place that does not drain the wallet.  Now that I am off the staycation, I would probably do the Corner Bar in the late afternoon. It would be in place of a beer-to-go from ABC Stores. If I were to have a few beers here, I would do the inevitable and stay the night in an inexpensive room in The Quad.The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 59 out of 100.
3	Cheap-ass domestic drafts here. Nothing special but it won't kill your bankroll. Think Miller Lite pee water beer and if that's your speed you are all set! $3 drafts in a plastic cup, or $7 pitchers. Hey, it's pretty much the cheapest beer you can get at a bar on The Strip.Either take it to walk around as you can drink in public here (I love that about Vegas) or just chill out at one of the tables in this outdoor bar right on the edge of the Flamingo and where Bill's Gambling Hall used to be. On a nice night it's actually a good spot to begin or end the evening. Still, in the blistering summer I would not be caught dead out there!They even have bench seating overlooking The Strip so you can check out all the chickenheads, dregs of society, drunken bachelorette groups, annoying tourists, and  people that have had way too much inbreeding going on. You see it all in Vegas!
2	Sorry boys.. 2 stars for me.. Not a fan.. My G&T was pretty ordinary which is really strange when you think about the fact that a G&T is really simple to make. The bartender looked like he wanted to be somewhere else really and this was reflected in the drinks.Other than that, the Corner Bar is in a good spot on the strip and, being an outdoor bar; it's great because you can chill and hang out with your mates.
5	Definitely one of my favorite bars in Vegas to just sit, relax, enjoy a great view and people watch.  Would I spend all night here?  Probably not.  But with great views of Bellagio and Caesars Palace, plus the crowds that walk between The Cromwell and Flamingo, definitely a nice bar to check out.  Plus the drink prices are actually down to earth.  You can get a 16oz aluminum pint of Miller Lite or Coors Lite for just $3.  Check it out if your in the area.
