1	Seriously?  Who likes this chain bs quality crap?I like myself a badass sandwich.  This place DOES NOT have it.Inadequate portions, inadequate food, un-personable service and tacky typical "bread/bakery co" atmosphere.  I've now been over 5 times since i moved here 4 months ago, and not one visit has been satisfactory or fulfilling.  I'm going to wildflower with better portions and flavor or taking a trip to pane bianco.  Dont waste your taste buds.
4	Alright, Paradise Bakery has got me. And you know what, all it took was a cookie with my lunch. Something about a great turkey sandwich (California Turkey on wheat) partnered with a warm cookie brings me back to mom's packed lunches. It can be a little loud in the dining area, but sit outside or in the back section of the restaurant and problem solved. Recently I tried one of their signature salads (a BBQ Chicken Salad), to my surprise it was fantastic. Although I will always opt for the mom-lunch half sandwich and cookie, the salad is a nice alternative on a hot summer day.  It's a nice place to go for a relatively cheap price.
4	I have been to this location for lunch about 6 times so far.  I love the salads and LOVE the cookies.  Their sandwiches on the other hand can use some work.  Paradise Bakeries around the valley have had the same sandwiches for forever.  They NEED some new stuff.  The prices are reasonable for the size of the meal you get and the service is always pretty good.  My only issue is with the giant g-d damn clusterfuk that ensues when the place is busy.  The whole process of ordering your meal and paying for it can be a bit confusing and a hassle.  I can't really describe it but if you've ever been there then you know what I mean.  Anyway, I am a fan of Paradise and will continue to go even though it can be a pain.
3	Big fan of their SW Chicken Caesar salad and fire roasted tomato soup. My favorite sandwiches are the chicken panini, the turkey cranberry, and the teriyakki chicken wrap. I love both wildflower and Paradise but Paradise Bakery has the best cookies. And although I do not get it very often because its a killer in calories, the chocolate cheesecake brownie is to die for!
1	Let's get the record straight... I LOVE Paradise Bakery. This location however I had an awful experience...  I got a half  salad, half paradise club combo. my fav!  Well the salad was decent as always, but when I got to the sandwich I took a bite and immediately spit it out! The sauce on the sandwich had a REALLY funky metallic taste and it tasted sour!  I was kind of wondering how they gave me my sandwich SO fast. It was probably sitting there for 5 hours.  I got a manager and got a refund. Utterly disgusted at what I experienced.  I told the manager to check the dates on the sauces before someone else gets a nasty surprise. He gave me my money back, but wasn't sorry or anything.   Won't be stopping in the location ever again!!
1	Bad service, food quality not consistant.I used to get breakfast at this particular Paradise, but I have had consistantly bad service for the last couple times.  I walked in a couple weeks ago and there were 3 customers waiting to order and no one behind the counter.  I waited 5 minutes and there was still no one at the counter so I left.  Sometimes the food was good sometimes it was very disappointing.  I give up on Paradise.  Too many other places with much better food and service.
3	Ok, I've ordered Paradise to go from work but never stepped foot in one until today. I had a haircut next door and decided to try it for lunch. I was really surprised by how big it was. It was cute too, as much as a school lunch-line type place can be. They definitely wanna pack as many warm bodies as they can in there so some of the tables were triple stacked. Wow. Not really my idea of a "friendly neighborhood bakery". Anyway- I decided on a salad and just watched helplessly as the guy behind the clear partition slopped my salad together. I looked to find something that I could ask him to add that would make my salad special, but nothing really fit the bill. I really like customizing my food though, so I sprayed it with cholula(sp?) at the condiment/drink island. I had a full size BBQ chicken salad and all I could think-even after the second dousing of hot sauce, was Ehh. Underwhelmed for 10 bucks. Oh well. I know plenty of people love it, I'm just not one of them.
4	I really like Paradise Bakery in general and have never been disappointed with the quality of the food. I really LOVE the salads here especially the Southwest Chicken Caesar and the BBQ Chicken. This is the largest location I have been to and am pleased that they have all the menu selections (some locations don't have everything like the one at Desert Ridge). Right now they are holding a 2 for 1 cookie special and the proceeds (i think) are going to a breast cancer charity, probably SGK. And with walnut chocolate chip and chocolate chip coconut how can you not resist?
4	Paradise Bakery was a new restaurant concept for us when we moved to the Valley a few years ago.  I have looked into the chain and was surprised by how the corporation has changed hands a few time.  Well, you would never know from the food preparation that they were a castoff.  The service is great!  The food is great!  And, they seem to have several convenent locations.  WOW!~
3	This Paradise Bakery is relatively quiet as it's tucked away in a strip shopping center. It's the same food and the service was top notch. There's no ambiance....literally none in this location.
4	Their salads are delicious. According to one of the employees, the chili they have is a winter item only. Which is unfortunate. I don't care if it's 115 degrees, the chili is damn good and I would eat it.
3	Paradise Bakery is a great place for a quick breakfast or lunch. Their pastries are pretty good and A+ for the iced tea. I have been eating at Paradise Bakeries (mainly in California) for the last 10 years, and have never been disappointed with the quality of the food. Rewards card = great. We get free pastries or sodas all the time. Also love the buy 1 get 1 free cookies, and the free cookie when you get a sandwich.However, I really despise the layout of this location. First, there's a cookie/pastry counter with a register. Then there's a sectioned-off line for salads, sandwiches, and soups. If you don't want a sandwich, you have to awkwardly pass people to get to the salad station. Same goes for soup. The menu wraps around above where the stations are, so god forbid you want a sandwich/soup combo and don't know what the soups are. You then have to do some strategic neck-cringing to see the choices, or decide on the spot when you get to the next station. There are also different prices for the combos based on if you are getting a premium sandwich and normal salad, normal sandwich and premium salad, etc. So if you don't have the menu memorized, prepare to be confused.
4	Oh how I love Paradise Bakery...it is one of my favorite staples in the Valley of the Sun!  I stopped into this location last Sunday for a quick breakfast - OJ and an everything bagel.  The bagel was so fresh and tasty.  The staff was great and the outdoor space is great to enjoy a nice, desert morning!
2	We typically visit the Raintree location which is very consistent and excellent service.  This location does not even compare, we should have turned and left before even entering due to all the dirty dishes on the outside tables.  The employees were rude and impatient when we asked a question.  I watched an employee talking on her cell phone while preparing a meal ~ yuck.  We were not offered dinner rolls with our soup and the girl checking us out was not happy when we asked, even had to ask for butter.  We were able to find the only clean table in the place and couldn't wait to finish so we could get out of there never to return.
3	The staff is nice.  The seating is fine.  The soundtrack is above average.  It is close to work.Unfortunately they cap their internet, lack Equal, and.....well.....it's not Wildflower.
4	I go there and work at least 4 times a week. Laptop friendly, but wish they had more outlets to plug into. Food is a little pricey for a sandwich, but that's okay. Right across from my fitness club, so very convenient.
4	A little pricey for a lunch place, but the food is excellent.
4	Always clean, good service and good tasting food.
1	I'm actually a pretty big fan of Paradise Bakery (high praise, by the way, for a chain establishment) and have eaten at several locations across the state of AZ. And I hope to high heaven that this location is THE worst of the entire franchise.Walked in for dinner on a Friday evening, and the place was like a ghost town. Now I know why. A quick glance around revealed that about 50% of the tables were covered with dirty dishes, some that looked like they had been left out for several hours. At this point the level of extreme suck had not yet registered in my brain, so I went ahead and ordered half of a Frontega Chicken panini with a cup of soup. Strike 2: no dinner roll with the soup. When my friend (who had also ordered soup) asked for the dinner roll that's always supposed to come with it, we were told that they had run out. Or something along those lines. The employees' English was remarkably bad. Though their Spanish was spot-on, as indicated by the cashier who rambled endlessly in Spanish to his coworkers as he took my payment. As a non-Spanish speaker and someone raised with proper etiquette, I found this to be incredibly rude.After sitting down at one of the few clean tables, I got up again and spent a good 5 minutes searching for a spoon, as all the spoon containers looked empty. When I told an employee that they were out of spoons, instead of simply getting some spoons and filling the containers (as if it's the hardest thing in the world to do), she picked up one of the seemingly empty containers, which contained 3 water-stained spoons at the very bottom, and wordlessly held it out to me.On top of everything else, my panini tasted so strange that I left half of it uneaten. Perhaps it was due to the UNDERCOOKED CHICKEN.Needless to say, I will NOT be returning to this location and if management happens to be reading this, might I HIGHLY recommend some much-needed staffing changes? Considering the part of town that this restaurant is in (northernmost edge of Scottsdale), I expected WAY better, well, everything. All in all, I will NEVER recommend this particular location. It is ghetto with a capital G, H, E, T, T, and O. I cannot emphasize that enough.
4	Exactly like a panera minus the awesome green tea.  Their sandwiches are good, so are their soups, but I never feel like anything is fresh.  I know their soups come frozen and they just heat it.  Still satisfies when you need to drop in for a quick lunch.
1	I used to like this location a lot until I came here for lunch today. I came in around 2:30 and it was pretty busy but there was no line to wait in which is always a good thing. I ordered half of a southwest chicken salad and was very disappointed. Right after the lady got done making my salad I stared at a almost empty bowl with hardly any lettuce. And probably only one dribble of dressing. When I went to pay I told the man who rang me up I got hardly any lettuce in my salad so he went and put some more on. But no dressing. So I ended up eating basically a plan salad, hardly any dressing and bland lettuce. I don't recommend coming here. I guess that service for my salad is what they call a "half of a salad" = hardly any lettuce and dressing. I won't be coming back here anytime soon.
2	Decent food but soups are not made fresh. I find the way they display their menu irritating as you can't see it when you walk in or when you are ordering! Why not? It ends up holding up the line. And always pay attention at the register because there is often an error.
1	4:20pm  just walked in and then turned around and left! First time I've ever seen a Paradise Bakery that dirty!
3	I very rarely am disappointed by the food however often times when I come in the service is a little slow and typically speaking I see the employees bickering behind the counter in front of customers which in my opinion is not very professional. My last visit to the store manager was yelling at one of the employees right in front of customers which I felt was extremely degrading and not appropriate. Where I'm from California this place has a different name, most of the food is the same and pretty good. Look to spend a little bit more than you typically would for most quick eateries for lunch but it's definitely worth it for fresh meal. Little work on organization and process and how to display some professionalism in front of customers in this place will gain it's five stars versus the three that I'm giving today.
3	Just not the best service. I'll try again.
2	I find ordering in this store very confusing. Maybe it's just me bc I'm used to Panera Bread on the east coast. I've been here twice now and I still don't like it. I went there last wk and I'll just go to another place that's easier to order from.
1	SO. DIRTY. Saw this mess of trash sitting on tables outside (thought they might be busy) then went inside and ordered and sat out on the patio to eat. Birds greeted these dirty tables and no one came to clean it the WHOLE time we were there. And they weren't even busy! Ughh.. Will not be going back to this location.
4	Paradise Bakery is what it is. Upscale cafe with overpriced yet quality food.With that out of the way, let me say that the chicken salad sandwich here is beyond a doubt some of the best chicken salad I've ever had. If a restaurant has it on the menu I usually order chicken salad, so I've tried a lot of different kinds and this is one of my favorites. It's got walnuts and a great consistency with the chicken cut just right. It may sound silly, but a chicken salad sandwich with a complimentary cookie thrown in after a day at work is some pretty good comfort food.
3	We've come here a few times, mostly for light meals. DD likes their Fuji Apple Salads. I've had their Black Bean soup. The employee, who was a really nice kid, allowed me to read the ingredient label so that I could ensure it was vegan-friendly. That was a much appreciated gesture. The soup was decent; it was simply ok. Nothing particularly special that I'd go out of my way to get again. But if you're in the area and in need of a vegan-friendly soup, it's a solid choice. Earlier this year, I ordered a sugar cookie cake for my DD. The price was reasonable and they decorated it as requested (with a basketball). However, DD said it was too hard. (It wasn't vegan, so of course I couldn't eat it.)Not great. Not bad. It's A-OK.
