5	I really like this place. It's not the most original, the most swanky, or even the best Italian food. But here's why I love it:No matter the occasion, no matter your mood, you walk into Buca and feel great. The Old World music, the ecclectic wall decor, the smells, and all of the loud-but-happy people. It really has an infectious atmosphere all its own.This is THE place for a group, as the portions at Buca Di Beppo's are HUGE! Plan to order a variety of dishes and pass them around the table. Also give the homemade lemoncello a try. Delizioso!
2	We came here once.  We waited longer than the quoted time.  They did bring out pizza to satisfy a little bit of our hunger.  When they do take you to your table, they take you through the kitchen so you can see what is going on.  They even have a table in there that you can request to eat at.  We were placed near the bar, and it was very loud.  There are also pictures all over the walls.  A majority of them are of nude women.  I don't know about you, but I am not bringing my children to a place where they have pictures of nude women on the walls.The food was good.  It is served "family" style.  One dish will serve 2-3 people.  It is cooked with a lot of garlic though.We went once and that was enough for us.
2	I've been to Buca several times and have never been impressed with the food. The atmosphere is fun but a restaurant needs to have more than a fun atmosphere. The food is less than average. Our most recent visit was for a large group of people and we were put at a booth with a round table  pushed up against it, with the end leaf of the table slanting down, making it very difficult for the two people sitting at the end to eat. (me)Our waitress was unfriendly and all business. No personality at all. The whole time i felt like we were just an pain in the ass for her.Now on to the food. We ordered a caesar salad which i could not even eat because the whole thing tasted like fish. I'm ok with a slight anchovy flavor but this was un-eatable. Apparently the dish comes with anchovies standard or on the side. I guess there is no getting around the nasty fish taste, even if you ask for no anchovies at all. The other dishes we ordered were the macaroni rosa, manicotti, and chicken marsala. The macaroni rosa was only slightly warm and lacked flavor. I've had pink sauces before and this was no where close to them. (Maggianos has a great vodka tomato cream sauce) The manicotti was probably the best of the worst but really...how can you mess up manicotti. It's a noodle with ricotta cheese in it. The chicken marsala looked so good with huge mushrooms and a rich sauce. I took one bite and was done. The sauce was so overwhelmingly sweet that i though it was a desert.The only reason i went was to see some family out of town and the decision was out of my hands. I thought, what the hell, I give it another shot. Buca  Di Beppo. Yet another disappointment.
2	totally terrible service. i've been to other buca locations in the bay area and i think i'll stick to that.i recommend getting the chicken marsala though. it's really good
3	Remember the line from Austin Powers? GET IN MY BELLY!Well, I have a new one after eating at Buca Di Beppo. MY BELLY HURTS!The good:+Love the family-style ordering. Sharing plates and trying different things is always fun. It gives you something to talk about and you're engaging with the people at your table. + The portions are HUGE. C'mon, a 1/2 pound meatball???!! Whoa.+ Service was pretty good; I was surprised.+ The interior is just so weird, it's cool. Random pictures that will definitely jump-start conversations.And the bad? - Barely anything healthy on the menu. No, a Ceaser's Salad doesn't count!  - A meager, at best, alcohol menu. Their House Cab was decent.  - It's a chain restaurant that really likes their fake flowers. - Did I mention how my belly hurt afterwards?I didn't even eat that much. I ordered a salad, which was pretty great, I admit. I sampled their stuffed shells, lemon-butter baked chicken and that huge meatball. It was all pretty good. I liked the salad the best. Having picked and nibbled, I didn't think my stomach would get upset. Boy, I was wrong. Not a few hours later and it feels like both a harpooned and beached whale, bloated and miserable. The highlight of the experience was a table next to us, talking about my fave cheese in the world, Gouda. They were Dutch, with accents. I felt like I was among family, with those wonderful Gouda-loving strangers and the own wonderful people at my table. So, in summary:+ Loved the concept. - Hated the bellyache.
3	One word. MEATBALL.If you crave a gigantic meatball this is the place for you. Never have I seen such a large ball of meat on a plate, just waiting to be divided up and partitioned to the dinner guests at the table. The meatball and I, played a coy game of flirting back and forth, I tried a few other dishes first, the anti-pasto salad, Fresh green beans, the stuff shells, the lemon chicken, all which were very good. Then, the meatball decided to seduce me with it's sauce, and I wasn't able to resist. Was it the best meatball I've ever had in my life? No, (see my review of Pasto's) I even make a better meatball (turkey, bison, or beef, you take your pick) I just appreciate the sheer mass of meat they use, and their sauce was sweet and a bit tangy, just right for meat, terrible on pasta I would imagine.Overall this place has "chain" character, but is not authentic in anyway. The menu is so unhealthy it took some creative mixing of side dishes for me to even get close to a "well balanced meal." However, for a fun family event, or evening with friends, I like the way this restaurant forces you to interact and share dishes with each other.  It makes the dinner experience more engaging than simply ordering your own dish and eating in a silo. If I could I'd give the place 3.5 stars, I will let the Yelp aggregate my rating with the others, perhaps this place can climb to 3.5 stars someday.
3	I love the Chicken Marsala here. I've had Chicken Marsala elsewhere and I always seem to get some gravy mess, but here it's just like a wine sauce, like it should be. They make it with their own Marsala wine, but they don't sell it to the public.  :(
1	I hadn't been to Buca Di Beppo in a few years and I won't be going back for at least a few more (until the memories of my experience fade, at least). First of all, it's incredibly expensive. I understand it's meant to be served family style, but my fiancee and I ordered a single dish, and had a coupon for another free one, a small order of garlic bread and two waters. Our bill: $32 - for ONE dish and garlic bread! It's ridiculous!Second, the service was terrible. 30 minutes after we were seated, we finally had the chance to order. This isn't to say the waitress didn't come to the table, she did. It's just that when she did, she was in such a hurry that all we could eek out before she was rushing away was that we wanted two waters. We were there for an hour and a half for spagetti. I will just make this at home from now on.Third, the way the restaurant is laid out, it's VERY loud. There was a party of about 10 people next to us, and my fiancee and I couldn't even hear each other talk. So we say in silence. Now, this is not the restaurants fault, but these people were OBNOXIOUS. The management should have said something. And finally, the food is terrible. It reminded me of food made at summer camp - you know what I'm talking about - the mass produced kind with standard pasta and sauce. My fiancee also noted that his chicken parmigiana was terrible and that it's better at Olive Garden. A restaurant I will be sticking with from here on out :)
4	Ok, this was my first time there. A little pricey, but it is all served family style. It is not the best Italian food I have ever had, but it was pretty good and definitely filled me up, with some leftovers for sure. The service was great and will definitely be going back. Go with an appetite and if you are not on a budget.
2	First of all, we went at about 2:00 and the place was dead, but we were asked to wait 15 min (which turned out to be closer to 25)  Seriously, there was NO ONE in the place.  Finally we got sat down and the service was good (which is the only reason they are getting a  2 star review)  Getting sat down revealed what I just said too - there was hardly ANYONE in the whole place, yet I still had to wait almost 25 min.  shhheeesh!!!My food was burnt, and there was not much sauce and it did not taste fresh like the other one I just ate at a few days ago.  In all fairness my wife had the chicken cannelloni and said hers was about a "4" and I tasted it and hers was better then mine, but still I was not impressed with the wait or MY food.I probably will not be back to this location ... ever again.  I will stick to the downtown Scottsdale location ... they seem to have it more together there!
3	Say what you want about this place and shut up with the 'authentic' argument already- their chicken parm is BOMB! I don't care if purple people from china made this italian chicken, it doesn't lose it's credibility of flavor. at least not for me.however, they lose 2 whole stars for price and dumb menu. seriously $20 for two chicken breasts? and nothing else? stupiddddddddd.there are no other options for dinner either, its like get this huge plate of chicken for an overpriced amount, or nothing else. i personally opt for the kids meal- 1 chicken breast and side of spaghetti @ $6. that's more like it.every window has a light up sign that say things like 'italian dinner' or 'come eat' or something. one of them says 'health inspected'. that is the weirdest thing i have ever seen. it just makes me wonder why it is necessary to point out that it is health inspected???
4	Went with the family for lunch. Great pizza and great staff. To top it off someone paid for our lunch. Server wouldn't say who or why but for 7 of us that was a great experience!
1	Worst service ever. The waitress was super aggresive the first 5 minutes we were there, then we did not see her again for an hour. We sat with food we hadnt touched in 40 minutes with no waitstaff in sight to give us boxes...when we finally did get our boxes and asked for the check it took another 20 minutes to get it. Then the cc machine was down and it took another 20 minutes to get a reciept. They ended up charging my card almost 3 months later!! What a waste of time and money. I have had great experiences with other locations but this almost makes me not want to go back to any of them.
3	This review actually pains me a little bit because Buca Di Beppo used to be my favorite Italian restaurant in the valley up until new owners came in and started changing the menu to the point where the food wasn't nearly as good as what it once was and now it just seems so average. On the flipside the service and the atmosphere didn't change and still remains excellent but still doesn't make up for the change in food. Maybe another visit will change my view but for right now still label me disappointed.
2	This is an UPDATE on January 21, 2011, to my earlier reveiw that follows below.After the terrible experience we had on Thanksgiving, I wrote the Buca de Beppo corporate headquarters and sent them a copy of this review.I was frankly surprised to receive a personal reply from the company's Regional Director.In addition to apologizing for the bad experience, she refunded the money we paid for our Thanksgiving dinner and sent us a gift card asking that we give them a second chance.While there was no excuse for the issues we encountered last Thanksgiving at the Mesa location, the parent company clearly cares about their customers so if you have a problem, WRITE THE COMPANY and you might be pleasantly surprised.As for our return visit, took my dad there for his birthday and we had an OK time... not as good as I remember, but still enjoyable.***************************************************************************Review for 11/25/102 or 3 years ago, we'd have rated Buca a good solid 3-4 stars for value, but my oh my how low they have fallen.I don't often rant about a restaurant unless I feel completely taken advantage of. That said, here I go.Ordered the Turkey Feast for Thanksgiving because in the past Buca always represented a good value. HA WHAT A JOKE!  Their use of the word Feast borders on deceptive advertising. A "Feast" as defined by Webster:a : an elaborate and usually abundant meal often accompanied by a ceremony or entertainment : banquet b (1) : something that gives unusual or abundant enjoymentThey should be calling it a Turkey appetizer, but before I expound further, I want to explain that my wife and I usually share an entree, so you'll know neither of us is a big eater. We went to Buca because we expected to have lots of leftovers over the weekend. NOTBuca claims it can feed 3 but I could have eaten the six (6) MINISCULE, REHEATED, COOL slices of white meat and 4 tablespoons of dressing by myself. What a RIP-OFF for $24.95!!The extra side of salad was missing the usual pepperocini (only contained 1) so we had to request some on the side.The baked Rigatoni pasta was DRY, DRY, STICK IN YOUR THROAT DRY and we had to request extra suace.And let's not forget the bread... whoever currently orders this for Buca doesn't know the meaning of Italian bread. What they served wasn't much more firm than Wonder bread and certainly a far cry from REAL, Crusty, Coarse Italian bread like you find at Brio, Maggianos or any other restaurant with Italian roots. You can find better Italian bread at COSTCO than at this place... in fact, they'd make a huge improvement in the authenticity of the meal by getting their bread from COSTCO instead of the bakery they are using.And yes, we could have sent all the food back, but we decided to be Thankful for our ability to go out and enjoy a beautiful day, as well as not cause a scene in the restaurant and spoil anyone else's enjoyment of the holiday. Our response instead  will be to never visit one of their restaurants again.PLEASE do yourself and your family a favor by avoiding Buca de Beppo at all costs. This company should be out of business so something better could fill the space.Go to your local Italian restaurant, run by a local family, rather than this corporate theme restaurant that has forgotten the quality and value that made them famous in the beginning.If we could rate ZERO stars we'd have done so.
4	This is a great spot to go for a good, old-fashioned Italian meal.  The decor is riduculously kitchy and stereotypically "Italian", but a lot of fun.  If you go with kids, I highly recommend asking to sit at the "kitchen table", a booth that's actually located right inside the kitchen!  You get free entertainment as you watch the chefs and waiters scurry about.  (It's usually tough to get this table for dinner, but fairly easy during the lunch hours.)The food is very good, and the "small" portions are easily enough to split between two people.  We ordered a "sampler" meal, which included ravioli, cannelloni, stuffed shells, and manicotti.  Delicious!  Our little guy ordered the spaghetti and meatballs off of the kids' menu, and barely finished half of his meal.  Prices are reasonable, given the portion sizes, and I have found several coupons for $10 off of a minimum $20 purchase, which is a great deal!Tip: Come for your birthday and receive a free dessert (if you have room)!
1	Wow! I guess I'm not the only one that will never go back. First off We stopped going about a year ago only because money got tight. This used to be my favorite place. Its always been expensive but you used to get what you paid for. The meals stayed extreamly expensive but the portion sizes got a lot smaller. The spaghetti sauce was tasteless  The garlic bread used to come in a pizza pie pan and was covered with butter and garlic. It was delectable. Now, $8 gets you a small dry pieces of crap. I could have made this at home for about .99 cents. The waiter and management were very un-accommodating when it came to a $10 gift card that wasn't actually good in another 2 hours. Come on give us a break. No chocolate milk for the kids. Pepsi products BIG MISTAKE!   And the final straw,, The icecream desert clearly said 6 scoops of ice cream on the menu. I counted 2. Sorry Buca, Never Again!
2	We went out to Bucca on Monday night. While the food was decent the service was horrible. First we started out with a male server that seemed to find waiting on us as a burden. Then a female server took over who had no idea about service. OUr drinks sat empty, nobody asked us how the food was and the check literally took over 10 minutes to arrive- even after asking for it. I'm not sure I'd ever go back.
4	Buca di Beppo is my favorite chain Italian Restaurant.  I am not a big fan of chains, but there is something about Buca di Beppo that makes me come back for more.  Typically, you want to go with a big group because the portion sizes are huge.  Buca di Beppo has done a good job creating smaller entrees for even a serving size of 2 people.My favorite dish is the eggplant parmigiana, but they had a recent scare of Salmonella in the Eggplants.  I wish I knew this earlier because I was really excited for it.  This is why I am not giving my experience a 5 star, lol.  We ended up getting a lemon chicken dish, baked ziti, and green beans.  The lemon chicken had a light butter, olive oil, and capers.  It went well with the green beans that was cooked in olive oil.  The baked ziti is a new item, and we got it for free because March was a trial run to see how people liked the item.  The baked ziti kind of made up for the lack of the eggplant dish I crave for.I am surprised by the lower ratings for this restaurant, but it may be due to the several Italian options in Scottsdale and Mesa.
2	Dont waste your time, or money. This place is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is great, especially for large parties. They are very accommodating for something like that. However the food is not that great, I would recommend Olive Garden over Bucca any day.
4	Enjoyed a fun visit with a big group of friends recently. Service was EXCELLENT and food was perfect size for all of us to share.  The food was delicious....not necessarily authentic, but it was served hot, fresh, and tasted great. I would definitely go back to this location again in the future.
1	Very disappointing.  First, I really hate that they walk you through the kitchen on your way to your table.  It seems so unsanitary.  Then, as soon as we sit down, the up-selling starts.  I really, really hate it when a server goes over and over the drinks and appetizers trying to up-sell you.  I can read a menu.  I don't need every drink and appetizer described to me.  Same thing with dessert.  I understand that you see my children and think that by going on and on about the desserts that my children are going to beg and plead to get dessert and that I'll cave.  Nope - not going to happen. I had the bruschetta and it was such a huge disappointment.  It was chopped tomatoes slapped on top of a huge loaf of garlic bread.  The best part of real bruschetta is the crispy, toasted bread followed by the garlicy tomato topping.  This was nothing more than diced tomatoes with no seasoning on top of a huge loaf of bread - the result was bland and mushy and nearly impossible to eat.  seriously gross. We then had the chicken pesto pizza.  Again - gross.  It was positively dripping in pesto cream sauce.  It had so much sauce on it that the cheese on top slid off and the sauce dripped all over the place.  Really, really unpleasant.  Also, we were there at 4:30 so the place wasn't busy yet but, the service moved at a turtles pace.  Maybe it was so slow because the server was up-selling every other table as well.  On and on and on.......about the appetizers, drinks etc....  Overall a huge disappointment.  I will not go back there again.
2	A more cheesey and expensive olive garden. The food is greasy and sits like a lump in your stomach.
3	I think the food was good but not unique. The service was very good.  The decorations were very nice with maybe a little overkill. My only real complaint was that the booth smelled like mildew.
5	Great atmosphere, drinks, and menu selection. Love the off the menu option of mussels! Absolutely delicious and the wait staff ROCKS! Will be back!
4	I went to Buca the other day with my in-laws. It is definitely a place to go if you all have similar tastes, or else nobody will be happy. I personally liked the food a lot, but I was craving good comfort food and it definitely delivered.
2	Bland, Americanized Italian fare, with poor service, and over-the-top campy decor.  I realize it's part of the schtick or "charm" if you insist, but it's still a bit much, and serves to only slightly deflect attention away from the mediocre food. If you are not a party of 12 or more, don't expect a lot of attention.
2	#1 cool thing about Bucca is the family portions. Love that you can come in and serve the family out of central bowls of spaghetti. It's Almost as good as eating at home. Downside, they use processed white wheat when they make the food. If they used whole wheat, this restauant  would jump to 4 stars in my eyes.
3	We love Buca.  It's a different kind of Italian food (compared to Carrabba's or Olive Garden).  The menu is quite varied, and also features seasonal items.  Conventional pasta, baked pasta, and various entrees such as chicken marsala.I had the Penne ala Vodka this time.  Very tasty.  It has no meat, however.  But still very tasty.  This is from their fall menu.My wife had Bucatini ala Enzo.  It was really good.  Also from the fall menu.Their calamari is really good.  Tender with a really nice marinara dipping sauce.They serve mostly "family style", so you get a large plate or bowl and everyone helps themselves.  Even with the large quantity it is a bit pricey, but they publish coupons frequently (and if you join their email club you get even more coupons).  I marked the price as "moderate", but the "small" really does feed up to three people (and the large up to 6), so you could argue the "per person" cost is actually "cheap".
2	We went there on a Saturday night, and it was swamped.  We waited a little while, but did get seated in a reasonable amount of time.    Talk about overpriced and not very good.  We both got the spaghetti and there was hardly any sauce on it, so we asked for a side dish, and the size of the side dish of sauce (for both of us) was laughable.  It had a decent taste, that's why there's two stars instead of one.  I had to ask again for more sauce, and they brought us another little tiny dish of sauce.   And we also sat there for a good long time with empty soda glasses.  I would never go back to this place.
2	We went to Bucca Di Beppo on Sunday night and the service was horrible.  We ordered an appetizer of Garlic Cheese bread and 2 small pasta dishes (we love leftovers) and a small Chicken Parmesan.  We had waited for quite some time for the appetizer.  When I asked our waitress about it she said as soon as it was done she would get it to us.  Right after she left the table our dinner came delivered by another worker.  Our waitress came over again and said she would check on the bread....I told her to forget it...it was an appetizer and now we have our dinner. It was obvious she forgot to add it to the order and instead of owning the mistake seemed put off by me.  She was less than interested in serving us.  We usually like Bucca but the prices are high for service that sucks and food that is becoming average.
2	The business has a small Lg. Chopped Antipasto Salad and it's not chopped very well. The one in Scottsdale makes a huge and  awesome Lg. Chopped Antipasto Salad. Put some muscle into it peeps!
2	Average, average, average.  It's not bad, but there simply is no "wow" factor that you want when you go to a restaurant.  The family style forces two people to agree on what they want any given night, and I don't like being boxed in.  Food is good, but nothing really what I would call above average.  Service is friendly and very good, but can't really overcome the middle of the line everything here.  Sorry; wish it was more exciting.
4	For a chain Italian place Buca isn't bad. Service is good, even when they are booked, food is pretty consistent as far as quality goes. It probably won't make you say Mamma Mia! in excitement, but it will fill you and your families tummy for a price that might. ;)A family of four could easily eat here for $50 (tip included) if you have one of the $10 off coupons that they send out monthly.
4	I always come here with those $10 off coupons from the mail of $25-$30 meals.I love the food.I always order Frutti di Mar.My fav. dish. Service is good whenever I go...
5	As far as chain Italian restaurants go, this leads the pack.We are used to Buca being extremely busy and noisy (holidays, weekend nights, etc), but we came in for dinner on a mid-week night. The restaurant was nearly empty, quiet, and the staff was welcoming on our way to our table.We got Donny as our waiter. He is extremely lively (he admits his enthusiasm; ha), accommodating, understanding, and personable.Given their huge menu, we took forever to place our order. They do serve "family style", so most dishes can be split for 2 people. If you are there with one other person, you could get one dish and a side, or two dishes if you both want each others food and are fairly hungry.We decided to start with the Antipasti Buca Trio. We had a shellfish allergy at our table, but the manager and the waiter were both understanding and went above and beyond to make our order conform to our needs. For the record they are also able to accommodate gluten-intolerant guests and offer a separate one-sheet laminated menu upon request.The calamari was crunchy, and the portion size in the trio was good. The breading wasn't too thick, the calamari wasn't greasy, and the marinara sauce was for dipping was delicious (they offer jars of the stuff for sale).Their stuffed mushrooms were the best we've had. Compared to some other restaurants, these mushrooms were fairly large, the stuffing was overflowing, and the pesto they were served over was creamy and nutty.We ordered the Chopped Salad (wonderful dressing, large portion), Chicken Carbonara with whole grain penne pasta (can be ordered in any dish), and the Chianti Braised Short Ribs.The portion for the short ribs was two fairly large slabs of beef. This dish did not have sides, so one hungry person could finish the entree, or it can be split. The ribs themselves were sub-par; they were fairly grizzly (a lot of fat around the edges and throughout). The meat was moist and juicy though, and the sauce was sweet, savory, and delicious. After cutting away all of the grizzle, I was able to easily finish the two pieces of beef.The Carbonara was very good. A lot of prosciutto and chicken throughout, and it was seasoned very well with no additional salt necessary.Although fairly full at this point, we cannot visit an Italian restaurant without trying the Tiramisu. Wow!! Our favorite Tiramisu we've ever tried. Although there wasn't as much espresso and rum flavor as I would have hoped, it was so creamy and delicious. The portion size was huge, it was well priced, and I would go back ten-fold just for the dessert!! The best part?? The walnut brownie chunks served on top!Love Buco, would recommend this location, and ask for Donny if you can handle a lot of enthusiasm and laughter. Sure it is expensive, but for a special occasion it is wonderful. Get the Tiramisu!!
4	Popes round table is the best place to sit with a large group! Out of everywhere my book club has tried this is our collective favorite. We can see and hear each other, our service is always good and so is our food. I know we will be back in the future!
3	Great food. However, 5 USD for one meatball is a little bold!
4	We've been coming here for years. Although, most of our visits are for to-go orders. The service has always been friendly and we like the food. We usually don't veer off our regular items. We stick with chicken limone, chicken Marsala, and spaghetti with meat sauce and meatballs. Remember the food items are family style and the prices are the high moderate side. My family of 5 can eat here for under $80, but you can easily pay $100 if you get another side or dessert.I'm glad they are generous with their fresh bread!Come here dressed casual as many families dine at this location.
2	Make sure you specify that you want the garlic mozzarella bread with your entree ($7.99) not an appetizer($9.99) even though its not listed on the menu as an appetizer. According to the manager they got new menus in January...I wonder how much extra money they made from this mistake for almost 2 months? Oh and we were the first people to notice! Ha Food was good service horrible. Now I remember why I don't come here.
5	We come here for every birthday in the family and we have NEVER been disappointed. The staff is always so friendly, the food is always fabulous and everyone leaves with a smile on their face.
2	do not get the veal marsala, way too sweet. one of the servers was way rude, and the management leaves a lot to be desired. They are not nearly as "family friendly" as it seems. Very disappointed with staff & treatment - my family will NOT be going backUpdate: management did contact me...stated would look into treatment & gave coupon to try again. Haven't been back, yet
3	Good food.......too expensive though......i'd rather pay less and take home less leftovers.After living 30 yrs in ny......fresh bread.....no...good fresh bread is absolutelyA must in an italian restaurant.Worst cold bread ever!Sorry buca......its the truth.....even the server admitted she hears this from customers.Want insane bread....check out BABBO !! Yum!!!Ps....my girlfriends Buca ravioli were really good !!!
1	My wife and I have been going to Buca di Beppo for a long time and it used to be good. To start - the hostess was extremely rude. She was going to place us at a table by screaming kids, so I asked to sit somewhere else. She got annoyed with us, grabbed the menus off the table, and then put us at a different table, tossed the menus down, rolled her eyes and walked away.....wow! Second - The food was very bland, the pasta dish we got tasted like spaghettios...yuk. Third - I had to use the bathroom, and what a shocker......There was urine all over and around the urinal, toilets had urine running down sides of the toilet, the hand towel dispenser had tons of dust on it, poop was smeared around the kids changing table, mildew was around the sinks and mirrors, floor was extremely sticky, bathroom smelled like urine, and to top it off there were bloody boogers smeared on the wall. I told the waitress that the bathroom needed to be cleaned that is was discusting. She must of mentioned it to the manager because he came to the table and asked me rudely what my problem was that the bathroom was up to his standards. WOW! I was so mad that the manager thought the bathroom was clean that I went back into the bathroom and took pictures and showed them to the waitress. She was even grossed out. Manager needs to be fired! Needless to say we will never be returning to this place EVER!
2	Can you say- alot of food. First time patron and wasn't that impressed. It's alright nothing spectacular. Just feels like and taste like your at olive garden on steroids.
5	I actually wrote a review about the Arrowhead location a couple weeks back, and was contacted by management. They offered to make it right and sent me a gift card to come back. My final tab was like $1.02.With that being said, I had a MUCH better experience here. We tend to joke around with waitstaff a lot, and it's usually a good judge of how the service will be. At Arrowhead, our server was in such a "hurry" that she didn't bother to converse with us. Courtney at this Mesa location was very involved with the three tables in our section and definitely rolled with the punches. She even brought the birthday candle/song over for my wife (as our meal at Arrowhead was initially for her bday).I left happy and full. Carbonara and the mini meatballs were solid. Much better than my last visit!
1	I went back here finally after 3 years of staying away. What a dissapointment. The prices went way up, the food way down, and the attitude has not changed. NOW, I can say I will never return. Ate 1 bite of lasagne and did not like it, TOO too much acid. Server said "just take it home and eat it tomorrow". If that was the case, I would have. For 30.00, I could have went to Olive Garden and really enjoyed it. Spent 180 for nothing and left hungry, no apology or offer to change it, I am never returning to this DUMP!!!!
1	It's easier to count the things right than wrong with this place. 'Free' birthday brownie cost $5 on the bill, waitresses response was 'sorry' as she walked away. Food tastes as if it has been sitting all day then microwaved. The taste in my mind was this, think of a catered lunch at work and you miss out when it is initially served. Go back a few hours later, pick up a few soggy pieces of chicken parm and throw them into the microwave. Presto, you have our experience tonight. Portions are good, but good portions of crap is still crap. After coming here for my wife's birthday and us all leaving feeling less than satisfied I will not be back here, and would not recommend this place to anyone. For less than half the $100 bill we could have went to Olive Garden and had better food with less of a headache.
5	My wife and I love this place so much we are catering my birthday dinner from them. great people, nice prices and flavorful. Thanks so much Buca!
5	Coupons. Bring them. If you live in Chandler or Gilbert you should get them in the mail. If you don't then Google it. They can save you $10. That being said with a coupon this place is cheap for what you get. The portions are Small or Large. Don't get it twisted, small is not small. It is regular size for a average sized person.  I've never left hungry. Not to mention they stuff you with FREE bread before you food comes which is delicious.  Once the food comes out it is usually very hot and it always delicious. Yes, the service can sometimes be a little slow, but usually not for me because I am friends with a few people that have now served me many times. Treat people right and they will want to do the same for you.  Everyone is usually very friendly. This is one of my favorite places out there. I have never been disappointed yet. I can't think of any areas for opportunity so for that it must be 5 stars.
1	Not a very good take out experience.   We ordered a salad and 3 pasta dishes.  Salad was fine but all 3 pasta dishes disappointedPenne San remo was dry.   Spaghetti with meat sauce seemingly skipped most of the meat sauce and the Quattro al forno was a tiny portion for $21Would not suggest take out from buca.   The price/value relationship is way off
4	Love this place. The atmosphere is crazy cool and the food is good. The dishes are large and leave plenty to eat the next day. Have made this our regular weekly place to eat. Staff is friendly and service is good.
4	We came to Buca di Beppo on Christmas day because nobody wanted to cook!  Being that it was Christmas day, this was probably one of the only restaurants that was open and they were sure busy!  Luckily, we had reservations.  Our reservations were for 4:15 and we got there on time and were seated just  minutes after checking in.  We saw others come in without reservations and the wait time was a whopping 2.5 hours.  Ouch.  They were so busy, in fact, that while we waited for our table, we heard the workers say, "That's it on to-go orders!  No more to-go!" In addition, we were seated next to the bar and by the time we were leaving (around 6 p.m.) we heard the bartender say that they were pretty much out of everything.  (They were still going to be open another 2-3 hours.)  Lucky for us, none of these things affected our meal.  Our server was nice and efficient.  We enjoyed a long meal starting with bread with oil and vinegar and the calamari appetizer, on to the apple and gorgonzola salad and minestrone soup, followed by our main course of Chicken Parmesan and some kind of spicy Penne dish.  I imagine that the busy staff must've felt stressed and pressure to turn tables, but we never felt rushed and were able to enjoy our meal.  They did not cut any corners on the food or service and to me, everything seemed on par with a normal night here.  I'd happily come back on another Christmas day, keeping in mind that reservations are a necessity and the earlier, the better to avoid not being able to get what you want because of potential food or drink shortages.
3	Service and food was good, would had liked bigger portion size for the price. The small size did not feed me and my girlfriend.
1	One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.  First the stuffed shells they brought my friend and I were filled with a runny filling which resembled baby food.,we were both disgusted. Sent it back after two bites, and the portion (a large) is supposedly supposed to feed 4-6 "people", maybe those people come from lollipop land because it's small for $30 (maybe ten shells)... So we got the chicken parmisian instead. 6 peices of thin chicken breast for $30, no pasta with it... It was OK. Not great. Then when I commented negatively to the manager on our bill being $66 , after I had taken two bites of the shells, and half of a single chicken breast -- she was extremely rude, and condisending. I won't be back. Ever. This place is owned by planet Hollywood too, so if u like corporate dog food which you'll pay too much for, then go for it.
5	So I have only been to Buca Di Beppo about 3 times: once for prom in high school, once last year for my sister's birthday, and once two days ago. Now, knowing that I am Deaf and restaurants tend to be very difficult for me to hear in, my friend and I requested a table that was in a more quiet section. Our hostess seated us at a booth in the bar, and it was actually really nice. The music wasn't super loud, and we were actually able to hear each other. The decor is very eclectic, with everything kind of everywhere, but it works. The only negative I could say is that we waited for about 10 minutes before anyone came over to get our drink order, and the table was slightly sticky. Our server was really nice and very knowledgeable about the wines and what each entree came with. We ended up getting the artichoke spinach dip, cheese manicotti, and baked ziti. She also got a pizza to take home to her husband. Our actual server was less than impressive, only coming by once or twice. However, the bartender was more attentive, making sure we had plenty of refills and bread. The prices are higher, each plate costing around $20. However, the portions are monstrous, and served as "family style", so you get plenty for your money (two days later and I STILL have left over baked ziti).The highlight of our meal was the double dark chocolate cake... holy moly... absolutely delicious. All in all, I would recommend this location. It is a super fun, relaxed environment and the food is really good.
4	First time here and we really enjoyed ourselves. We came here as a group of about 30. Everything is served family style, meaning a small serving serves 2 and a large serves 4. Everyone definitely left full. Leftovers weren't a problem. Tin pans are available upon request. You enter this restaurant through the kitchen which makes you feel like VIP. Loved the atmosphere and the staff was able to accommodate our large party with no issues. If you have a large family or group, this place is worth the visit. Good food and good service.
2	Had dinner there the other night.   Restaurant was dead but food took forever. Spaghetti sauce was watery and spaghetti was not al dente.  Chicken parm was bland.  Bread was stale.  Waiter was very sweet and apologetic.   Been here before and it has been very good.  Guess they got complacent.  Left angry
2	Ok, so I had a cousin who had a graduation party here (25 people total)..  Don't know why they picked this place either.Anyways, I heard beforehand they paid about $15 per person (25 people, you do the math) and read Yelp reviews on the place.  All the negative had me worried, but I guess I can't complain to much because it was free on my part.We were in little corner of the room, squishing all 25 people (really warm in there too).  The waitresses came around, who were pretty nice, and asked for our drinks.  About maybe 10-15 minutes later the salads came out.  They were passing around the bowls and each got whatever amount salad they wanted.  The salads were nothing special, just the greens and the dressing. After eating the bland salad, they gave out some spaghetti and cheese ravioli.  The spaghetti tasted very watered down and the meat seemed like there wasn't any spices to it.  I've had better spaghetti with just Prego sauce and cheap angel hair noodles.  The ravioli were a little better, but nothing worth what they paid for.I feel bad for them with how much they spent.  Could of totally found a better place for a lot less
2	Eh, Alfredo is better at Olive Garden and spaghetti was bland BUT calamari and stuffed mushrooms are amazing! Love they take you to your seat through the kitchen. I'd recommend appetizers and Italian soda :) servers are great, friendly atmosphere
3	We walked in on a Saturday night with a party of 15. Knowing they might not be able to accomodate us, we had other options in mine. We were told we could be seated in just a few minutes. Well, 20 minutes later the table is finally ready. Our server was nice, but overwhelmed. It took at least 10 minutes just to get drinks out to the table, and they were non alcoholic. There was a table of prom kids behind our table, and when they left, the table sat with dirty plates all over it for at least 15 minutes. Not very appetizing, plus I felt bad for the next group having to wait until the table got cleaned. The plus side is that the food was great! When we finally got it. Very slow out of the kitchen. The server couldn't even go around our table to refill water or coffee because the table behind us was so close- very annoying. So, I will rate this place a 3 star. Hire some bussers. Teach your staff to pre bus. Have more than one server on a party of 15. Food was very good, but it took a LONG TIME.
1	I rarely write a review critical of a business, my tendency is to want to praise people for doing well.  In this case I hope to provide some actionable items for the leadership team to help them improve their performance.  Unfortunately I had a less than pleasurable experience at this place of business last night.  We had a coupon for $10 off a purchase of $30 or more, so my wife, two kids and I decided we would enjoy a nice early dinner out together.When we arrived, we were seated in a small room with a large party of about 18 people.  We were the only other people in the room and being as it was early; there was ample space for them to have seated us elsewhere.  We were immediately taken aback by how loud this party was, we could barely here each other speak as we sat in our booth.  It became clear to us very quickly that many members of this party had been over served cocktails as the volume of their conversations increased and the vulgarities flowed like water in front of my wife and kids.The waiter asked for our drink orders, so we placed our order.  My wife asked for a diet Pepsi with a lime and he was quick to tell us that they didn't have limes, but he could give her a lemon if she needed it.  This was an odd comment to us being as we witnessed the large party get cocktail after cocktail with limes in them.  I was also surprised when the bill came to realize that each drink we ordered was $3.00.  I think that is kind of steep for sodas and ice tea.  Oh well.The waiter brought our drinks and some house bread.  I have to say that the house bread was pretty lousy.  As we unwrapped our silverware, we found that exactly half of the silverware was ridiculously dirty with large amounts of food dried onto the utensils.  Yuck!Our food arrived in a timely manner, which was nice, but I was surprised at the portions and quality compared to the price.  My son had the kid's pizza which was to his liking.  We got the garlic mozzarella bread, which was pretty good, but the portion was not what I expected for $10.  We had the chicken parmesan, which was good.  We also had lasagna that was completely cold in the middle, which make it less that pleasant to eat.Needless to say, our experience was not what we had hoped it to be.  I would hope that the leadership team and staff would show more of a commitment to appropriate seating, responsible service of cocktails, cleanliness, honesty and quality of food.  I would not recommend this restaurant to my family and friends.
2	My wife and I went to Bucca di Beppo.  We shared a Caprese Salad and a Penne San Remo.  Given that we have eaten better Italian food in metro Phoenix, I do not rate this place that highly.  For what it is, they are overcharging you.  Spend your money elsewhere on a better Italian food.  You will get better value.
1	First and only time we will eat at these stores/chain. 1) food quality is awful. Dry. Tasteless. Just downright nasty. 2) the decor of the store is horrendous. Worse than the food. It looks like a New Jersey yardsale threw up inside. 3) service was OK but no one can hear anything when the birthday chant is screaming out at 100 decibels. 4) ick. 5) our tab for 'small' plates and a bottle of $10 Chianti was $123.  And we ordered a salad, veal parm (toughest veal ive EVER eaten) and a pasta side. Ridiculous!!  We felt like someone robbed us. 6). Hideous. Dont spend your money in this chain. Nastier than Olive Garden, and THAT is tough to accomplish.
4	Everything was awesome!! My husband & I had Chopped Anti Pasta,  Lasagna, Veal Pharm., & a big ole meatball. Donny is a crack-up....,good job!!!!
5	Our daughter had a wedding reception dinner at this location on Sat. June 28, 2014, 25-30 people.  We took up an entire room, 2 large tables.  The staff was very accommodating, on the ball, nice, responsive and cheery.  Each course was timed perfectly and there was no wait from one large table to the other.  The food was delicious, hot and fresh.We could not been more pleased.  I would recommend this location to anyone.They know how to feed a large party efficiently!
5	This is my first time here. I love it. I was skeptical at first because of the reviews but I'm glad I came in. I suggest try it yourself and don't base it of of the reviews about $$. If you go and order 2 dinners your paying anywhere from 10 up on a plate. It's the same here except it's one huge plate. The Penne Basilica I got was huge. It states feeds 2 or more and now I have plenty to take home and eat later. I loved the little tour we got while being taken to our seats that was pretty cool! Also ask for Alyssa she was our waitress and was super nice and friendly. What are you waiting for STOP reading this and get down there!
1	A disgrace to Italians everywhere.  To consider this Italian food, we may as well consider Pizza Hut an Italian restaurant.  I do not normally go to chain Italian restaurants, but was here for a group dinner.  Unseasoned food... Very bland.  I have literally had better hospital food.  No exaggeration.  Decor and atmosphere was reasonable.  Don't waste your time here.
1	Really disappointing. It feels like they've lost all their passion for creating a fun environment with good food. Just another chain with folks who really don't want to come to work. Seriously don't bother. Restaurant felt dirty and definitely lack luster. Weird sewer smell and dusty everywhere. Children's drawings crumpled on floor. Food was ok at best and service was pretty bad. Highly overpriced for what you get. Unfortunate because it used to be pretty good. Will not be back.
1	The service was good and our server was very friendly but the food was extrememly sub par. Literally zero flavor! You could tell the tomatoes used in the sauce were not ripe and the pasta was overcooked and falling apart. Extremely overpriced for what it is. I added as much parmesan and pepper as possible to try to vamp it up and I basically took two bites before giving up n the dish all together (Penne alla Vodka). My husband ordered a house specialty Spicy shrimp dish and it tasted exactly the same as mine. I can honestly say we will never be going back.
4	Buca di Beppo is a great place to go for a family dinner.  The dishes are all served "family style", made for sharing.  I went here with my extended family for Papa's birthday--total bill for 20 people, most of whom were kids, came to just over $200, which is not cheap, but we ordered a lot of food. My personal favorite was the chicken limone.  Lemony deliciousness.
4	The kitchen table for kids is the bomb. I loved it.Good food. Humongous servings and good taste. A little pricey, if you ask my opinion.Spaghetti with meatballs and penne with added shrimp, really good.Rosemary side potatoes could be skipped.Colossal brownie Sunday, well, colossal and delish.Cheers
2	Environment is interesting albeit needing some clean up, staff is friendly and efficient!  Now for the negatives: this is definitely an Americanized Italian food place.  All the pastas were overcooked and overpriced.  The main dishes were not very flavorful, chicken was tender, seafood overcooked, sauces uninspired.  I love warm bread but the garlic mozzarella bread was almost inedible I'm sad to say.  The desert had mostly whipped cream, a little ice cream and a chunk of brownie.  Overall impression is overpriced, over cooked, under flavored.  There is no way I will be back!
2	Family style dining not really my thing. What they lack in quality they make up for in quantity, also not my style. We got a dish to share that was supposedly a restaurant favorite, it was very bland. Service was okay, overall disappointing.
5	Fun place. Numerous office meetings held there.Always enjoy the food. Obvioudly people appreciatewhen they offer you their fork and ask you to try something. Many compliments.
5	We had a great experience here from start to finish. The service was exceptional and we tried one of their specialty pastas that had prosciutto, Spicy sausage and ricotta cheese. We shared a small and had leftovers for dinner the next day. Garlic bread rounded out our meal and unfortunately had no room for dessert though it looked wonderful as well. Love the warmth and decor of this place and hope to return sometime soon.
2	Ok where to start...As the picture said not enough chicken for your money. Maybe if it had pasta. But speaking of the pasta, the stuffed shells had no sauce,  the rigatoni was too spicy for most of our crowd, but the parmesan was good. The caprese had almost green tomatos and was not a great portion size. They were not expecting us to eat anything as they provided no serving utensils until we asked and asked and asked every time they brought out a dish. Mama got a soup spoon to dish out the Alfredo sauce that was requested on the side. Took her forever to pass the bowl!!!!! All in all though the Pope Room was fun.....some slightly creepy pictures and a head under glass...but we wouldn't come back.
4	Great place for large group, and food is tasty!
3	Visited for the first time on New Year's Eve night. Our server was great! A little disappointed because we are all Coke drinkers and they only serve Pepsi, but that's besides the point. Our bread was cold, one of our pasta dishes were lacking in the sauce and chicken department. The plates are large, but overpriced since the majority of it is pasta. Ordered the appetizer meatballs we loved. I definitely wouldn't go back unless I had a coupon. A cute place to visit at least once, who knows, they had tons to choose from, perhaps we didn't order the right meal. :/
1	Me and my husband got take out from here and we're not impressed, to say the least...  We got fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and it was horribly bland. It tasted like nothing. The mozerella garlic bread just tasted like fried bread- there was no flavor or seasoning and you couldn't even taste the mozzarella.  The food was supposed to be ready at a certain time but it took them 20 minutes to get us the food (and we even arrived 5 minutes behind schedule). It was our first time here and the signs for take out said 'curb side service' but no one ever came out so we had to go in and the hostesses weren't exactly helpful or welcoming- indifferent is a good word.  Perhaps online it should state you need to go in to pick up the food (as some resteraunts actually take it out to you when you order to go and paid online already) or change the signs that say 'curb side service' because this is misleading.After waiting 20 minutes to get our food that we had ordered an hour earlier- you would think it would be piping hot but it was more like lukewarm- and that's being generous.The portion size was pretty big, we got the smaller size and I think it could feed at least three people or more...Unfortunatley the food here is just blah and we will not be returning, first impressions and all...If you are looking for good Italian food- keep looking!
4	Great food, huge portions.  Great for a family or friends get together.
5	This place has very good food and definitely friendly servers. We were a group of 4 and even though it was super busy at the time that we went (Tuesday @ 7) during winter break; we were served really quickly and efficiently. Our server was amazing. He definitely deserves some stars. The food was well-seasoned. I went to Italy over the summer and I rather have these guys food.
5	Just got finished dinner with the swimming and diving team. Overall a great experience- the service was out of this world and they all were very friendly. Our team is here for Training trip and we are originally from Rochester, NY. The meal was really good and I can't wait to go back to another Buca in New Jersey. Overall great meal!!!
