1	Overrated and underwhelming.  The place is messy like a Walmart on Boxing Day.  The brand names are scarce.  Not what I expected.  Sure it's crowded because it just recently opened, but they could have done much better.
2	I'll admit that my visit was with great anticipation and anxiety. Will they be able to make this place like the American stores or will they be limited by the Canadian market like most other stores?The dream didn't come true. The 2 story place feels like a disorganized Zellers (same colors) with little cohesion to product placement.What I found most impressive were the lack of brand names and more importantly the higher prices in general compared to Walmart or Maxi.Are you not selling mostly the same product as them? Why id your store on average 10-10% more expensive than theirs? It didn't make sense. Did they try to cash in to the hype of the grand opening? Absolutely. The problem is, they will and have turned off a lot of potential long term clients.I'd given it 1 star but the store didn't force me to buy anything and I still did, some cute baby articles for my baby daughter that my wife appreciated but will I come back, maybe in a few months... one thing is for sure though... it won't be the first place I'll think of when buying things I need.
2	One word: NO.Having been to Target in the US, I was anticipating its opening here in Quebec. However, after one visit, I quickly decided this wasn't the place for me. There's absolutely nothing special about Target; it's basically a cleaned up version of Zellers' twin. Even the color scheme is similar. I hated Zellers! It was such a dull and depressing store - kinda like Dunkin Donuts - the place where retail souls go to die. No thanks. All of that being said, the Canadian version doesn't carry the same stuff as the US. I went there in great hopes of finally finding a very specific item that I know the US stores carry, only to leave empty-handed. Me no likey - too much hypey.
2	The Canadian version of Target is a sad state of affairs compared to the American version of Target. The stock of things available is simply not the same nor are the prices on things.In many ways, I'd even say Target doesn't even compare to Walmart as this location replaced a Walmart. Perhaps words won't convince you but perhaps the sheer lack of people in this store compared to Walmart will. Coming here on a Sunday when it used to be Walmart would be jammed pack with parking a long distance away. I drove up on Sunday and plenty of parking was available 50 feet from the entrance. When the store was opened the first month, there were line-ups to check out... now cashiers are bored waiting on people. Needless to state the excitement of Target has already waned to sad levels.But why? I did mention poor stocking and bad prices but how bad are they?Pretty bad.You can compare Target to a Walmart so why, on average, are things 10-20% more expensive than theirs? It doesn't make sense and the people are no longer there in abundance.I wanted some things for the baby, prices were about 5-15$ more than what I buy elsewhere... and this number is even more disparaging when Walmart runs specials.It's not even a debate. They have a nice Carter's selection though, bought a few things but honestly, Target... you need to wake up before you go the way of the Zellers.
