5	Love Love Love! Came to Stagioni's on a 'pre-open' and the food was delicious! I can honestly say that the salmon is to die for. The risotto is also another one of my favorites. I highly doubt you could go to this restaurant and not be satisfied. The staff is very attentive and kind, the atmosphere is incredibly relaxed, and the building itself is gorgeous. Don't miss out on a great new addition to Charlotte! Will be returning :)
4	Fabulous dinner...incredible homemade pasta....wonderful starters....fantastic service. We were there the 1st Sat. Night after opening & everything went perfectly.Stagioni is just beautiful...perfect atmosphere. Love that they take dinner reservations.Another wonderful addition to the growing Charlotte restaurant scene!
5	If you're a fan of Good Food on Montford (same people behind Stagioni and Barrington's) you must, must, must try Stagioni.  (The name, BTW, means 4 seasons.)  Farm-centric, in-house everything.  Well executed and balanced and the service really knows the menu. To give you an idea of what we ate...er, what DIDN'T we eat?  4 of us got about 15 dishes to share, and every bite was excellent. Standouts: Housemade ricotta. Cauliflower truffle spread.  Chicken skins.  (Which taste real meaty and delicious.  They actually ran out the night we dined b/c they're so popular.) Grilled octopus (oh man, the sauce...we lapped up the sauce long after the tentacles were all gone...) agnolotti (all homemade pastas...as they should be) and this crazy delicious parsnip puree and brussels sprout pizza. Oh, and the dessert zeppoli are possibly the lightest, most addicting melt-in-your-mouth delicious way to end a meal.  PS:  Take note of the cool decor, including the fake-out bookshelf that's really a door.  Also, they've got prosecco on tap (how cool!?) and their pear cocktail is simply light and sweet and smooth.  PPS: The dress-up scale on this place is about the same as GF.  You could wear a suit, or wear jeans and a button up and be perfectly comfortable.
5	I was fortunate to try Stagioni on one of the "Friends and Family" opening nights and I liked it so much that I went back 2 nights later!  In fact I was scoping out the menu on that first night and figuring out that whatever we didn't order that night I would just get on my next trip in.For me there was never a question of not liking this place, Barrington's and Good Food are my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and I knew this place was going to be on par, if not better because its Italian and I LOVE Italian food!!  The design really is beautiful, from the floors, to the bathroom chandelier, to the cool picture spread out over the dining room ceiling, you can tell a lot of work went into making this place look good.But the most important part, the food and drinks!  I have only had beer and wine so far, prosecco on tap, how cool is that??  I like that there is a whole section of spreads, my favorite was the ricotta, I could have licked the bowl clean but that would have been inappropriate so I stopped myself.  The red pepper and truffled cauliflower are good too, but the ricotta is just so creamy and light.  Arancini were delish, but how can you mess up fried balls of rice?  The braciole was another standout, as was the meatball pizza, the brodetto and the fettuccine.  But my new favorite thing in the whole world is the stracci, seriously I have been telling anyone who will listen to order this dish.  It was homemade ribbon pasta, huge shrimp, and pistachios in a light tomato saffron broth.  It was so amazing we were all fighting over who got to finish this dish.  I know I am missing some things but I am sure you get the point, pretty much everything its delicious.Finally, dessert.  They have the pear skillet cake on their menu that Good Food used to have, its served with avocado ice cream and some salted caramel and its truly one of the most unique and delicious desserts I've ever eaten.  I was so sad when GF took it off their menu so I was very happy to see it here.  I also tried the zeppoli's and they were different than other zeppoli's I have had, much lighter so I almost felt like I was being healthy (haha) but still very good.Overall, I was very impressed with Stagioni.  Usually when a restaurant is brand new you expect to have a lot of issues with food and service but I had 2 great experiences and plan on going back again this week, I mean a girl can only go so long without her stracci!!
5	We were visiting Charlotte and were staying nearby. While we were unable to get a reservation (on a Thursday!)we fared even better. We were seated at the pizza bar and watched the wonderful culinary symphony of Chef Larry Schreiber (whom we met that evening) and his staff. The food was excellent, the service superb. The restaurant had only been open about 3 weeks (it's not even on TripAdvisor yet) and the place was packed. No wonder. Definitely a plus for Charlotte and one we'll return to the next time we come to Charlotte.
3	Let me explain for my slightly harsh review. I had super high expectations of this place because of heir sister restaurant, Good Food on Montford, which happens to be my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I think the Muffett Group have what it takes and can take a critic or two from a fan to give them the pushThe decor itself bothers me. I can't put my finger on it. The tables are so close together I almost took a spoonful of my right hand diners risotto. I love Prosecco and they happen to have have it on tap, sounds awesome right? It did To me too until I had it. It tastes like Brut rather than Prosecco, it was dry not sweet but I love bubbles so that wasn't entirely a complaint (drank it with ease). I am convinced that The fried chickpeas are dehydrated and not made in house but unexpected so I give them that. However all the other antipastos aka appetizers we had fell short. I happened to really enjoy the Brussel Sprout Pizza, so unexpectedly delicious. I ordered the veal saltimbocca was so disappointing. While my first few bites I really wanted to like it , the veal was really thin, then followed a layer of cheese and a layer of prosciutto- all this on top was amazing it over powered the veal. The creamy polenta was fantastic though. I have tried to make it a point to only try desserts that are either a staple to the origin of the food served or if it sounds out of the norm...so I tried the Zeppolis which were an airy delight! I also tried the Pear Skilet Cake with Avocado ice cream , sounds amazing right? Yes but individually, not sure of they paired. Why not a salted cartelized bacon in the avocado ice cream? Just not with that cake. I leave it to them to fix. Let me touch on service. The bread with olive oil was served while we were almost done with our appetizers , really? However our service hosts themselves were very friendly.All in all, I'm hoping for a change to come the spring/summer. I hope I won't be disappointed, again.
5	Brussels Sprout Pizza (see photo) ... the end!More?  Okay, here's the real review:Though we arrived without making reservations on a late Friday evening, it didn't take long to get seated at the pizza bar.  The GM (and hostess for the evening) was a friendly, bubbly gal who handled our waiting time expectations very well.  Besides, we didn't mind since it gave us a chance to warm up near the fireplace.  On to the food that evening ...Stuffed Peppadews, Anchovies and Radicchio, & Chicken Skins w/Olive Spread, House-Made Ricotta & Eggplant Caponata - A little gimmicky, but guests can select from a wide array of snacks to whet the appetite.  Of our selection, Chicken Skins, while simple, were executed with precision such that it was light, crispy, and not too greasy.  Also, I could put their Olive Spread on anything - hell, a napkin.  Napkin with Olive Spread?  Seconds, please.  Grilled Octopus - Slightly hesitant on octopus in general, but better than your run-of-the-mill calamari appetizer.  Flavors abound.  Brussels Sprout Pizza - Friggin' amazing.  Fired to perfection in a stone pizza oven, the marriage of pecorino and pancetta complimented the Brussels sprout so well we scarfed down the pizza within minutes.  It had a tinge of heat (spiciness) underscoring the pizza - gotta love that too.  Rest assured, any pizza elsewhere from here out will severely pale in comparison.  YOU MUST GET THIS (and invite me).Gnocchi - IMO, one of the staples to judge an Italian restaurants by.  Stagioni passes the test.Zeppoli - Italian beignets with a scoop of salted caramel gelato.  While the gelato was a great way to end the meal, the beignets could have been baked a little longer.  Hey, every restaurant has to have SOMETHING to work on - this minor point is theirs.A spectacular dining experience.  I look forward to coming back for the Brussels Sprout Pizza (of course) and the Brodetto Di Pesci (the two chicks next to me were loving this mixed seafood dish - think Herbal Essence shampoo commercials).   Oh yeah, big ups to Wilson, yo.  Great service and on-point recommendations.dmo out.
3	My experience was not all that I hoped it would be but I am going to try and keep this review fair and balanced.First impressions...My manager was taking me to dinner to discuss "work-related" things but she loves good food and service as much as I do.  She called 3 times to make a reservation for Tuesday evening but never received a call back. Fail #1.  Moving on....We were excited to be there and the atmosphere was just perfect.  As soon as I pulled up to the restaurant I was excited because even the building has an old-world feel.  The inside decor seems to be a modern twist on a tuscan vibe.  The exposed kitchen, the rustic wood tables, dim lighting, etc.  I loved it.  We were sitting for a while before anyone really greeted us but eventually a young girl came up and poured our water.  She made sure to tell us "I am not your waitress.  I am just here to pour water."  It was almost like she wanted to make sure we didn't ask her for anything else.  Eventually our waitress surfaced and she seemed in a rush and a bit distracted.  I mean the place was packed but the place is only so big so it didn't seem overwhelming but maybe these are the kinks that are still being worked out as a new establishment.  We decided to start with a lemon drop martini.  I followed my boss' lead on this because I don't even know the last time I had a "cocktail" but she wanted me to try it as it is one of her favorites!  Enter Fail #2....The martini was super sweet and not very lemony and it was like drinking straight up lemonade.  I was told that the sugar is usually on the rim and it balances the sour part but this was just all thrown in and not concocted very well honestly.  Even I knew that.  Moving on...We ordered a couple appetizers to start.  At first I thought ordering two appetizers for two people seemed a little piggish but once they came out and they were more in proportion to serve a small child, I was glad we went with two.  We ordered the risotto balls (don't know the fancy italian term) and they were fried balls with a risotto and mozzarella center.  The were served on a plate with a nice marina sauce for dipping.  They were excellent.  3 balls came with the appetizer.  We also ordered the braciole which was very good as well.  It was shaped like a pinwheel and there was a mozzarella cheese in the center.  It was also served with a marinara sauce.  The meat was very tender and the flavor was perfect.  I enjoyed this dish.Fail #3 was because we never got any bread that was supposed to be served prior to our meal.  We asked a waitress about it and she acted like she was perplexed but eventually brought us two rolls.We proceeded to order our entrees and chose two pasta dishes with a side of spinach.  The pasta was very good, creative combinations, nice flavoring, etc.  We got about half way through our meals and realized we never saw the spinach--Fail #4.  Our waitress was absolutely nowhere to be found.  Actually, she was found....found behind the bar.  I don't know if she was on double duty or why she was playing two roles but she was doing neither of them very well.  She never came to check on us during our meal.  We found the "water" girl and told her about our missing spinach so she said she would go take care of it.  Guess what?  She didn't.  Eventually I saw our waitress passing by so I called out for her and told her we never received our spinach.  She apologized but that was that.  She asked if we still wanted it but by that point of course we didn't!  We just asked for the dessert menu.  Desserts:  The pear cake was recommended because it was a staple at "Good Food."  It was served with Avocado ice cream.  The cake was just a bland piece of cake in a little square with maybe 2 very thinly sliced pears on the top.  Odd.  Not great.  The avocado ice cream had a distinct flavor and it was creamy but somewhat bland.  The Zeppolis were the hit.  They were fluffy, light, perfectly coated in powdered sugar and done very well.  My overall expectations were not met.  Good Food and Barrington's are the "talk" in town so I expected more of a sophistication from the staff and management.  I would still come back but I do hope they iron out some of these kinks.
1	Three of us tried to go here last night for a birthday celebration. I made reservations via phone earlier in the week. My friend arrived early to check-in. They denied our reservation, and the hostess was extremely rude. Another friend that was with us said a similar thing happened to her a few weeks earlier when she tried to go with a group of 5 for another bday party.  This type of behavior is completely unacceptable especially for a restaurant/restaurant group of this caliber. If you don't want to take reservations, then fine, but it's poor business to allow patrons to plan a night to fail at your expense.  If you do mess up a reservation, then try to accommodate the customer rather than treating them like they are at fault.  Needless to say, none of my friends will ever be trying this restaurant.  There are too many good restaurants with good customer service to deal with this treatment.
5	The Moffett Bros. just get me. Everything they do is amazing. I walked in here with my wife on Valentine's day with no reservation and was lucky enough to get a table near the bar. Decor- Beautiful, simple, and rustic.(pretty much describes it all)Apps- Olives and stuffed peppadew were both delicious. I am a huge fan of table olives.Pizza- cheese and sauce were good but the real star of the show was the crust/dough. Mains- We had the Fettuccini and Porchetta and the fettuccini was really a standout.. You will not be disappointed.
2	I would love to be able to post a review, but I've not had much luck getting past their inane reservation system.  I tried to make a reservation several evenings only to repeatedly have my call go directly to a voice message saying that due to heavy business they do not answer their phone in the evenings and only take reservations between 2-6pm.   If they're that busy, you would think they could hire someone to answer the phone in the evening hours. I even went as far as calling Barringtons, one of the "sister" restaurants and had no luck there either.   When I did call back the next day, the young lady that answered the phone sounded annoyed by my phone call.   I asked for a reservation a week away only to be rudely told we're all booked.   Not even....is there another night you might want to come....can I put you on a wait list....nothing welcoming or accommodating on her part.  For a restaurant group with the reputation that they have in town, you would think their front of house staff would be better trained.   I hope their good publicity has not gone to their heads.
5	I can not say enough Good Things about Stagioni's from the moment I walked in I felt welcome! We were Warmly Greeted by the Manger and we were seated immediately. The Staff came over to our table immediately and served us water and warm bread while we looked over the menus.The Decor puts you in the mind of Tuscany and is very appeasing to the eye. The intricate details gives your eye something new to explore at all times.  The Kitchen is open to the restaurant so you are able to get a peak at all of the delicious food that is coming out! The best thing about all the pastas and breads are that they are made in house!  Being that I was with a Group of Friends we decided to order an array of different dishes and drinks to do tastings. We order the Meatball Pizza, Rigatoni, Steak Florentine, and my all time favorite the Mushroom Risotto!! It was so good! We topped everything off with the tiramisu cheesecake it will not disappoint!!! I would say this is a Great Place for Date Night and socializing with friends! Be sure to make reservations early this place fills up quick.
2	Stagioni needs extensive work to get on the level with Barringtons or Good Food. The service perhaps needs the most work. Went this past Saturday, and servers were exhasperated and inconvienced. Not really what I was expecting from this restaurant group or after waiting a month to get a reservation. The servers need more training. We only ever got water 1 time, and once we finished the small decanter, we were never refilled in two hours. Certain parts of our order were forgotten/our server didn't appear much at all. The layout and seating are insane. They could do without atleast 5+ tables. Particularly in regards to the tables on the perimeter (the two tops)--I could hardly get into the booth to sit down because there was less than a foot clearance on either side. This restaurant is doing too much for a space this small. All of this could maybe be overcome by outstanding food, but it was really just okay (not on the level of Barringtons at all although the price points are a bit lower). There was a small piece of plastic in our appetizer. Writing this review so that they can get control over the service paricularly if not re-envision the layout.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant.   The appetizers, pizzas, entrees -- all excellent!!  The sausage and peppers and the brussel sprouts pizza -- YUM! The fava bean dip, house made ricotta dip, cauliflower w/ truffle dip -- so good. The house bread too -- delicious.  Also had the flounder with kale which was yummy  You have to have the skillet pear cake with avocado ice cream.  My husband and I fought for the last bite!
5	Best new restaurant in Charlotte! Hands down the most incredible Italian food I've had in this state. Authentic with fresh sauces and pastas. Incredible entrees, excellent service and a unique and fitting atmosphere! It's amazing! Make a reservation. Stagioni is my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Very impressed! Keep it up moffet brothers, you never disappoint.
2	We hadn't been to Charlotte in a while due to hectic work & person schedules, so when we finally planned a weekend trip my sister-in-law was extremely excited for us to try this restaurant.  Her and her husband had been to Stagioni a few times and had loved it every time so we really excited to go here.  The restaurant is small and very intimate, which is fine and it has a great atmosphere.  The first issue, which is really more of a personal opinion and may not bother other people, is that the waitress didn't ever write down any orders.  I usually am pretty particular with how I order, so it makes me nervous when the waiters don't write down my order.  So we were a big group and were pretty hungry so we started with 3 of the "snacks", arancini, brussel sprouts pizza and octopus.  The snacks were all delicious - but seriously tiny!  Think of the size of the condiment pots restaurants will sometimes give you, and that is seriously the size of each snack.  Get the truffled cauliflower - it is seriously one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth!  That item alone would give this place 5 stars, but there were too many other issues.  The pizza was delicious also - my only suggestion is to pre-cut it and skip the scissors, they are huge and awkward and kind of change the mood they're going for.  I didn't eat the octopus but it got mixed reviews at the table.  OK so the big issue - the arancini came and looked amazing!  We all quickly split the 3 pieces in half and each took our half. The first person took a bite and immediately spit it out and the second person did the same.  The balls were frozen in the center!  It was seriously strange.  There shouldn't have been any reason for them to be frozen, but they were. So we told the waitress and she took them away and a few minutes later they brought back a new plate.  The balls were luke warm and just weren't anything like the arancini I'm used - they weren't cheesy at all and were too lemony for my taste.  For the mains, I had the Fettuccini, which was OK, but nothing too special. My husband had the pork saltimbocca which was OK, but had way too much panceta compared to the size of pork and the vinegar in the polenta didn't seem to go.  All in all, the meal was decent but after everything we had heard we were pretty let down.
5	This restaurant is in a white villa type building off of Providence Road.  Plentiful parking is not evident,  but my friend told me that there is parking behind the building.  I parked in the adjoining parking lot.Stagioni is decorated in the Italian country style.  I love the use of wood, and we were given large, cloth napkins, reminiscent of beautiful dish towels.  All I could hear was happy diners until I visited the ladies' room.  Frank was blasting, in a good way.  I wish I was able to hear this music in the dining room.  It would have added to the ambiance.We were given bread in paper bags, along with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  I don't eat bread except for special occasions.  When I tasted these rolls, that is all I wanted.  I had two and don't regret a single bite.I ordered three sides:  spinach, creamy polenta, and wood fired mushrooms.  The plentiful portions were cooked and seasoned just perfectly.  The polenta could have been frozen and turned into a savory ice cream.  It was just that creamy.We finished with a shot of limoncello.  A refreshing ending to a fabulous meal.
4	Staggionis is awesome , we had an amazing meal.1. Service was great and fast and efficient, staff was totally in tune for great dining experience 2. The restaurant is beautiful and charming.3. Now to the food:The Mussels were amazingly good , must haveThe pork belly was good, but I wouldn't order it again The gnocchi was seriously heavenly-order this!The fettuccini with pork ragu was sooo good!The cannoli with pistachio gelato was perfect ending and my girlfriend got the zeppoli and she is still raving about them!Overall a must go to in Charlotte
2	I'm usually a Bruce Moffett fan. Never had a disappointing meal at Barrington's and never had a bad meal at Good Food. I'm sorry but Stagioni fell short of expectations for me. I would put it a long third place vs. the other two.The restaurant is loud when it's busy (and it's usually busy), not a sort of place you like to shout to your friends or when you are on a date in my humble opinion. The ambiance was great for a bar, but the tables were a little too close together for my comfort.The piece of resistance (why can't I create accents on here is beyond me...), the food:The liver mousse was ok, pickled veggies were a bit too drowned in the dressing for my taste. The octopus was nothing out of this world, but I like octopus more than most so I've had very good ones, this place doesn't have it. The best appetizer had to be the pork belly, very nicely done, crunchy skin with a balsamic dressing that cuts the heaviness pretty well - my favorite dish of the evening. The veal was not good - you can't make something good just by adding bacon on top... Which is what I felt they did here. The quail unfortunately had the same fault... Bacon doesn't make it better - both dishes were overpowered by the richness of the bacon. The service was less than stellar for a restaurant of this magnitude. They have a good wine list and to their defense, Stagioni's menu should change seasonally, I'm looking forward to what summer has available.All in all, this trip to Stagioni wasn't worth the price tag... but I'll have to give it another shot soon...
5	Cool atmosphere, excellent service and great food make for a 5 star review. Date night or group dinner, this place is worth it. The wine list is ALL Italian and it's not small. All the pasta is made fresh daily. The fettuccine with pork ragu was delicious and hearty. Try to snacks, especially the mozzarella crostini.
3	I had been looking forward to trying Stagioni since they opened, so maybe my expectations were too high? They called to confirm our Saturday at 7:00 p.m. reservation earlier in the day, and when we arrived, there was no one at the hostess stand. We waited... and waited... and waited. Finally, a random waiter came over to greet us. He grabbed menus, told us to follow him, and walked into the dining room... where he promptly turned around to tell us our table wasn't ready yet. So, back into the bar we walked. We grabbed a seat at the bar and realized that the dining room looked awfully crowded and noisy, so we decided that we should just sit in the bar when the waiter came back to tell us our table was now ready. We decided to just sit at a table in the bar.Service got a little better from there, but the bartender - who was waiting on us - seemed pretty overwhelmed most of the evening since she seemed to be the only one making drinks and waiting on the bar patrons.The food was good. We started with a meat and cheese tray, which was tasty. For dinner, I had the rigatoni entree - the pasta was a little dense/heavy, but the creamy tomato sauce with bacon was smoky and delicious - and the fella got the quail - which was pretty tasty and rare to find on a menu. For dessert, we took the bartender's suggestion and got the zeppoli (light, flaky, Italian donuts) with salted caramel gelato, which the fella said was the best thing he ate all night, and I said was too salty to eat.The architecture is pretty cool, and I almost felt like I was in a castle or an old church. The ceilings had really cool exposed wooden beams, and the lights all had red globes, which made everything very dark and sexy. Seating in the dining area is a little tight and a little loud, so we thought the bar was where it was at, but there was also a pizza bar at the back of the dining room that looked pretty cool, too.I think I'll give them another couple of months before I try them again, but I was just a little let down on my first visit.
2	Ever since reading about the opening of Stagioni, we'd been looking forward to trying it. We decided to try it for our 2nd wedding anniversary on a recent Monday evening. We made a 7:30 reservation and were promptly seated when we arrived a few minutes early. They have prosecco on tap and a large Italian wine list. Unfortunately, that's all we got to enjoy for quite a while, as it took 45 minutes to place our dinner order. We ordered 2 appetizers, a pizza to share, and two pasta dishes. The mussels appetizer never arrived, and we got to watch the kitchen staff clean the kitchen as we finally got our entrees. By this time we were so aggravated and exhausted that we completely skipped dessert, and to add insult to injury it still took another 15 minutes to get the check sorted (including removing the charge for the missing appetizer.) Our server was very friendly and pretty knowledgeable about the menu, but seemed to have half the tables in the restaurant in his section, and almost all of those tables were seated within about 10-15 minutes of us. Unfortunately I don't think we'll be making a return trip any time soon.
4	For our 13th anniversary, my wife and I decided to try this relatively new Northern Italian restaurant in Charlotte's Eastover neighborhood. The meal was terrific, particularly the fried Risotto Balls that started things off, and the INCREDIBLE Gnocchi that followed. Both paired perfectly with a wonderful bottle of Barolo from their extensive selection of Italian wines.I was a bit disappointed, though, with the Grouper we ordered for our main course. It came highly recommended by our server, but I found it to be a bit dry and lacking in flavor. I would not order it again. For dessert, we shared a fantastic plate of zeppoli, along with a pair of cannolis that were decent, but unfortunately underwhelming. For the price, I expected more.I wanted to like this restaurant more than I did, but considering they've only been open a few months, I'm hopeful the menu selections will improve by our next visit. There are better restaurants in Charlotte for the money, but Stagioni is a welcome addition to the local dining scene, and one that I hope will be around for many years to come!
4	We arrived shortly before 7:00 and grabbed a seat at the bar.  The bartender greeted us and took our drink order.  After checking over the menu we decided to try the charcuterie plate, a mixed array of meats, cheeses, etc.  However, unfortunately we received the special plate which was a little bit of an array of things that we were unfamiliar with, and no one gave us an explanation upon delivery. We tasted a few things, but unfortunately the chicken liver mouse and some of the other things, still not sure what they were, not to our liking. We explained the mix up and we were able to replace it with a plate of prosiutto de parma, mortadella, and variety of cheeses and olives, more what we were looking for. We also chose the swordfish appetizer which was served with crostini  and was pretty good. Finally we went with the margarita pizza, which was probably the best thing we had the entire night. Unfortunately throughout the evening the bartender was less available, leaving us with empty drinks for quite some time.  Overall, I thought the food we tried was good, and I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, However, I was a little disappointed with the overall service and attentiveness to delivery of our meals. I do look forward to going back, sitting in the restaurant and trying some more entrees, especially the pasta. It looked great.
3	This was a big party of 10 - we all wanted to try this beautiful restaurant that we had seen from Providence Rd. They were able to work with our people and all the orders. We had a few of the appetizers, ..Fried Clam Strips...good tasting batter but very Chewy! Shisitto Peppers that were the bomb!! So good,  fresh grilled and dusted with flaky sea salt! Mushrooms that were ..just okay. On to the Wine...all bottles extremely expensive..very hard to pick between a 42 and 38 when all the rest  jump up to 50 - 60 and on up.. They really should change this and put in a few less expensive wines..Entrees are very high..starting with Pastas for 18.00 and Up and they are small portions.I had the Carmalized Onion and Truffle Oil Pizza. It was good but very sweet, like it was a Onion Jam on the top. Some of our party had the Grouper ( 30.00) and liked it. Others had the Gnocchi with Pork Sugo and said it was delicious. Best part of the evening was the Zeppole. Perfect , light and fresh ! .The other winners was the Peach skillet cake. .. I would go back for dessert and  perhaps a coffee...non was offered to us. Also no Parm...whats an Italian place without Parm????
3	We had two apps, $13.00 for 3 pork meatballs and $15.00 for a fig tart that was to sweet that it should have been a dessert rather than an app. Place is way expensive for Italian food. The wine menu again is very expensive for the selection, same glass of pinto at wolfgangs is $3.00 less cheaper. Glad we tried it but you pay for the Myers Park area instead of quantity and quality of the food.
4	We had an amazing night out for my friends birthday dinner! Everyone was fantastic! I loved the setup of this place! It's small and intimate with an open kitchen! I loved being able to watch my food being prepared! We started with the Stagioni Charcuterie appetizer plate, I don't remember everything that was on it but it was ALL delicious! And those rolls....WOWsers. Warm little heavenly goodness. Oh yeah and they are freshly made in house....yeah, they're cool like that. After that we ordered the Tartufi pizza which comes with caramelized onions, fontina, arugula and truffle oil. Shut up!!! That was one of the BEST pizzas I've ever had. It was probably the truffle oil...or the crust but either way....when I go back (and I will definitely be going back) I'll be getting this again! Yum. For dinner everyone tried something different, I ordered the risotto, but was also able to tasted the rigatoni, and the agnolotti! Yum. Yum. Yum. All the dishes were delish! The menu changes often so it will always be something worth trying here! I'm sure you can tell...but I'm already looking forward to coming back!
1	This restaurant was an extreme disappointment. My husband and I have been wanting to try it since the reviews have been good and we love their sister restaurant, Good Food. It was also not easy to get a reservation last minute so we assumed a hot spot would not disappoint. The highlight of the experience was the wine. I ordered three different glasses of red and all were delicioius. Our waitress was friendly but she obviously had too many tables. The food was extremely slow from one course to the next. We waited at least 20-25 minutes between our appetizer and entree. We ordered the stuffed peppers as a snack. They were edible but nothing special, we wouldn't order them again. I had the pumpkin soup as my appetizer and my husband had the fig tart special. The pumpkin soup was good but I expected it to be thicker and more hearty. The fig tart was o.k. but heavy for an appetizer and over-priced. My husband ordered the $30 pasta entree special with truffle mushrooms. In the 4 years we've been dining together, we have never sent an entree back to the kitchen. This was an exception. The pasta literally had zero flavor. It tasted like noodles with a little butter that you would serve to a 5 year old. The waitress happily switched his dish for the rigatoni, which was just as bad. The pasta was cooked just fine but the small amount of sauce served over the dish was watery and flavorless. I ordered the trout. It lacked flavor and the portion was definitley small for the price. All in all I would give this restaurant a 2 out of 10 based on the wine. $150 and we left still hungry. We will NOT be back.
5	How lucky am I that my sister-in-law chose this for our dinner spot on my way-too-short visit to Charlotte!A perfect atmosphere, intimate and cozy, with an open kitchen, which is where we chose to sit to watch the staff work their brilliance.We started with the Tartufi pizza which comes with caramelized onions, fontina, arugula and truffle oil. It was to die for. Then followed it up with the Carbonara - I have no words.The staff was informative, and friendly - Even the company around us. Everyone seemd delighted, and I thoroughly enjoyed catching that occasional "yeah, we know what's up", satisfied glance.Highly recommended, and I think the perfect date place! Bravo Stagioni.
5	Great ambiance, good place for a date. We ordered a cheese & meat board- great starter. The pepperoni & sausage pizza was one of the best gourmet pizzas I've ever tried-  big enough for your meal. The gnocchi was also amazing & savory. I highly recommend!
5	This place is the perfect place for comfort food!!Patrick is the greatest sever/manager made my visit so welcoming and fun! I'm so lucky to have enjoyed it!! Who knew there was a mini castle tucked away on Providence rd. in Charlotte, NC!! I feel my life has seriously changed! The ambience is dim and perfect for intimate groups. Very warm cozy and small. Reservations highly recommend for weekend dining. Unless you can score seats at the pizza oven bar which is first come first serve. Decor was not what I was expecting but who cares when you're drinking wine and eating great food with great company. I ordered the gnocchi and it was to die for. Warm and fresh but also light and comforting. It was one of the pasta dishes with protein. Pork to be exact.Honestly if I was having a bad day I could just come here and it would turn my frown upside down!!
5	This has become my favorite place in Charlotte. I love that the menu changes, everything is fresh and made perfectly, and it's nice and cozy inside. I hate big, loud restaurants. This place is comfortable and intimate.
5	What a find last night. We had a 6pm reservation and got there early so we decided to hit the bar. Jesse, the bartender was extremely knowledgable about their vast selection of wine. A member of our party who typically chooses the wine even made a comment about how helpful she was. After drinks we made our way the the table and ordered a huge charcuterie board filled with meats and cheeses. Nothing disappointed. Next was the meatballs the Brussel sprouts pizza. I was conflicted on the pizza but soooo glad we tried it. I would easily recommended it if it's on the menu if you visit. For mains we had a split between pastas and meats. All were amazing. You get the idea that the food is good but I really would focus on the customer service here. The waitstaff was so accommodating and we never had to ask for anything, they were always one step ahead. The food came quick and was always hot and the staff would check on multiple occasions is the food was prepared properly and if our table required anything. For only being open 4 months, that's impressive. Definitely check this place out. It will not disappoint.
5	30$ and a drive down providence road will allow anyone to take a little (and I mean super tiny) trip to Europe and back. Stagioni is located in the cutest flat building that contains concrete columned walkways with intentionally chipped paint.  I just wish there were more nighttime things to do here because it would be the perfect romantic date spot. As for the inside, the best description I can think of is "upscale hipster". The decorations are cozy with mixes between metals and wood, the light is dim, and most impressively: every single waiter had on a chambray shirt and nicely groomed beards. Props to Stagioni for finding these gentlemen with such hair growing talents.  The food was awesome. From appetizer to dessert, I couldn't stop myself from chowing down everything in front of me.  The menu changes but as of now, I'd recommend mussels for appetizer and short rib for entree. Let me tell you, those mussels are expensive but well damn worth that price tag.  But honestly in general Stagioni isn't unaffordable. We paid 80$ for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and dessert. And we left completely stuffed like two turkeys on Thanksgiving. Lastly, don't expect parking unless you come early (like 6ish). The lot is small and spots are very limited, especially when it's busy.
