4	I would give Pink Polish a 4.5, if I could, for being great at what it is: a more upscale version of the cheap manicure/pedicure places.My friend and I spotted this place last weekend, as we were about to pop into Swaddee's for an early dinner -- it's in the same strip mall. It looked brand new and really cute, so we peeked in the window.I was hesitant at first --  mostly because I'm really suspicious of strip mall manicure shops. I really hate the salons where a bunch of poor middle-aged Vietnamese women are huddled over some snotty girl's nails, wearing face masks, spray-painting on polish and little tacky flowery designs - sorry, but it makes me feel really guilty and slimy, if not exploitative. So, if I ever get a manicure, I generally pay up the whazoo and go to a fancy spa.My friend dragged me in here, though, and it was a great surprise -- bright, and decorated in this whole pink-black-white 1950's glam decor. They used only OPI nail polish, which I really like, and they had a great selection. They played Frank Sinatra over the loudspeakers. The manicurists were friendly and took their time to do a good job. There were a few oddities -- like what looks like a bar in one side of the room. Also, some of the decorations were a bit odd. But overall, it was a really nice -- what other nail salon has granite countertops for you to put your hands on? Very cool.One of the women at the front desk said they just opened a few weeks ago and were "trying to do something a little bit different."They definitely succeeded. I don't remember exactly how much my manicure was -- I think 12 or 15 bucks. It was well worth it.
3	I whizzed by this place shortly after it opened, and I was ecstatic. I actually screamed to my hubby: "Oh goodie, a hotdog place!" Of course, the nexttime I whizzed by the place, I realized--it's not at all about the remarkable Polish dog, it was polish...as in paw-lish, where you get you mani and pedi!I just had to try...simply because it really is closer to my home than the usual place I go to.First off, love the decor...pink and black (okay , so the color scheme is a bit overdone, but it' screams girly!). the countertops are made of granite and the chandeliers are very retro. It really is a perfect place for the girlfriends to hang out, or the bridesmaids to get drunk. The massage chairs...divine! They are not your usual chairs that knead your back up and down or make your whole upper body vibrate. These ones do that, PLUS massage your butt and the back of your thights...you heard me right YOUR BUTT. And that alone makes it divine...because let's face it, it's not everyday (or every month for that matter) that someone massages my butt. I could sit all day just to experience a good butt rub down by a chair.Anyhoo, I got a pedi...but they were having problems with getting water into the foot tub. Now water would come out! And if it did, it was a trickle. And when the trickle grew to a strong drip, it wasn't warm, or hot. So it took them awhile to get my foot tub filled with the bubbly. A little kink that needs to be fixed.The pedi service was alright, nothing to write mom about. I paid $30 for the regular. My pedicurist didn't give me the foot and leg massage I was hoping for even after I told her to knead harder. I have to say the color selection is pretty good, and the polish has endured (it's been about three weeks ago now). Overall, not a bad experience, but I question myself it it was worth $30. I pay $22 at my old place and they really give me a good massage, no matetr who does it. But of course, the ambiance ain't the same.I highly recommend Pink Polish for girly gatherings. Management said they are looking into that. That bar that Anandita mentioned must be put to good use...make it into a bar...for petessakes!I give it 3 stars.
5	I saw this place a while ago and kept "peaking" in about 3-4 times before I decided to get my nails done here. I asked for acrylic nails and they look awesome! Very natural looking and they use ALL O-P-I products. Even the acrylic powder and liquid is O-P-I!I had a fantastic first experience and couldn't help but RAVE about them to all my co-workers and anyone who would ask.  Everyone who sees my nails, thinks it natural and not acrylic.  The girls are all experienced and it's nice to chat them up while getting pampered.  It really feels like a "girly" salon where you can chit chat and gossip with the girls.  I'll keep coming back and bring all my friends!I heard the owner say that they'll do birthday parties here! Ask the owner when you stop in.
5	This place was extremely cute, I could tell from the sheak sign on the front. This is an ultra sassy salon to spend an hour or even a few, you really feel like they are pampering you. The chairs for the pedicures are brand new and high end and the decor is something right out of an Instyle magazine. I don't feel that it is overdone at all. I personally love the pink and black motif, and enjoy the crystal chandleries and less than ordinary sinks. Lots of detail went into this place. The OPI nail polish is a huge bonus and adds to the feeling of luxury and makes the experience a quality one. There is nothing worse than going into a nail place (I won't call them salons) and they seeing 10 different brands with most nearly gone and the tech squeezing a bunch of acetone into the bottle to get some paint on your nails. There are three different pedicures you can get, their basic $18, their standard $30 (which is anything but standard it comes with a sugar scrub and long massage with good lotion) and their deluxe at $45. They have three awesome sugar scrubs to choose from, all of which smell great.  I will be a regular here, I would suggest an appointment, but I walked in the first time and only waited for a few minutes, but the ladies of Chandler and Tempe will make this place a hit for sure! I will say they should (for the price which for a standard is $30, a little pricey, about 8-10 above the normal rate for the area) they should offer some coffee type drinks like espresso or maybe cucumber water or lemonade in nice glasses and that would certainly add to the ambiance.
5	This nail salon deserves to be mentioned. It's probably one of the nicest and most modern nail salons I've been to in a long time and it's owned by vietnamese people too! My friend frequents this place at least once every two weeks to get her cute pedi/mani so it's clear she would rave about the great customer service and fabulous pedi's. As we walked in she was greeted formally by name by each technician (totally obvious that she was well known here). In any case, their policy is that they all needed to speak english and no speaking in vietnamese as it makes the customers uncomfortable. The room was painted in a light pink with zebra chairs lining the walls, they also had a bar where you sit while you get your nails done. I only paid $17 for a spa pedicure + an additional $5 for a french tip. My polish was perfect and never chipped! With $22, my polish stayed on for a whole month and looked fresh as it did when I came in. I give this place a 5 star rating and will definitely be back when I'm in AZ!
5	So cute! The staff was fantastic (ask one of the girls to tell you about language barriers and the polka dot incident, you'll be rolling) AMAZING sugar scrub and thorough massage. Well worth the $30 when you consider the service, ambiance, excellent massage chairs, etc. I was really happy with the way my toes turned out. Will post again if the nail polish sticks around longer than a few days!
4	I was impressed with Pink Polish. It was clean. All of the instruments are sterilized and individually sealed for each client. The mani chairs are wonderful. It is truly an all over massage. The staff was nice and friendly. I made an appointment and arrived early. The staff got me in early and actually was able to do my manicure and pedicure at the same time. This will be my new nail salon of choice.
5	I got a pedicure at Pink Polish about..a month and a half ago. Since that time I have gone on a road trip, packed up my bedroom completely to move, prepared to go on a trip to Europe, went through TWO airports with security and all, the whole shebang, and for the last month I have been running around the south of France. I just looked down at my feet, and that nail polish STILL looks amazing. It has hardly even chipped. I am very tough on my feet, and I can't tell you how impressed I am that my feet still look this cute. Had to update!
4	This place is definitely the cleanest and cutest nail salon that I've ever been to.  I actually like it better than places like Bellacures in Beverly Hills, CA because it's not pretentious.  I did the Pink Polish Pedicures for $30 + design for $5 + french tip for $5 = $40 total.  Honestly, I thought the massage could be little longer but overall, it was really nice.  The lady didn't try to make small talks and actually let me relax the whole time AND the design turned out very cute.  After everything was done, they didn't try to rush me out of the place like most places do either.*Decor = CUTE and clean*Price = average or tiny bit more*Service = good Here are some of the prices:Express pedicure  $18Pink Polish spa pedicure  $30 (Sugar scrub massage)Deluxe Pedicure  $45  (Sugar scrub massage with heel treatment)Classic manicure  $15Deluxe manicure  $22French manicure polish  $5Nail design  $5+Acryllic full set  $30+White tip full set  $32+Pink & white full set  $45+
5	I love this place!  One of my favorite spots to go relax and get a pedicure.  It has a clean, nicely decorated and relaxing atmosphere.  The service is very professional: plenty of quality polishes, design options, comfy chairs, friendly staff, etc.
4	I went here for the first time after reading the other reviews and I was pleasantly surprised that they were all telling the truth! If you know me you know how picky I am about getting my nails done and I would absolutely return here. I had made an appointment the night before thankfully because this place filled right up when they opened at 10 am. My daughter and I both got an express pedicure (standard pedicure with no massage) only $18. Great Deal! All their instruments are autoclaved for sterility and then individually sealed, I liked that. We were offered bottled water. That was greatly appreciated!The girls that worked there were all so friendly. The decor and atmosphere were super cute ,definitely more of an upscale feel. The only thing I didn't like was the foot paddle that they scrubbed my feet with, it was a flat metal one with a rough sandpaper texture. I don't have any callouses at all and my feet are pretty soft but after getting a scrub with that metal paddle they are kinda roughened up. Next time I will bring in my own foot paddle or just skip that part. Give this place a try and don't forget to make and appointment!
3	I went back to get my pedicure done with design.....found out that your experience here varies with which technician you get..  It was pretty bad to the point where my pedi started falling apart a week after.....*If you like what you get that day, make sure you know the name of the technician.
4	Gotta luv the name...I seriously think if a place took the time to come up with a really cool name, it can't go wrong!I went there based on the reviews I read and was definitely not disappointed.  The salon is beautiful and the girls were friendly and did a great job.  Their price is also very reasonable.  I had a mani and pedi (non deluxe) and the total cost was a little over $40 but I had french manicures done on both my hands and feet.  The girl really took her time to make sure I liked my french manicure.  It's been over a week and a half and it's still holding up very well. I agree with the other reviews in that the experience really depends on the technician.  Get the name of someone you like and stick with them.
2	Well I have to reduce the stars, it could maybe be 2 1/2. I went in the other day for a manicure. I had made an appointment the night before to come in at 10am. People including myself and some employees are standing outside waiting for the shop to open because apparently the "owners" don't like to show up till a quarter past ten! (this happened the first time I came her as well) I'm sorry but "owners" should be inside and ready to open the doors well before 10am rolls around!I really couldn't decide on a color, their nail polish wall is really uninspiring. I thought what the heck I'll give "french Polish" a try this time. The manicure station is very awkward and uncomfortable to sit at for one, as far as the actual manicure went it wasn't too bad until it was time for the massage which was completely sloppy and half assed. Polish, I should have known better than to go with a french, I just wasn't happy with it, it looked a little yellowish with way to thick of white and a few bubbles. To top it all off it didn't even last for one day, it was already chipping off that night!! I think that really sucks considering they charge $5 more for "French" and it did not even last!! I may come in again for a pedicure sometime but it will take me awhile to get over that manicure robbery!
4	I've been getting manicure/pedicure all my life (I've been spoiled plenty..), and this one stuck-it is the most modern and nicely-n-girly decorated nail salons that I've been to. It's the kind of salon that makes you feel like you're in a high-end salon yet you walk away with the same price as you would get at a regular vietnamese owned nail salon. The design of the salon is so cute and unique-I like the idea of circular bar with granite top-a setting for manicures and glass waterfall that adds the zen-quality to the girly ambience. The recliner massage chairs were so nice, and there's enough room to push the chair all the way back. My manicurist was a doll, and every worker there is dressed out of Urban Outfitters. This is the kind of salon that appeals to young women. I liked that there are several options for manicure and pedicure-ranging from standard to deluxe. I always aim for the cheapest package and was disappointed that the leg massage wasn't included, but everything else is a plus. I hope the reviewers are right in that the color will stay on!I would recommend this place for a girl get-togethers. Best to make an appointment because I showed up as a walk-in one Wednesday afternoon, and it was still busy-I had to wait for a while.
5	I drive from where I live near Biltmore/Arcadia to get my girly on here! Its a girly place... pink and french tapestry decor.. and you know what, (rolling eyes!), it matters! They do a great job.. bottled waters while you get your 'pink' on... and I dont find the prices to be much more than any other junk place you may stroll into.. trust me, after all my days of being a girly girl... Ive had bad manis and pedis.. and its not a good thing when they nick you and dont apologize! And you hurt for days with a swollen cuticle! They do this gel-acrylic nail gel, called Pink.. white tips, pink (but not overly) on the nail bed...looks soo nice.. and a good french mani on the feet... and that just leaves me a happy girl...so I can pop my Jimmy Choos on and go without freaking out over ugly toe--ness!
2	Super cute decor, but I think their prices are a little higher than a normal neighborhood nail place. Last week I walked in the door at 6:15 p.m. right behind another customer. They took her, but would not take me, since it was apparently "close to closing time" (which happens to be 7 p.m.). I did not argue, even though they took the other woman with no problem, and instead went down the street to another nail place that was happy to take my money. Unless you want the thrill of the same old mani/pedi with cute IKEA pillows and fun paint colors to look at, you can get the same service elsewhere for less.
2	Ok, I'm never gonna go back.  This time, I just wanted a manicure...I mean is there anything wrong with that?  Apparently, the girl who did my nails didn't think just a regular manicure was not worth her time.  She tried her hardest to hurry up my session....I don't know why because there weren't any other customers in line.My cuticles were bleeding and skin started to flaked away after 2 days since her work was really rough and without care.  When she started massaging, it actually hurt because she kept on pulling my arms and was massaging hard to pretty much make me say "ok, please stop, I had enough."  At the end, my polish turned out to be very uneven and messy.Seriously, I am not gonna pay money to be treated like this any longer.  Flower Nails in Chandler will be my new oasis from now on.
3	First, I'm a big fan of manicures and pedicures.  I have been getting them on and off for a lot of years. This place is fabulous - the techs are nice and I have never waited more than five minutes.  The decor is adorable and a huge flat screen plays the Travel Channel all day.  However, the quality of their manicures is sub par.  The pedis are to die for...but my manicure peeled the FIRST DAY.  I went back in hopes they would make it right, and they painted over the peel rather than take the time to remove the old polish and re-paint the thumbnail that had peeled.  When I said something, she said "this looks fine".  So I left vowing to never get my manicure there again.  Vivian is great at doing my pedicures, but during the manicure she talked about her husband and her child...which I do not mind...but while she talked, she stopped painting, stopped massaging, stopped paying attention to what she was doing.  She also left my cuticles in a mess.Sigh.  Pedicures are great...and $30 for the mid range is relatively appropriate.  They expect a $5 tip, so be forewarned.Will NOT be getting my nails done there again.  Three days later and  they look as if they were painted a week ago.
4	I'm a recent convert as far as regular pampering is concered but now I'm really hooked.  I go in about once ever two weeks too keep up my acrylic nails and will occasionally treat myself to a pedicure.  You can imagine that gets kind of expensive.The wonderful thing about Pink Polish is that, while pricier than most places, their work seems to last a lot longer.  I thinks its a gel topcoat that they use.  Whatever it is, it's fabulous!  The skill of the technicians should also be mentioned because they are very good.  They tend to take their time and a lot of care to make sure their work is well done.  I have never had a bad experience here.Most people have mentioned the decor which is indeed gorgeous and spa like and the lab techs are all dressed to the nines and always super nice.  They've begun to remember me too which is a huge plus
4	This is a great place! The pedis are awesome and they do such a great job on nails. I always get pink/white gel and I have never lost one even though I ride horses, SCUBA dive and travel and use my hands all the time. They also do great nail art (I always get nail art on my big toe). Their waxing rooms are very nice. The whole place is always very clean and the techs are excellent. Without an appointment, you do have to be ready to wait, though and it can be pricey but I think the quality is worth the price you pay. I'm a regular here.
5	Every time I go somewhere else to get my nails done I kick myself for not just going to Pink Polish. It's a bit further than I like to drive but TOTALLY worth it. They do the best job on pedicures and Shellac manicures I've ever seen and very reasonably priced. I'm sure you can find cheaper places but you're going to get lesser quality. Let's put it this way....if I was getting married tomorrow I'd get my nails done here today!My favorite ladies to ask for are V or Libby!
5	This salon was recomended to me by a coworker. I have been super pleased with every visit. I usually will get a pink polish pedi and a shellac mani. The mani will last about two weeks... I love no having to worry about my nails chipping but if you don't keep up with it your nails feel somewhat thin without it. Despite the downside of a shellac manicure every employee here is super friendly. I've never had bad service. The older lady that I had the last time could make my foot crack in places I never knew could. I always feel like their main focus is on relaxing the patron and not upping their sale to make a tip.Love love love this place!!!! It's decor is beautiful and is super clean.
5	My favorite place to treat a girlfriend to a mani/pedi day! It's so cute - the staff is friendly, excellent color selection, and you feel very decadent because it is such a cool atmosphere, but the prices are reasonable. Try this instead of Dolce next time (which is also nice, but more expensive and this is a smaller business - it's nice to support one)!
1	DO NOT GO HERE. I had a few good experiences at Pink Polish in fact I was going to make it my regular place until now. Very rude people, very painful, and inconsiderate. Here's what happened:I just needed a quick repair on a broken acrylic. I went in, waited for 20 minutes then sat at the awkward nail bar that they have. Then he came up ripped my nail off, and it wasn't lifting, it was brand new, he ripped it off without soaking it in acetone and he was digging into my natural nail. I was in tears and he said "let's just get it over with" and started ripping and cutting harder. I was crying at this point and he was seriously chuckling about it. He then left for ten minutes, came back and sloppily but on the acrylic. I didn't even let him finish and I walked out and found a different place.DO NOT GO HERE they don't care about you, just your money!!!!
5	This is one of the nicest nail salons in the valley.  The personnel could not be any nicer.  I am in a wheelchair and the people in the salon cannot do any more for me than they do whenever I come in.If you want a great manicure and pedicure that lasts, choose the gel manicure and pedicure which will look great for 2 weeks or more.  The prices cannot be beaten.  Also, the interior has just been redecorated and is nicer than ever.
2	This place is hit or miss.  The 1st time I went, it was a great experience.  I was able to walk in (without an appointment) and get a gel manicure and a pedicure.  Libby was my technican, and she was fabulous. 5 stars!!!!  The manicure was great, and lasted the full two week as promised (would have lasted longer but it grew out too much and I started picking at it.)  My pedicure is still going strong after two weeks and looks great.So I went back. And I had a different person (I don't know her name.)  Well, let's just say that my hands still hurt a day later!  She cut my nails unevenly (some are rounded, some are squared), and the polish is uneven as well and poorly applied at the edges.  My cuticles hurt to high heaven, and my nails are too short. 1 star!!!  I'm only going back only if I can get an appointment with Libby.   5 stars for Libby, but overall 2 stars, because I think that a salon should be able to provide consistent service.
3	There are so many nail salons that feel like fast food restaurants. Just trying to get you in and out fast. They stay in business because they are cheap and you can drop in without an appointment whenever you need to make your hands and nails pretty in a hurry. But personally, I am only willing to pay for a pedicure if it actually is an enjoyable experience. If you are just going to slap some paint on my toes and scrape my heels like you were grating Parmesan cheese then I can do that myself at home for free. To get a truly great experience that will actually leave you feeling pampered and relaxed all day, you have to go to a spa. I had the privilege of getting a "zero gravity" pedicure at an Aveda spa in San Diego once (i.e. they do your toes while you are lying down on a massage table) and also had pedicures at couple of resorts while on vacation that were truly great experiences but still at the end of the day cost too much to do on a regular basis. Pink Polish falls somewhere in the middle between the typical revolving door nail salons and the full-on spa experience. And their prices reflect that. $30 for "spa" pedicure and $45 for "deluxe" (only difference is extra callous removal treatment). They also have an express pedicure which is basically just a polish change for $18 but if you select that option you are almost guaranteed to get an attitude from whoever is working on your toes. In fact, most of the women who work here seem to have chips on their shoulders. The quality of service really is hit or miss. I have seen the same woman be sweet as honey to one of her regulars and cop an attitude with the next woman in the chair who is there for the first time. I really don't get it. Anyway, I keep coming here because I just want a nail salon that is a little more plush, a little more luxurious, and basically just a little more girly than most of the other places around town. If I could find the same atmosphere somewhere else for the same (or hopefully a little less) money without the attitude, I would definitely go there but I am just not sure such a place exists.
5	Love this placeSuper hip and fun to sit at the "nail bar" to get your manicure.They did a good job on my pedi!I have been getting the gel polish here for several months now.  LIbby is the best.  My manicures from her always look excellent.  I had a different person last time and she majorly messed up my mani by filing too short and making my nice nails very ugly.  She didn't know how to trim cuticles without drawing blood and the french gel took over 1.5 hours to complete.  Libby can do it in under an hour (even when taking off my current gel).   GRRRR.
4	The staff is always so nice and accommodating with or without an appointment, the prices are excellent for the attentive service, the polish styles (gel, acrylic, shellac...) and colors are up to date and plentiful, the chairs are comfortable (even the bar stools at the nail bar, which earns extra points for creativity!), and everything is very clean.  The techs are very knowledgeable and eager to share information or give advice without upselling or being pushy, and not once have I been nicked or bled after a thorough mani/pedi.  Needless to say, this will be my go-to place as long as I'm in/near the Phoenix valley.
5	Amazing Pedicure. This salon was awesome. I walked in the door and was blown away by how cute it was and how huge. Brilliantly decorated and even has a water feature dividing two rooms. I got the Pink Polish Pedicure and it was fantastic. They even hand painted a hibiscus flower on my toes. I felt very pampered! The staff, atmosphere and prices can't be beat. I wish I could pick this salon up and move it to Seattle (where I am from). Treat Yourself and go to Pink Polish!!!
5	staff super nice!. great price!. very clean and pretty inside. tools properly sterilized, opened in front of you. A+ experience. saw libby today, will be asking for her next time :)
1	I have been several times and always was very happy. Today, however was a terrible experience. The women rushed and seemed to be annoyed she was even there. She shoved my flip flops on 30 seconds after she was done and made me get up. I would have liked a few mins for my polish to dry. She did a terrible job and was not forth it at all.
4	I had a lovely experience here.  I really like how clean the place is.  Its very modern and a comfortable place to be at.  I really, really, really like their massage chairs.  They are first class.  Literally!  They are wide and comfy.I got their basic pedicure there and am very happy.  I also had some art work done which is very pretty.The technicians were very friendly and I will be returning very soon.
4	I have been to Pink Polish several times now and have never had a problem.  I love the atmosphere; this is not your run-of-the-mill nail salon.  I love the the nail bar, very classy!  The ladies working seem like they are having a good time and are usually laughing (not at me or other customers) and the nice part is that if they are talking to each other, they usually try to bring you/me/the customer into the conversation.  Express pedi and polish change (my cuticles cut too easy, no mani's for me) get's me out of there under $30 (before tip).  Nice! Good quality.  Gel nails.  Clean space.  Spa like art work. I'm not a regular nail salon kind of girl, but when I do want to treat myself, I go to Pink Polish.
5	My favorite nail place.  My pedicures last FOREVER.  Salon is clean and staff is friendly but they let me relax.  Wish it was a little closer to my house but I am willing to drive.  It's that good.
5	Tammi, the owner, is amazing. She always does a great job. The place is always clean and she always has the latest products. I have been to other salons where they only have 7 to 10 gel polish, not Tammi, she has over 240 (we counted them! hehe). Had a great pedicure and gel manicure. I go every three weeks and she always has my appointment ready for me.
5	After reading reviews on Yelp I had to try this place.  I was very impressed!   The decor is cute, the ladies are classy and the work they do is amazing.    My gel manicure has lasted  2 weeks so far, I was lucky to get a week at other salons (including Dolcee).  The cost of the services are very reasonable and worth it because the work lasts much longer!I am happy I finally found this place!
4	I really liked this place...  I live in Ahwatukee, but have been getting horrible service from all of the regular places in the 'tuk' so I made the dreaded cross over the I-10 to Chandler.  I was pleasantly surprised!  It was a last minute decision so I called from the car to see what the wait time was - they said they could take me as soon as I got there.  When I arrived, I noticed how busy it was and expected to have to sit and wait that standard "10-15" minutes...  Not so!  I was immediately taken back for my services.The tech working on me was very good - a little more quiet than the rest of the staff - but very friendly.  I noticed that everyone was wearing a white shirt - assumed it was the 'uniform'.  Also noticed that all of these ladies had on designer jeans and shoes - they must do quite well here.My pedicure was awesome as was the manicure.  This is a really cute and clean place - the nail bar is fun to sit at.  They have TONS of gel/shellacs to choose from, not just a few colors of one line.  They all seemed quite knowledgeable.   I was getting a standard French manicure but the girl next to me was getting color and having a hard time choosing.  Her Tech was very patient and professional with her.  Everyone here is super nice.I also noticed that her brows looked great and asked if she'd had them waxed there.  She said yes and that she always does a great job.  I'll have to try it next time.I can't wait to see how long the manicure lasts.  I've had some other chip within days (even though the gels are NOT supposed to).  I would definitely go back here, even if I do have to cross the freeway - and anyone in the area should give them a try too!
5	I love this nail salon!  Heidi is the best...she is very meticulous and thorough.  The place is very cute inside and clean.  I highly recommend this place if you want a great gel manicure!
4	When relocating to this part of the valley one of my top priorities was finding a new place to get my toes done!  I tried Pink Polish b/c of its convenient location, and I think this place is quality...clean, friendly staff - I've had two of the techs do pedi's and gel mani's and no complaints, they dont rush (but dont take forever) and do a great job...price is reasonable for what you get...I've gone back a hand full of times and had good service. :)
1	I have been to this place twice, because my mom forgot our horrible experience here the first time, and have not liked it both times.  Their pricing is outrageous, their service is awful and the way they treat their customers is terrible.  During my expensive pedicure, that the man on the phone told my mom was cheaper, there were no chairs for me to start my gel manicure.  So, she started doing it while I sat in the pedicure chair.  I had to hold my arm up so that the woman could do it, it was ridiculous and lasted for about 20 minutes.She also mumbled something to me and then walked away.  Later I realized she asked if she could take her heels off and WEAR my flip flops to walk around.  I saw her taking off MY SHOES as we went up to the bar to finish my nails.  How gross is that?  And how unprofessional?!!!Don't go here, it's WAY overpriced and the staff are jerks!
5	I moved to Chandler over a year ago and tried quite a few nail salons.  I received a coupon in the mail for Pink polish, tried it and have never went to another one.The owner takes so much pride in the salon and every nail artist does a great job every time. Additionally, it is gorgous inside and the nail color selection for gel and traditional polish is endless.  While you wait, enjoy a bottle of water on them.  Love this place
5	Ive been coming here for years with both of my teenage daughters and have never had a bad experience.  They always take same day appointments, and even walkins with very little wait.  They do a great job and rarely does my pedicure not last an extremely long time!
5	I really like this place.  Of course your experience will depend on who you go to but overall I've been really happy with Natalie, she's nice and her gel manicures last forever. The only reason why I have to get my nails redone is because they grow so fast!  There's usually no wait and everyone is really pleasant.  This is a professional organization with a sense of style.  Plus you can't beat the price.  Give them a try and you'll be coming back again and again.
1	Guy in front walking around like his shit don't stink.. guess what I smell you! Never been treated so rude, then I was forgotten about!!!!!! Really! I'm right here! the place is really small.  the lady doing my nails was nice.. but did just an ok (almost bad) job. Other nail techs were RUDE and started yelling at me for someone else's nails needing to be done.. what?! how did that work?! I'll pay extra and go some place else, plus I like places that use CLEAN files and tools. I only got MY real nails done, I would guess the tools for fake nails or the pedicure bowls are probably disgusting if they don't even use clean files.
4	Quick service, and a good pedi. A tiny bit pricer than what I'm use to, but still a good pedicure.
4	Great quality!  Nice people and clean!
4	Really nice salon to have nails or toes done...its just a bit more expensive than other places but its SO much nicer!!
5	I have been coming here off and on since they opened. I love the atmosphere and the decor. Its very clean and big. The staff is all super friendly. Recently went in for a pedi and mani on seperate occassions. I was a walk-in both times after work during the week and they were able to take me right away. I was out of there both times in under an hour. They have so many options for polish and gel, you will not be disappointed. I highly suggest you check this place out!
3	Since most bargain nail salons are pretty much all the same with the same set of services, this one stands out just a little for being unique and pretty! They have a nail bar. Their techs are very friendly and attentive and they do a good job. It was a little busy, but I still didn't have to wait. So what else could you ask for in a nail salon?
5	I love this place! I have been to numberous salons to get a gel manicure and none ever live up to my expectation. From the moment you enter the salon you are enveloped into a sea of pink girlyness from the pink paint and accents everywhere to the "gel manicure bar". So adorable! I didn't make an appointment but they do have a website that allows you to which is good if you have a busy day. However, even not having one I got right in.  I had acrylic nails on before and they suggested filing them down instead of taking them off. Thank goodness...we all know how that hurts when they rip them off at places! So they filed my nails down really thin with the drill. I went to Kim and she was great andsuper nice and so was the owner Tammy and everyone really. It is super busy...even mid afternoon on a weekday so I knew this was probably a good place. A girl at work recommended it to me. They have soooo many gel colors and sparkley top coats to choose from. I opted for the dark purple magnetic polish which I love! Its been over a week and my thumb nail did chip (probably due to the thin layer of acrylic I have on still) but I went back yesterday expecting to pay a little for the repair but they did it for free! Great customer service and I got right in. My friend at work says her manicures last her 3 weeks here...I believe it!! They are a little pricer $30 vs $25 for gel manicure most places in the Valley but if I get another week out of it I'll pay the extra $5...heck yeah! I got my manicure last Thursday afternoon and now it's Friday night and they still look great. I highly recommend. I didn't get a pedicure there but they sure were busy with that too. Maybe next time...and i see they do waxing too. You have to try...worth the little extra $$ and even drive if you don't live close. So many colors...seriously hundreds to choose from and I'm sure they can even do funky designs too...the owner Tammy always has something fun on her nails for inspiration! :)
5	Best place ever! Ever since i started going to pink polish, I haven't gone anywhere else! I always leave happy and my nails always look perfect! Highly recommended!!
4	I came here for my wedding nails, pedicure and manicure (just paint no fake). I HATE having my feet touched, probably years of working in a  shoe store makes me judge my feet worse than anyone else would, but needless to say I prefer doing my own toes. But Pink Polish was wonderful for a treat. The ladies at the salon were friendly, professional and the service was relaxed and not rushed. I was in there for some time, even though it was a little pricey, I felt like it was worth every penny. The decor is adorable, very clean and relaxing. I will be back!
5	Great job on eyebrow waxing. $12
5	Beautiful salon, very elegant. Best I have seen. Newly remodeled. Great staff. So clean with lots of gel colors. She uses good quality products because my nails never lift and they always used to lift at other salons.
5	I am updating my review because I got my eyebrows waxed there for the first time and was very happy with the job that Tammi did. The renovations to the place are really nice as well. They made my favorite place to get my nails and toes done even better and now I can add eyebrows to the mix. They always do a fantastic job and I never have a complaint.
5	This is my usual nail salon and I have always been pleased with their work. I am glad they have expanded and the new glitters they have gotten for gel manicures are awesome!
5	Beautiful place and my nails/eyebrows have never looked so good. It's a little expensive though.
1	Where to start! I should have stuck to my normal place. First off they had no hot water for the pedicures and seemed like they could care less my feet were freezing. It was was overpriced, you have to pay at least 30 bucks to get someone to actually touch  you because their express $18 pedicure only consists of a polish change. The pedicure was the worst ive had, lazy, no effort and rushed. Not to mention being nipped and cut a bit too close. I would say to any one curious, don't be, i went only because i was with a friend and i wanted to leave once i found there to be no hot water but my friend was polite and stayed. Angry at the waste of money and no service! Could have done better myself! Rude. Thanks for ruining a girls day!
4	I love Pink Polish! Before coming here a few months ago, I was going to a salon (which shall remain nameless) a mile away from here. And while it was cheap, the polish never looked perfect and wouldn't last very long, even the gel. I decided to come here since it was only a couple minutes farther from my house. I was a walk in and Lillian did my nails. She was so sweet I've been to see her every time since. While it is a little pricey ($60 plus tip for pedicure and gel manicure, and extra for glitter or design) they do a fabulous job. They also just recently remodeled and expanded the space to accommodate more people. My nails always look great and the gel manicure lasts almost three weeks.
5	Had Loni give me the deluxe pedicure. This was my 1st visit and it was amazing! Included  in the deluxe pedicure was a foot/ leg massage. It was so relaxing. The salon is mod and clean and all the employees seem very friendly and professional. The price is the same as any high end salon and worth every penny.
5	Love pink polish! My nails never chip or crack! Love the wide varity of colors! Friendly staff! Good service! Would recommand it to anyone!
4	I love Pink Polish!  The nail bar is great, gives a completely different feel from the "common" salons.  I have had a few instances where I made an appointment with a recommended person and the wrong woman has done my nails.  I was frustrated both times, but after finding Vivian I haven't gone through it again !  This is a place every girl/woman should try at LEAST once ! :)
2	Got a pedicure with a friend here about a month and a half ago. The service was not much to scream about. It was cute how they presented the scrub and I like that you could choose which scent you wanted, but it didn't really mask the inadequacy of the woman doing my pedicure. Maybe I am used to how I get mine done at home, but my feet were still a little rough around the edges (they werent that bad to begin with, I promise), and the paint quality was lacking in shine! And for the worst of it all, I believe I picked up some sort of infection while I was there. I've been getting pedicures regularly for over a year at the same place, and the one time I go somewhere else, I get an infection. I did love the layout of the place, though, and the nail bar was adorable.
2	I've heard amazing reviews about this place so I tried it out for a gel manicure. The place is very trendy and I absolutely love how it is decorated. I was brought to a shelve with a ton of gel it's to choose from.. So that was cool. The lady who did my nails was friendly enough. The gel manicure itself wasn't done well at all. You could see through my nails and on the sides which I didn't realize until I got home. It was a little pricey as well. I'm sure ill be back, especially to try their pedicure. But I can find better service and product for cheaper when it comes to a gel maniure
4	Great place for the price. Clean and stylish
5	Pink Polish is still my favorite place to treat myself with a pedicure!  The remodel has made it even more gorgeous than before (and it was already the nicest nail salon I had been to) and they have expanded! I had planned a girls day here for the ladies in my wedding and, to my surprise, my mom and sister (PP regulars) turned it into a wedding weekend kick-off party. They let us bring in dessert and champagne to celebrate! What a perfect way to kick off the big weekend!
4	My FAVORITE place to get my nails done (I drive from North Scottsdale here every two weeks) They are always creative and do great gel. (If you like glitter, ask to see the loose glitter they put on nails... so pretty) The only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is because it IS just a little pricey.... and I've noticed sometimes inconsistent pricing from person to person so you never really know what you're going to pay. All in all it's worth the drive and price to me.
3	They have changed the pedi here and not for the better. I felt rushed and the exfoliation and polish wasn't what I expected for a $45 pedicure.  I'll be back, but I doubt I will opt for the deluxe pedicure again.
3	Always pass this place on the weekends and I was told its super cute and they do a good job I went in for a gel manicure...loved the decor. Super cute, but wish I could say the same about the service. First off, I was frustrated with the gel polish display. I can't see the colors that well on the bottle and they didn't have the plastic nails showing the colors. Maybe it's just me. Secondly, the lady who did my nails was rough and seemed rushed. I had cuts on my cuticles on three different fingers. She had to redo my gel polish because it dried with wrinkles in it, which I think was because she just kept adding layers of polish and it was too thick. Then when she had to scrap it off to start over she was super rough and was hurting me. A week and half later the gel on 3 fingers was already lifting and I had to just pull it off. I'm sorry, I've had good gel manis that I was pleased with but this was not one of them.
5	This place is so pretty and classy for a nail salon...the girls who work there are very experienced and can speak English!!  I love getting my nails done here, it is $5-10 more for a pedi and mani but worth every penny!  Top class salon without spending the high bucks at a resort spa!
4	OK.  This place is where everyone on the East valley get their nails did!  It is sparkly, clean, and like a day club (the music, atomsphere, the nail bar, etc).  We had reserved 6 people for a baby shower...  Baby shower pedicure!!!  Sweetness.  We all got the Pink Polish Pedicure.  You get a choice of scrub.  I got a orange scrub.  The scrub and lotion came on this dishes (like a sushi dish).  The lady kept trying to up sale for this and that.  I said no once, so just please stop asking.  My legs felt so SO soft and smooth.  I loved the color and shiney polish.
5	It has been a year since my first review here and I am still a regular at this salon. The service is always fast (espeicially for how busy it always is). Everyone is friendly and it is very clean. The best part though is the selection of gel polish colors. Not exaggerating, she has over 200 to choose from. Tammi the owner is always remodeling and updating the look and products which is great. I have recently had my eyebrows waxed here for the first time and was very pleased with the job she did. The pedicure chairs are very comfy as well. Great nail salon!
2	The interior design of this place is actually really nice, very modern and cute which I can appreciate. But I was very disappointed with the rest of my experience, despite the fact that a lot of my coworkers and friends come here often. The employees were not friendly and rushed me to choose my color. The top coat they use for pedicures is a quick drying nail polish that I buy from target, so I don't feel like it was worth the over pricing they charge. I got a regular manicure and it instantly started to crack when they were finished. I had never experienced this before. I brought this to his attention and he said there was nothing he could do about it. I was pretty disappointed. The one thing I will say is that if you bring them a picture of a nail design, they will do it to their best ability which is pretty cool, but other than that I do not recommend this place, especially for how expensive it is compared to the quality of service and outcome.
4	Pink Polish is AMAZING! The only reason why I am putting 4 stars is because I am very picky about how well my cuticles are done, and nail care before slapping on polish, and because my last pedicure the lady was a little too into her conversation with another nail tech. However, I love this place.  I was in a bit of a pickle because my nail lady quit at the previous salon I was going to.  Found Pink Polish on Yelp, and am now obsessed.  They are a little bit more expensive then some other salons (maybe $5 or $10 more) but they definitely prove that they are of higher quality.  They are extremely clean, very large salon, nicely decorated, and the techs are clean and neat as well.  They are up to date with their designs, and have been able to do all the Pinterest ideas I have shown them. Tip: Definitely call for an appointment.  This is not a place to just walk in.
2	I am a regular here, but must say that I was very disappointed last time I was there, I went to get a nail broken fixed I waited for over an hour! Ridiculous...  I like this place a lot but I only have my nails done with Libby, every time I have had it with someone else it is NO good, no to mention that I HATE that they keep talking among themselves in vietnamese, so rude. Once I knew that they were saying something about me and I asked what they were saying about me, they just said oh yes we were talking about your beautiful eyelashes... yeah right!
3	I loved the experience, the look, the decor, and the staff.  Unfortunately, the product didn't last well.  After just a few days started chipping:(   Such a bummer cause I liked this place. I found another salon that my gel will last 3 weeks with no problems.  So my vote goes to sky nails.
4	I had a customer come in and her nails were banging so I told her I had to know where she had gone so that I could try to get my swag on her level.  To my delight she told me the place was just a few minutes away on Ray and Rural!  Now I'm not the type of girl who goes to the nail salon every week for mani-pedi's but a friend was doing a music video shoot and I was going to be in it so I figured I could expense it at that point...I'm sending him the bill.Walked in on Friday at around 1:00 and the lobby was pretty full so I debated leaving because I was on my lunch break and while I can get away with a lot I knew that it would probably be frowned upon if I took a 2 hour lunch.  Luckily everyone was helped within minutes of my arrival and they were able to get me right in.  The girl who was in charge of my nail transformation was Natalie and she was awesome.  Suuuuper sweet, call me a sucker for pet names but she kept calling me "honey" and I wasn't mad at it.  She actually made conversation too which was nice 'cause I'm not all about that awkward silence you get with most nail experiences.  She did a great job too, my french tip toes are on point and my nails are able to be seen in public again.  I'm going to have to step my game up at work because coming here makes me WANT to be one of those girls who's in the salon every week.
5	Love it! Lots of options.  Great service.  Only place I go.
5	I came here about a month ago and am kicking myself as to why I haven't gone sooner?! Not only is this store so cute, it's really a great salon for an affordable-ish amount. This is definitely the place you want to go with your girlfriends or like others have posted, some sort of special occasion. I would suggest making an appointment because they are crazy busy! I really enjoyed the technician who did my nails and decided to treat myself to a spa pedicure and gel manicure. I liked that I got to choose the scrub and lotion for my massage. The pedicure is still on my toes (mind you I have had to trim the nails since then) but still looks pretty decent after a month! The gel manicure lasted maybe 5 days. I'm much more a pedicure girl anyways! So, if you're looking for a new place to try or your new place to get your nails done, I'd suggest Pink Polish!
2	6 of us arrived early for a surprised birthday bash.  It was pouring rain as we drove from the west valley.  We barely walked in and greeted our friends, we were told to go sit down.  I thought there was a special room set up for us.  We didn't even have a chance to pick out a color yet.  Are you going to bring us all the colors to pick?  What is the freaking rush!  I know you are busy, but we are your clients now show some customer service respects. So RUDE!      After we all took our seat at the pedi stations, I noticed most of the Techs seem to be unhappy.  Was it too early or was it the rain?  I went with the $30 Pink Polish Pedi.  My Tech was silent the whole time.  There wasn't even a smile, I was getting a little nervous.  Would it be the lack of English, or just not in the mood to talk?   She didn't even offer the types of polish they had until I over heard my friend's Tech.  I still wonder what type of polish I would get if I didn't ask.  I wish I can give it more stars, but for the $30 pedi treatment I would have a live person doing massage and not just a chair massage.
4	Love this place! I have been getting my nails done here for awhile now. I would recommend you doing that before going in. It is cute, stylish and girlie! The prices are a little higher then some other places but there polishes are consistently replaced and they have the newest colors. Recommend trying it out!
5	Helen did a great job! Careful, making sure she didn't hurt me, and spent quite a bit of time with my nails. She inquired to the heaviness of my nails; complements of the last  business (Kelli Nail & Spa, 4960 S Alma School Road, Chandler, AZ). For sure, I will return. Nice interior, very relaxing! Class act!
1	The first time I went it  was a cool cute place. I thought I found a new place for my pedi and eyebrow wax. The second time I went I again opted for the pink polish pedi ($30). Only this time my tech was a little rude and seemed to pay more attention to the dog the lady next to me had in her hand. The tech doing the ladies pedi next to me stabbed herself with the cuticle cutter and was bleeding reached over the tech table with all the tools, color, and bowl of my sugar scrub dripping her blood. Yes, the blood dripped into the sugar scrub. No one cleaned it up until the end of my pedi. So I would look down and see the blood dripping down the bowl. I was so grossed out.  I would have been okay with everything if at the very least I was treated like a valuable customer and given a proper pedi. The tech dropped the towel on my toes and did a inadequate job trying to fix it. Neglected to help me out if the chair. Can a girl get the arm rest lifted, shoes picked up and directions on where the room is to get my eye brows waxed??? No she just disappeared!! I won't even talk about what happened to my poor eyebrows. Upon later inspection of my $30 single coat pedi with half my toes covered with a top coat and a smudge on one of my left toes needless to say I will NOT be going back!!  Lets hope my eyebrows grow back so I can get a proper eyebrow waxing and as for my toes I will have my 4 year old niece paint them. She does a better a job!!
4	I Went here for the first time today and loved it! It's fun and cute inside with a great atmosphere! Even though it was a busy Saturday and there were lots of people there, it didn't feel chaotic or rushed. I got a full set with two gel colors and paid $45, which I don't think is expensive at all (especially with how great my nails look). Fawn did my nails today and she was fantastic! She was very nice and great with light conversation. I will definitely be going back here!
5	I'm an out of towner just visiting AZ who didn't have time to get a pedicure back home so I decided to check via yelp and found Pink Polish! This place is amazing! Great friendly customer service ... Signed in for 2 pedis - 1 me, 1 my hubby! Sat down and the nail techs gave us a water bottle. Asked what service we'd like. Loved that they didn't try to sell us more than what we asked for! The scented scrub and lotion is great! If I ever visit AZ again I will definitely be back to Pink Polish! Keep up the awesome atmosphere and friendly staff! Thank you for a great experience to two out of towners!
4	My girlfriend and I have been searching for a good pedicure spot, and we both really liked this one. When you walk in it's super inviting and really clean. They have a great setup for manicures and pedicures. Although, don't ask them to just make some cute random design on you toes, they kind of freak out and require to you pick an option, lol. Regardless, it always turns out amazing! Also, you'll want to call and make an appointment though, they're always pretty busy!
5	Phan is amazing especially if you like stiletto nails, her gel polish with glitter are amazing she's super talented fun cute her English is impeccable. My only complaint is they are a bit expensive but I will keep going
4	Probably best nail job I've ever had. I got a gel fill with a Christmas design. Granted, you will pay a little more than other salons... But it's worth it! The lady who did my nails finished quicker than I expected and did the design that I wanted with ease. I would definitely come back to get my nails done. Especially since she made sure that there were no spots without polish. She took time to make sure my nails looked good. Only down side is the price. The place is very big and has a "young" vibe. They played music that my generation listens to and it was clean.
4	Pink Polish is adorable. The place is as spotless as can be and is thoughtfully styled. As with other reviewers, I observed the price points were slightly more expensive than the standard strip mall nail salons, but if you subscribe to the idea you get what you pay for, there is no question of the value you receive in this place! I highly recommend Pink Polish... it was referred to me, and I will refer anyone on this part of town to come, too!
5	Love it here ! They are always nice. It gets busy but they do a great job. Dena is one of my favorites . She is great with designs !
4	First time here. Salon is very beautiful, and the service was quick and precise. But my overall experience could have been better. She did a nice job but said like 2 words the entire time I was here... Wasn't a very warm welcome.
5	One of the best nail salons ever. This is my go to nail place. They do what I want and how I want it and the deluxe manicure feels amazing. The also know how to do acrylics and gels so they actually look good unlike some nail places. I go here to get my eyebrows waxed and for manicure and pedicure. They also have a wide selection of nail colors along with a wide selection of gel nail colors
5	I've been to a lot of nail salons in Arizona, and this is the only one I've become a regular at. The owners are very friendly and accommodating, the staff is great and professional, and they have more gel colors than I've ever seen. They also use great quality brands of polish that are long lasting. I usually get a gel mani or gel polish change, but their pedi's are excellent too. Love the decor of the salon - very warm and inviting and tastefully decorated down to the minute detail.
1	Good nails but RUDE MANAGERS! Don't bother making an appointment!The first time I went to Pink Polish was 3 weeks ago. I noticed that the (male) managers couldn't be bothered to express even an inkling of customer service. I was told (not asked) to sign in, and I got assigned a nail tech right away. She was sweet and did a FANTASTIC job--the best gel nails I've ever had. She made sure all the edges were cleaned up around my cuticles which is super important to me, as it leaves me no reason to pick at them and they last the full 10-14 days. While i was getting my mani, I overheard some techs lauging about one of the managers acting all suave. As if on command, he saddled up to me and complimented my yoga outfit and my nail color choice. I found it odd, but whatever. Just another flirt in a fedora. But when I checked out, the managers were counting their profits at the front desk, and ran my card without looking at me or saying a WORD. I said please and thank you, and they remained completely silent, as if I wasn't even there. It made me think twice about returning, but my mani held up for a full 2 weeks so I figured I'd give them another shot.So, about 2 weeks later, when my mom wanted to treat me to a mani-pedi a few days after I had an appendectomy, I suggested we go to PP.  I called at 10 am and made an appointment for us for 11:30. Again, no please or thank you on the phone. He said "OK" and hung up.We arrived at 11:28 and there were about 5 girls who had walked in right in front of us without appointments. They were all tended to right away. The place was already packed (President's Day). We signed in and stood there waiting for the walk-ins to pick out their polish and to be seated at the nail bar or pedi chairs. Finally, a manager came back to the front desk. We told him we had appointments and he told (not asked) us to go sit in the far end of the lobby, as if we were in their way. He didn't seem to hear us say we had an appointment, so I repeated it nicely. He said, "12:45 right?" And i said, "no, 11:30." (wtf? why would we come an hour and 15 minutes early to an appointment?!). It was now 11:40. Clearly he hadn't actually given us appointments at all when I called. This place is first come first served, without even the appearance of tending to those with appointments first. We waited 10 more minutes until a manager finally told us to go sit down at the pedi chairs. The foot bath water was room temperature and felt gross. After a while, a tech came over to us and she seemed super stressed out. She asked me (but not my mom) to pick which pedi I wanted. I looked at the menu and selected "basic pedi." She didn't seem to like this answer and barked, "You decide!" and left with no explanation. Apparently "basic pedi" would not allow her to reach her daily upsale quota. My mom and I stared at each other, totally shocked, and at the same time, we said, "Let's go!" It was now 11:50 and she didn't even have a nail tech yet.My mom dried off her feet and then mine (I'm post-op disabled), and when we were leaving, my tech ran up, clearly upset that we were leaving. Like, scared for her life upset, and asked us to please go sit. My mom looked at the managers and said, "We're leaving and aren't coming back. You guys are rude." The whole place heard us and the managers said nothing. We then drove down the street and got our mani-pedis at a different, less fancy, less overpriced, much friendlier salon.   It seems as if the managers are so obsessed with their profits that they think it's ok to treat customers like dog turds, and they work their employees into a panicked frenzy that borders on abuse. I don't blame the techs for any of this; they are sweet and work their fingers off. The managers seem like cocky slave drivers, and I refuse to support this business. I suggest you do the same. However, if you can tolerate the managers' complete lack of respect, and want to support their abusive treatment of workers, by all means, go ahead!
5	I've recently moved here from out of state and was on the hunt for a new nail Salon. I researched this one on Yelp and decided to visit since it had such high reviews. This place is amazing. Great service at the door and by the nail tech. I always like my acrylics short and thinned down. She did my nails exactly as I asked and even went over the top on the gel polish. I wouldn't say it's any more pricey than any other nail salon considering the quality of their work. This will be my regular place.
4	I drive from Scottsdale to Chandler about every two weeks to get my nails done here. I've tried many other salons in Scottsdale and none compare. It is clean, modern, and they always do a great job. They will not let you leave unsatisfied.
4	I have become a regular here!  I have never had the same nail technician more than once.  Each one is extremely talented, and I always leave happy with the finished product.  They welcome walk ins and will get you in as soon as possible.  The owner is super friendly along with the staff!  The space is beautiful and they are in the process of adding to it!Wonderful experience, professional, and quality product.
5	Totally recommend and I drove from scottsdale to treat a girlfriend for her bday. We fell in love and will be back
5	Best place in the valley for nails. The salon looks great, it is clean and the decoration is cool. The employees are all friendly and very well put together. It might be a little bit more expensive than a regular place but it is worth it... I even drive from glendale to go get my mani/pedi there!
5	Just an update: several months down the line, I still love this place. I try to come every two-three weeks. Make an appointment for Diana if you can - she's awesome!
1	Crappy service, the girl techs seemed like they were talking about me because they kept looking at my hands and feet and laughing. The girl doing my pedi kept looking at her watch while messaging me and did it half assed. I will not be coming back. Btw I moved here to AZ from Cali 3 weeks ago and I paid $85!! For crappy rude service.
5	I've been to about 20 nails salon in Phoenix and Chandler. I've have so many bad and somewhat good experiences . Pink Polish so far is my most favorite place . I love coming here because I love the atmosphere and people are extremely nice and talented .
5	Truly talented ladies! Yes they seem stressed out or put out sometimes but..I have found if you kill them with kindness and ask how their day is..they are pretty receptive :) I mean yesterday I had one of other nail techs taking a picture of my nails and saying how cute they were!! :) my gal was awesome :) super cute! Almost 8 mo pregnant and just adorable! !! Thanks ladies!!!
3	What I like most about this place is that I can get gel on my fingers and toes. Their location is also convenient. I do think they're a bit over-priced, so unless it is a special occasion I opt for something more budget friendly. The staff has overall been pleasant, nothing extraordinary and nothing terrible.
5	Pink Polish is the best nail salon around hands down!Pros:This salon is Beautiful!Very clean! Most if not all nail techs are very good Large selection of regular and gel polish as well as glitter.Ability to freehand nail art Owners and staff are very friendly and accommodating I've never walked out of this place disappointed VERY competitive pricing especially considering the upscale look of the salonCons:Very rarely will you get a nail tech that isn't as great as all the rest Tips:Call ahead and make an appointment. Though they do take walk ins this place gets busy! (As it should)If you really like your nail tech ask for their name and request them next time! I finally found my "go-to girl" If you are looking for something specific ask the front desk person or owners who'd they'd suggest for the service! They know the nail techs and some of them have specialties.IF you are unhappy how the nails turned out, if they chip the day after, or you realized it smudged when you got home tell them! They'll gladly fix it! They want their customers to be happy!
4	I went to The Pink Polish 4 days ago.  I called ahead the same day for an appointment.  I walked in signed my name, picked my color and was seated.  Nail tech was friendly and did a great job.  Salon is very nice, clean and well organized.  I will definitely return.
5	I am a regular here at PINK POLISH I go for mani/pedi ' s about every two weeks as well as my daughter. Both of us are very picky and we LOVE this place.i have had several different nail tech ' s both have become especially partial to Kathy, who is super talented, creative and sweet. She remembers not only myself and my daughter buy also the things we've previously spoken about, so I'm not just a number there. The owner Tammy is friendly, welcoming and willing to go the extra mile for me, she also remembers my name and has taken me for a gel polish when they were only open for another 20 minutes without a problem. Another time i tried platform pointy nails and two days later came in to have them changed as they weren't for me, she only charged me for a polish change. The decor is top notch,modern and luxurious.I won't be going anywhere else! Go check them out u won't be disappointed.
5	I decided I needed a last-minute manicure for a business event (tomorrow!) and after reading the Yelp reviews decided to give Pink Polish a call even though it is about 20 minutes from my house. I'm glad I did. They were able to fit me right in. The staff at the front desk was welcoming, the wall of gel nail polish options was great and my technician, Rachel, got me seated right away. I didn't know exactly what I wanted so gave her carte blanche with a basic color set and she was off. I love the result and I will definitely be back. Thanks!!
5	I have yet to find any nail salon in Phoenix or Scottsdale that I like as much as Pink. I drive out of my way to come here and usually try and call ahead, as no matter the time of day, it's busy. No matter, I've never had shoddy service. The techs are nice and always professional. I've taken my little girl here too and I always want to be seated next to her to be sure no one tries to 'up sell' her when I'm not around, even if I'm a little ways 'away', that hasn't happened, as it has at other salons in the valley. Pink always has the latest OPI and best gels on hand, so if you happen to know of a color you have seen somewhere , ( say on Pinterest, as where I find all mine!), they have them! Best thing.. They last! My mani and my pedi always last a minimum of 3 weeks & for someone like me, I don't LOVE getting my nails done , because I just don't have time to sit for an hour half plus on my days off! When it lasts , I'm happy. This place is cute, clean and friendly... Worth a little more and worth the trip!
2	Not as good as it once was... A few years ago when Pink Polish first opened I was blown away by the quality of product and service provided. Not to mention skill of the techs. I went only to PP for two years straight and recruited all my girlfriends as well. We even had a bridal shower there and it was extremely well done. However I moved away for a few years and just recently returned.  I was so excited to go back and was thrilled to find out my favorite tech still worked there!  Unfortunately though I left horribly disappointed.  The prices have gone up. Expected. But the quality of product has gone significantly down. The over all atmosphere looks inviting until you overhear the techs and management talk behind each others backs. I did try and go back 2 more times and found myself equally as disappointed. Long story short I found a new nail salon.
5	I got a much needed pedi today from Paula, after moving from Chicago. I can't say enough good things about her.  She was meticulous, friendly, and does beautiful nail art.  She is my go-to girl from now on!
5	Excellent!! Highly Satisfied!!  Excellent service!! My nails and toes look gorgeous!!  You will love it here!!
1	Today I visited this salon for the first time and I am not pleased. I requested a nail take off with gel manicure and pink polish pedicure. The nail technician was unable to do the design I wanted, my polish is uneven and my nails are not filed evenly. I was so disappointed especially after hearing and reading great reviews. I would have spoken with a manager and requested someone else fix my nails and toes, but I had already been there 3 hours and I had another engagement. I am so disappointed especially after spending $75!
1	I came in here a few days ago to get acrylics, I had a picture of the design I wanted that seemed simple enough- matte black nails with a gold line, and shiny black tips- I never specified if I wanted gel polish or just regular polish I was waiting to see if my nail tech would ask (she didn't)I hardly ever get my nails done so I decided to treat myself. My nail tech seemed like she was in a hurry and she was super rude. She kept shaking my fingers and hitting my hand and telling me to relax them, super rude!! By the time it came time to paint them she just grabbed a gel polish and started painting. (I didn't know it was gel until I got the bill)All of my lines were sloppy, my gold lines were coming off, & one nail was completely crooked! She seemed to have difficulty painting the nails matte so she started over and had them all shiny again. I was so ready to leave I told her to just leave them like that. I was so upset that I wasted an hour and a half there just to be unsatisfied with the look of the nails and the service. I went to the counter to pay and I told them I wasn't happy with them and if I could get some sort of discount for having bad nails. They instantly got defensive and said absolutely not we don't do that. And continued on to say there was nothing wrong with my nails that they looked "beautiful". You gotta be kidding me.....I told them there was a crooked one, the lines were horrible, there were bubbles and I didn't think they were worth 60$. The male working told me if I look too close of course they aren't going to be perfect, Um excuse me? I have never had nails that weren't what I asked for at any other place. They told me that they could have someone else take them off and start completely over, like I really wanted to sit another hour and a half! They told me that I needed to be more specific on what I want next time- like a picture is not clear enough!- I will NOT be returning here ever again. Money hungry people!!
2	I just read some of the other reviews that are similar to my compliant. I went for a gel manicure, and was pressured into getting glitter. I finally gave in, it sounded ok and I said I only want a little bit to try it. But never did anyone say it was TEN DOLLARS more for adding glitter! Who in their right mind would pay $10 dollars extra for glitter? Even the owner came by and agreed yes try the glitter yes! I do feel they were just looking to take more money from me. I am very particular about my budget and my nails are a luxury. I never ever would have paid $46 for a manicure! They weren't honest and up front when they offered the glitter, they should say That's $10 extra. And when you try to question their lack of communication or question their services, they play the "English is my second language" game and smile and nod until you give up and leave. I sat for an hour and 40 minutes!! I had to just get out of there. And, to top it off, I had long natural nails when I walked in and told her I wanted to keep the length. She filed one side of each nail round and the other side of each nail in a point.. so I had to go home and file all my nails way down to nothing to get them even. What a disappointment! Not going back.
5	I'm a long time customer of Pink Polish (7 years). I come here exclusively for all of my manicures, pedicures, and waxes. Tami, the owner, has created a modern, clean, and relaxing environment. I get consistently excellent service and results. The tools are sanitized and sealed for each client. I highly recommend an appointment, and find your favorite tech (love you, Lillian!) They have recently opened the Spa by Pink Polish and are offering 1 hour massages for $39, an amazing deal. I had a massage today and it was awesome. My massage therapist was clearly experienced and communicated well with me. The spa is quiet and tranquil and relaxing. I will definitely be back for more. I'm looking forward to full days of pampering ahead!
4	I like this place. They do a good job, it's clean, and they have tons of gel and regular polish options. Their prices are higher than your average salon but they do a good job. You pay for what you get. They do get busy and when they get busy I feel like my services are rushed. I hate when I feel rushed because I go there to relax. Overall they're a good salon.
1	I'll keep it short. The service here is terrible -- both techs at my table did not engage in any conversation, were rude and were on their phones DURING the service, and my manicure was painful and seemed rushed. I will not be returning.
1	Gel manicure lasted 6 days before cracking and peeling. They are con artists with the up charges without telling you.
5	I just tried out their new spa side of the salon today. I got a full body, hour massage and it was great! Wayyy better than massage envy.
1	Can't believe this shop going down! Don't know what wrong though! I've been coming here for 3 year, suddenly it feels different! I lost my favorite tech! She is not there any more!dont know where to find her.she is the best of the best! I walked in there the day before! The vibe is so negative.nobody talk! I know almost every tech in there,I asked what wrong,they don't answer! Feel so bad for this place! The girl did my nails she is new and don't know what to do, it takes her so long to finish my gel! The gel if ugly because she did not clean it carefully as I had it before! My pedicure is ok but I expect more! I used to have the best massage and gel by Chloe though! So sad!
3	Can do better. Waiting period was half hour after appointment. Salon is clean and sanitized, with good look and feel design. WIsh the service could match the interiors. Pedicure was average. Manicure was speeded up.
4	Fawn went to pink lotus in gilbert Libby went to polish me pretty in TempeLots of changes at pink polish
5	I love everything about this place! Everyone is super friendly. I will definitely be back again! Mimi rocks!
4	Anytime my girlfriends and I want to catch up during the week, there is something so relaxing about getting a pedicure at pink polish! I love that they take reservations and keep them, which is very helpful if you have more than two people joining you.My best friend visited me from out of town, and she really wanted to get a gel manicure, and naturally I took her here. We loved our nails and the designs that they were able to do free hand.
5	I came to Pink Polish initially because I got a gift certificate from my boss. I come here frequently. Every other place I've been since has been such a disappointment. They have a ton of colors to choose from and do both gel manis and pedis! The techs wear gloves and use sanitized tools. The venue is highly sanitary and they take a high precaution for spread of infection. (This is coming from a medical professional!). So that is very reassuring considering the horror stories I've heard in the past. I also nanny a 3 year-old that I bring with me sometimes and they never shy away or charge me very much or at all for her. Everyone speaks very good English and is always engaged in conversation. If I were to get married this is where I would take my bridal party!I've never done any of their waxing services but I believe they offer a few. Bottom line, if you're in the area, or not...it's worth a trip :)
1	The atmosphere was set up very nicely lots of polish colors to choose from. When I first arrived I came in with my 2 sisters and my elderly grandma who has a hard time walking. None of us were greeted at all. I somewhat understood because they were so busy. One lady with full lips in particular who worked in the front looked like she was irritated. As  I started telling her what i wanted she popped her elbow on the table covered the side of her side of her face and talk to the other lady like she didn't want us to seen her with an attitude even though it was very clear she was putting on a facade. The other lady who looked like she was in charge of things ignored her pouting and told all of us to write down our names and said she can take 2 at a time. So my grandma and I went first the lady who did my pedi was really nice but the lady doing my grandma seemed annoyed she had to work with someone who had a stroke which effected my grandmas right side. My grandma can keep her leg up but every now and the it fell to the side. I told the lady she needs a little help keeping it up but she kept sighing at my grandma and saying can you keep your leg up and talking to my lady like she was talking mess. Very rude! The rest is history. I wont be going back to this place. There's so many other options both nail shops on dobson and baseline have really good service xo nails.
5	** ABSOLUTELY LOVEEEE THIS SALON **I have been going to Pink Polish for about a year now and I refuse to go anywhere else. Jane there is THEE best . Literally the cutest place ever with tons of colors and so easy to communicate with the techs.. unlike every other nail salon.
5	My family and I have been coming here for about a year now and it's by far the best nail salon we've ever been to. I highly recommend Bebe, Lynn and Lillian. They are awesome at both mani and pedis. The girls never rush and they are amazing at designs. I highly recommend making an appointment because they are ALWAYS busy. Also, their customer service is on point. Way to go Pink Polish!
5	Love this place!  Great service and good quality work. Drive from east mesa to get my nails done here :-)
1	First time here, since I saw all the positive reviews i thought id give it a try.  The place is georgeous but i received THE worst pedi ever. The gal barely spoke any English, barely scrubbed my feet and didnt provde the correct service i wanted. When I told the gal at the front desk about the terrible service she didn't seem to care nor did she offer up talking to a manager. So I would think twice before coming back to polish and would recommend it to nobody ever. If i could Give it negative stars I would!
4	I absolutely love the atmosphere of this nail salon! All the nail techs are so friendly and welcoming. It's an awesome place. A little more pricey than my normal nail spots but you definitely get what you pay for. Tips- Make an appointment. It gets pretty busy and seems hard to get seen if you just walk in. They also don't accept tips on your debit or credit card so make sure to bring cash!
5	This place is gorgeous. The front customer service desk told us to wait and then we got called in for our gel manicures. I had Sydney as my nail tech. She was extremely nice and helpful. Sydney actually cares about your nails and understands English well enough to understand what you like. She is always smiling giving such good customer service and made me comfortable. Not only was she always smiling and made me feel like I am a regular customer but she did a great Job on my gel nails! It lasted two weeks or a little over but for sure it was two weeks at least! I would definitely recommend Sydney! Ask for her if you can, I came here before but this time it was a better experience since I met her as my nail tech. I will come back and only ASK FOR SYDNEY :) .
5	The place looks amazing inside. It's the largest nail salon I've ever seen for starters. They do manicures at a bar/type set up. They have pedicure chairs with wash bowls that lite up w/LED lights- really pretty. & I think they have nabbed all of the best nail technicians from around town because everyone's nails looked fabulous and everyone seemed happy when they were leaving. The ladies at the front desk didn't think twice about letting me run to get cash from the Chase bank across the street because I was without a debit card & u can't put the tip on a credit card, which is all I had on me. So my one and only negative remark is that u have to pay ur tips in cash.....that's the only negative I can come up with. And I had an acrylic fill, with gel polish and came to $45....very reasonably priced place. Oh- & they have a spa right next door :) what more could u ask for?
5	Talented technicians.  These folks really know how to do gel nails - they always last 2 weeks.  They are also up to date on nail trends! Their powder glitter is awesome- adds dimension to your color!This place is really clean.  I am picky and have tried other places, this is the best. :)
5	Lovely did my gel nails and they are fantastic. She was patient and helpful in helping me decide on colors! Ask for Lovely!!!
3	Probably one of the best French manicures I've had done, I finally got around to writing this review 23 days later and it's still on for the most part! The only complaint I had was the service. It might have just been the manicurist I had, but she was extremely short with me and very rude when I had trouble understanding her accent. She also put polish on me that was an extra charge without checking with me first, and was on her cell phone several times throughout the appointment. Was also more pricey than other salons I've been to.
5	My first time was a wonderful experience, I enjoyed to show up with my friend having no appointment we got seated within 10 minutes! It was VIP service.Its my go to place and highly recommend to all my family and friends. We all enjoyed the pampering and our experience here, each and Evey time.When you walk in the feeling just gets better.
2	My friend and I came in for a pedicure last night and it was OK.  The overall pedicure was nice, although my technician did some things I didn't like.  She cleaned off her gloves on the hot towels for my legs before she put them on my legs.  She also cut the cuticle on one of my toes back too far and it is red and irritated.  However, this is only part of the reason for the 2 stars.  They changed the payment system and you can no longer tip on your credit card. I usually tip cash, but sometimes when I didn't have enough I would tip on the credit card. Since that option is no longer available, the woman who performed my pedicure kept coming by and asking me if everything was OK while I was chatting with my friend waiting for our toes to dry. I knew she wanted her tip.  She would loiter and stare at me.  She was going to get a tip, but I wanted to catch up with my friend in peace. When I went to pay she followed me and stood by the register. It really turned me off. I would have tipped her $10, but only gave her $8 since I was feeling pressured for about 20 minutes prior to paying. I wish they would change the system back to the way it used to be because the way I was treated at the end of the pedicure ruined the experience for me.
5	I am new to Chandler and needed to find a nail salon. I had an excellent nail tech in my previous city and had tried another local salon (with terrible results) prior  to finding Pink Polish. I am VERY picky about how my nails look, Anna was my nail tech, she is very sweet and VERY good at pink and white nails. They were absolutely perfect, very thin and she does an excellent job of blending the back of the nail so that when they grow out there is not a ridge. They may not be the least expensive place, but are SO worth it.
2	I went here on a recommendation.  I have a wedding I am in for tomorrow, and because of prior emergencies- I couldn't make their nail date.  I called beforehand to make sure I could get in. As my 2:15 appointment rolls in  I get assisted by a lady - She says hello. I give her the nail polish, and the "order" a gel manicure and an express pedicure ( no one is seeing my toes I just wanted to live a little). My pedicure goes fine, no talking to me nothing. I just sat there. That was lovely.  We got over to where the manicures are done.  I noticed at this time, none of the stuff is packaged ( just in a plastic container), but more on that later.She speaks in some language to another girl ( still no conversation other than hit the machine when the 45 seconds are up).  She picks another color to work with the initial nail color.  I don't mind it's still within the realm of what the bride wants so whatever.  She gets to my hands and  more than one of my cuticles was torn out - she went and got some blue stuff (whatever that is) to pour over my nail.  Burns like hell.  She continues to paint my nails. By 2:45 I was out the door. The whole scenario was VERY rushed.  No conversation, not a care in the world. My fingers still have blood in the cuticles after washing my hands and that just isn't classy. But before I left-  I just saw my manicurist- throw all the tools in some water. I personally am just concerned  the sanitary conditions now.   Because- if they are in the box not wrapped or anything- just  laying out in a plastic container.
