4	In today's environment of zero tolerance of drinking and driving (for millions of good reasons), its good to have a phone number programmed in your cell phone that is truly useful when you've had a little too much to drink. This ain't no 2 a.m. booty call. This is a call that gets you home safely and back to your car in the morning all for a few mere dollars that potentially saves you thousands in the long run.Yes, you can also call a myriad of other cab companies, but the thing I love most about Execuar is the professionalism that they bring to my front door each and every time they pick me up or take me home. Do they make mistakes, sure. Have they left me waiting for an inexcusable amount of time before, yes. But they have done their "fare-share" in managing those few situations. There's damn good reason they are one of my top-five speed dials.
2	When I needed car service for a work related trip in Phoenix, I had my assistant call the Phoenician (the last hotel I stayed at there) for a recommendation.  They suggested Execu Car which by the way is affiliated with the familiar blue SuperShuttle.  Anyways, I had a pick-up at the airport, drop off and wait at a site, and then drop-off at the airport.  Total was 3 hours, cost $135 before tip.   The driver was nice as he should be and prompt.  Nothing special here but no red flags..
3	it's pretty nice when you can have a brand new towncar waiting for you to take you to your 5star hotel.unfortunately, a limo would be better. as would drivers who don't talk 24/7. it's not that execucar is bad, but it doesn't offer anything above and beyond. however I will say that making a reservation was about as easy as it gets - I did it same-day and they were right on time with both pickups.
5	What can I say about Execucar. I love their service. It cost just as much if not cheaper than taking a cab for me. I make a reservation on-line, get confirmation via email as well as a phone call the day before confirming my reservation. The cars are always nice, clean, and fresh smelling (yes that may seem weird but I have been in some cabs that were like WHOA!) The drivers are always in shirts, ties, and slacks and they are professional and courteous. I have never had a driver be late (knock on wood) and they have always gotten me to the airport on-time. Plus I get some frequent flyer miles added to my USAirways account for using them. Can we say bonus!
5	I had a really early flight the day after Christmas. I couldn't find a ride to pick me up from the airport, I decided to use Execucar's will call service since I had tons of luggage. It was awesome. There was driver waiting in the waiting lot for me when my plane landed. When I called him at baggage claim they came to get me in a matter of minutes. I was traveling with my little dog and completely made the process easy to be picked up curbside. The car was clean, plus our driver was very friendly and professional. Thanks Execucar, I will certainly be using your service more often! I am just sad I didn't learn about you earlier.
4	Flew into Phoenix and used ExecuCar a few times over a couple days. Each time the driver was great and accommodating. The company has the contract to service the W which says something about their ability to deliver service. They did each time I used them. In one instance I took a cab to one location and ExecuCar on the way back. ExecuCar was faster and less expensive.  My only wish was that their dispatch was a friendly as their drivers. Aside from that, they get my highest marks.
1	I strongly recommend using any other car service other than ExecuCar.We reserved an ExecuCar for our wedding to pick us up at our reception and take us to our hotel, and they did not show up. After multiple phone calls of them telling us 10 more minutes, we were finally driven to our hotel on our wedding night by our parents. We missed the send-off from our guests because the car never showed up and we were the last two people to leave our wedding because of this company. They are not only unreliable,  they  don't know how to value important events, or respond to customer complaints or issues. Do not use this company for any important transportation because they are completely unreliable and untrustworthy. I strongly recommend using any other car service other than ExecuCar.
4	My wedding happened to fall during prom weekend and every limo service I called turned me down for a transport.  I decided to settle for a lincoln town car and knew ExecuCar had a fleet.  They charged me a fair price for the transport from our wedding venue to our resort.  They arrived on time and when we tried to tip the driver he would not accept it and said it was included in the transport price.
1	Montelucia Resort in Scottsdale, AZ recommended ExecuCar to take my family and I from Phoenix Airport to the resort. I booked a week in advance as I was flying my mother and sisters in from PA and I was flying in from CA. The morning of travel I received a call from ExecuCar as I was on my way to the airport that they would not be able to fit our bags (which I indicated the total when I made the reservations) and my options were to cancel or pay double and they would accommodate us. I cancelled and booked a midsize car which cost me over $400 for the days wer were at the resort. I was stuck as I was already in route to the airport and booked 8 min before boarding my flight. I can not believe they waited to contact me about this on my way to the airport when i booked days before. I called the resort and said they need to stop recommending this service. When I get to the airport they were there to pick me up because the resort was ready to pay the double fee for me, however at this point I had already pre-paid $400+ for the rental car. This service (ExecuCar) is horrible and did not even ask the size of our bags. We were able to get all of us and our bags into a mid size car. I am a Director of Sales and was excited to use them in the future and was treated so badly and put in a terrible situation by them and under a lot of stress on a holiday weekend.Use any other service than ExecuCar. Don't put yourself in a difficult situation of booking and them not coming thru for you.
1	Very shady.   Double charged my card.   I would highly suggest using another service.
4	I've used this car service many times to go to/from the airport on business trips.  The drivers are always at least 5-10 minutes early picking me up from home, which is great because sometimes I want to leave a little early.They're also very courteous and take care of your luggage and door when you get in/out.  They hate it when I do it myself....that kind of stuff doesn't matter to me, but I've learned to let them do it because I get the feeling that they're required to and will get in trouble if they don't.  I have no idea how they would be audited, but I just go along with it.The cars are always well kept, comfortable, and the AC is always on....in Phoenix, it's important to have the car cool.  There's controls in the back for you to take care of the temperature if it's not right for you when you get in.  There's also a complimentary bottle of Water waiting for you in the back as well.Overall, it's an awesome service.Return Factor - 90%
2	Used to use all the time. I travel weekly for work and sometimes a car service is easier. Tonight is the 5th reservation that was screwed up in my household. I am done w them. Never again. Late pick ups, rude drivers, early pick ups at 5am w drivers threatening to leave on voicemail.
4	I have been using Execucar since 2007 and I have never been picked up late.  Love the new app for ease and speed of booking.  When I am out if town I use Uber but in the valley I use them.
5	My wife and I travel in and out of Phoenix frequently. After renting cars, driving ourselves and paying for parking, getting friends to take us to the airport, we finally tried ExecuCar. Over the last three years, they have been excellent with on time pick ups, comfortable and safe vehicles, and almost always safe and courteous drivers. We can count on them to get us to the airport and be there to pick us up when we return.  My only wish would be to have a "frequent flyer" kind of sign in program. I usually sign up for a trip on the web, and it doesn't recognize me even though In have used them six or seven times already in the last several months. It would be nice to have all of my pick up and drop off info entered automatically. That being said, it is a reliable and safe transportation option.
5	I have been using Execucar for more than 10 years. The service has been very reliable and predictable. It has made many improvements over the years. Now the wait time for the car at the airport arrival is almost immediate upon replying to the text I receive on landing! I will always use Execucar instead of the taxi as it is well worth the extra 10 to 15 dollars,
5	I've been a regular customer of Execucar for several years now, primarily using them for airport trips.  However with the introduction of the Z-Trip app, using them now is easier than ever.  I love the fact that I can open the app and it will tell me how far away the nearest car is.  This is great when I need a very nice, clean, safe and reliable ride from point A to point B.  They are always early, always professional and a company that I just love to use for business and leisure.
5	I have been using ExecuCar for 10 years.  The first 7 years, I took about 30 roundtrips per year.  Lately, I've been traveling less, but ExecuCar is still my go-to for airport transpo.Why?ALWAYS on time, reliable, and comfortable cars (unless they send the SUV, which is entirely uncomfortable unless you have a big, comfortable ass of your own, which I don't :( ). I love being able to book online, pay online, and get a receipt in person.  Perfect.My only complaint, is I wish they had some kind of loyalty promo.  For the hundreds of work trips I've taken over the years, I wish my upcoming personal vacation ride could be at a discount.  It would be nice if they had even the smallest of perks (discount off after a certain number of roundtrips, etc.).
2	Ride over was quick through the Hilton. We were told we would just need to call the number on card we received and have the car in 20 min. 30 min before departure we called and was told it would be 90 min!!! 4 cars for this party and they don't get a piece. Thanks for getting us stranded.
5	My flight was 50 minutes early and my driver was already  there at the Airport when I landed and patiently waiting till we were able to get to a gate (since we were early) and then patiently waited for me to file my lost baggage claim too. I used the meet and greet service!! I highly recommend it!
1	I used Execucar a while back because they seemed professional and well, executive...My driver came at the right time for pick up and that's pretty much where the positives stop...He was completely rude and just a complete a-holeWe tried to make convo with each other but he made it seem like I was not the typical demographic that he transportsOKI'm young and I only needed his services for this one rideIf I wanted some lip, I would've got a cab driver who I could hardly understandHe went on an on about how he picks up business professionals and celebrities... I was sitting in the back rolling my eyes thinking "D-listers hardly count as celebs" as he was going through his list of has-beens and one hit wonders...The entire ride the driver belittled me and made it sound like he was doing me a huge favor in driving me when really I kept thinking, any other form of transportation would've been a better optionAfter a while I just tuned him out and ignored himAlso, the car was not cute or clean at allThe "leather" interior was dated and grossI kept thinking I should've used a Lyft instead because they have nice drivers who can make convo in a nice, professional way...I would not recommend this company and you won't find me sitting in the back of that gross town car ever again...
5	We have been using Execucar for airport transport for several years. We have always had a good experiences. Drivers are always about 10 minutes early which is appreciated.
5	I've had many an anxious moment in the past because regular taxi wouldn't pay attention and turned down a street with the same name, using LANE instead of DRIVE, even after warned of this.ExecuCar arrived 15 minutes early and waited quietly outside my house until I was ready to leave.  That made the start of a long-planned international vacation anxious-free and smooth.  Worth the extra cost to use this service instead of taxis.  I'll use them again for sure.
5	My family and I have used Execu Car many times and we have always had excellent service. The drivers show up 10 mins earlier than the scheduled pick up time. Even the ones who don't like to chat are still nice and professional. Not all people like to chat so I don't care as long as they are polite and professional. The gentleman who picked us up at the airport tonight was their before our flight landed and sent text messages to alert us which airport curb door he was parked near. This was a nice touch beyond the normal procedure which is for the passenger to call when they arrive. Even then, I've never waited more than 10-15 mins. The Lincoln Town Cars are so comfy and spacious after a long flight.I'm sad to see some Yelp reviewers had a bad experience, but that is not the norm and I would not be scared away from using this service. It is SO much better than a shared van or taxi and a great deal for 4+ people. I would even choose them for non-airport rides; parties, date night etc.
5	I've used ExecuCar for the past few years because it's easy to schedule my car, they're professional and on-time.  I used them this week to get me to-from the airport and as always our driver was professional, courteous and on-time.  What I really like is getting a text upon my return to Phoenix so I can call my driver after I grabbed my bags from the luggage area.
5	I have used ExecuCar numerous times to and from PHX Airport. I have never had a bad experience, they always arrive early, no matter what time my flight is. I highly recommend ExecuCar over a cab company any day,
5	It is rare that I take the time to complete a survey on service, but I was compelled to as my husband and I are always so impressed with this service.  The drivers are consistently accommodating and friendly.  We have come to look forward to this service and driver interaction being a part of our trip!
1	This car service had been consistently great at drop off but 100% a holes at drop off!! We have used them twice in N Phoenix when we go to Turf Paradise. We get picked up at Hilton Pointe Tapatio and the driver has no issues finding turf paradise but when it comes time for pick up, the drivers cannot find us and have been so rude!! I am going to use a cab company going forward. No need for the attitude because you don't know your way around!!
1	Horrible unprofessional service!! I made a round trip reservation & paid in advance  2 weeks ahead. Execucar called me 45 mins before they were scheduled to arrive and told me they had a scheduling conflict and needed me to take a taxi. On my return trip to the airport they completely NO SHOWED me!! I had to hail a cab and barely made my flight. Their only excuse was again a scheduling conflict!! I will never use this service again!
5	Excellent service every time I use them.
5	I've used ExecuCar many times over the course of the past year and half. I've never had an issue with them. Drivers have always been on time, always courteous and friendly. I've tried a bunch of other car services and ExecuCar has always been my go to car service.
