4	I've had several cars tinted here to include BMW, Audi & Infiniti and they've done a really good job on all of them. No peeling, bubbling or anything negative to say. I would recommend them for your next tint job and will be taking the wifey's new VW Sportwagen this week.
4	The VW looks good and I've posted some pictures, 15% Llumar. Only reason for 4 stars is it took them from 11 - 5 to complete a 2 hour job otherwise the job quality gets 5 stars!
1	Will never do business with this Company and discourages anyone that do not have ample knowledge on the difference between grades, shades, uv numbers etc. I paid  this Company to tint some windows at my house, I  have the Vegas Sun hit them directly  when it is 110 degrees outside.!!They left them the same because according to their records that is what I requested.....( I Must have been a tint window installer on a previous life)Janet F
1	Buyer BE WARE. This is the classic case of the  car stereo/tint shop there to rip off consumers because they are crooks and think everyone else is stupid and not educated on prices.if they can pull the wool over your eyes they will. The fact that I am a girl just added to how badly I was ripped off.  I had my previous car tinted with them and when I purchased a new car instead of driving to the shop with my car i decided to get a phone quote. They ask you the make/model of your car. I told them I had a 4 door sedan which the salesperson aked me again what make/model and I told them it really didnt matter what was the quote. They charge you based on the kind of car you drive. The more expensive of a car the higher the quote. i wouldnt trust these thugs with any car tint, stereo purchase or rims. GO to BEST BUY for any electronics. At LEAST you will have a warrantly and a fair price.  not some cheesy thug fresh out of jail  trying to overcharge you.  PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH youll regret using them just as I did. I spread the word to everyone I know so they dont fall into the same trap
5	Excellent service! I was referred from the Mercedes dealership and wow what a great job- these guys really know their stuff and the quality of their work is great! I will definitely will refer all my friends -
5	Got my Jetta Sedan windows tinted back in '07 and they have been PERFECT--going on strong for 5 solid years.  It is so important to get a GOOD car tint in sweaty Vegas.  The guy helping me out also educated me on the different kinds of window tint I could use.  Thank you, Total Eclipse, for an excellent job!
3	Had a couple tint jobs done here.  Results very mediocre both times.  Numerous small bubbles in all windows and at least one scratch/gouge (visible from five feet away) in all windows.  Had one redone by them and results were basically more of the same.  Price was ok.  Therefore the rating for these guys is "ok."  They did have a wide selection of tints which was nice.
5	I am so happy with the tint job that I received from the folks at Total Eclipse! I got my 4 door sedan windows tinted in the summer months of 2008 and I am happy to report that it looks just as beautiful as the day it was done! No bubbles or discoloration, which a lot of my friends have experienced going to other places. It was an easy, quick, and an affordable process that I STILL remember, that's how awesome it was. THANK YOU!!!
5	Great job...and amazingly fast.
5	First time dealing with Total Eclipse, called to find out their prices for 5 windows. They told me to come down and I did with no appointment. Overall work time came out to be just a little under 45 min. Found the work to be pretty good. I've gotten my vehicles tinted at other places and found this one to be the most pleasant. Good job total eclipse.
1	BEWARE!!!I used Total Eclipse to have a window re-tinted because the tint had been on the car for 7 years and was peeling.They did the work quickly, and within about 45 minutes I was out of there with a freshly tinted window on my Lexus.  They told me to wait at least 3 days before I rolled down the window.  To be safe, it was more than a week before I rolled down the window.About three weeks later I rolled the widow down and hear a crunching noise, and when I rolled it back up there was about a 4 square inch area that was peeled and folded up and would clearly get worse.I took it back in immediately and the guy at the counter recognized me immediately.  I told him I was just there and he said "Ya the Lexus right?" so they clearly knew I had been there.  He had one of the managers come out and look at it.The manager took a look and said it needed to be replaced and asked me for my receipt.  I looked around and couldn't find it but told him I was just there a few weeks ago and the guy at the counter remembered me.  He said that without a receipt he won't fix the window because I can't prove that I had the work done there!!So I told him that the guy inside remembered me and that they had to have a copy of the receipt inside and he again said if I didn't have "my copy" he wouldn't warranty the work.So I drove away with a damaged window tint and the crappy job that they did will now have to be redone by someone else, who will hopefully stand by their work.
5	These guys didn't just do an awesome job they also got me in early and finished early!
5	Got my tint done a few months back, and they did an amazing job. Now, decided I need a glare strip put on to help eliminate the sun from my eyes when driving during the days. Can't imagine ever driving a car without tint, the most worst thing ever. The amount of heat it rejects. This company uses a great grade of film, not the $99 cheap film. They give a reasonable price and now I see they do oil changes next door. Awesome, one stop shop!!!
