2	Very old and strange place. Normally I would call the government to shut it down. But the pizza was surprisingly good. I have no idea how this place stays open. But don't eat there... Seriously. Have it delivered. Ignorance is bliss.
5	Great neighbourhood pizza joint. Low prices and service with a smile.
4	Nostalgia wins the day here. The pizza is cheap, and good. The delivery range is limited to anywhere in pte claire. Dining in is fun as the place has an old time feel with small booths with old coin juke boxes at each table, and old soda jerks behind the counter. George, and Athens, are west island institutions.
3	I have eaten here on occasion since I was a small boy. Then decades later rediscovered this now truly retro late 50's early 60's vintage neighbourhood pizzeria. Where the menu has not changed, same husband and wife team still serve up good food at an 80's (inflation eh, lol) price. They're open Monday to Saturday evening, closed on Sundays.The pizza, all dressed (16" $19.00) is our usual, is good almost great. The sauce is nice without any hint of acid, the cheese is real mozzarella and stretches like the pizzas of old. The (circa 60's) challenge of lifting a slice was getting it to your face without the multiple strings of cheese getting in the way. Oh those were the days my friend we thought they'd never end.  This evening (16th Aug. 2013) I went in to grab a couple of cheese burgers, they are the real deal and have not changed since the place opened in the mid 50's. Two all dressed cheese burgers and one size only fry (to split) for a whopping $10.05 tax included. That is a very hard deal to match.The burger is fresh and handmade, the meat unfortunately is not spiced or seasoned but that was the way it was. Try eating a McMystryBurger without all the condiments and you'll see the difference between commercial crap and a local pizza joint that has been around forever.Now the fries are nothing to talk about and get a 1 star if that but when in roam .etc. the fries of the 60's where far superior and I don't understand why they've gone the commercial route. Although LaFleur fries are a lot of work but can be bought commercially and taste like the real deal, less the peeling, soaking and blanching.Travel back in time as you take a seat and just enjoy what was a much simpler time. The food is a three and improvements could be made, sure. But with the good food, awesome prices and the super for real retro time machine feel it is a five in my heart and that is all that really matters. Also the place is not dirty it is well maintained by both husband and wife. It is very old and the pictures and signs are faded but it is otherwise very clean and so is the kitchen, I've seen it. Unfortunately, the old time table jukeboxes don't work but the contents of what we used to listen to is still there, flip through time, it's a blast. If you're from the area and love time travel this is the place.Club Sandwich: $8.00, Grilled Cheese $2.75, Chicken Salad Sandwich: $3.50, awesome prices.
