1	I normally would not take the time to write a review, but after leaving Attractive Nail & Spa today.....it is TIME!!  This is actually the closest nail salon to me, but instead I drive an extra 10 miles to go to another place (but today off ramp closure, short on time etc..) I decided to revisit A N S.  They offer an "Express" pedi for $18, so that is what I opted for. Perhaps when the tech hears "EXPRESS"  they automatically hear "CHEAPO" none the less I am a good tipper & not to mention that I get a pedi every other week religiously!!!  So you can do the math......In the past I would regularly pop in here for a quick "adequate" unfriendly pedi, this time it was less than that!  The kid that did my pedi was in such a hurry to go have a smoke & get back to his MACPro, that he left me w/ toes that looked like they were painted by me(not good).  The only words spoken to me were "pick color"  now  I wasn't looking for a new BFF, but COME ON.... he's been there long enough to know that  maybe a few words to your customer could increase your tip.  I have never felt warm & fuzzy at A N S, more times than not there is an "unhappy" vibe.....the 2 male owners (I assume) patrolling each station so that they can efficiently get everyone in-n-out ASAP!!  Sooooo with this said I will NOT be returning to Attractive Nail & Spa, I will continue to make the extra drive and at least there they "pretend"  to be happy to see me (and my wallet).
1	I quit going to this place quite some time ago for the same reason that DH indicated.  Unfriendly, speed mani/pedi's, hurry, hurry, hurry, gotta smoke.  I also had issues with polish bubbling because either their polish is old and nasty or they paint it on too thick and in a hurry.
5	I love this place. I have been to several different nail places and I love hoe this one is cleanand professional. I use their waxing services along with acrylics and pedicures. I have 3 favs over there. Steven, Sonny ,and Michelle. Sonny is good for any service. Steven is amazing at acrylics. and Michelle is my absolute fav for doing my pedicures. I have been going there since they opened and keep going there because its clean and they have great service.
2	Got my nails done on Friday and by Monday they were chipped. Pedicure lasted less than 2 weeks. The #4 pedicure is wonderful but not enough to keep me coming back.
3	Like almost any nail salon the technician makes the difference.  At Attractive Nail and Spa I have had great service, horrible service and just about everything in between.  I've learned to ask for certain people -- I really like Johnny (the manager) who does a nice and thorough job on acrylics.  My advice is to try to go during off hours to get the best service.  Going on a Saturday morning will definitely not be relaxing and customers are likely to feel rushed as there are so many people waiting.  One thing I wish they did do, however, is arm/hand massages for acrylic services.  Just because I wear acrylics because my nails don't grow and are nasty doesn't mean I wouldn't enjoy a nice massage.  :)
5	I have been to a lot of nail salons and this one is by far the bast. Service was great and they do a great job. Go here!!!
2	Just like the previous comment, I also have had great service, horrible service and just about everything in between. Lately more bad then good. They have high school assistants helping with misc. cleaning and front desk. Last week 3 of us went in, we had an appointment and they were very busy. They had the high school assistant do my pedicure. She was in experienced and cut my nails to short and uneven. Also the polish was unevenly distributed. Very unhappy. I though I would give them one more try for my arm wax. I have gone many times before. They double dip and or even use the rolling gel stick. The wax was dripping everywhere. The technician seemed to be in a hurry to get back to her lunch. I was very disappointed. I will not be returning.
5	Moved here from Ohio.  Visited several nail salons prior to finding this one. It's hands down the best I've visited in Goodyear. (Especially for pedicures.) VERY clean. Plenty of nail techs available. Have never waited. Frequent Visitor reward program. Prices are average. Really nice people working. Great massage chairs.
1	I had the worst mani at this place. I went in on a friday afternoon, went back sat afternoon because all my polish chipped off, they only fixed the right hand, went back sun afternoon, the left hand had all chipped off. I made them re-do both hands and even though the polish isn't chipping, it's all bubbly and it looks like a 6 year old polished them. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Shauna L.
5	Had to wait a bit, but it's Sunday mid-day so that's not unexpected. They had me soak my feet while I waited the 20 minutes. Had the #2 pedicure with a thorough massage and good attention to detail. I'm extra ticklish and he was great and making it as easy as possible. I don't like chatting much so I was happy to be left in peace to read - but good enough English to avoid confusion. Great job with polish and not expensive. $22 before tip.
5	Took my wife and 3 year old here after a trip to paradise bakery.  We walked in a few minutes before close but the ladies were very friendly with my 3 year old and were more than happy to take care of my wife too.  I dropped them off, did some shopping came back and BAM happy wife, happy life.   Ohh and the price was great.
1	So I have been a regular customer here for five years. Today I went and the lady that did my pedi and mani needs to retire. The pedi was just ok but that is always a hit or miss depending on who you get. When it came to do the mani it was rediculous. I have been getting gel nails for a long time. I am pretty up to speed with how to remove the gel so when she started I thought ok maybe she is gonna buff them a couple times because the first time with the machine she missed about 3/4 of the top coat. This of course is the seal and what keeps the gel on the nail. So she soaked my nails and wrapped in tin foil. After a couple minutes she removes the wraps. She tries to scrape the gel off and it clearly was not coming off. She then justs starts to file and shape the nails. She said she has to wait to file the gel down again because my nail beds will get hot. I said something 3, 4 and 5 times about getting the rest of the gel off and she busts out the machine again and just smooths the edges of the gel to try and blend it to even it out. I kept telling her she needs to soak them again and she refused. She tried to say that it is part of my nail. She was wearing glasses but I think she needs a new script to see better. My nails are not lumpy. Then she has me wash my hands telling me to use the nail brush to soften the nails. When I get back to the chair she asks me to pay before she paints my nails. I had to tell her again there is still gel on my nails and she starts filing them again telling me it is just part of my nail like if I ever had acrylics that it becomes part of the nail. SERIOUSLY!!! I finally just said forget it and I will finish taking it off at home. Then I go to pay for the pedi and she is trying to charge me for gel removal and a mani. Ummm hello, you don't charge for a service you didn't complete. Someone else finally stepped in and they conversed for several minutes in vietnamese and still want to charge for the mani but not for removing the gel. I had to share again this is not right since she didn't do a mani. Point of the story is I will no longer go back there. I posted a pic on this site so you can see for yourself that the gel was not removed and guess what.....it wasn't part of my nail either as you can clearly see it peeling off.
2	My daughter and I tried this place yesterday after my friend had recommended this place. First off we were put in separate chairs. I didn't figure this out until they had already started on my feet. The lady who did my feet never said more than 5 words to me. Then as she was doing my mani she answered a phone call and had a conversation the entire mani . My daughter was not too impressed either. The wax was entirely too hot. I told her it was hot a few times. My feet turned beet red and the foot massage afterwards was not relaxing one bit. The polish job itself looked unprofessional. I hate writing bad reviews but this place is way over priced for poor service and subpar work. We will stick with sensational nail salon across the street.
5	I have been going to Attractive Nails for a long time for pedicures and manicures. The salon is immaculate and the staff is super friendly and extremely professional.  I would highly recommend this salon as I have been extremely happy with the services they provide.
2	Lady doing my nails seemed friendly enough, however I paid for a gel mani. Which lasted a whole one week. Gel is more expensive because it usually last 3weeks. The reason for the chips was the fact that the polish was just globed on.
