4	Ok, so this is a Montreal greasy-spoon institution. Now, I've never been here for any of the food, but the place is famous for it's orange drink. I can definitely vouch for the uniqueness of it and it's a must try, especially in Montreal!Beware, it's quite sweet!
4	This is the giant orange in the middle of a busy street.  Never tried any food here, but have had their delicious and unique orange julep many times.  Very refreshing, very unique, very yummy!  Imagine a thick orange juice that is somehow extra sweet and almost creamy in texture.  I have yet to taste anything like it.  Still not sure what their secret ingredient is.  A little pricey for just a bit of juice, but you pay a premium for a unique product.  If you haven't met your vitamin C quota for the day, grab a drink here.
5	I LOVE this place. There's a reason it's stood the test of time, and it's because it's the perfect combination of a novelty monument (massive orange sphere) and a delicious independent fast food restaurant. I make it a point to go here whenever I'm in Montreal. The julep is like Orange Julius but better. And the Poutine is some of the best in the city. Yes the food is greasy... That's the appeal! 5 stars.
4	There is a difference between the orange juice and the orange frappe (creamier). I like the juice myself, but that is personal preference. Key thing to note! I'm not sure what their special ingredient is, but damn it's delicious. I'd buy this by the litres if I could. Ah, I'll miss this in Montreal.
4	I feel so nostalgic when I drive by this place ... This place is definitely tucked into one of my earliest memories of Montreal - my birth city!Well, I had some orange julep gibeau tonight and it was definitely yummy.  It is a sweet, very frothy, slightly creamy orange juice ... a little lighter tasting than the regular orange julius.  This place is special and I hope it stays around forever ... I want my little guy to have memories of this place too :)
3	Came to Montreal to visit an old friend, and he told us we had to try the famous Orange Julep at the giant orange ball.  Well we did, and although it was a great drink, it was pretty much an Orange Julius from back home.  Creamsicle flavored drink.  Thats all we had here, just ate lunch somewhere else and came to sample the famous drink. Maybe worth a shot if thats your type of pleasure, but nothing I would send a post card to my mom about.
5	Whenever I'm on a flight from Europe and about to land, I always know I'm in Montreal by two landmarks which are easily identifiable from the air: The Olympic Stadium and the iconic Orange Julep.This place has taken tackiness and elevated it to an art form. The rollerblading waitresses from the 1950's are long gone, but the greasy burgers, fries, hotdogs, pogo sticks (or corn dogs for you Americans), and of course Orange Julep drink are all still there.Between May and September, try to go on a Wednesday night when all the vintage cars and hot rods of Montreal show up and everyone is free to walk around and check everything out along with the colorful personalities. (speaking for myself I prefer that over the Grand Prix scene on Crescent Street any day).It's a fun place to go for fast eats in the summer in Montreal.
2	Lots of locals here and recommending this place highly.,  food is not so great, and the famous orange dreamsicle drink is the same thing as orange julias back in the states.  Over all, big whoop de doo.
5	FYI: I apologize for my mini hiatus from Yelp. A fellow Yelper recently asked to follow up on where was the best poutine in Canada indeed was and I shall proudly bestow an answer!But first I shall warn you that none of my pretty words will truly do justice to how delicious this particular poutine really is! As an aspiring journalist/Yelp Elite Member, I will try my hardest! So it is located at this BIG ORANGE SPHERE looking thing, for lack of better words... (I told you my pretty words cannot deliver justice!) See picture instead please...!It is without a question the best poutine I have ever consumed in my 24 years of living. As a native Canadian, I take pride of what I say is the best poutine because I believe it's one of our signature dishes. No other country really serves it, right? I should also note that ever since living in the states, I yearn for it every time I travel back home to Quebec. It's like a long lost friend and you get excited every time you see 'em again! It's simply and arguably the greatest. TRY IT and if you disagree, please feel free to comment on my Yelp and enlighten me where you THINK the best poutine is at. But I doubt it; I just foresee a lot of Yelpers thanking me for introducing them to the best poutine ever on Earth is. Aside from the scrumptious poutine (there are a variety to choose from; I usually just order the "Original"), they also serve the best ORANGE JUICE ever. Fuck Tropicana, Minute Maid, Simply Orange. (Profanity is needed/crucial because this is some serious OJ). Again, I suggest you try it and come back and enlighten me (AKA thank me) on what you think :) This whole review sounds like a threat. Us Canadians just want you to taste authenticity is all! Enjoy yourself, fellow Yelpers! Thank me later. (sound familiar?...Drizzy much?)
4	It's hard to miss the bulbous orange ball beside walmart on decarie, which is none other than the Orange Julep.This restaurant is known for their orange juleps, which are really like a melted dreamsicle in a styrofoam container.  However they are also a notable greasy spoon as well, additionally serving all dressed hamburgers, hotdogs, poutine, etc.  The prices aren't too bad either, you can get two people out the door, each with a burger, fries and julep combo for a total of $20 or less.Parking is in a private lot, and while indoor seating is limited, there are picnic tables outside.  If no seating options are available, conveniently all orders are given take out style.~Enjoy!
5	The Orange Julep Gibeau is a Montreal institution, you drive past it on the decarie when you head into Montreal downtown.  We made it a point to stop in before heading to our Montreal downtown hotel.  Their infamous Orange Julep drink is what brings you to the orange ball, then you can enjoy their poutine and hot dogs.Orange Julep is like an Orange Julius drink but WAY better.  Frothy, creamy with loads of vitamin C.  I recommend getting a XL jug as it is the best value for $10.25.Next time, we are in Montreal, we might hit up Orange Julep Gibeau before we get to Montreal and we leave Montreal.This place is definitely 5 star worthy!
4	You can't miss this Montreal institution. This Huge orange ball on Decarie serves Hot-Dogs and this interesting creamy orange juice. I work steps away from this place and its great in the summer.
5	Unique orange juice experience, a mandatory stop when in Montreal. Rest of menu is typical fried fare, very flavorful, but dont let you doctor catch you there twice in a week. A strict drive-in, a few picnic benches on the side for summer time, open all night.
2	The Julep is delicious and the giant orange is a Montreal icon, but apart from that, it is really just over-priced hot dogs and fries. A nice stop for a tourist, I guess. I would stop by to pick up a jug of orange juice but I pass on the rest.
3	A Montreal classic that is worth a visit at least once. Orange Julep is definitely the star, but hotdog with poutine wasn't bad.
4	Great place, the orange juice is tasty!!!
4	You have to come here for their Orange Julep! It is the best I have ever had and of course their confit fries!!!! Although I was just a tourist, I was taken by local friend to this spot and even he really loves coming here.
5	Orange Julep Gibeau is possible the best place ever for refreshing orange juice in Montreal! This legendary institution, and the source of many childhood memories, has been serving the freshly-squeezed concoction since the early 1930s. Whether you're local or simply visiting Montreal, it's worth the stop-over.
5	God's blessing to Montrealers! The oldest Drive-In in Quebec & they still have Car Shows!I have been coming since I can remember as a child.Soooo Good, Sooo Unique and Soooo worthwile any which way you gotta travel to get there.Point Finale!!!!!
4	Iconic. My wife swears by their grilled cheese. Food is good. The Julep is definitely the star. I would have given a 5th one if the Julep was more reasonably priced, especially given that I often don't make it as far as my car with any of it left. I'm definitely a fan.
4	I came in on a random Sunday afternoon just before Christmas. There was nobody else in sight, which was not a bad thing as there is only one picnic table available inside during winter. They cooked my fries to order, topped with fresh curds (not always that easy to find), smothered with a thick rich brown gravy. Price tag a bit much at $9 for a small appetizer type poutine, but it was taassstttyyyy. Weirdness of the orange ball thing aside, maybe it's a tourist trap but I'll take my out of town friends for a poutine there before La Belle Pro any day. P.S. Use your GPS to find it. Not the easiest place to get to.P.P.S. They take US dollars at par.
5	Love their orange juice! and their fries and poutine, in my opinion, are one of the best in town! Their fries are not crunchy (keep that in mind) but incredibly sweet and flavourful! Thick poutine gravy, plus the amazing fries and cheese = heaven! Nothing fancy, but very very TASTY!!!
5	Orange Julep, what in the heck is that you might ask? Well, picture a melted orange creamsicle in beverage form. It's some sort of concoction consisting of OJ, milk, egg whites and sugar and the result is one of the best things you will ever drink. It's got a frothy head, a smooth consistency, it's incredibly tasty, and probably packed with 1000 calories, but who cares! If ever in Montreal you must try it! While I love the julep (who couldn't love a gigantic orange dispensing orange drinks?), I would also highly recommend the poutine. The fries are great, the gravy is rich and flavorful and the cheese curds top it all off. The only minor negative is that it can be pricey. The julep is not a cheap drink, so get a medium, I promise you it's enough!
5	I wish I could have a direct line of orange julep to my house. You know, at the sink, three taps instead of two: hot/cold/julep. It's like a delicious orange milkshake.The poutine is pretty good too. And the hot dogs.But what's in the big orange? Is it filled with julep to the point of bursting? Stacks of fresh oranges piled up in 3-storey pyramids? Holy relics belonging to the Vatican? The recipe for Coca-Cola? We may never know.
4	Best orange julep ever! It is kind of out of the way but if you have a car, definitely check it out. Awesome juice and amazing fatty fries with duck confit on top. What else can you ask for?!
5	A favorite of mine since childhood, orange juice but not just orange juice, it's like orange cream Popsicle in juice form, there perfect description.I'm totally biased about this place... When I think of orange julep, I remember the long summer days back when, we would come and hang out in the lot have some orange juice just after dark, it was still warm out with just a little breeze. There would be these young people with their cars, blasting Michael Jackson, beat it and Billie jean, and break dancing, and then you sip some orange julep, and it's like you're in heaven.I'll have two jugs to go please... :)
5	I don't think there is a single Montrealer who hasn't been here and if they haven't than they really aren't a true Montrealer anyway so it really doesn't matter. Orange Julep is a must try and a must return often type of place, although its open all year around these days it will always symbolize summer comfort food for me.I can't call it a good summer if I haven't enjoyed one of their amazing burgers, fries, poutine, hotdog, or poutines all washed down with the one and only orange julep shake, which can be likened to but never compared with an orange julius.Just writing this review makes me need my fix so I'll be hitting them up this week for sure and you should too
1	The hot dogs are straight up disgusting. They over price everything ($17.00 for 2 Michigans and a poutine not including tip) the service is mediocre at best. The food left me feeling disgusted and ripped off. **WARNING THIS PLACE IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE AND THATS NOT JUST MY OPINION...GO THERE AND YOU'LL SEE IT'S A FACT**
5	A legendary place! The Orange Julep is a must-have if you're in Montreal!
4	Sad to not give this place 5 stars after hearing so much hype from friends, and as everyone's already mentioned the pro's, here are my cons:-SUPER expensive for junk food and the amount of food given-fries are gross and oily/limp and only tasted good smothered in poutine-no indoor seating so if it's windy or cold the eating experience kind of downgrades-bathrooms are groooossssssNonetheless, I would come back again for the OJ if it was on the way, but if you're visiting Montreal and don't have a car/are staying downtown, I can't say it's worth the trip.
1	Sooo disappointed! This place used to have great tasty burgers which used to be delivered to your car by servers on roller skates but those days are over.Went back today after 10 years and cheeseburger was cold even though I picked it up from the stand. Bread was tasteless, so was the meat. I will go so far as saying - no good. The Julep however was the same.Eating in an old, unkept parking lot . Even the the entrance where u place your order looks unkept.....dirty.So many better places to get a burger but so disappointed to see a landmark, that could have stayed great....go down hill and  loose its reputation and quality compared to its hay days.Ps: watch out for the bees and gulls eyeing your food.
2	Oh gosh, nasty nasty nasty. This was another one of the bf's great idea. "Oh, you planned the whole trip. I only have two requests - poutine and orange julep." How could I turn him down?Traffic was horrendous and we were happy to finally arrive under the giant orange ball. It looked like it belongs in LA. It didn't look particularly clean but that didn't deter the bf.The verdict? The orange julep was more watery than he expected and the burger looked worse than McDonald's. The fries were soaked in oil. Eww.
3	When we were in Montreal eating at the restaurant shaped like a big orange was on our to do list.  I expected more.  Well, actually I'm not sure what I expected, but it wasn't this.  However, we did enjoy the food.  The poutine was good, but the fries could have been cooked longer.  I found that for $22 my daughter and I got more food than we could even dream of eating.  She got the chicken wing meal and I got a hot dog and poutine.  I ate the dog(plain old hot dog), but was too full to eat all the poutine.  My daughter ate her wings, maybe a third of her fries and couldn't get to the slaw.  The highlight... the Orange Julep!  SO YUMMY!  Like a creamsicle in a cup.I think if we would have made it there before sundown we might have be able to take in the experience of eating outside at picnic tables.
5	Since I moved to Montreal, I had been meaning to try Orange Julep and see what people were talking about. I finally did and I can see why people love it soo much! First off the poutine was delicious. Secondly the orange julep was the best thing I've ever drank. Although it seems to be a little pricey, it's addictive and tasty in so many ways. I can't quite describe it completely, but the closest I can is a creamsicle with a little more orange juice in it. I will be back for some more!
4	you start off getting the orange drank as part of your meal... one sip and you've crossed over to the dark side! you'll be paying for the $12 quart before you can even finish uttering the words "crack juice"poutine and hot dogs were good too (you will hate yourself after you finish it though)cheddar stuffed pretzel is just too much, i felt my heart stop a couple of times.no indoor seating, only outdoor seats available.  in the winter, you will have to eat it in your car or on the go.
4	This is a staple in Montreal, my brother in law loves their OJ, burgers and poutine. So naturally, he had to drive 20min in the dreadful winter cold to introduce my Cali husband to the Orange Julep. The OJ was well worth it and their poutine is always mmm mmm good.
3	Oh Giant Orange Julep, it's been 10 years of driving on by you, never stopping, always wondering and tonight it finally stopped. But you didn't wow me. 10 years of wondering must have set my expectations soaring, but 10 years probably saw to a giant price increase? Let's face it, it wasn't cheap eating there, in fact not cheap at all, I got a Veggie Burger with Julep and a poutine, then I saw those Yo Dough cookies and thought I would give that a go too, and $22 dollars later, I could say my meal was ok. The Julep was tasty and the selection quite broad, (having veggie options, gluten free hotdogs, pasta, tuna salad, filet of cod etc.)So I guess I'm happy I finally checked it out, but maybe I'd have to go back in the summertime to re-live it all.
3	It's a big orange building that serves one of the best drinks I've ever had. Decor/Ambiance- 2/5Yay it's a humongous orange shaped spot! Wait a minute..I have to eat in the car? And the bathroom is practically on the other side of the circumference? Dammit!Service- 2/5I always ask questions politely, as I believe that is how I should be treated. And yes- I know this is really a fast food joint. But damn- staff here acted like I was asking them if I could pay in pennies or something. Food- 4/5The BEST orange drink I have ever sipped on is sold here. A quart will run you 12 dollars. In hindsight, I should have bought as many as would fit in my car. The poutine was ok. Hot dogs were pretty good because they give them to you in an easy- access paper container. Bottom line- I would definitely come back just for the orange drink.
4	Another Montreal institution and a concept lost in time. Whether you roll up or walk-in, it still gives off that feeling of a 50's drive-in. Classic rock blasting from every corner, park-in diners strewn across the lot, and a floating fluorescent sign flashing proudly in the corner. Make your way up to the counter and the first thing you notice is tubes leading up to god knows where. This is where the sweet orange glop is housed, presumably floating freely through the giant orange structure. Don't let that get to you though, you'll want this to wash everything down. Next, you're greeted by a clearly rushed, but never discourteous team. Don't bide your time though... people are waiting. After ordering, you make your way to the side and wait in anticipation, while you sip away on your julep. The food is pretty good for a cases croute. By no means unbelievable, but it has a certain taste to it that I have yet to see duplicated, and that's exactly why I keep coming back again and again.
4	Order the Poutine (awesome) & their signature Orange drink (good), ignore the rest of their menu, sit back & enjoy.A bit pricy, but one of the Best Poutine experiences you can have in MTL, the other being Foie Gras Poutine @ APC.
3	Today really seems to be a three star day. I just wanted a small caramel sundae. Asked for a "coupe glacee" and got a "cornet". Repeat myself 3 times until she understands what I want, ask for vanilla, and then she asks me if I want chocolate or vanilla topping. They don't even have vanilla topping, she just didn't know what caramel was or that thy even had that. C'mon guys. Even if she's new.  80% of your customers order the orange drink or ice cream. Get your sh** together.
4	I used to pass in front of Orange Julep wondering what was hidden beneath the notorious orange structure. I finally tried this Montreal landmark a couple of weeks ago. I ordered a hamburger-poutine trio served with their classic orange drink. I was expecting to become fond of their famous orange julep; however it was too sweet for my taste bites. Also, the hamburger was ordinary. Nothing special, just a regular hamburger. The poutine, on the other hand, was absolutely delicious. As I am fan of traditional poutines (no extra topics for me), I found their poutine exceptional. Just the right combination of good fries, delicious dark gravy sauce, and cheese kurds. If you are a poutine fan in search of another Montreal establishment offering an amazing version of this traditional dish, Orange Julep should be your next stop.
4	Came here with my wifey, we're newish to Montreal. My Mom lived here in the 70s and told me to go to this place, that she used to go there.It was cool. Awesome sunny day, ordered a couple of burgers, fries and orange juleps, and sat on the benches. Felt like we were in a 50s diner or something. Classics playing over the speakers. I loved it. Food was junkyish, but was a cool experience. I dig. :)
1	Terrible food. Long waits. Overpriced. Don't believe the other reviews! Avoid this dump and you'll save money and eat better.Fries were soggy and cold, totally falling apart when I tried to eat them with my hands and then turned into mush when I gave in and used a fork. The burger was completely lackluster - it was literally the worst burger I've had. Every fast-food place I can think of makes a better burger. The fake cheese completely enveloped the tiny burgers, the bun was paper-thin and flavourless, and their "all-dressed" toppings were practically non-existent. I was literally given a single three inch strip of onion, to put this into perspective. The orange drink was okay, not anything special, and definitely not worth the price they charge. I went at lunch so there was a bit of a line, but that doesn't explain why I  stood there waiting 10 minutes before ordering. They charged me $1 extra for the bacon on my burger, which is fine but follows an inconsistent logic: their cheeseburger comes with bacon, the double does not. When I got back to my office to eat it, I discovered they had forgotten to put the bacon on the burger at all. The whole meal cost $13.30, which is about double what it would cost for better quality frozen food from any of the other dozen fast-food burger places around.
4	How is it that I don't have a review for this place? Insane.The Orange Julep is a Montreal institution... a sight and wonder while driving up or down "Highway" 15. Who can miss this huge orange and not be interested to try it out at least once in their life? This place is well known for its fast food and sweet orange juice. Is it pricey? Absolutely! Is it still worth it? OH YEAH!!!! Why do you think this place has survived the test of time?How's the other comfort food? I like it well enough. Their combos are decently priced, I really like their Michigan hot dogs and their fries are somewhat unique and tasty. Their poutine is solid enough though if you're a tourist, try it elsewhere first.But ultimately folks come here for the orange juice. It's sweet, creamy, frothy? and most importantly... it makes you HAPPY.I've been coming to this drive-in since I've been a child. My mother used to work on the other side of the street at the Hotel and my dad and I would grab some drinks once in awhile because heck... why not? Solid memories folks.Occasionally, if you're lucky... you might visit this place on car show nights with folks driving their nice cars to the drive-in.They are open all year long.
4	A Montreal staple and my favorite poutine in the city. Sorry banquise.
5	Five stars for the mega orange alone. I'm a sucker for novelty restaurants, especially when they come in weird shapes and sizes. I spotted the enormous orange when I flew into MTL and I made it my mission to see it up close.We came at lunch time on a Saturday. No line. We got hot dogs and orange juleps. Both very tasty. After the meal we asked a waitress to take our picture. She took a bunch, including some at weird angles. Overall, a huge success.
5	BEST juleps of all time!! Seriously these are just wayyy too good. I'm giving 5 points based on the drink alone, I don't order the food. The juleppp just get the julep! do it.
1	I have no idea how people can rate this place as four star! the Orange juice they offer is made from cheap powder...the Poutine is terrible and you always have to wait a long time in a crowded and noisy place beside the highway!
1	Very strange. Perhaps it was an off night, but the burgers were barely edible. I guess this place is worth visiting for the kitsch value, or if you are a fan of the strange orange beverage (I'm not).
4	Fantastic orange julep and poutine (given the type of place). I liked the large orange structure and quirkiness of the whole thing. It was a little windy and cold as fall is well underway but we found the outside seating to be fine. Major downside is that the julep and poutine seems a bit overpriced. Expect to pay $5-8 for a medium/large julep drink.
5	The giant orange ball is impossible to miss and you can spot it from the top of Saint Joseph's Oratory. I only had one thing - the orange julep - and it was SO GOOD.  Any OJ fan must try this drink.  It's made of fresh orange juice, milk and some special delicious ingredient.  It was light and refreshing and a total must have!
3	Orange Julep is a Montreal staple, for good reason. What they serve is classic. Their hot dogs are just full of beefy, juicy flavour. Their signature orange drink..who could go wrong with that? It never disappoints! But the prices..ouff..the prices hurt. 10.99$ for 2 steamies, a fry and a drink? RIDICULOUS. It is so over priced. I hate going to a place KNOWING I'm being scammed. I don't enjoy myself.
