4	It's a healthy, simple and unique menu.  Food is fresh and prices are reasonable.
5	Without a doubt, the friendliest service around. The people who work here are young, professional and very socialble. Btw food is great too.
5	Great healthy and fresh food. I love the salmon kabobs with roasted veggies and humus.
5	I come here about once a week. The chicken kebobs are great, and the roll-ups (steak, chicken, or spinach) are terrific. Most items on the menu are lower-cal, so this is a great place for those who are counting calories.
4	Zoe's Kitchen, a chain based out of Alabama, now has three Charlotte area locations.  I often pass by the one in Blakeney and had been curious about it for some time.  I signed up for their email list and kind of forgot about.  They emailed me a coupon for BOGO free for my birthday which was good for a couple of weeks.  That was enough for me to try it without much risk.  I headed out there and picked up a couple of to go entrees.  The place comes across as a nicer version of Showmar's or maybe even a hybrid of Showmar's, Jason's Deli, and Panera.  They have a lot of different options (including vegetarian) but don't really stick to any one theme.  The menu isn't too extensive so it works.  I got the chicken dinner and it was okay.  The chicken was dry and lacked flavor.  However, the two sides, grill veggies and braised white beans, were very good.  If paying the $8.95 regular price, plus a drink though, I'd say it was overpriced.  My wife got shrimp ka-bobs and she liked it.  It look like it was a decent meal for $10.  Two ka-bobs, rice pilaf, greek salad, pita bread, zucchini, plus cucumber dressing made for what looked to be a great meal.  I will probably come in here again for a sandwich or "pick two" again since those are more reasonably priced for the food.  I have heard good things about their made on location hummus as well, so I will try that too.  It's definitely not a bad place to go when you want a change from Showmar's, Jason's, or Panera.
4	Second review for Zoe's....different location....same great food!  I can't get over just how good everything on the menu is at this place.  Sometimes with a chain you might have the same feel of the place but the food may be different depending on whose back in the kitchen.  Not Zoe's.  I continue to be amazed at the freshness of ingredients and the several healthy options they provide.  Service at all locations has always come with a smile and quick to the table.
5	I love Zoe's! The food is great and the service is very friendly. The protein plate never disappoints!
5	The food here is always awesome! We love the chicken kabobs and grilled vegetables. they are super delicious.
4	This is a kinda Greek place that serves a nice selection of somewhat healthy foods. I wished they had actually called the dishes their real Greeks names (ie: gyros, souvlaki) but they have to appeal to Southerners who aren't always up for weird words. (gyros = yeee roes).Anyways, we had the hummus and salad plate which was very good. The chicken roll ups were nice and warm with a definite Greek flavor, the shrimp kebabs were entirely too spicy, though. My 11 year old loves spicy so he ordered these knowing it would be a little hot. They were scorching hot. I wish they would've noticed that a kid was ordering this and said something. The "pick 2" that my 16 year old got was less successful. He opted for the cookie side dish -other choices were salad, fruit, dessert or hummus which is a nice selection - but his sandwich was TINY and the cookie didn't round out the meal much by making it full-size. Go for a bigger side dish unless you aren't that hungry! My one complaint was the pita. It's very good here, warm little triangular pieces served with the meal and with the hummus, but they don't give you enough! There was easily a half cup of hummus on my salad plate but only 4 triangles which was probably the size of a small pita or even half of a larger one. I asked for more when I went inside (we ate on the patio which was nice) and the girl there seemed baffled. They should be throwing this stuff around left and right because it is dirt cheap, calls out for hummus and a drink and really makes for a well-rounded looking meal. So, I said we had too much hummus left and needed more pita. She brought out...4 triangles. We actually laughed because these things are about the size of one Doritos chip. Oh, well. It was tasty, at least!The bill came to $35 for 2 meals,1 half sandwich and cookie and 1 hummus and salad plate. Not expensive but not cheap. Healthy and fresh and nicely different. Good for kids, too!
2	As a typical fast-casual restauarant, this is one of those places where you place your order at the counter, pay, and they bring the food out to your table when it's ready.  I was really hoping to be blown away because I had read several glowing reviews from fellow Yelpers.  Sadly, I was under-whelmed.I wasn't exceptionally hungry, so I decided to go with the soup and 1/2 sandwich.  I love tomato bisque, so when I saw this on the menu, it was a no-brainer.  Also, I recently aquired a taste for home-made pimento cheese... so I decided on that for my sandwich.  I ordered it grilled.  Lauren ordered the chicken with orzo soup and 1/2 pimento cheese also grilled. First strike was that they were pretty slow in getting  our order out to us. We noticed that several other patrons got their food much more quickly than we did, even though they came in after us.  And our orders were pretty basic - nothing fancy to prepare. Oh well, not a huge deal, but we thought it was a bit odd. So, when the food did arrive, I was disappointed to see the "bisque".... it  was bright orange and had an odd consistency - not smooth and creamy the way you expect a bisque to be.  It had some parm cheese and chopped up basil that did not make the soup taste better.  The basil must have been old because there was zero flavor to it.   :-(   Also, the overall flavor of the soup was flat and just a bit odd. To make it worse, the soup was not very warm.   The sandwich was disappointing too.  It was supposed to be grilled, but it was if they threw it on the grill for only seconds - just enough to make it look toasted on the outside, but not long enough to heat up the cheese on the inside.  Lauren fared better with her chicken orzo soup... but her "grilled' cheese was like mine... not really grilled at all. I really wanted to like this place... and it did look like there were better options on the menu, so I will probably give it another try.  Next time, I'll just avoid the icky "bisque" and "grilled" pimento cheese sandwich.
5	I had a hard time deciding what to order because everything looked so good.  I had a half of their homemade chicken salad sandwich with a side greek salad.  It was so good I can't wait to try their hummus, kabobs, numerous salads, piminto cheese, etc.etc.  And for those like me who don't cook, they have a great selection of to go orders (like kabobs to feed a group)!  I could actually pull off a dinner party with your help.  Great idea Zoe's!!!
4	I eat here at least once a week whenever I'm feeling guilty from binging on burgers and barbecue, and I always feel a little healthier after eating here. Everything I've had here is decent at worst and delicious at best. A few highlights are their spinach & chicken kebabs and grueben sandwich. Their pasta salad and braised beans are tasty sides, but their potato salad was a little bland. That being said it's the healthiest potato salad I've ever had, no mayo or eggs to be found. Their portions could be a little larger and their prices a little lower, but overall it's usually worth a trip to Zoe's.
4	My husband and I visit Zoe's a lot. The salmon kabobs are really good and I love the Greek salad that comes with it.  The hummus is pretty good as well. My husband really likes the Orzo "Tabbouleh" Salad. It's definitely popular with families and can be extremely busy during peak hours. The service is usually fast and friendly.
4	Good food, open bright environment. Clean!! Fairly priced. I would most def. go back.
5	Love this place!  Everything I have tried is excellent!  I love ordering online and doing takeout.  Great healthy yummy food!
5	I love Zoe's.  I always get the same thing.  But it is always delicious.  Zoe's is always clean and a pleasant place to eat for lunch.  If you're stopping by at peak lunch hours though, it might be best to call ahead - they have a separate line for pickups, and it's always much faster.  Chicken roll ups with mozzarella instead of feta and no tomatoes, please.
4	I went here today for lunch around 1:30. You go up and order at the counter and they give you a number. It was crowded with a long line but it moved fast. I ordered the chicken roll ups - its 2 flour tortillas filled with chicken, caramelized onions, feta cheese, and lettuce then rolled up and sliced in half so you get a total of 4 rollups. It also comes with a side- I got pasta salad. I also ordered a chocolate chip cookie which is literally the size of my hand with 2 kinds of chocolate and it was great. The food took about 5 minutes to come out and they bring it to you. Overall I really liked the food and will definitely go again - I felt like I got plenty of food - I even got a to go box to take some home.
5	I love Zoe's! But don't try to go here in the middle of lunch hour. By 12:30 all the tables inside and out are filled and there's a line out the door.But should you be one of those lucky ones who can go to lunch at 11:30 then it's a perfect place for lunch. The food is good, reasonably priced and fresh. There is low calorie fare as well as some items that have a little more than you would like but who cares it's your day off counting calories anyway.The Steak roll-ups and chicken roll-ups are my favorite but having just tried the kabobs I think that's about to change.One thing to remember is that if you have a smart phone, join the club, take a picture of every receipt you have from a meal there and they will e-mail you a coupon for something. Usually it's a soda or chips or a side salad, but the other day it was for 1 free entree . . . and that steak kabob was mine.
5	Was introduced to this place by a client and loved it immediately. Extremely fresh food and great selection. I had the chicken kabobs twice and can't get enough. Hummus was also fantastic! Highly recommend anyone try this place!
5	Love this place. The food is so good and healthy. The service is good. I highly suggest you try it.
4	Got the tossed Greek (no feta - I know, who gets a Greek salad with no feta?  ME.  I hate feta).  Great salad.  If I lived in the area, I'd be back often.
3	Just second time here salads and kabob is yammmuuu
4	I like the concept for Zoes Kitchen. Basically it's healthy Mediterranean and Greek cuisine...FAST. But I've got to agree with previous reviews, this place stays super busy. I visited on a Saturday afternoon (I know, I know...I should expect it to be busy) and this place practically had a line out the door when I walked in and still had one as I was leaving. So just prepare yourself... But you can always use that extra waiting time to review the menu. You will need it, because the menu is massive. Which in the case is a good thing because they offered tons of choices including pitas, sandwiches, kabobs, and salads.I decided to go with the Chicken Roll Ups with a Greek salad. After you order, they give you a number and bring out your food to your table. I appreciate that they keep the Greek dressing on the table. That way you can use as much (or little) as you like. I was surprised that even though they were busy, it didn't take long for my food to arrive:Chicken Rolls Ups: They come stuffed with chicken, caramelized onions, feta and a dipping sauce. I really enjoyed them. I added some of that yummy Greek Dressing and used the dipping sauce and they were delish either way. I just wish they included a little more feta cheese. But I'd definitely order them again.  Greek Salad: It comes with feta, olives, peppers, onions and tomatoes (none for me). They also throw in a side of pita bread. Classic flavors here folks. Really fresh and tasty, especially with their Greek dressing. Yum. I'm looking forward to trying more of the menu items. I hear the kabobs, pasta salad (without mayo) and humus are divine!
4	Great food, great service, can get VERY BUSY at lunch with limited seating, but you really can't go wrong here.  Definitely get the app on your phone and you can get free food with each visit.  Bonus:  the chocolate cake really tastes like my mother's homemade version.  It's to die for!
4	I've drove past Zoes kitchen a gazillion times, and have never noticed it. How? I have no idea.  Thank goodness for my sister's friends' recommendation to try this little place out! Zoes kitchen is a cute little restaurant where you order as soon as you walk in and they bring your food out to your seat - much like other places such as Noodles and Co. or McAlisters.  They have plenty of options to choose from.  I'm definitely not a Greek food junkie, as I usually run the other way when I hear 'GREEK FOOD', but I was very pleased with the taste and quality of my meal.  I had the Greek Chicken Pita with feta cheese left off and pasta salad as my side item.  The chicken was dry but from past experience, I just assume that Greek chicken is cooked that way.  The flavor was really light and tasty - perfect for brunch - but the portion was enough to make me extremely full.  The pita bread was on point. The pasta salad was delicious despite the fact that it had feta cheese all over it.  It almost made me regret keeping the feta off of my pita. All of this food for just 8$? I'd go back ANY day. My only quibble is that there wasn't a ton of seating inside.  It was noon on a Saturday, so it was pretty busy.  We got lucky and found a seat right away but it was dirty until the waitress came and wiped it down for us.  If you don't want to be an unlucky customer with no table to sit down at, definitely try to go at a different time! Otherwise, awesome food, awesome prices. Get the pasta salad. Don't leave off the feta cheese.
5	FRESH!!!!!!!!!!   Some good Mediterranean food on the go.  My favorite is the quinoa salad with chicken kabob...healthy and delicious.  The hummus appetizer is delicious as well, great to share before your meal comes out.
5	I love love love this place! It's like healthy fast food! Flavorful STEAK kabobs, not a fan of the chicken kabobs. My go to place for something fast and healthy when I'm too lazy to cook!
3	I must be missing something. Zoe's strikes me as just average fast fresh fare.  The food is okay and fairly priced.  The decor is not much different from the nearby McDonalds.  Good but nothing to rave about.
4	Zoey's food is good and reasonably priced.  Compared to the other nearby  sandwich shops  this place offers a nice touch.  It's very clean and the staff is friendly.  Can't say that  Zoey's is automatically on my radar but when I do go I immediately remember why.
