2	I have been going here for years. The drs and nurses are great but everytime you go back you owe money for a previous visit. My kids do not have insurance. I called today to get them in for a cough. The woman couldnt give me a price. She said it could be between 32 & 175 dollars each kids. She was cocky in her vagueness. I asked if she could narrow it down & she said no. This will be my last trip ever to mesa pediatrics after years of going there.
5	Mesa Pediatrics is my choice for my son's pediatrician.  Why?  Well, I checked them out initially because they take my insurance and they were close to my house. haha After visiting their office and meeting a couple of their doctors though, I decided I like them enough to stay.  Their doctors and staff are friendly.  They have appt times available when I need.  They don't make me wait too long in the lobby.  And they have a sick child/well child entrance for your kiddos with a play yard outside for the well ones.  I have had a variety of visits for my lil guy... routine check-ups, vaccinations, a tongue-tied clipping and a circumcision... so I have a good impression on their abilities.  The only lil annoyance is that sometimes their phone lines get tied up.  About half the time they answer right away but sometimes I have to listen to a buncha automated stuff.   Small price to pay for an office that I feel comfortable with though.  My main doctor is Delphis Richardson MD and I have also seen and like Darcy Winterland MD.  Richardson has a great 'keep smiling' attitude and Winterland was very nice and knowledgeable, as well.  See ya there! :)
5	After moving to CA and reflecting back on this pediatrics office, I have a new appreciation for Dr Richardson and the way this office runs.  You don't have to wait a month for an appt and the doctor is thorough in explaining your growth charts and questions to you.  My new pediatrician is nice enough but, I didn't even GET growth charts from him! lolThank-you, Dr Richardson... I'm still smiling!
4	Great doctors and scheduling is easy.
2	I don't get this place.  They have multiple buildings and multiple doctors in each building but it is damn near impossible to get an appointment unless you call them 7:30am SHARP!  My 6 month old daughter was sick quite often in the first few months of her life and we had to bring her in quite often.  I had better chances of getting tickets to a sold out concert than an appointment at this practice. When you do get an appointment, doctors constantly contradict each other and put each others diagnosis down often.  I have heard the words, "Don't listen to that doctor, I know what I am talking about."  As a parent of two small children, that is not all to reassuring.  Honestly, I prefer the staff at Conerstone Urgent Care a lot better that this staff.  So you might ask, why do we still go?  The reason, we've had doctors in the valley ten times worse than these people.  They are organized,  they are clean and I like how all their computers are networked through all their offices.  This place is a lessor of other evils.... I personally think they see waaaay too many patients to have a relationship with the family.  When we go, I feel like a number and a price tag to them.
1	This has gone to the point of absurd.  We have been told we owe a balance of $307 for no insurance.  We have insurance, we have always had insurance.  In the past when our baby has been sick, they have refused to see us because of this past due bill.  My wife has spoken to the billing manager twice who has told us she will run it through our insurance.  My wife has called our insurance company multiple times and has been told that they have NEVER attempted to run this bill through our insurance.  My wife has talked to her human resources department at her work and they have verified that our daughter is on our insurance and always has been.The bottom line, our end is taken care of.  There is proof that Mesa Pediatrics has made zero attempt to run this through our insurance though everyone in the billing department says they'll "do it".  The lack of effort from their billing department has just made every experience with trying to see a Doctor a difficult one.  I am sure if we had a 0 balance in their system we would be treated differently but the front desk people who have access to letting us see doctors do not care what our excuses are, they will not make an appointment for our sick kids because their system shows a balance.  Even when we tell them this is an issue with their billing department, they don't care.  They have been trained to not make appointments for people with past due accounts.The only person who can take care of this is the billing manager who twice now has said they'll take care of this and has not.  This is all according to our health care.  It really sucks to have a kid who's sick a lot and cannot see her doctor.  It's come to the point that urgent care has become her primary place.
5	When we moved to Colorado over a year ago, I assumed that finding a comparable pediatrician for our son wouldn't be a problem. After all, aren't all children's doctors supposed to be warm and caring and full of puppies and rainbows?? We're now looking at visiting our 2nd pediatrician's office for our son (and we went through 3 peds at that office). It's not that these doctors are bad or harmful, they're just stand-offish, the receptionists abrupt, and I always leave not completely happy, even though both of my boys are happy and healthy.I'm hoping that we've found the pediatrician that will give me the same feeling of wonderfulness that I got from Dr. McCleland at Mesa Peds. She was always willing to listen to any and all questions I had and gave this new mama plenty of assurances that I was doing it right. The techs were always awesome and fast with the vaccines; I loved getting the growth charts every time, even though I can chart their growth online at home. Bonus: I never had to wait long for our appointments; I think there was one time that I was in the waiting area longer than 5 minutes. Plus, I was always able to schedule the next well-baby appointment right then. For some reason, the office we started at in CO was unable to schedule appointments more than a month out, and only just moved to a computer system last year (hello, you're about a decade behind). Thankfully, this new one doesn't seem to have that problem. Side note: We also loved Dr. Piacentine, even though the only time we interacted with him was in the hospital. He was not accepting new patients at the time, since he was the on-call ped for the hospital.
5	Our daughter has been going here since she was born. We were recommended to see Dr. Richardson from the lactation consultant at Banner Desert and we have been very happy with him and the office staff since. He always takes his time to explain things thoroughly when we have concerns or questions and his good cheer is infectious.
5	I started bringing my daughter here a couple months ago (Tempe location).  The doctors and staff are super friendly and professional.  The office is clean and I like that there are separate waiting rooms for sick and healthy children (I am picky when it comes to what is considered clean!) I plan on coming here for a long time and I highly recommend this office. On another note, I believe people don't understand their insurance well enough to know when something will not be covered and it's not fair to blame the staff  :( Just throwing that out there...
5	We moved here from California and began searching for a pediatric office that would respect of views on raising our children. We asked several friends and this place kept coming up. We made an appointment and headed in. We saw Dr. McClend (I may have spelled that wrong). First the office was incredibly quick to get us in for a well check. Secondly the staff was super friendly. The nurse who too us back was very thorough, very nice. When we got to see the dr she was equally as friendly. She respected our views and never made us feel bad or lecture us about our choices. She addressed our concerns and spoke about a few she had. Our some was a premie, he only gained 8oz in a month so she insisted on formula supplements after nursing. She then have us a formula sample and coupons! Overall we were impressed! We will be bringing our other children to this office as well. The only thing we we're unsure of  is they have a sick and well entrance but they're just across from each other separated by a half wall and fish tank. But it's not a huge deal.
