1	My team went there for lunch.  Nice atmosphere but was not a great eating experience.  Two members had veggie burgers.  Consensus was that they tasted like a standard frozen patty from a grocery store.  The rest of us had burgers.  The burgers were small.  I opted to have a milkshake as my drink.  The flavor and presentation was underwhelming.   The food was overpriced for the value;  There are plenty of great alternatives within walking distance.  Adding insult to injury, a member of the wait staff, while handling an order in the serving area,  'adjusted' the seat of his pants.  Considering the clientele that live and work Uptown, the offering is meager.So many issues for a grand opening.  They may improve, but we're done for now.
2	I've been here a couple of times, and never been overwhelmed.  They tried to shoo me away from my table the first time, though the place was half empty, with staff hovering and begging to take plates away.  It was as if the staff was bored and wanted something to do, so they started driving customers away.I like that you can add a variety of things to your burger, most of which are "free" but spending $10 on a burger and fries is too much, even for Uptown prices.The veggie burger as a previous review wrote, is lacking and is definitely a frozen patty.  Sweet potato fries are good, mac and cheese is mediocre.  The side salad was large and nice, even if it was icky iceberg lettuce.The milkshakes are good, but again, ehh.... The "Blazin Hot" wings are just that... and I like spicy food.... these were TOO hot though.
2	I tried.. I really did. I went to this place a couple of times. I've told you in quick review about the lines. I can manage around those hours. No problem. But what you're getting for the money. It's just not worth it. If you work in the original Energy Center, the burger from Eurist is a million times better - and so are Eurist's fries. The taste of the meat was clean. I'll give them that. I just felt like I was robbed of over $10 for a burger and a fry. Maybe more if I had opted for the drink. Good lord. It's not that good! The people are always nice - and you can call ahead. This is one of those reviews where I put it to my readers to try it for yourself. Maybe I've lost my mind on this one - I seriously don't think so. I have had gourmet burgers before and spent an arm and a leg.. But I was getting Kobe beef for that or an amazing food experience. I would probably suggest heading up to Valhala for a Norse Burger before I sent you here if you don't know where else to go if you're on foot. If you have your car and an hour + for lunch break, drive to the Burger Co very close by on Morehead (giggity) or Pinky's. You'll be so much more thrilled.
2	I called my order in for pick up for lunch around 11:20am.Cheeseburger, Fries, Drink $7.04. I work across the street so I figured I would wait about 10 mins before walking down. When I got there I kinda just stood there. No one to meet or greet customers. (MIND YOU.. this is my 1st time here). After standing around for abt 2 mins or so. I cought the eye of someone and just kinda started talking loudly. HELLO... I'M HERE TO FOR A PICK UP ORDER. I paid and left.. Walking past a sign showing the Lunch Special (Burger, fries, drink)... Well, I'm a little empty handed. WHERE IS MY DRINK. The young lady that "assisted" me at the counter didn't give me one.So I turn around, walk back in and ask her "do i get a drink with this.." (as if i don't know already). OH YEAH... here you go.!!!WTH!!!! I'm not the smartest, but when you order (or at least i thought) a combo wouldn't you expect to recieve everthing that came along with the combo. Don't you expect ordering a #2 Combo from McDonalds that you would get the fries. or the burger. or the drink.. and not have to go back as if you didn't say the secret "word" to rcv your whole purchase. I know I know I know i'm venting... VENTING... the reason for a 2 star. And i havn't even commented on the food. The food is ok, Too Little for So MUch $$.My food was cold.. Not sure if i waited too long to pick it up or if it was cold from the begining. See my pic to see how small the burger is. smh!!
3	The food, eh it's just okay. The service, random, depending on your waiter/tress. Either way, it's nice to have a new dining option in the sector. While I do work right upstairs, 14th floor, cube 14012 (j/k), this isn't my first lunch restaurant of choice. Still, worth a try and with a $5 lunch menu, can't really go wrong. Oh and BTW, if you're looking for a hot wing, this might be just the place you're looking for. Wings so hot it took me 10 minutes to eat just one. Not to mention I swear I almost passed out.
2	This place is clean, has friendly service, decent decor, a menu that looks inviting (Fresh-made burgers with lots of fixing's? Big yay!) and then your food arrives :(The burger is ok with decent sized patties on the double cheeseburger and it seemed to be priced reasonably.  The problem is that those patties were dry and really pretty bland tasting.  I like the option of half and half O rings and fries as a side choice but the fries are that pseudo-batter dipped kind - think BK fries before the recent change - and the onion rings were clearly frozen out of a bulk package and saved only by a pretty good mustardy dipping sauce.It's a chain burger place that seems like a chain burger place but doesn't measure up to a good one like 5 Guys.
2	The best thing the place has going for it is cheap beer.  Don't get me wrong... that's enough to put it on the radar for happy hours across the Queen city, but that's about as far as it goes.They brew their own lager, which basically tastes like stale miller lite.  It's a $2 pint though, so that's pretty tough to pass up on.I wouldn't go out of my way for the food.  Typical bar fare, wings, burgers, chicken finger things, fried whatever... not at all a culinary masterpiece.Four words to summarize this place - Cheap Beer, Dive Bar
4	I've taken two visits here now, once with a friend and once with my girlfriend. Both experiences have been good. I'm a very simple person and get an 'average burger', lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and onions. The meat they surve is a li
2	Meh is right. Nothing special and lunch service is slow. There are many better options in the area. Oh and what's with the frying oil smell? Ventilation please!
3	My burger, while not being bad taste wise, was just simply too little food for $7 with no sides. I know the bacon and guac costs extra but this thing is tiny. Not white castle slider tiny but probably shouldn't cost more than what you would be comfortable buying two for. If it was $3 at the cheeseburger level that'd be about right. Unfortunately it isn't so I won't be back.
4	Love this place for a quick lunch uptown.  Have yet to make it there for dinner but that is on my to-do list.  Staff is so friendly and go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need.  Entire restaurant is super-clean.  Love the variety of burgers - not your normal everyday blah burger.  Fries are killer and should come with a disclaimer that they are habit forming.  Can't wait for the SouthPark location to open so I can frequent it on the weekends.
2	I always get excited to try new places that pop up.  The menu looked great (although a bit pricey for what it is), but what really drew me here was the lure of sweet potato fries.  I'm a sucker for them.  So we hopped on the lunch train and headed here.  Luckily, we were the first people there for lunch, so the wait was not an issue.  From there, annoying things kept popping up.Annoying thing #1:  You have to tell them that you want the regular burger stuff when you order your burger (onions, lettuce, tomato, etc.).  I'm just so used to that being standard that when my burger arrived without its usual accoutrements, it threw me for a loop.Annoying thing #2: $12 for a burger, drink, and S.P. fries?  Seems steep.Annoying thing #3: I asked for a burger sans bun.  They put the burger on the little paper square thing, which would be fine if you aren't eating with a fork.  But you are if you don't have a bun, and then halfway through your burger, you realize you've been eating tiny bits of paper.  Uncool.I might give it another shot and maybe try the wings, but for burgers and s.p. fries, I'll stick with College Place.
4	Groupon is what brought me into the restaurant. I figured parking would be an issue but it actually wasn't that difficult this could also be that it was 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The groupon allowed me to purchase 24 dollars worth of food. In my order there were two burgers a order of nachos a half order of wings and two drinks.  It seems the biggest complaint for many is the price of the burger without sides. In all fairness there are lunch specials where you can get a whole combo for 7.00 The burger had a good taste although like another reviewer we didn't realize you have to specifically request typical items that come standard on most burgers. Even without these items the burger was a good size and taste. We especially enjoyed the nachos that were made with kettle chips instead of regular tortilla chips. It allowed the chips to remain crunchy instead of becoming soggy. The wings we ordered were the chipotle flavor and pretty spicy with almost too much vinegar but overall they were not bad. I will likely visit again during the lunch time just because 7 dollars is pretty steep by itself without that lunch special. The restaurant was clean and service was great.
4	Delicious burger and great fries...the wait was a little long...but worth it.
4	Okay, so the thing is, you have to eat at this place with the right mindset. I see a lot of people hating on American Roadside and judging it as if they've been personally insulted. It's the equivalent of a diner, so you're not going to get your burger medium rare and don't expect it to taste like a filet. It's also not a quick service restaurant, so don't expect fast food speed. It's fast casual and I think it does a good job.For ~$6 - $7, you can make your burger the greatest burger on this planet. They've brought the customization right to the customer... isnt' that what we all want? You can choose from a myriad of toppings and sauces so I don't see what the fuss is about. OMG you have to CHOOSE??? all that work? yes, deal with it.Milshakes.. .simply amazing. Oreo for me. Probably the most "unreasonably" priced thing on their menu (like $4), but also quite possibly the most delicious. They make each shake by hand and it's a good portion for normal-sized people. It's not too thick (eating with a spoon), nor does it feel liquidy or watered down. Classic.If you're not interested in burgers, they also have chicken burgers (Fried or grilled), chicken tenders, hot dogs, wings, and best of alll...TATER TOTS. Seriously a delicious lunch if you're looking for food that makes you feel good.Healthy? no, it isn't. So you might as well go all out if you come here. Don't be someone who asks:"hmm could i have a double bacon cheeseburger..oh but only one slice of cheese... tryna watch my figure!"Seriously, enjoy your time here and binge. Have a beer. That's what this place is here for. It may be a prime example of why America is overweight, but as they say... "everything in moderation"4/5
4	I had a Groupon that was ready to expire and gathered up some coworkers to head on down and try American Roadside. Most of our group wasn't even aware of it's existence prior to lunch, but I had been meaning to give it a try for a while. When we got there, I was convinced to give the Roadstar (a quadruple-cheeseburger) a try. I'm not a huge burger toppings person, but I do like a bit of heat and added some chipotle sauce and roasted jalapenos. The burger came with a drink which was nice, and I also grabbed an order of tots and added an order of Cinnabolts (little cinnamon doughnut type things) since I still had a $1 to spend for my Groupon.I thought my burger was tasty. It wasn't the best burger in town but was about the same quality as a burger from Five Guys. The tots were good and crispy but nothing special (not as good as Bad Daddy's). The one thing our group did notice was that the jalapenos on the burgers actually had some heat, which is pretty rare for a burger topping and we were all impressed. Speaking of heat, another member of our party ordered the hot wings and after dismissing the girl at the counter who said they were "really hot", discovered that she wasn't kidding. He managed to eat them all but by the end he was hurting. He said they were the real deal, and next time he would likely split the order and get 5 hot and 5 BBQ.To sum it up, A.R. is a decent alternative to 5 Guys for a quick relatively cheap burger with the added bonus of have options for the non-burger eaters in your group. Also their house beer was pretty decent for a $2 brew. Everyone in our group agreed that they would give it another shot despite the long walk for us.
4	While waiting for a concert to start at the Bank of America Stadium we decided to look for food. American Roadside was the first place we came to. With a special event in the area there was a doorman checking ID's. He was friendly and very helpful about events and drinking. When we got inside the line was short and quick. We ordered quickly and were able to sit down. Food and drinks are good and cheap. They have great drink specials all week. My friend and I decided to try the American Roadside draft. It was exactly the type of beer I like, quite tasty, and only $1.50!  Great deal!  I ordered a hamburger and tater tots and my food came pretty fast. I wasn't too impressed with the burger because it was a little overcooked which is why I'm only giving it four stars.  The tater tots were good and I was able to sample the fries and onion rings since they somehow made their way into my tots. If I make it back I would definitely get the onion rings.  My friend got boneless wings and they were delicious. The sauce was quite warm and left your mouth burning. Everything was a decent price and good. The restaurant itself was earth friendly. They used a lot of recycled materials to make the tables and chairs as well as the floors and other things in the restaurant.  It has the diner/burger joint feel only maybe a step up.
4	Had a wonderful experience. Went wuth my wife .  We both loved the atmosphere, the cleanliness and the service.  I got the Route 66 and onion rings.  By far one of the best tasting burgers I had in awhile.  My wife had a cheeseburger with a ton of toppings and she really loved it.  Great experience and prices.  We will definitely be going back.
2	A few of us went over from the office to check out this joint.  First off...very clean and inviting environment.  From the looks of the pictures on the wall, I was expecting a GREAT burger.  That is about where the experience ended.  Cashier greeted us and was friendly.  No real comments on wonderful customer service.  Make sure when ordering a burger or sandwich, you mention your toppings.  A co-worker of mine received a piece of chicken and a bun.  He was never informed that he needed to add toppings.  Salad looked better than all of the sandwiches.  Everyone in the group was missing something to complete their order.  My fries were cold and were returned for a new batch.  For me, if you cant do fries right...its probably going to be downhill from there.  Burgers and chicken were overcooked and under seasoned.  Buns were average and a bit dry.  With all of the options for burgers in the area, will probably not return.
2	So, I've giving 2 stars, because I'd give 1 start for the wait / level of staff courteousness, and 3 stars for the food.I went to the uptown location with a co-worker, to order some food to go. Because you know, we didn't have the time to stay for half an hour; we had to get back to work. We got there at 12:15, and waited in line for 5 minutes (not bad, it was lunch time uptown; you expect a line). The cashier was so unfriendly, that I felt like I was just bugging her by asking a question (which was about the burger in the kid's meal - to which she only answered that she could not sell me a kid's meal without a child by my side. Too bad; because I wanted a smaller amount of food; smaller fries, and a very small milkshake.) I ordered my food (regular sized), as did my co-worker, at 12:20, and we went over to wait in the holding area, which was full of other people waiting for their food. And we waited, and waited. Every single person in the area was outwardly irritated (we were all in the same boat; had to get back to work!). I heard more than one person lament that their boss would be looking for them, having been told they were just running out to pick up something to go. I watched after 5 minutes as someone made my (regular sized $3.95) milkshake. I knew it was mine, because it was banana and chocolate, and I could see her mix it. Then she set it on the hot counter to wait for my burger to be ready. Well, my burger wasn't ready for another 20 minutes, and then I still had to wait for my co-worker's food (she'd ordered, according to our receipts, less than a minute a part). By the time our food was handed to (more like thrown at) us, my milkshake was totally melted. I mean, liquid. It sloshed when I walked back to my office. (My co-worker's food came almost a full 10 minutes after mine did). Never once did the manager, or any other employee come and apologize for the long wait. And, by that time, I did not have time to ask for another milkshake, as I'd already been gone a while.The food actually was okay. The hamburger was pretty good (but like the other reviews mentioned, you have to order every topping, even the basics, or you'll get it totally plain, and the staff does NOT tell you this). The fries were okay. And the milkshake; well that might have been good when in its original state.Being an uptown lunch establishment, you have to be prepared for a lunch crowd (that being said, I would not even say they were THAT busy - the largest crowd was the growing one waiting on to go food. Not every table was even taken). Business eaters often have less time than a casual diner, especially if they are ordering to go. If you can't handle these crowds in a timely manner, then you should move out of uptown, and stick to Southpark, because there are plenty of other places here that CAN handle it.
3	Having never been here I actually had been wanting to give it a shot for some time now.  It's a small place probably only seating a maximum of 50-60 patrons at a time inside but also has some outdoor seating which I would probably prefer but it was way too hot at the time I was there to really enjoy it.The food was pretty good.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with tater tots.  Everything was delivered to the table hot and fresh and the servings were ample, not overly large just ample.  That's good for me because I tend to be one of those people that will eat it if you put it in front of me no matter the portion!The inside is decorated with a roadside grill feel as you would imagine.  Rustic barn wood, corregated metal siding and old signs.  I would categorize this place as a great lunch stop if you are in the area or need a quick bite while uptown.
3	American Roadside is an alright place for a burger.I've been to this location once, and though it was okay. It's tucked way back in Uptown and I went I almost didn't even try going in - the place look deserted. I ordered a double cheeseburger, the way I like it - lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion....etc..etc.. and got the onion rings and a drink. My overall meal was about $11. I liked it, but I didn't love it. It's nice to have options, but I felt it was a little to greasy and carelessly made.My Meal:DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER  $5.75ONION RINGS with A.R.B. Sauce  $2.95Fountain Drinks  $1.95
2	I ventured out during the workday and met a work contact here for lunch.  I'd never been, so I had no expectations.  The place is fairly small inside with an outside area that looks inviting; you order at the counter, grab a number and wait for the staff to bring your food. I was trying to be a little healthy, so I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich ($5.35) with sweet potato fries ($2.95).  I ordered the chicken with only honey mustard, and somehow it still tasted bland... and oddly enough, it tasted like lettuce even though there wasn't any on there.  The fries were... eh.  They were a lukewarm and not terribly flavorful.Service was decent.  The place is sort of like a fancy fast food joint, so I didn't expect much.  They do clear your table, so that was helpful.  The price is good for lunch, but you really do get what you pay for.  I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
2	I went here with my husband and 14 month old son on a Saturday afternoon. There were 3 other tables occupied when we walked in. We ordered our food, sat down, and waited 45 minutes for two hamburgers and some chicken tenders. It wasn't even busy! 45 minutes!! The worst part about it is that I saw my son's chicken tenders sitting under the heat lamp for 35 minutes. My husband went to talk to the manager about the long wait and we got our meal for free. Now, I like free things, but this hamburger was so dry and flavorless. Not worth the hassle.
1	Where do I begin! Let's start with the ordering process. I did arrive after the lunch crowd (around 1:30), but the young lady who was taking orders was hard to find. The staff that was eating at the bar (on break) had to continue to call her name so she would go to the register.  Once she got to the register, she had a smile, but was extremely rude.  I simply ordered a grilled cheese and tater tots... the grilled cheese came with small burnt pieces on the bread which smelled like hamburger (I'm guessing they don't clean the grill often) and the tater tots looked more like hash browns. There seemed to be at least 5-6 people in the kitchen, but it looked like one one guy was working, the rest were talking, eating (yes eating around the food they were cooking) and laughing. I surely hope the manager was not on duty that day. I will never go back here again. Very sad display and very sad given they have a golden location to do a ton of business! Too bad they won't have mine again!
2	Unremarkable stadium food in a restaurant.  If you want a good burger or dog walk to Five Guys in the Epicentre about 5 mins away.  Tater tots are good here, but they, like most of the food here, are just reheated frozen U.S. Foods product.
2	Tried out burgers for a couple of times and was thoroughly disappointed by the quality. What was more appalling was the way fries were made. They werent cooked properly, stayed too clumsy and tasted awful. This is a place, I might probably abstain from visiting again unless I run out of options in Charlotte Area!
4	Fun atmosphere with ESPN running on the TVs. Burger, fries, and milkshakes like expected. Tastes great all around. Got four stars because the staff was nice and the food came fast!
1	Not bad but not very good. Burgers are tough and flavorless. Coleslaw lacking dressing so it was also bland and dry. The Only thing good coming from the kitchen was a milkshake & frys. Customer service was ok to say the least. Dining room help was much friendlier than the cashiers.
2	Imagine taking a stack of sliced salami, maybe 15 slices thick and taking a nice bite out of it. That is the equivalent of eating a burger from this Kmart brand nostalgia restaurant. The fake old-timey roadhouse decor is a reflection of the fake food: looks nice on the outside, but tastes like rubber. Their burgers are too salty, like compacted hockey pucks -they taste more like a slice of bologna, than supple, crispy seared beef.
2	Found myself here with some friends to watch the USA World Cup game against Belgium.  Seems like this place is only open for lunch uptown but since this was a special occasion, they were capitalizing on the crowds to support the US of A.We managed to get the last table available... it was not ideal, but it was out of the heat and humidity of outside and there was a small tv we can make out the game on.  After settling in, went up to order a beer and later some snacks but the staff didn't seem ready for a full house and some of them were confused at times.  Made you wonder if you were going to get the correct beer or even your food (they give you table numbers to place on a stand).  Ordered some onion rings... nothing special here...  The only decent thing about our experience was that the staff kept our table clean and cleared off any empty glasses and asked if we needed refills.
2	The location and atmosphere are great, the fries weren't bad either, but the burger meat just tasted awful, and felt rubbery and chewy. I hated the meat, along with the two other people I was with.
1	My first reaction was menu and thought this is probably what a Five Guys look like if they decided to expand their limited menu and add alcohol.  The location is has nice decor inside but an odd glass wall in front of the entrances.  When you give the order and pay, you just grab a seat and wait with the number up; the staff was generally very nice and quickly fetched things I forgot, like a straw.I ordered a Carolina style Burger (this is similar to the Roadside Rally, except I built my own with Mustard, Onions, Slaw, and Chili) with tater tots and a chocolate milk shake; I also got water, which they give you a small clear plastic cup.  The wait time is average.  The meal arrives and its a tad underwhelming; the burger looks cute in its burger diaper and I had exactly two dozen tater tots... I kind of expected more from what I paid for; so its surprisingly more expensive than Five Guys.  One pet peeve , after I order a burger, the lady asked if I want cheese with that.  Cheese didn't slip my mind, I didn't want cheese, thus I didn't mention it.  I know they are trying to up-sale here, but it annoys me.Taste wise, the tater tots were so-so, despite being slightly over cooked and a tad salty.  The chocolate milk shake was good, but I have gotten more from other Burger places (i.e. Burger 21 and Bad Daddy's).  Sadly, the burger was a major disappointment, considering it is a burger restaurant.  The burger was tough and salty, the bun was equally tough.  The condiments that came with it had nearly no flavor whatsoever; only making my burger diaper bulge the other end after a couple of bites.  I sadly could not finish the burger, it simply was not good.Overall, I give this one star because this is a major fail for a burger restaurant serving an overpriced sub-par burger... their is no excuse.  Their are better burger places nearby; American Roadside should be avoided.
5	After the management it has just transformed.Amazing restaurant.. I love their turkey burger is amazing.Jeff, their manager awesome guy.Go to Brandi every time for amazing service.They have good selection of beers too. Must visit place.
5	Amazing place to hangout.Great prices for beers. Must visit place.After the management change this place has transformed drastically to greatness.Their manager Jeff has done a great job and is always on site for help. The service is great and fast.Over all great food, great beer great place.
2	The location is convenient and the atmosphere is great. The service got to be annoying. I was here with a client for lunch and we were clearly in an important meeting. I had a notebook out writing in it, so it was pretty obvious. We were interrupted literally 10 times asking if we wanted refills, if they could take my plate, later his plate, if we wanted more refills, even more refills... all within 45 minutes. It honestly wouldn't have bothered me if it has been even 3-4 times, but it just got to be absurd. The buffalo chicken sandwich was good. However, my peanut butter cup milkshake was terrible. Let me preface this by saying I am a lover of all things ice cream. However, oddly enough this milkshake didn't even taste like ice cream. It tasted like an odd spin of heavy whipping cream with an odd after taste. The peanut butter cups were not chopped up. There was one huge pb cup stuck in the bottom. I didn't even finish a quarter of it. I don't imagine being back here again. The prices were extremely high for the quality.
