3	This Starbucks is tucked into the shopping center at Piper Glen. The indoor seating seems a little cramped, but there is a lot of outdoor seating which I like to take advantage of when the weather is  nice.  Parking can be a challenge at this shopping center thanks to the popularity of the Greenway and Trader Joes.
3	Not a huge fan of the coffee, that's a blanket for all of Starbucks, but no offense intended. This location is great for some of the other non-coffee options and hanging out on the great patio. Watch the sunset or take a breather from walking on the greenway. This location used to have a cooler of water on the inside for the thirsty walkers and runners, but no longer. A bit of a letdown. You can just ask for a cup of water at the counter, though. Staff is nice and quick to help. pretty standard for the Starbucks brand. This location can get busy at all hours of the day so make sure to stake your claim on a comfy seat when you can. Wall sockets are few and far between here, too. Make sure you've got a good charge on your device beforehand!
4	My preferred place to study for school or exams - tables are good size (one in particular can fit two people, but I like to grab it for myself since my books and papers need to be spread across a larger table).  Outdoor seating is nice and overlooks the start of the greenway.Small, but intimate seating - I've seen book clubs meet here, lots of grade school aged students with tutors, professionals with laptops, or the casual coffee junkie.
4	What sends this local business aficionada back to a monster coffee chain again and again, you ask? Simple: location, friendly staff and consistent menu options.I'm a fan of small, local business...the lone ranger against the corporate giants, but occasionally, I need to be able to walk to a coffee shop to meet with a friend or coworker, and this spot does the trick. No other coffee places are within a comfortable walking distance from where I live, and its proximity to the greenway is also a plus. Grab a coffee, take a stroll.Something to note: I think the new(er) manager is making some good strides in giving the staff something to be proud of. I'd still like to see more customer interaction and less internal banter. Sometimes it's frustrating when they just keep talking to each other and griping about this or that.I must admit, though, you can always count on them to have the same things across the board. I appreciate their sampling of new products for you to try and many are quite tempting options!My favorite aspect of customer service to observe has been the free water situation. Years back, they had a big cooler and small cups available for a self-service water station for all the thirsty greenway walkers who didn't have enough sense to bring a water bottle or use a water fountain. Then it disappeared for a while and they gave out cups of ice water to people who waited in line to ask for it. Finally, they've settled on a slender water bottle and small cups in a secondary location that makes water accessible for all, but in a classier way. It's fantastic.I love the outdoor seating area, and have spent many hours out there. I'm also a fan of a few of the seasonal drinks offered (who isn't?). I really appreciate the organic packaged convenience foods by the register, too. Sometimes, despite its deliciousness, you just can't justify ordering a giant muffin or slice of cake!
4	We will drive out of our way to go here, rather than the Stonecrest Starbucks, which is 2 minutes from our home. The staff are delightful, get our drinks correct, and the vibe is always friendly ....
4	I am not a huge Starbucks fan BUT I do enjoy their iced coffee. They use their medium blend which is smooth and doesn't have the burnt taste like so many of their coffees have. Feel free to request a flavor to be added as well. The Hazelnut is pretty darn yummy. I like this location too. It's great for people watching and it seems to be a must visit for all of us coming off of the greenway, so be warned this place can get crowded quickly.
5	Getting a rewards card  and a pit stop on the Greenway!  This is my favorite Starbucks location in my area.  Very cool and intimate vibe inside and great location.  I have started making this my pit stop before making the return leg of my round trip walk on the Greenway.  Staff is super nice and stays on top of this busy store.  Love the greeting regulars get here. Starbucks was genius in making sure they got this location when Piper Glen Shopping Center was remodeled.   Tons of Greenway business and right across the street from Piper Glen!
