5	Located in Kierlan shopping center this is one of the better Anthropologie stores I have been to.  Everything is located on one floor and they always have a large inventory of sale items.  Lots of dressing rooms and the staff is very attentive.  If you don't know Anthropologie its a chain store that is similar to Urban Outfitters but more upscale.
5	Anthropologie is a more feminine boutique style version of Urban Outfitters. They are owned by the same company. This Anthropolgie is open and very easy to navigate. I usually just shop the sales here, but I make a point of going in every time I'm in Kierland because it's really fun to look at all the random chic things they have. They have beautiful designer clothes, housewares, cooking supplies, books, trinkets, stationary, furniture and much more.Also a great place to find something cute and unusual for decorating or cooking with.
4	Oh, Anthropologie, how I love thee!  And, oh how I love thee sales even more. I must say, this particular Anthropologie has been my lucky store, as I've been able to find on numerous occasion fabulous deals on clothes.  Just recently, I bought a cute summer dress and skirt for about half-off their original price.  Their houseware and gift items are adorable too and definitely a great way to go for a fantastically unique gift for a girlfriend, sister, mother, etc. My only complaint, and the only reason I give the store four stars, is the clothes are a little pricey.  They are definitely cute and unique, but most of them are made from cotton, which begs the questions... when did cotton t-shirts start costing $55?
4	I only shop the sales because I can't convince myself to spend that much on clothes and bc their sales are amazing so there isn't even a need to pay full price. each item of clothing is unique and can pretty much be dressed up for a chic work outfit or dressed down for weekend wear. I think they have the cutest dresses, too.and pantsand topsand ok everything is cute.the kids clothes are adorable too.not a fan of the home items bc it's a little too, i cant find the word, but not my thang. kitchy maybe?
5	Cutest store ever! I could live in here, I'm obsessed with there style. I just wish I was rich so I could shop there more!
4	Handsdown, Anthro is my favorite store ...  every major city I'm in, I map out Anthro to see what is in their sales racks.... Boston, Chicago, SF, Austin..etc etc.  This is the closet of a roommate I've never had, she is so decadent cool w/out flaunting it.Always adored the sales rack, but most recently the finds have been for home area... knobs, pulls, face plates for light switches as we refurbish a new home...
4	Okay so Anthropologie is the store that every girl wishes her style reflected: wimsy, feminine and with a touch of class. Walking into the store you have the overwhelming feeling of high class vintage. But when you go check out the prices you realize that they aware definitely not vintage prices. I mean, yes, I have spent a lot of money at the store paying full price on their gorgeous items. The clothing is always so versatile and so fun for any age! And yes, I always get a ton of compliments with whatever I wear that is anthro, but CHECK THE SALE RACK! I repeat CHECK THE SALE RACK! Whenever I walk into the store, I rush straight to the back corner of my store and instantly spot five or six items I was wishing for 2 months ago.  (also, if you are in different areas of the country, they have much different sale items which is always a treat!)  It becomes a game between my mom and I betting if the dress or top will ever go on sale, a most of the time it does! I love the home section with cute nobs, plates and accessories and gorgeous bedding- warning their bedding quality is not worth the price. I can always find a plethora of items that would fit perfectly in my  dream apartment that I WILL someday have. (Right now I will have to keep dreaming) Get the loyalty anthro card. Although I question myself why I have it, (it is free of charge) only tracking your receipts. But it all makes sense when your birthday rolls around- REJOICE! You will be receiving a sweet coupon in the mail, which for anthropologie is great!
2	Dear Anthropologie, I think it is best if we part ways.  For years I've been shopping with you, but as much as I try to like the stuff I buy, I end up sending it to the consignment store, with the tags on.  Your catalogs are so beautifully magical that it skews my decision making.  I am tired of your 60s tablecloth fabric on almost everything. And the fit, who is designing this stuff, don't they know where the waist is supposed to be? It makes anyone in real live look matronly.  I know I am not a spring chicken, but I am definitely a sassy dresser.  I got your discount card for my birthday.  I know you know I cannot pass up a sale or a discount, but I will make an exception this time. Cheers!
4	Perfect place. Could go on about how much I love this store. So glad the Anthro card you sign up for is free and is not like a credit card! Always clean and organized. Always up to date with the new trends every season which is always a good thing. Just wish the prices were cheaper. As soon as I walk in the store I always see stuff I want but it is way overpriced, so the clearance / sale section is my best friend whenever I go here. The kitchen area / home area is pretty cheap though, compared to the rest of the stuff in the store.
