1	I really enjoy going to Panda Express I really enjoy the food very much otherwise I would  not return. I have been to several of the store throughout Arizona and am a usually very satisfied with the food and service, some are better than others.On almost every occasion when I visit Panda Express in the evening there is a pretty good sized line which I have come a custom too, I will have to admit though the line moves really fast!The Panda Express that I have been going to (1752 S. Signal Butte Road, Mesa) for almost 2 1/2 years now has got to be one of the SLOWEST franchises around. On most occasions and depending on the line size I will wait in excess of 25 minutes.The only thing that I see that is different between this location and other locations that I have been at is the people behind the counter.  They are the slowest servers, they have very little customer service skills, they ignore you, they don't smile, the don't day hello, the just don't care weather you are there or not.There is no communications between the other co-workers, the constantly put my order with other customer orders including bagging them into another customers bag. I usually have someone else with me, so we clearly let them know the items will be paid for together, and 80% of the time that have already bagged the first persons meal and the cashier is ringing up the item before the second tray is done. When we explain every time that the orders are together, they look at us like really!  I am just not sure why I have to keep track of all this, I am a paying customer not an employee.Up until the last few visits, I have simply tolerated this service. The time before last I complained to the Manager on Duty nicely about the poor service and she told me she would talk to the employees and promised me the next time I come in I would see the improvement and apologized.So when I visited on 5/19/2012 I was excited to see the improvements in the customer service. To my surprise I walk in the door, there was no line. (I wonder Why?)So we walked right up to the counter, no one on the front line (there were 3 employees) looked up, greeted us, smiled, said hi, showed any urgency to serve the customer that pay there wages, as a matter of fact we waited almost 2 1/2 minutes while that exchanged metal food trays out before they even acknowledged our existence.  I let the employee that finally decided to help up that I wanted a 2 entree meal and she immediately wanted to know what 2 entree's I wanted, I am not sure why all of a sudden she is in such a BIG hurry, How Rude.  I told here that I wouldn't know what I wanted until I stepped around the counter to make that choice.I made my choices and she served the first one and went for the second one which was at the very end and looked like it had been sitting in the pan for an hour, it was dried out and up from the heat pan. I made the comment that it was awful dray and if there was new batch coming out and she asked if I wanted to wait which I replied yes to, she then gave me a funny look and proceeded to scrape out the dried up stuff from the container in to the trash.While waiting for the fresh batch they replaced 2 more hot trays with new product and in front of me picked up the old hot tray that sits in the hot water and not only let the water drip into the hot tray of food behind it, but proceeded to let the disgusting water with things floating in it to literally run into the new hot tray that she was scraping the old food into.  Can you say hello 'Health Department.'  Even worse she had a rag in her hand which could easily been used to stop the water from falling off the tray!!!!!!!!In the mean time the cashier had not only bagged my tray which never got my second entree in with other meal that was ordered she started to ring up and rush us out, when I explained that the one plastic tray on the bottom didn't have the second entree she said that's ok! Again why all of a sudden are we in  A BIG HURRY!I approached the same Manager outside eating with 2 other employees to let her know that again of the terrible service and that she promised me that it would be fixed the next time I came in.  All she could do is say "I talked to them" not even sure that I got a sorry or anything other than her pointing the finger towards he employees. I brought up the water dripping from the pan into the new hot tray and although she looked concerned she did nothing or even tried to apologize or offer anything other than finger pointing.  It might be a case that she is more like friends with the employees versus being the BOSS, looks like they are running the show to me.I let the manager know that I would never return to that location, and again got little to know response.  What a shame, need to clean house on that place. I am wondering if the short line was a sign of problems a brewing at that location.Sincerely,A disappointed customer.Charles H.
4	The employees always seem to be smiling.
1	This location tends to have problems with the food. A lot of times I will have to wait for a new batch of food to be made because what they have kept under the heat lamps for who knows how long needs to be replaced. Typical Panda store. Considering the competition nearby I am surprised they stay in business here.
1	This is the food service selection  at 8:45pm, That is FORTY FIVE MINUTES before they close. WTH!  If you are going to be open until 9;30pm your menu should be available until 9:30pm!!!! Ridiculous!!
