5	Wow! This store is amazing! A wide selection of flavors!! The most I've seen inside a store!! Will come back for any Vape questions I have or anything Vape related!! Also they have AMAZING customer service! The worker in there explained everything I was asking and got me to understand everything I needed! Can't wait to go back and try more juices!! GOOD JOB GUYS!!
5	Now open for business! Located in the same shopping center as the larger and newer SF Supermarket and next to Big Lots. The store is clean, spacious, and has a well organized and great selection of accessories, mods, tips, great juice flavors, etc. for the elaborate vaper. They even had a nice section for the female vaper, with cute miffy bunny drip tips and colorful ecigs. No, they don't carry hello kitty designs or drip tips unfortunately. Also, they don't sell clones when we checked, they only offer the legit and the real deal at this store.Right when we walked in we were greeted kindly and professionally. We browsed thier collection and chopped it up with the employees for a while. My boyfriend asked many questions and they graciously provided him with a lot of solid answers. We truly felt the passion of the industry in the employees, Jose and the general manager Brian, great cats. The greatest thing about break time, is that they have reasonable and cheap prices! The juice we bought was $11.99 for a 15 milliliter bottle. My boyfriend loves the flavors they have here. We're relieved they stay open late until midnight (12am) every day! This will be our new stomping ground for sure.
5	Needed to find a shop and glad that this is the one I landed on.. I cannot stand walking into some of these Vape shops; and getting looked at like your the Idiot for wanting to spend money at there store. That wasn't the case here..Came in looking for cheap Atty/Re-build, (Acting like i knew what the fuck i was talking about of course). Bryan suggested and built me a Octopus drip tip atty ($11) he explained and made sure that it was 100% before sending me on my way.During the chaos at EDC It fell out of my pocket...I gave the guys a call and they built me another one and kicked me down with a few pre-made coils.. 11$This Atty made my EDC, The shop was beautiful, and in a chill location, nice to get away from the strip and feel like i was around some normal people- Had my Dog with me and they gave her nothing but love..Thanks for all the help and knowledge see you next time
5	Great vaporizers, and a wide selection of juices. Been loyal to BTV for 1 and a half years. If you are looking for vape supplies in Las Vegas, then look no further. Plus Brian is usually pretty honest and helpful!
5	Breaktime is by far the best vape shop out in vegas. Friendly customer service and a wide variety of Juices, Top line Mods, and Tope line Atty's. Another great thing is there open from 10 Am - Midnight so whenever your craving a new juice or bored of your mod you can stop by.
5	Very Clean Shop!! Amazing Customer Service!! Brian is very knowledgable and helpful when it comes to your vaping needs! They also have a BIG selection of Juice Flavor and Also don't forget they have 20% off the selected juice lines of the day! They also do raffles every two weeks!! It's one of my go to Vape shops in Las Vegas and they're open til' Midnight!
5	Best customer service of any vape shop I've been to! They're super friendly and helpful. Great selection of juices and open till midnight definitely a plus
5	This shop totally lives up to the reviews and instagram pictures I've seen. Amazing selection of juices and all the displays are immaculate. The mods are gorgeous. I wish I had had some more cash on me. Highly recommend the shop. Ask for Brian. Very cool and helpful. Oh they are open until midnight everyday for those late night juice runs.
5	This store is HUGE!!! Love all the juices! Their customer service is amazing!! And their mods, wow!! RJMOD products! I have 2 turtleships, zodiac mod!! I'll recommend any vapor in town of Las Vegas to visit Breaktime Vape Las Vegas!! And if you're visiting Las Vegas! This is the Vape shop you don't wanna miss out!!!!
5	WOW....just WOW. the shop is very clean and organized. They have a HUGH selection of high quality Juices and TOP line mod. The staffs are super friendly and knowledgable when it comes to E-cig. I'm a very picky customer but they have satisfied my vaping habit. I highly recommended this shop to whoever I bump into and ask me where I get my vaping gear at. They have gained a loyal customer for life.
5	Amazing vape shop probably one of the best in Vegas! Wide selection of juices provided with excellent customer service. Staff is very knowledgeble and they are master builders. Definately gotta come check this place out if youre in the area!!
5	An endless selection of juice and authentic vape mods is only an add on bonus to the excellent customer service. While walking into the store is quite hazy because of the fresh vapor in the air, the very homey essence is clear. Master builder, Brian Kim, shows professional skill while working with customers. I would give Breaktime Vapor a easy full five stars. Finding an imperfection within the palace of vape would be an exceptionally hard challenge.
5	I love stopping by here with my boyfriend when I'm in town! They have a great selection of flavors. They also have a deal where when you spend $100 you can get 5 dollars off. Their staff is always helpful with what you need and with any questions you have about your mod.
5	I came in because this was closest spot from Monta Ramen.  I wasn't disappointed. Bryan was the guy who helped me out. Rebuilded my mod and suggest some juices. The customer service he gave was top notch which goes a long way for me who always appreciate great customer service. He let my test a lot of juices on my dripper. Not a lot of vape shops where I'm from do that. Overall I highly recommend going to this place whenever you're in town. You won't be disappointed.
5	My go to vape store, they have all the best juice and hardware. Customer service is out of this world,  it's also a great place to go and relax with like minded people everytime I go I learn something new.
5	I picked up a couple juices from them last night and the guy there was super polite and efficient. The store is very clean and nicely laid out. It looks like they have a nice selection of vapes, juices and accessories. Also, the fact that they are open until midnight is the best part!
5	This place is awesome lots of juices and mods. Also the staff is very friendly and take there time with costumer and what they want will definitely be back.
5	One of the best shops in town great customer service,  really welcoming!! Great selection of juices and mods. Drive out of my way just to come here!
5	Best shop in shop in town! Great selection of juices! Great customer service! Not near my house but I still come here!
5	Came inside the store smelling the good vapor! First time coming here to get help setting up my new ipv3 and atlantis that was bought online. Very helpful with the facts about the batteries on how it needs to be done and the mod then the tank. Also have good sales and reasonable prices on their items. Definitely coming back for their branded juices they carry and the wonderful, helpful customer service. A+++
5	Awesome service from Dylan ! Very informative and helped us picked out a new bottle of juice. With his recommendation, we left with a bottle of Cloud 8 Cinna Milk. Absolutely amazing ! Vaping it makes me feel like I'm drinking horchata. Will come back next time, for sure! Thanks again Dylan !
