5	This is one of the top two of Las Vegas buffet world, the other being the celebrated Bellagio.  This buffet is much larger than the Bellagio and offers a number of live cooking stations representing cuisines of South Asia, the Mediterranean and Middle East, doing it quite well.  The one drawback is that the lunch and dinner services are separated by a two hour buffer, a brilliant tactical move by the Starwood Resorts field commanders that prevents the usual two-for-one battlefield ruse.
5	In my reviews of Bellagio and Wynn buffets I said they were the best,but upon further reflection I have to say they're tied with SpiceMarket Buffet. Lunch here is a highlight of every trip to Vegas. Theonly advice I would give is: Avoid the pizza,Mexican and Italiandishes. Not that they're not good,but there's so much better stuffavailable. Concentrate on seafood and the Morroccan items.Don't miss this buffet!!! Plan on spending half a day here. Thereare many nice shops in the mall behind the hotel.
4	The Sunday buffet here is great.  I especially enjoyed the mediterranean  selection that they offered.  Yet, waking up and eating after a heavy night of drinking, anything taste good. Though my memorable moment of the buffet was seeing the Snapple lady there.  Too see her on celebrity fit challenge on VH1 and then the buffet...oh, how she had fallen off the wagon.  And then to find out she was on the second season of the show...ouch.
1	I was there for the Breakfast Buffet and upon hearing lots of good recommendations from friends and yelpers, I was dissapointed. Even though it has a wide variation of different food culture, the flavor is not that good. Everything kinda taste the same after a while. The only delicious food is the Ice Cream. And it was expensive compared to a better buffet that we ate in Paris Las Vegas Hotel. My friends and I ended up eating lots of shrimp and champange in order to get our money worth spending.
5	Is this the place where they had green cotton candy in the buffet? To me, how could a place like that not get the highest rating?? Haha, more later.
5	LOVE IT!!! Everytime we go to Vegas, this is the place to BE!!!It's so reasonable, LOTS of options, fresh seafood, always busy, fresh mozarella!!!  what can I say?  I truly hope that this place isn't going to turn into the Hard Rock... wouldn't want to lose the place!  I seriously would be in mourning if I couldn't go back!  no really, wearing black, crying, pulling out my hair, tearing the clothes... As of my last visit last year, if you go for the "slot tournament" that's only ~$30 to play, you get a $10-$20 discount on the buffet, 100 pulls on one of a select choice of machines (if you get the highest scores, you win big!) and $15 or $20 to play at a regular slot (and you get to keep the winnings!).  Just for the fun of it and the discount on the buffet, it was worth it!  Not sure if it's around anymore, but may as well give it a try!But back to the buffet-- desserts are soo good, there's tons of fresh cali/mediterranean options and the seafood-- ahhhhhh.  GO!!!
5	OMG the best buffet food I've ever had.  They have all types of food.  Mexican, asian, middle eastern, southern, italian...you name it they probably have it.  Kind of pricey but worth the money if your really hungry.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE! I came here on an empty stomach (skipped breakfast and had a small dinner the night before) and there were so many yummies there that I couldn't eat everything!! Halfway eating, I realized I was starting to get full so I started getting teeny tiny portions of the food so I can try everything. I didn't even have space for dessert unfortunately b/c they all looked scrumptious. I loved how everything was grouped by cusines. Heard the Bellagio buffet was better b/c they have more gourmet food so you get more bang for your buck but this is MY kind of place!
4	The first time I came to this buffet I would have given it 5 stars, but on this trip, only 4.The food was pretty decent, lots of selection for certain, but some items I was looking forward to fell flat.  The Chinese food was actually worse than some of the crappy joints I've been searching out in LA (perhaps I need to up all of their reviews from the 2 & 3 stars they get).  They only seemed to have rare prime rib at that station.  While I like bloody prime rib, this was still mooing.  The real problem is the renovation going on at the Aladdin.  The buffet has moved to a temporary location upstairs (last time I was there is was downstairs from the casino) and everything is served in catering dishes.  It's hard to see the items and the labels aren't very large, so everyone walks along opening each (beautiful, btw) catering dish to see what's inside.  It's a little annoying, and it seems like some of the dining rooms are a little cramped.  The dining room we were seated in had a main walkway to get back to the food but it was so tight that at a couple points only one person could walk through at a time.I hope the quality returns to my first impression, but regardless of what it does, I'd wait until the renovation is complete before dealing with this one.
3	Had brunch over at the Spice Market Buffet. Food is good but i did see that they repeat their selections. I saw their eggs bennedict in various locations at the buffet. Their mexican selection isn't that stellar. Otherwise,  food is good. Have some champaign over brunch to boot.
3	I'm guessing that there is a reason why the Spice Market Buffet was only a ~30 minute wait compared to buffets at the Bellagio and Wynn...  I'd eaten here ages ago and remembered it being good, but I was pretty disappointed.  I'm a meat-eater, and the prime rib was pretty tough.  Prime rib quality is usually a good indication of the quality of a buffet.  There were a few other meats - ham and some sort of breaded meat - but they didn't look particularly appealing.  The seafood selection consisted of shrimp cocktail (standard fare), shrimp in a cream sauce, stuffed sole and lox.  Where were the king crab legs?  I know a lot to ask for...but I was hoping for more at the seafood section of the buffet.  There is a Mexican food area which was fine - guac, tamales, etc. and Mediterranean food.  I don't know what was up with that falafel but I was not down with that, though the hummus was decent.  On the positive - there is tons of variety, so people will find something they like.  And the bacon is extra crispy unlike some of the soggy, not-really-fried bacon you get at other buffets.  Also, even though I'm not a dessert-eater, the desserts looked great and they got good reviews from my friends...
3	After 3-4 trips, I finally got to try the Spice Market buffet around 9PM on a weeknight.  What a letdown.It's not that it's bad.  It's ordinary.Have you ever eaten at a really good college cafeteria?  It's like that.Crab legs, shrimp, oysters.  Yawn.Chinese food that looked like it had been sitting for hours.Some prime rib (probably the best thing there), pork loin, roast turkey (dry).I didn't even bother with the Italian section.  Besides the salad bar, that's all there was.  Exotic?  Not even close.  No Mexican, no Mediterranean, etc.Desserts were many in selection, but just average in taste.  At $29.99 a head, you put out M&Ms and jelly beans as dessert selections?  Come on.I would say this was only slightly better than the buffet at the Golden Nugget which I sampled the week before.  And I don't see them touting their Zagat review.Speaking of which, there is NO way that this place rates 23 for food.  Perhaps the Zagat reviewer was down a few thousand bucks in the casino and was "convinced" to write a glowing review.
5	Ok, I'm on the Atkins Diet for 50 weeks out of the year, so when I'm on one of my little "breaks", the quality of the food I eat is VERY important. I hit a lot of different eating establishments while I was in Vegas. This buffet was by far the best buffet I have ever had! Everything was prepared perfectly. There was so much of a selection of food that I couldn't try it all before I got full... and I even went back for thirds! Too bad my sense of adventure prevented me from repeating an eating establishment. I could have eaten at this place a couple of more times.
2	I already don't like buffets so when I came here after having to wait in line for 40 mins I was seriously disappointed. Most of the food was just standard fare with some of the Middle Eastern stuff being interesting. Unlike the Bellagio where I ate until I felt like my stomach would pop I ate very sparingly here.The only memorable thing that happened here was my friend telling me that he wanted me to go with him to the 24 hr marriage chapel to be the witness (and take pics) so he could get hitched with his girl that nite..  while I was trying to get some lamb chops..  it seemed kinda surreal at the moment.
1	I am astonished that anyone can rate this 4 never mind 5 stars.This was so mediocre.Yes, I was impressed on site with the around the world selection but has anyone actually had food from these regions.This white boy, often assumed to be Jewish, from Brooklyn/Queens could have made better falafel, in fact I do.The hummus and baba ghanoush were so oily and yet this food was my staple selection twice.Why?Because despite the plethora of pastas in the Italian section, only ONE came without meat.  O I mean come on.Kick a veg while he's down why don't ya?At least there was vegetarian sushi. I was also a bit disturbed to see a sign for Italian and then there's Asian but Sushi is its own "sushi" station.Ok, racists and cultural xenophobes, if pasta and pizza gets"Italian" then Sushi gets "Japanese" and "Asian" gets renamed with the country that most of the food there is best identified with, dare I say "Chinese" because if you were going to call it "Asian" where was the curry lentil dal and sag paneer? Feel me?One less star for showing Vegas may co opt the Spice Market idea but can still put forth the middle America cultural insensitivity.
4	Great selection of everything! Including desserts!
5	This place was freakin' hard to find since the signage to the buffet was poor, but it was worth it. I had my fill on sushi, chocolate crepes, cotton candy, fruit tarts, fried rice, salad, etc. This place has such a wide range of food that you'll definitely find something good to eat.  I am becoming a vegetarian, and this place had veggie options in each section, which was great.
5	This place was Bomb. The wait was a little long for lunch time and the prices were jacked up cuz of holidays but when we got in and ate, it was pure pwnage. They had a section dedicated to each type of food, from seafood, american, italian, asian, mexican, middle eastern, and so many different types of desserts its not even funny. Actually, it is so not funny, that it is funny... Ha Ha.      The main food that i liked was the usual prime rib because what Las Vegas buffet doesnt have Prime Rib... It was bloody, just the way it should be and yes... it became good friends with my mouth. Also there were endless king crab legs and shrimp. A Meal fit enough for a Hilton. The service was good too, never saw the bottom of my glass. Thanks Omar for all of your great service. Keep it up and there will be many more Washingtons in your pocket.     Watever food u can think of they probably have it. The asian part was a little dissapointing tho, maybe because im asian and i know what the good stuff is... I didnt try tthe mexican food or the soup/salad because i want to get my 28 dollars worth of food. The fruit was good too. Watermelons were crisp and juicy, and they had lichee which was bomb.     For dessert there were so many things it was hard to see what they didnt have. I ate crepe and ice cream. Also some rugula or however u spell that stuff. The crepe was really good becuase they put strawberries/peaches and glaze on up with chocolate. By the end of the meal i got so full it hurt to breathe.    Overall this place was the best buffet i went to. Aladdin, thanks for the food and freeing the genie.
4	4 stars for the Spice Market Buffet.   I'm being slightly generous but these 4 stars make sense in context of the fact that we're talking about a Las Vegas Buffet.   I'm not even comparing this place with Picasso across the street or any "honest" restaurant, for that matter.   When one accounts for the fact, though, that this is an all-you-can-eat buffet, Spice Market Buffet should evidently get 4 stars.Other reviewers have already mentioned this:  They have a wide variety of different cuisines:  Seafood, Salads, Italian, American, Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, and Desserts.   This means you can get sushi to start with, then load up egg benedicts, then switch over and get a bagel with lox and cream cheese, then get a quesadilla or some pasta, and finish it up with a couple of desserts.   We didn't get an opportunity to try nearly that many foods here, but this is just to illustrate the variety of foods that they serve.I started with their lox and cream cheese, incidentally.  The salmon was really extremely good.   I also tasted their egg benedict and their crab benedict, and I gotta say the egg benedict was quite good.   The crab one... only so so.  Their lobster pasta was *SERIOUS* disappointment, as was their sushi.  Let's just say that I didn't even touch the sushi:  my wife got it for me as she knows I love it, but just eyeing the fish, I knew it was probably not even close to fresh and didn't really feel like spending my Vegas weekend puking, so I left it.  The sausage pizza was cooked with a wine-based sauce and was way tastey!   Finally, their dessert selection was astounding.   I had the tiramisu and it really was quite a treat!$20 a head for sunday brunch... It's pricey, but then again you're gonna eat a lot of different foods and lots of it, so that'll basically be your one meal for the day.   Price-wise, I guess it's worth it.As far as decor is concerned, it's quite tragic.   I think I've felt more warmth kickin' it at the Ritz Carlton men's restrooms than I did in this place.   It's open seats, very ugly booths... just tragic decoration.Also, watch out for serious white trash contingency here.   This couple took our table and switched receipts because they apparently weren't pleased with where they'd been placed by the hostess.  Puzzled, I asked the guy who looked worse than a bulldog if he might have mistakenly sat at the wrong table.   He sorta grunted and went back to sucking his food out of his plate.   The guy looked so grungy and smelly I frankly wasn't gonna argue.  Probably sitting back in that chair I'd have caught some nasty disease.    Anyway, that was a bit of a downer on our brunch since both my wife and I felt slightly freaked out at this episode.  We tried to sit as far away from them as we could but, sadly, it wasn't far enough.   So yeah, watch out for the white trash that seems to hang out here.   Then again, most of the other patrons looked normal enough.  Still, looks can be deceiving.
4	I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas and this one is by far my favorite.  I don't expect much in the quality department when I go to a buffet because let's face it, we're there for the quantity, aren't we?  I was impressed with the wide variety of food and with how good it was.  It will definitely be the one I go back to.  However, our waitress was a beeeee-atch.  She was so rude to us and literally yelled at my friend for pulling a chair up to our booth when she arrived later than the rest of us.  WTF?  She was really snotty and told my friend she couldn't sit there.  Either she had to move to a different table or squeeze in one side with two others.  I don't see what is so wrong about pulling up a chair to make a 4-person booth fit 5.  It really ticked off the waitress for some reason and consequently I had to eat my brunch squeezed in like a sardine, while one end of the table was completely empty.Plus it took them FOREVER to get rid of our empty plates so eventually we had to pile them on the table next to us.  And they didn't fill up our waters.Summary:  go for the food, it is great!  Just understand that the service will suck.
5	Oh please don't change this place when Planet Hollywood opens!  This is by far the best lunch or dinner buffet on the strip at a reasonable price.  True, you may be able to find something with better food, but you're gonna pay for it and I just don't see myself spending $50 for a buffet.Anyway, for the food, they have your usual stations here.  Seafood, Chinese, Italian, Mexican, American, and my favorite, Middle Eastern.  Now I'm not the biggest lamb fan, but this lamb tasted even better than beef.  It was good!  As for the other stuff, they were very fresh and tasted better than most buffet places near the strip.  They actually taste like they cooked each dish for you and not in a big vat for 100 people.  They have lots of servers, so expect to have your drinks filled very fast and as courteous as possible.FYI:  They have big shrimp cocktail that you don't even have to peel!
1	I usually write longer, more thoughtful reviews, but in the case of Spice Market Buffet, I won't waste my time.  DO NOT GO!We waited in line upstairs in the casino only to make it down the escalator to wait even longer in what looked like a holding pen for livestock.  The food was not good.  Most of the displayed food looked dry and flavorless but, in fact, they did have flavor!  It was the flavor of really low-quality buffet food!  The only tasty item was the chocolate-filled crepes topped with peaches and a berry sauce.  They make them fresh at the dessert station.I'm kinda trashy in that I harbor a shameful enjoyment in Vegas buffets, but if you need to go to one, I suggest the one at the Mirage.
4	Love it because its International!
3	The buffet was good. It's probably one of the price-friendly ones. It honestly didn't cost me an arm and a leg. With the remodeling done there, it was a little hard to find the buffet. It's underground... kinda-sorta. The hosts don't really pay attention to the people eating and randomly changing tables. So, it gets annoying if you have a party of 6 and this party of 4, who's already on their 3rd plates, decide to move to a roomier table. Yeah, not cool.ADVISORY:Get there early, in a blink of an eye... the lines are crazy.
4	While staying at the Aladdin/Planet Hollywood I read in reviews that this buffet was at least top10 in Vegas. So I had to check it out..not to mention it was easy to get to.  I had breakfast there friday morning, and dinner there saturday night.   Price: Breakfast $15 per person, Dinner $25 per person. Not on the cheap side, but still fair. Especially for the quality of food.  Wait:  Breakfast we showed up at 10:00 am, 2-3 people ahead of us in line, quickly seated.  Dinner, about 6 people ahead of us, the cashier took no time to get to, but getting a table for 6 took a little while, and was slightly annoying (probably about 10-15 mins)....probably would've been easier if there wasn't some wedding banquet going on on the other side of the restaurant. We ended up doing the..lets' just stand next to the table of 6 grannies not eating and chatting..and talk real loud about how hungry we are and how we wish we had  a table that could hold six people..I think they got the hint and left quickly.  Food Quality - Breakfast was good with many options, the omlet station line was a little long so I passed on it. but everything else was good..besides...how bad does a buffet got to be to screw up scrambled eggs, sausage, hash browns, chicken fried steak? Dinner - was awesome. The different stations for different cuisine was good too.  The middle east kabobs were very good..i liked the lamb a lot, but the Chicken was kind've weird (marinated in chasu sauce which is chinese and reserved for pork).  Mexican looked like your standard Taco bar...I passed. The roast beef was very good, potato bar had some nice options. Asian cuisine had terrible egg rolls (as expected), but the tempura shrimp was good (too bad no dipping sauce). the quality of sushi was very good though..so I grabbed a lot..(*tip*..eat the raw fish as sashimi only..screw the rice)..salmon, tuna, eel...Wanna-be Sushi conossiuers would you prefer me to use the japanese names?!?  Okay fine...meji, sake, and unagi. i took 4 years of japanese but it's horrible..hahah..  Anyway, the italian station was very good as well...as they had a variety of different pastas..the lobster pasta was quite tasty, and the cheese raviolis as well..The pizza looked good too, but i passed as..I did not spend $25 to eat pizza. Lastly the seafood..which mainly composed of Oysters and Alaskan King crab was good..I did not try the oysters (i try only to eat premium oysters for fear of food poisoning)...but the alaskan king crab legs were great and plentiful..of course a line for that, but not too bad...once you got past the little old ladies who always stakced 20 legs on their plate...just do your part as well. The soups were good as well...I had a creamy Tomato Basil soup..nice.  Service - we were never left with empty glasses, plates cleared quickly. it was sad to see one server clear a table for six people all by herself. we left her a good tip, she was a friendly server and  a hard worker.  and was very on top of always keeping our drinks filled.overall -  I highly recommend Spice Market Buffer, the prices are fair, the food quality is very good, and the amount of variety is good as well. I'll be there for lunch next time in Vegas as i was craving some Clam Chowder I saw being prepared for lunch while i was there for breakfast.~G
5	Exceptional buffet especially if you like ethnic food. Whatever they make it is really good. I like to point of the following:1. GREAT COFFEE- dont miss out on that if you are a coffee connoseiur2. mediterranean section is realy good with the chicken tikka, hummus, daal and rice, curry sauce3. Mexican quasidillas are very tasty4. Chinese vegetarian rolls were good too.. 5. And last but NEVER the least, the desserts are a must have. Their Baklawa is intoxicating.. you can't stop piling on those 1000 calories one after the other... hehe Need to hit the gym now as this has laid some guilt trips on me ;(
3	I came here on a sunday, at 4pm.  It had the standard las vegas buffet offerings, but nothing spectacular.  the price was okay--$26 for dinner--so it was good for the price.  The dessert section was great, and they even had cotton candy!
3	We got free passes to go this place for everyday we were here.. You can't argue with a free meal.. The place is pretty big...They have a large selection of entrees..It is a little pricey but so is everything in Vegas.... At breakfast, the make fresh omelettes.. I had two.... Decent...We would go back but no reason to pay.. They are giving out free passes all over..
4	Four stars becaues it was an overall great experience.  Pretty fast service, 2 for 1 coupon, and good food.  Their crab legs have been much improved over the past years and their other seafood dishes were decent to say the least.  I really liked their beef shank dish that was cooked in some kind of wine/soy sauce.  It was really tender and GREAT.  I didnt enjoy their prime rib, like most other buffets but they had some good middle eastern style food.  I would suggest this place to anyone seeking a real vegas style buffet.  However, I really don't understand "best in LV" signs because i felt the Wynn or bellagio was probably better in terms of quality and ambiance for a few bucks more.
5	The Spice Market Buffet is the first buffet I've hit in Vegas since '97 that I've thought this highly of. It's not cheap-- don't get me wrong-- but that's not the point. If you are a foodie, and you are actually interested in working your way around the whole buffet limiting yourself to a tablespoon of anything just so you can try it all-- The Spice Market Buffet is the best. I was particularly impressed by the Indian and Middle Eastern offerings-- their Tandori chicken was very good, and the falafel is as good as it gets. Don't go there to stuff your face on the cheap-- that's not what this place is about (try Excalibur or some crap instead), check out the Spice Market when you really can't make up your mind and want to try a touch of everything.
5	I'm almost ashamed to admit it, but the last time I was in Vegas, my bf and I ate here twice! Once for the champagne brunch, and another time just for the breakfast.Champagne Brunch - What more could you want? It's breakfast, lunch, dessert, and booze. You can stay as long as you want, which means you can drink as much as you want for a great price. The food is good, and if you pass a chip or two to your drink server the drinks will flow freely.Breakfast - Breakfast for two cost about as much as Starbucks for two. If you in that hung over state of not knowing exactly what it is you need to eat to feel better, this is a good bet. You can have coffee, oj, water, and all the breakfast fare you want. So if you take a bite a something that just doesn't do your tummy right.... no biggie, toss it aside and move on to the next item on your plate.Overall, Spice Market is awesome.... make a stop for the champagne brunch.
4	i don't really like buffets.  but my family LOVES them.  so i have seen a buffet or two in my decades here on earth.on a recent trip to vegas we hit up this buffet for the champagne brunch and all i can say is DAMN!  if every buffet could be like this one i would be a convert.  it was super, duper yummy.  the selection was huge, the food was fresh, and the service very good.
3	There was no line.  Always a good thing.They charged me "holiday" rates on Sunday, July 8th.  Uh, how the hell does that count as 4th of July?!?  Not good.Wide selection of food.  Yummy lamb stuffed tomatoes.  Oh so good mac n cheese.  The prime rib was decent, but the fresh grated horseradish and creamy horseradish were really good and spicy. HUGE dessert selection and most were very tasty.  Their mimosas were great, mostly champagne with a splash of OJ.  They brought out a separate glass of OJ as well so I was able to extend it for a while.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.The oysters they had did not taste fresh.  Not good.  But at least I didn't get sick after eating the one I did.Most of the other food selections were good, but not great or amazing.  Overall an average Vegas buffet.  I wouldn't clamor to go back, but I wouldn't avoid it either.
3	Yes it is over rated and yes it is a must when you go to Vegas,,,, I don't care that it was rated #1 what I care about is that we avoided the major crazy line that goes for blocks around brunch time/when people need starches and carbs to quell the alcohol for round #2... and by the looks of it #4 for some individuals in line. I am a dessert person, my friends like a variety of meat dishes...so we all got a long fine and dandy...there is something for everyone.... a variety of different foods... The Jay Z song "International" comes to mind. The most important aspect for me is..how is the coffee.... it did its job, perked me up and re-started my engine.... after an hour of us chowing down.. I was ready for day two.
2	I was so excited to hit up a buffet in Vegas, however was very disappointed by this "best" buffet. Maybe I'm not a buffet person; however, nothing was anywhere near remarkable, in fact only half of what I tried was pretty bad. I would not recommend this buffet.
4	I just had this on Friday and I thought the food was awesome. Its also the first buffet I've been to where you can make your own pizza. Unfortunately this place did not meet the hype that it has for being the best buffet of 2007. The setup of the place could have used a little more work too because some sections were too far away from one side and that it might have easily been unnoticed. I expected a much greater selection, but since it was lunchtime and it was cheaper, I'll let it slide. Good food though nonetheless. I still recommend the buffets at the Rio or the Mirage.
2	I haven't had a lot of good experience with the buffets in Vegas, and this one was no different.  The crowd was huge of course, but we got through pretty quick.  But for the price ($37 or something like that) the food just wasn't very good.  Lots of it was lukewarm and not very appealing looking.  I guess I need to try one of the more traditional steak and lobster, old-school, casino restaurants for a good buffet in Vegas.
1	UGH.Don't ever, ever, ever go here. EVER.My husband got the worst case of food poisoning from this place. It totally ruined our trip to Vegas. Wanna know how bad it was?It started out with him having diarrhea. For hours. He was finally able to get a couple of hours of sleep. We headed home. There was no traffic, but it took us 6 hours to get home. It shouldn't have taken no more than 4. It took so long because every few minutes we had to pull over so he could throw up. He couldn't even keep water down. He'd take a sip, we'd pull over, he'd puke up water.HE COULDN'T EVEN KEEP ICE CHIPS DOWN.Also, the food wasn't that great. Nothing to write home about. And it was fairly expensive. I can't remember exactly how much it was, but I do recall the distinct feeling that I was getting RIPPED THE EFFE OFF.If you want a good buffet, go to the one at the Rio. That's the best one. Best food and best bang for your buck. Most of the other ones are overrated.
4	To mix things up a little on my last trip to Las Vegas, we decided to hit up the Spice Market Buffet at the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino (formerly Alladin).It was voted the Best Buffet in Vegas in 2007, so I had high expectations and an even HUGE(r) appetite for king crab legs...I wanted to like the Spice Market Buffet because, well, it's a buffet! All you can eat baby! Yeah. So, we arrive and (1) the escalator on the way down to the buffet is broken. So everyone (senior citizens, parents teaching their children how to walk for the first time) was walking down the escalator VERY SLOWLY. OK, escalators are entitled to break down every once in a while, but during their 4pm Dinner rush hour? Hmmmm.We pay for our buffets first and are quickly ushered to our seats near the seafood area. Nice! Upon obtaining our plates, there is a LONG (and slow-moving) LINE for the crablegs. Hmmm. What's the hold up? Oh, the people cutting in line in front of those of us patiently waiting... while the crab leg attendant does nothing to regulate...We are seated and greeted by our lovely server who takes our drink orders and ensures we are comfortable. Nice.My crab legs are a little too watery (poorly thawed) and VERY salty to say the least. But I continue consuming them... until after about 20 or so legs I am satisfied.They also have various other foods some distinguished by ethnic group, and of course prime rib-- which was delicious.Overall, a good value ($24.99 per person) for a dinner buffet. Professional and friendly wait staff (ask for Ginger from Jersey). But not quite as good as the Wynn's Buffet.
1	G_R_O_S_SYes, there was a big selection.Yes, it was international.Yes, you could pig out as much as you wanted.No. it really isn't cheap.I was hungover after a big night out on the town and needed good food.  This place didn't fit the bill.  AT ALL. Best Buffet in town is the claim.  Don't buy it!
4	We had breakfast here, originally because they gave us a complimentary buffet since we stayed there at Planet Hollywood (you have to reserve some special breakfast package).  When we presented the cashier our coupon, they stapled a $5 bill to the receipt to use as tip.  I was surpsised by this.They had the usual breakfast buffet items, and they were pretty good.  They had a big selection of items, including freshly made juice of various types.
3	I came here for an early dinner and there was no line, which was nice.  However, I got the feeling that I was eating the leftover food from the lunch rush.Most of the breads and rice dishes were dried out and the seafood was, well, very fishy.  I would avoid the raw oysters.However, some of the food was good.  The tomato basil soup was great and the falafel and hummus made me very happy.  The sushi was also surprisingly good.  My b/f was pleasantly surprised by the meat and ate platefuls of lamb, ribs, and other animals.  The veggies were just ok, but the desserts were great.The atmosphere is very hip and trendy and they gave us a booth, which was nice.  For $25, in Vegas, if you are looking to fill up on all you can eat, it is not bad.
3	I heard such great things about this place that when my friend insisted on eating at a Buffet (which I never do), I had us go here. Turns out, this place is nothing special. The food is solid. They cover all the basics (prime rib, roast turkey, asian, italian, dessert, etc.) and turn out some slightly creative dishes. Most of it is extremely hit-or-miss (hit the Tandoori Chicken kebab, miss the falafel). For a buffet, the service was fantastic. But for the prices you're paying, you might as well shell out $3-4 and try the Wynn.
4	After roaming the streets of Vegas, I was almost starting to forget that there are actually LOTS of easily vegetarian options out there :( This was great because the lunch buffet was only like $16.99 each, which was especially great since I spent at least that much on a crappy omelet since it was the only thing I could eat on the previous menu and I spent about just as much!Yummy pasta and cooked veggies, veggie spring rolls, hummus was a bit bland but such is life! There was good guacamole or at least decent which made my day very happy! They had veggie quesadillas and cheese enchiladas.SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!! I had the fruit cobbler with some soft serve ice creme on top and then about 1/2 of a piece of strawberry shortcake!! YUM!
2	We visited this buffet during our last trip in Vegas due to the many reviews.  Honestly, I have never been so dissapointed in buffet food in my life.  I should have known to flee when, during the preview tour, I saw in the "Asia" section thick bloated udon noodles floating in a shallow pan of what could only be construed as a thick syrupy egg drop soup like broth, and have taken that to be representative of all of the cuisine - the dry chicken tandoori, rough baby back ribs or the sub-par chicken noodle soup (I would have preferred Campbell's).  I have never written such a negative review in my life, but we were so unhappy there that we even took photos of our unhappiness.  We even skipped dessert.  I am sorry, but it was really bad.
3	My boyfriend and I had dinner here after we watched Stomp Out Loud. This wasn't my first choice for buffets, but we figured that by the time we made it to another place we probably would've been too late.  As we were going down the escalator, we saw an ad that said this buffet was voted the "Best in Vegas" in either 2006 or 2007...Not sure. But anyway, that made us feel a little better about eating there. It seemed like there was a big selection, but there really wasn't. I liked the tempura shrimp and the crab legs... but that's about it. The crab legs would've been better if I knew that we could've asked for them to be steamed and served hot. I probably wouldn't wanna eat here again.... and I'm sure there are wayyy better buffets on the strip.
1	avoid this place like the plague. how this place was voted best in vegas 2007 is besides me. the spice market managed to f up food i thought was fail proof. the beef tenderloin tasted like it was boiled in water. sushi, dry and hard. crab legs, salty and watery. i lost my appetite one plate in, which was one plate too much.
2	I though this place was suppose to be good from what I have heard, but I was sadly disappointed. As I walked up to the cashier, she gave me the price which was about $28 per person, I gladly supplied her with my credit card. She gave me the charge receipt and I wrote the tip amount into the receipt. She took the receipt from me and said there is a problem with me tipping on the card because she already closed the transaction. She said it would be difficult for me to tip on the receipt because she would have to void the transaction and then recharge the transaction. I said that was a silly thing to do. Then she suggested that we just charge the tip amount on the card as a separate transaction. I finally said we would just pay in cash at the table. The service wasn't very helpful to accommodate my payment method.The seating area was not very spectacular. It felt like a HomeTown buffet, but with a little more class. The food was not very fresh. The lettuce in the salad was rather wilted and didn't taste very good. I tried a little sushi, but the rice was very hard. My sister told me that when she picked the sushi up, the rice already cracked in half.The prime rib and ribs were average. I do have to say the duck was rather tasty. I think this was the best part of the meal.I tried some of their dessert, but was also disappointed. I felt the chocolate covered strawberries were rather mushy. As I walked toward the soft serve ice cream machine, I saw the machine being serviced.
3	I feel that even though my experience here at the Spice Market Buffet was "okay" I want to believe that it was the alcohol speaking. Going from 2 hours of sleep from a strip club can make a person hungry, but at the same time, satisfaction is another thing. I thought that for a Las Vegas buffet it was more so below okay, than it was good. Me and my buddy had the "early" breakfast buffet. I have to say that , with all of those different cuisine stations, you would think they would have different flavors, but for some reason it all tasted like well seasoned paper and mush. Maybe I was still drunk, maybe it was the glamour of being in Vegas, but as I believe it was.......I could have gone to the Red Rock Casino and gotten better quality for what I paid. I'm being very nice by giving 3 stars, due to fact that I may have been a little under the alcohol, but it wasn't a good experience none the less.
4	mmmm delicious!  Their seafood section was soooo goood!  The Alaskan crab legs were amazing...and they were all halved and cracked so no hard work to dig for the meat.  Their desserts were also amazing...I got a cheesecake bite...it looked like it was a scoop of ice cream and was delicious.  I also got the banana cream pie, my favorite.  Great tasting food for sure!  If they had a wider variety of foods, then I would have given it 5 stars and agreed with it's "best buffet in vegas 07" award.  It comes very close in my book though.
4	While the idea of eating at a buffet isn't at the top of my dining list, this buffet was the exception to the rule.  Everything here was super clean, and very attractive.  My friend and I showed up on a Sunday evening, around 6, and the line lasted for maybe 5 minutes for entrance into the eating frenzy!There's a wide variety of foods to choose from, such as salads, mexican, italian, mediterranian, seafood, and then good ol' comfort food.  Fast forward to my favorite part, the desserts!   YUM!  I think I ate more desserts than "real" food.  Wide variety, but by far what stood out was the warm brownie, that I doused with vanilla ice cream and broken up heath bar.  YUM!This will be a sure stop next time I'm out this way, purely for the yummy desserts!
4	Very nice breakfast buffet. We got a nice deal since we stayed here. They gave us $25 off the price coupons. You know something is going to be expensive when they are willing to give $25 off, right? Not so for the breakfast.We got two meals for $7.30! Score! No, not each, total! Yes, I still think it would've been worth it had we each paid the $17. Some different fare here than what I generally see in my Reno forays. Lots of fresh goodies like lox and smoothies. They had two kinds of pancakes and all of the made to order stuff.We had plenty to eat here and the food was pretty tasty too! I'd try this buffet again. It looks like the lunch and dinner offerings are nice too.
5	I think this place has a great brunch- We didn't get the champagne, but it comes with a free non alcoholic drink. The food was good and there was a lot of variety. I even got an egg white omelet. The dessert section wasn't as huge as the Bellagio's but there was soft serve frozen custard! Mmmmmmmmmmmmm.....
5	my favorite buffet in all of the glory that is las vegas, aka sin city, aka heaven and hell on earth (as i like to call it).the difference between this buffet and all the others: you can get your crab legs steamed!!! now if seafood is not you're thing, then i guess this wouldn't be the place for you. i love my crab legs with lemon, most like it with tons of butter, but i feel that takes away from the crab.here's my buffet run through:once you're at your table, either wait for your waiter/ress and order your drinks, or head on off! i like to do a walk through first, start on one end, and make your way to the other. when you reach one end, this is when you grab a plate, and start filling it with the foods you liked and want to try.i like a cup of soup, salad, pasta with big chunks of tomatoes, something fried, mashed potatoes, prime rib, fish, i love their mediterranean section, etc. for my first round, i usually come back with 2 plates.second round, re-try anything i just loved, and try new things that i couldn't fit on my first 2 plates.third course: seafood!!! shrimp with cocktail sauce, anything fried, and crab legs galore!! and wait in that line to get them steamed. perfection, my friends, is more than worth the wait. make sure to grab some lemons for the extra kick! and butter, if you like that stuff.last course: dessert. now i'm not a big dessert person, but i will indulge myself in some yummy goodness when it's a buffet.you can feel the hear attack coming when you walk out of here, but that's what buffets are for. and what's a trip to sin city without gluttony?!
4	Figure, I'd yelp about this too, especially since this is the newest and most raved buffet in Vegas right now.  It's definitely set at a good price.  and for that, you get what you paid for.  Don't get me wrong, its pretty daymn good and I left the place carrying mah belly  and all, but if you were expecting something like the Rio, or from what I remember, it's not like that.  Their seafood selection isn't great, but it does have the usual snow crabs which taste about right.  I hate it when some places have them extremely salty.  But everything else is about a fair quality with a variety of foods from different cuisines.  I remmeber I kept going back for the crabs and mainly the prime rib.  Their prime rib and other roasts were definitely good as well.  So, if you wanna try a new venue, maybe check out the PH and try out the buffet.  AGain don't be expecting no Rio.  It's far from that.
3	Being of the ethnic persuasion, I love spice.  I mean, the spicer the better I always say!  But for some reason, this particular spice buffet was somewhat watered down on the spices and not as ethnic as I had hoped.  Next time I'll have to take my Tapatio sauce and a couple chili peppers to top it off.  Nevertheless, I appreciated the effort of a sprinked paprika or jalapeno sauce every here and there.  Proved to make it a thematic and worthwhile experience.  Their around the world "spice" set-up they had going was very "it's a small world after all" theme.  I particularly enjoyed their Middle Eastern section and the kabobs -- it's actually very hard to find a good kabob these days and I was pleasantly surprised.  They even had lamb ... I was stolked! Their dessert section lacked some "umpf" but hopefully you'll have already stuffed so much shrimp and tacos down, that you don't feel like you missed out on much.  If you stay at Planet Hollywood, you get a discount (I forget how much) but overall, it runs about $25-$30/person, so remember to pull your room card out.  Not too bad as far as prices go on buffets in Vegas and the wait isn't that bad either.  Enjoy those spicey tuna rolls!
4	Since I'm from Hickville, it shouldn't surprise you that I love coupons and buf-fays.    In high-school, the coolest kids would get bday parties at the KFC buffet in a nearby town.  I was sooo jealous.  /end tangentAt early registration @ Planet H. we were given a coupon for the buffet.  Instead of resting from our crazy flight, we bolted for the buffet.  Breakfast is served until 10:30 am.  $14.95 per person or THREE $ with my coupon.  Shovel available for additional fee.Crepe bar (upon request, will prepare sans oil, butter, and taste), omelette bar, amazing fruit selection. I entered carrying only emotional baggage in my purse, but left carrying six bananas & four muffins.  Voila! Breakfast for two more days.  See why gals carry such large handbags?
3	I just don't see it ....The Spice Market Buffet always ranks in the top five buffets in Las Vegas.....Often it is listed as the best.I just don't see it ....I tried the Spice market previously and thought ---it is nice, but nothing greatI keep reading about how great it is ..... soI went back with the Yelp mentality -  to see the positives, to see what I have been missing.I still don't see it.You ride down the escalator to the room .... OKThe decor is nothing specialThe price is very comparable to other buffets.The line wait is about what you expect from other buffets.The service is good, just like most others.The food is laid out in an attractive manner.They have fresh Sushi .... is that it ??They have crab legs and  shrimp .... is that it ??There is a nice carving station.All in all, a nice meal a nice experience ....but the best in Las Vegas  ??I still don't see itBut try it - you'll like it !!
4	The buffet here is a little pricey for Vegas, but it's worth the money.  They have stations set up with food from different parts of the world at each.  Overall, everything was good and there was a pretty wide selection to choose from.  The dessert station was also very good with a lot to choose from.
4	We had the breakfast buffet when we arrived in LV.  there was no line when we went.  They had variety and the food was good.  I ate tons of bacon and a small scoop of eggs followed by crepes and a belgian waffle the size of my head.  Lots of whipped cream in the crepe and waffle-yum.They also had what no buffet has-watermelon juice.  I drank five of them simply because I wanted to eat healthy.
4	I'm not a buffet person.  In fact, I've always disliked buffets because you have quantity over quality, but I wanted to try this one out just for the experience since it's Vegas and all.  I guess I will have to try the Rio buffet the next time since my boyfriend raves about it.  Anyways, here, the selection was aplenty.  You have Mexican, American, Italian, Asian, Mediterranean, and maybe I forgot something else. I absolutely loved the ribs except when I dribbled on way too much extra sauce.  The noodles were the best I've ever had.  And the dessert, yummm.  But what is up with all the Ethiopian servers?  Haha.
4	The Spice Market Buffet gets 4 stars for being the best-bang-for-ya-buck amongst all the numerous buffets in Las Vegas.  It really is quite a deal, considering the variety and quality of the food you get.  We got our buffets for only $ 13-14/person, and that was the lunch buffet!  That's a steal, considering the Wynn buffet is like $25, and the selection of hot food is not nearly as good as at the Spice Market.  Spice Market consistently wins the "best buffet" in Vegas mainly for it's affordability and top-notch quality.  It won in 2006 and again in 2007, and I'm sure it will be up again for 2008.  Granted, when you come to Spice Market, you don't really expect food like at the Bellagio buffet. But honestly in a blind-folded test, I think I would like the Spice Market buffet more than the Bellagio buffet.   The atmosphere is casual/modern, and there are nice green booths as well as open tables.  The colors range from khakis, to greens, to yellows, all in all to make a pleasant eating experience.  On the walls are several flat screen TVs showing the Food Network, so you can think about delicious dishes even more, and let your food digest while you look at someone else's fabulous finds on TV!Spice Market has awesome pork ribs.  These ribs are flavorful and juicy, and practically melt off the bone.  They're exceptionally good, and I'm not really a rib person, but I kept going back for more of these!!They also have awesome skewered roasted veggies at the Indian food station.  Huge metal skewers carry roasted zucchini, squash and eggplant, and each morsel of veggie is juicy, not-dry, and just awesome with every bite!!  Oh yes, the tandori chicken at this station is also very good.  It's not too dry, and you get these little kebabs of tandori chicken to go with your skewered veggies.  Check out the saffron rice with raisins in it!  It's awesome.The meditteranean station is also a stand out at Spice Market buffet.  They have baba ghanoush, freshly made hummus, tabouli and grape leaves.  The baba ghanoush is very good, especially with a sprinkle of olive oil and dash of chili pepper.  Yum.The seafood section at Spice Market has jumbo shrimp, sushi, lox and some hand rolls.  Not bad, but not really a standout.  The dessert station is pretty good---there's flan, chocolate mousse cakes, warm brownies, an ice cream machine with fruity toppings, and there's even a way to order your own crepe!Service was excellent.  The waiter was very friendly, and kept clearing our plates in a timely manner.  He even offered freshly brewed coffee at the end of our meal.  Wow, I think the coffee was Starbucks, or maybe even Peets, because it was strong, hot and very flavorful. Overall, for $13-14/person, this is a very affordable buffet in Vegas.  It's really good too, so don't think that you'll necessarily get a better deal at the Bellagio buffet.  I think the Bellagio and Wynn buffets are over hyped anyways.  Check out the Spice Market Buffet.  The ribs are phenomenal!!  And the after meal coffee is SOOO good.
3	3.5 stars.Buffets seem so over-rated, and if they run into the $30-40 range you better have a healthy appetite. But, with work colleagues it seemed like a good idea, but we went for the cheaper option of Planet Hollywood @ $15. I was ready for the Wynn, but I heard Bellagio is the best.When I asked, "what's the difference since the Aladdin changed to Planet Hollywood?", the lady at the reception said, "nothing, just the name. The food and everything is the same!" So there you have it. If you came to Aladdin in the past, you've been to The Spice Market too.Would I come here again. Probably not, but it was pretty competent. The variety is fair: Middle-eastern (kebabs, falafel, feta cheese salad), Asian (think Panda Express with some not-so-great sushi added), Italian (Sbarro-style), seafood (king crab, cod fillet, salmon) and desserts. Pho's desserts were the best thing I think. You still had to be choosy though...but the chocolate-covered strawberries and small tarts were good. As was the crepe with apricots.Service was pretty attentive and our waiter looked after us just fine, even with the difficult things like "water, no ice" etc.
3	I went here for breakfast. Waiters at a buffet? Oh they want a tip right. They don't even let you get your own drinks. I mean if someone drinks like five orange juices (hangover) then they may get a deal ha ha.  I was disappointed. I got eggs and a frozen yogurt sundae. This was all food I could have found ten years ago at my college dorm cafeteria.  I expected something special and didn't find it.
5	I don't have a source, but I was told by one of the collegues I went with that this was rated the best buffet for 2007. I can see why.Let's start with crab legs - are you a leg man? The crab is succulent and sweet. Many other buffets have overboiled, tasteless crab, but these legs are SUPERB!  They also split the legs down the middle so shelling your crab is not the ordeal it usually is elsewhere. I think I ate half my body weight in crab, so if I appear to have a reddish hue, that may explain it.Prefer racks rather than legs? The honey glazed rack of lamb melts in your mouth. Tender, juicy and doesn't have the overwhelming "lamb" taste that turns many away. I'm honestly not much of a lamb person myself, but I did come back for seconds!Most buffets make you peel your own shrimp which frankly isn't worth the trouble, but here, it's peeled already!And the prime rib is cooked perfectly, juicy, and the chef cuts a slice to your specifications.It is $30 a person, but if got any of these items off of a set menu, the price per plate would approximate that anyway and you couldn't get seconds! Highly recommended, but come with a large appetite and a belt with a few extra notches.
4	before i became a wannabe foodie, i used to ONLY go to buffets when i was in vegas. i thought it was more bang for your buck and my bucks were being spent at the casinos anyway (so i opted for eating one hella large meal a day instead of three smaller meals).i used to only go here and the bellagio buffe. i went here for the food and i went to the bellagio for the atmosphere. the food is better here. less selection? maybe.. but it's better.
2	I only give this place two stars because I expected much better quality food that my friends and I actually got.  The prime rib was actually cold when I ate it and the atmosphere wasn't that great either, which made me think that I could have gotten a better deal at the Rio buffet (which has better food and about the same decor) or the Palms buffet (which is about the same, but much cheaper).  I don't think I would recommend this place to my friends.
2	When we went to the Spice Market Buffet, it was still the Aladdin a few years ago.  I did a lot of research and reading tons of reviews because the hubby and I were only going to be in Vegas for 4 days - each meal was not to be wasted at a so-so establishment.The most famous thing in Vegas aside from the casinos and the shows is of course the buffets.  Every corner you turn on the strip, there is some huge neon sign advertising the cheap yet plentiful buffets.On the higher-end side was the Spice Market Buffet - not much advertisement, it was just supposed to be a "hidden gem".  The price we paid was somewhere along expensive - $20+ for each person for dinner.  This was a fortune in Vegas when it came to buffet dining.  There must be some exotic and delicious food was the conclusion we came to.The room was dimly lit.  There was plenty of walking room amongst the tables, probably to avoid head-on collisions amongst patrons.The selection of food was paltry.  They were known to have "international fare" and yet at each of the distinguished stations, they had only a few items.Now, not only was the number of selections limited, the food they did have was sub-par.  Hot food was warm, cold food was slightly colder than warm.We were definitely extremely disappointed with our experience here.
1	If this is one of the best buffets on the strip, then I can't imagine what the bad ones are like.  I wandered into the Spice Market Buffet because I wanted something quick and casual for dinner and I'm staying at Planet Hollywood.  Having never been to a Las Vegas buffet before I figured it is something that one needs to experience anyway.  First I was a little surprised by how much it cost:  $28.00.  Isn't this supposed to be cheap eats?  Oh yeah, there's no such thing in Vegas.  The food was across the board awful.  I made my way around the world starting with middle eastern food.  I tossed some hummus on my plate with a stuffed grape leaf and the guy behind the counter served me some grilled chicken hunks, which were pink like it was tandoori (weird) with a small pita.  The pita was totally stale and the chicken was dry as a bone.  The hummus and the stuffed grape leaf were just ok.  I then moved on to the seafood - ah, the ever popular all you can eat shrimp and alaskan king crab legs.  I was excited but quickly disppointed at the first bite.  The crab was incredibly salty, watery and had a strange texture.  The shrimp were the same as the ones you get at the supermarket pre cooked.  After I abandoned the seafood I went for mexican.  I picked up a flour tortilla, some beans, cheese and cilantro, but passed on all of the protein because it looked so bad.  I picked up one small piece of chicken to taste (with the tongs of course!!!) and it was super salty and peppery.  I wrapped up what I had in the tortilla and it was okay.  The beans were pretty good.  Then for good measure I stopped at the italian food and chose a spinach lasgana roll.  yuck.  Also too salty and had a funny texture.  Kind of like bad frozen stuff.  All in all this was a bad food experience.  I'd give it no stars if yelp would let me.
5	Definitely my favorite Vegas buffet.  It's much higher quality food than standard buffet fare, and the wait staff and chefs do a fantastic job.  Quality early lunch spot to fill your belly full of things to soak up all the alcohol you plan to consume the rest of the day.
5	This place is like, the best buffet ever!!!  I used to love going here when it still was the Aladdin... Planet Hollywood didn't take away the awesomeness of this buffet.  There are sooooo many choices.  I like to stay in the seafood section (the far left section).  They had king crab legs, shrimp, oysters, stuffed scallops... so yummy.  We stayed here for three hours eating!  We definitley got our $28 worth!  Even if we didn't stay here for three hours... this place is worth the $$$!
5	After you feast your eyes on the girls dancing in the pleasure pit, head on over (or under) to Spice Market Buffet to feast your tummy.Just didn't seem like buffet food, everything was really tasty. The seafood options: Crab stuffed Sole, Salmon in a sweet sauce, buffalo style fried rock shrimp, everything was absolutely delicious. The pizza in the Italian section was good I heard, but the lobster risotto was the bomb! The tabouleh and kabobs at the Mediterranean rocked and the shrimp tacos at the Mexican were the best I've had in a while.Now the desserts, lets see : Bread pudding, oh God!  Tiramisu, holy cow! Almond creme, ooh wee! Chocolate cake- the devil himself! and the Creme Brulee- help me someone I am falling and fast!Definitely try the buffet when you are in Vegas. So yummy and so worth it !!! Oh wait, did I mention " Crab legs"
4	Voted best buffet 2007, and I can agree with that selection. Any restaurant / food place that shows Food Network gets bonus points in my book. We went here for the Memorial Day brunch/lunch special and I wasn't disappointed. $28 you get your selection of seafood, like Charlene R. wrote. crab lets, shrimp, oysters, etc. I'm not big on that stuff. However I can assure the seafood isn't bad, not super, but good enough for a buffet. The meat, some were good, some was a bit dry. I had the ends of the prime rib, so it was kind of dry. The brisket was very good. The rib was pretty tender off the bone good. Both meats, and mostly all the meats are pretty fatty. (that's how they get you!) The sushi bar is quite week. The Middle Eastern food is pretty good, I really like the grape leaf wrap (i forgot the name) is excellent. The asian food is standard to a tad below average. The dessert is very good. They have a banana fosters and a crepe bar, the crepe aren't made with much care, but it taste good enough. I enjoyed this place. Since I've never been to Bellagio, this place rates as my favorite, with maybe a nose above Rio.
5	We like this place better than Rios!  Great decor... So many choices...seafood, Asian, Italian, you name it.  I really enjoyed the pasta.  The pasta was fresh, cooked perfectly and the different sauces were very nice.  To finish off...the deserts were awesome!  The only critique is that the seating was a bit crowded.  When in Vegas...definitely, a repeat place to go!
5	Second only to The Buffet at Wynn, Spice Market will not disappoint.  My Chinky friend and I agree the pot stickers and pork bao are TO DIE FOR.That's four Asian thumbs up for their Asian food.  You do the math.And yes, she DOES allow me to refer to her as "Chinky".
5	I just went to this buffet this past weekend and it turned out to be one SWEET suprise. :)For the price of only $25, there was a HUGE selection of food. My favorite foods of the buffet includes huge Alaskan Crab Legs and fresh shrimp cocktails (yum!) They have beautifully decorated desserts that all look sooo good, but my stomach had room for only 2. I had the creme brulee and the tiramisu, and they were absolutely delicious.From the Middle Eastern food section, I tried the basmati rice, which was really good, grinded lamb stuffed in tomatoes, pita + hummus and kabobs. From the Italian section, I tried some white sauce pasta, pizza loaded with tons of ham, and some other stuff that apparently didn't leave a lasting impression. They also had an Asian and Mexican food section, which were also pretty good.Save room for dessert, because I was just in awe of all the variety of pretty-colored desserts that they had. If I could, I would have tried every single dessert - but that wouldn't be too good for my body, now would it? :)If you don't want to pay $40 for a more expensive buffet, definitely go with this one. For almost half the price, you get a really good selection, and you will definitely leave happy.
2	I kinda have mixed feelings about this buffet because my husband seems to like it. Since we live here, we go out to buffets pretty often just for the variety and selection. When you have food allergies you want to be able to have a span of options to choose from. He thinks the food selection and quality is decent and I think we've had better. It's not a fancy buffet with unique dishes...just your typical buffet with Mexican, American, Italian, Asian, Seafood, Salad and Dessert stations. For about the same price I would prefer to go to the Rio Carnival Buffet.. they have a better seafood selection. The seafood selection here is not that great, small crab legs and itty bitty size shrimps. Some of the dishes seems a bit dried and over cooked. Also, the down part of this place is that it's like a journey to get here from the parking structure....it's quite a walk. It's great after your full and well feed on your walk back to the car (to help with digestion)...but when your starving, you barely have the energy to walk through the entire mall, casino and having to stand in line to pay. I guess if you were here to shop to begin with you wouldn't mind...but just for the buffet....ah...save your energy!
1	They say this buffet is rated 'the best buffet in Las Vegas'.How shyte do the other buffets have to be, if this was the winner.Dont get me wrong, they get top points for range, cleanliness, great table spacing (not all crammed together) and rate of turn over to get people seated and presentation...but the deciding factor, the food was crap.We do appreciate that is more of an American cultural thing that food isn't as heavily flavored - we're lived and traveled all over the world and American food is generally famous for its blandness. But HOW can you have a buffet with foreign food and make that bland too?We tried a breakfast and a lunch buffet - we wanted to give the buffet the benefit of the doubt and try it again to make sure it wasn't as bad as the first day - and it was. 80% of what we took, we ended up not eating.Kudos does go to the dessert section, the Mexican section and the fresh roasts. The rest was pretty below edible.We had fried shrimp that was still FROZEN in the middle, and tasted like dirty grease on the outside (unfortunately dirty grease was as far as any flavour went), Asian fried rice whose rice was only about 1/3 cooked, stir frys with no flavor, Mediterranean food that would make the Mediterranean's weep with sorrow, fish that had a similar textural consistency to bathroom grout..and the same taste I assume too, and vegetables that you wonder how long they sat in the truck in the desert before they made it to the table.Tell me I'm up myself...I don't care. But when you're paying $45+ for 2 people to eat international food, you expect at least some of it to be edible.  All I can say is that we had a buffet at the Silver Legacy in Reno that ran rings around this place... RENO people. What does that have to say about this place?Save your $$ and go to Starbucks.... at least you can trust that Starbucks will taste like something...
3	The food is good for buffet food, When I go to buffets I take a small scoop of EVERYTHING, so I try a few bites of most  dishes. Overall the food was good, the creape station was neat, and the services is ok. two people in my party orderd a mamoisa and were given a cup of orange juice and a glass of champange???**The Main thing IS... I really didn't think its worth the 27.95 price for saturday lunch, which is the without champange price. I have eaten at the Rio buffet and they have Lobster, crab legs, bbq pork ribs, more sweets, more sushi, and is about the same price. So I can honsetly say  I wont come back, because for the price there are better choices.
2	Half of everything was ok, the other half more on the so so side.   We arrived at 10:45 which was between the lunch and breakfast time.    They had a line forming with no one to explain that they would not be seating anyone until 11:00.   That was a bit of a turn off.    Also, a crepe bar where the woman has never heard of a crepe suzette???   The service was ok.
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! Ok, I can't really say that because I haven't tried all of them, but damn, it's good! My favorite part was the crab legs that were already cut open for you. They had food from all over the world. Their spicy shrimp pad thai was delish. I usually don't double up on food at buffets because I want to try everything, but that and the crab legs were an exception. My friends and I got there at 4 p.m. when the dinner opened and didn't leave until close to 7. haha. Get your money's worth! I will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas!
2	I had high expectations here, but I was sorely disappointed. I didn't really enjoy anything I ate here. So yeah, I give it one star for the variety of food they offer. Another one for it being edible. That's all I have to say about that.
4	Rated the BEST buffet in Las Veags? I don't know if I'd say that, but it was pretty darn good!I went yesterday for lunch. At around $19 including tax, the value was great. There were a bunch of different stations that focused on different types of cuisines- American, Italian, Seafood, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Asian, etc. Believe it when I tell you I enjoyed food from nearly every "region"!Middle Eastern- tried the Chicken Tandoori, falafel, hummus, baba ganoush. Chicken Tandoori was actually Chicken Tikka. While it looked authentic, it didn't have that wonderful smoky flavor that the tandoori oven creates. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty. Just didn't taste like what you get at an Indian restaurant. The falafel was very good, but again, didn't taste like normal falafel I get. It was much mushier rather than crispy, but had a good flavor. Baba ganouch and hummus was good and enjoyed with a few pita breads. Mexican- only had the vegetable and cheese quesidillas. While this seems like a simple thing to prepare, I've had bad quesidillas. These ones were GOOD, and I liked how they had a separate salsa bar with all different spice intensities, sour cream, guacamole, and other garnishes. Asian- vegetable spring roll and California Roll. Both good.Seafood- Spicy Buffalo Rock Shrimp was amazing! Popcorn sized shrimp fried with a buffalo sauce. Amazing. I hate way too many of these. The shrimp cocktail was good as well, but I had better at the Bellagio buffet. I began to enjoy the desert section, but was then recruited for a Cupcake Crawl (see reviews in my Las Vegas list). I did take small bites of a Chocolate Mouse Cake, Carrot Cake, and Bread Pudding. All were GREAT!All in all, I'll be back. I liked their attempt at the different countries, but I'd like them to try and make the food more authentic, especially in the Middle Eastern section. Great value, good food, no line, and great service!
3	Food: Okay. Definitely didn't seem like the best buffet in Vegas! They had a nice selection of food though(Asian, Italian, Mediterranean, Salads,etc) but there wasn't much taste to the food. I did enjoy the nice selection of desserts but I didn't care too much for the variety of items I had on my plate (Italian Meatballs, Beef enchiladas, pizza...) The Kung pao chicken, lettuce cups, and fried chicken were not bad.Price: I found a coupon in a Vegas mag for a 2 for 1 lunch so we ended up paying around $17 for 2 people. I wouldn't want to pay more than that to eat here.Location: Located in Planet Hollywood downstairs (you take an escalator down to the buffet).Service: Staff was friendly here.
4	i like this buffet. decent food. loved the variety. lots of different cuisines to pick from! dessert  bar was great! gnocchi were kinda funky. but everything was decent! lunch was 17.99/person. i think its right up there with the rio's buffet. good ribs!
4	Came here for dinner, and didnt run into a long wait at all. Food was pretty good, atmosphere was also pretty good. I was happy they actually had a middle eastern station and even more pleased with how good it was. It ended up being the only thing i ate! with the exception of fresh cut fruit and shrimp cocktail :)
4	Absolutely shocking. In a great way! I was here years ago when this casino was called Aladdin... and the food back in the day was mass produced and gross.This time, our company was having a dinner here *side blurb: which was great because we got to bypass the immensely long lines, say our names and get whisked away downstairs. who says you can't get great escort service at a buffet?!*We were seated and the assault was on. Crab legs. CHECK. Omigod. They were cool enough to steam them for us so we had piping hot crab legs. That made these babies taste even better than the ones from Wynn.Chocolate covered strawberries. Half check. How do you run out of these!!?!? Prime Rib: CHECK. Tender and juicy.I was blown away by the quality of the food that they were serving here. The staff was really helpful and the food was of great caliber! This is definitely one of my "will recommend" buffets for those who don't want to blow 40 dollars at Bellagio or Wynn.
4	After a full night of drinking at the Rhino, my friends and I wandered over here for a little brunch. It cost $17.99 per person and I would say that its worth it. To get my money's worth, I always get a piece of the Prime Rib because for some reason buffets always have Prime Rib. The reason I do so is because I expect that a good piece of prime rib from any restaurant would cost a minimum of $10. Therefore, in this case, I would only have to eat and drink $7.99 worth of stuff to justify my purchase. I am glad to report I did just that. The Spice Market Buffet is organized by the region the food originated from which makes it quite easy. They have everything from Italian to Middle Eastern. I especially like the fresh kebabs they had. The dessert bar definitely is not as appetizing as the Wynn or the Le Village Buffet at Paris, but the crepe station was a nice touch.
4	One of the best buffet I've tried in Vegas.  This place beats the buffets at the Wynn, Rio, Mandalay Bay, Paris.  Why?  Quality over quantity.I'm sure that it's real exciting to walk into a buffet where the lines of food seem endless.  And even though there are only 8 stations at the Spice Market Buffet, each type of food has their own distinct taste.  Other Vegas buffets I've tried seem to all taste the same--the eggs taste the same as the steak, as the fruits, as the desserts. At this buffet, you can definitely taste the high quality their food is compared to others.  Desserts are to die for!!!!  MUST TRY! =)  The best of the cheesecake!  Don't try the crepes--they aren't really crepes.  But all the other desserts are a must to try! =)
2	Seems to me this place must be either hit or miss.  After the advice of one of the cab drivers, combined with the fact that one of our friends was already staying here, we decided to give this place a shot rather than going to the Rio Seafood Buffet that I usually go to.Granted they did have bigger crablegs, they were cold, I like my crablegs to be hot, hot, hot!  The prime rib was so-so and their mashed potatos were flavorless.  Their middle-eastern stuff was all on the dry side and their sushi was very unoriginal.  The only redeeming quality of this place was the dessert section, but overall I wasn't impressed and will return to the Rio.
4	great buffet. ate here twice (we stayed at the planet hollywood) and got coupons so we ended up paying around $15 dollars a head.great selection of food but, like others have stated, the quality of the food is incredible. they had dolmas and hummus in their middle eastern section and it was just as tasty as my favorite persian restaurant.seafood section was bomb, as well as the ribs from their american section.overall great buffet.
5	one of our favorite vegas buffets that we usually must go to whenever we're in town. like vegas strip buffets, it's expensive -- 25 bucks for dinner...but it IS ten bucks less than the wynn buffet, and it's really pretty good.soup, salad, pasta, middle eastern section, mexican...for a vegetarian, buffets are NOT worth it, but at least the food is pretty good here. i mean, as far as food that is kept under heat lamps go. service is also mucho excellente!they also have a cotton candy station. how awesome is that?! one time when we went, it was very entertaining seeing where people put their cotton candy. you know, when they decided to get the cotton candy before they were done eating. people can get quite innovative -- in a cup, stuck in the bowl where they keep the packets of sugar...unfortunately, this last time, the cotton candy machine was broken. i was probably two cotton candies too late.
4	We only went for the breakfast buffet, and we used coupons making it only about $10 per person so I can't really complain.  I'll agree with others though that half the food was great and the other half was practically inedible.  I'm not sure how it got rated best buffet in Vegas, but I bet (hope?) it wasn't for the breakfast buffet.
2	We heard such rave reviews about Planet Hollywood's buffet, supposedly rated #1, but what a disappointment.Environment:It's an elegant, clean looking atmosphere. The service is fantastic, especially our server who refilled our drinks at every opportunity, which is all I really want from a server.Food:I do believe I've had better buffets in Las Vegas. I'm still a huge fan of Rio's buffet, which has a wider variety of foods and have more flavor. A lot of the food was very dry and the only items worthwhile was the cocktail shrimps and beef and cheese enchiladas.
4	I always used to stuff myself with food from the Wynn buffet, but I love this place. It's such a keeper. It has cotton candy and a chocolate fountain. This is just an addition to the other good foods. I was never fond of sushi from any of the buffets. They're all about the same. I really love the decor and the ambiance. We didn't have to wait forever like Wynn or the Bellagio. And for the price, I would go here again and again. Plus, you can always get the buffet comped if you lose all your money at the tables or slots. :)
4	Very nice buffet with a lot of choices in different cuisines. The mediterranean stall is the best, wait!! the desert section is the best!! :)) Go see for yourself.Dinner buffet starts at 4 pm, I always take heavy breakfast, skip lunch and just get there at 3:30 ;)) There's a huge line there at that time. But you get to sit at that time much quicker than if you get there after 4:30. Then they send you as people leave one table at a time.
5	Why 5 stars for this buffet???1. the price is good for a strip casino lunch is about $22, dinner $262. very good selection3. service is good4. there is a restroom in the buffet area unlike most buffet, you have to go to the casino.5. they will warm the crab legs for you if you ask and is cut in half so you dont have to do any work except eat it.there is a American station, seafood station, Asian station, Mexican station, middle eastern station, Italian station, desert station.The deserts here are also awesome creme brulee yum. for kids they even have cotton candy.I believe this is one of the better buffets in vegas, Belagio is good but pricey
3	I was caught up with Vegas fever and had to visit a buffet....  a local recommended this as being the best.  I would agree, it was pretty good for a buffet (I'm not a typical buffet person, being vegetarian it's usually not worth it for me).  Definately one of the best I've been to and certainly the biggest I've ever seen!First I was told to get the coupon from those little books, they run a buy one get one free, so that helps with the cost.  Line to get in is so long, but moves pretty fast.  The place is comprised to stations of so many nationalities, it was overwhelming!  Mexican, Indian, Chinese, American, Italian, Dessert, etc.Food was hit or miss...  flaffel and hummus was terrible as was most of the Mexican station.  Italian was so-so.  Indian and American was pretty good and dessert had lots of yummy things including ice cream.If you have to do a buffet, do this one!
3	This was the largest breakfast buffet we have tried in Las Vegas in recent years.  I was very happy with the raspberry smoothie, OJ, crispy bacon, Belgian waffle with fresh strawberries and wild blueberries and crepe.  Overpriced as is expected on the Strip, but still very good.
4	I'd would say as far as Vegas buffet goes, this one offers decent quality for the $ you pay. I've been this one every othe time I've visited and would probably go again.
3	Here's the thing, buffets, no matter how bloody good they are, can only really attain a certain level of perfection because they are, alas, a buffet.I like the spice market. I like certian areas better than others (the Mediterranean area is wonderful, the Mexican area is awful). I went back for my first time in about 2 years this past week and some things were better (the tandori chicken) some things were worse (the orange juice, the pizza, the fried chicken) but when you couple all of that with the fact that they have a bathroom on premises. it balances out.
4	I enjoyed it, and I know my friends did too.It was 30$ a person for dinner.  This was the only buffet I went to in Vegas so I can't make any comparisons... but I was very surprised at how big the buffet was.  I loved how they had every cuisine available and how there was so much variety.  Some of the food choices were interesting, but I tried it nonetheless.  The pizza was a little odd and didn't look appetizing at all.  I'm not big on sweets and didn't save much room for dessert, but the dessert section had a lot going on.  Definitely a good experience and I had a lot of fun.  It's worth going.  Next time I go to Vegas I probably won't come here again... just because there are so many more buffets that I want to try over there.  But if you haven't gone yet and you'd like to try... I'd say it's a good buffet!
3	just came back from vegas so the next several reviews will be vegas-centric. kind of expensive for what you get. i mean, theres a lot of choices but theyre all kind of mediocre. i had shrimp, prime rib, crab stuffed sole, enchiladas, pizza (i know, stupid), dolmas (actually pretty good), but the worst part was the hummus and pita and tahini. it was inedible. i really ejoyed the tandoori chicken though. all in all i think id rather go to one of the pricier buffets at the wynn or bellagio because you probably get quality food, not just quantity food.
4	Good eatings. If you like breakfast food, shrimp, omelets  great desert and mimosas!Im a fan of sushi but don't think about trying their's, its hard.. stale old sushi... Basically the middle and left sides of the buffet are good and the rest (right side) is a bit suspect. Overall the mimosas and the left side is so good that it still gets 4 stars
4	I'm actually a pretty big fan of this place as I've been coming here since the casino used to be Aladdin. I think it offers the most variety of buffet foods in all of Las Vegas and is priced reasonably for such a huge selection. All of their foods are also decently good so it is a filling and satisfying meal.
3	this buffet has really good mediterranean food!  and the soups are delicious.  however, everything else is sub-par.  so, if you like mediterranean food, this buffet's for you!  but if you don't or want a variety of good food, i'd go somewhere else.
4	I would definitely want to go back to this buffet. The "middle eastern section" was my favorite...they had grilled lamb and chicken. the chicken was very tender...but i think the lamb was overcooked. the section though was very complete...hummus...pita...basmati....baklava!Also ventured into "american" with prime rib and orange glazed duck......"seafood" was the most popular with a line....crab legs, mussels...shrimp....crab stuffed sole.....the chinese wasn't that good--dumplings were dried out.....there were also tamales in 'mexican' but i didn't try it. there were also a couple of soups....but i think the desert bar had the most selection....cheesecakes....cakes....fruit.....i walked away with a fully belly and a pink cotton candy.all this for $30! def. more bang for ur buck.
4	I heard some good things about this buffet but never had tried it nor was I determined to try it.  I figure I'll come around to it one of my days in Vegas.  I did not care too much to go here considering it is a mid-level buffet.  Finally, made a visit with a group of others who wanted to come here.  The Spice Market buffet is good like they say and was better than I expected.  I thought it to be about the same mid-level place around $28.   The Spice Market has a better variety packed with many well made items.  I enjoyed the Middle-Eastern island pantry even though I am not a big fan of ME foods.  It's ironic the ME food here at a buffet was better than all the ME restaurants I tried.  Loved those lamb and chicken kabobs, the hummus and bagooey or whatever that other dip was called and the stuffed grape leaves.  It was Monday night and they had King Crab legs that were as good as they get - moist and untainted with any additives.  Good, smokey BBQ pork ribs, and yummy shrimp & sausage jambalaya among other deliciously cooked items. I was so stuffed from trying all the different items before I got to the carvery that I did not even try the prime rib or other carvery items.  I figure, I will try it the next I come to Vegas.  I  won't hesistate to come here.  A delicious deal!
3	3.5 starsi'm a huge fan of buffets... in fact i brought along a book with me with the intention of spending half my day here... but that didnt pan out since i remembered i was on a diet.  ok let's see... seafood section was good.. i love the crab legs.middle eastern was HELLLA nasty... dry ass mah-effing chicken... it was like chewing on a crumbled up piece of sand paper... mexican section was shameful... asian section was small, and NOT authentic...BUT... the creme brulee was really good.... AND if you show them your room key you get $5 off per person!!
5	Delish. Came here pre-Thanksgiving (on Wed eve) and let me just say the middle eastern food was amazing. The turkey was moist and well seasoned. Their desserts are fresh and have a homemade quality.The crowd was light. Service was great. Our waitress was prompt to refill our glasses and very friendly. My 12 y/o is faux-vegetarian and had a plate piled high of delicious cheese pizza and zesty bleu cheese salad.I wish I could name everything I ate but I probably ate a little of everything. May I suggest bringing some time and your appetite.
3	As usual we had our family thanksgiving meal at a buffet at Thanksgiving. There was really nothing that made this particular one stand out past the other buffets I've had on the Las Vegas Strip. At least the line for Thanksgiving wasn't as bad as other hotels. The food was less the stellar. Yeah, the turkey (along with gravy and stuff) tasted good along with the prime rib (although it was a little bit dry), the other stuff they offered tasted like it's been sitting out there in the open for a couple of hours and tasted like it too. The made-to-order crepes was cool although the chef really liked putting a ton of butter to make it.
4	My favorite part of this buffet is the seafood section.  Cocktail shrimp galore!  I also really like the fact that the crab legs are sliced in half so you just need a fork to get the meat it.  It makes it so much easier, and much less of a mess is made.  The desserts were also really really good.  They had all my favorites: Creme Brulee, Flan, and Crepes.  I think I ate more of the dessert than anything else there.  Hehe.  I have been here several times, and have not been disappointed.
4	This was definitely the best buffet we went to in Vegas.  The meal was comped, but we'd return and be glad to pay for it.The Middle Eastern section was delightful; every offering I tried was delicious and the chefs seemed very pleased that I liked.  The Chinese food was not as fresh and seemed dried out.  I tried the almond-crusted seabass from the American section, but it was very salty and tough.  The ltalian wasn't appeal, and the seafood, while tasty, seemed a bit oversalted.  My husband enjoyed his food from the American section, though, and everyone else I saw eating seafood clearly liked it.My favorite part of the meal was when our server informed  us of the best nightclub in town and told us that she liked going there because "the African-Americans had rhythm and liked to shake the booty."  (Direct quote.)
3	So while we were staying at PH we saw a sign on our door in our rooms that the Spice Buffet was voted #1 hmmm 2007? or something like that (shameless advertising) So the girls and I woke up and went downstairs to taste the #1 buffet...I guess everyone else read the memo on their doors cuz the line was long.  The buffet wasnt even pretty.  We sit and hmmm what should we eat first?  It was typical brunch selections. However nothing at all was extraordinary.  I didnt find anything that I wanted to get twice.  Booooo what a waste we should have hit up wynn again =(
4	My parents moved to Henderson in 2000 and we have been eating at this buffet since it was the Aladdin. It is consistent, delicious and seriously one of the best. I mean I have to agree, where else CAN you get cotton candy at a buffet?! It is truly awesome. :) No more pricey than any other buffet but the quality is superb and has remained so during the renovations and change of ownership. Always a definite place for us to hit up each visit.
2	30 bucks is a bit outrageous. Especially when your favorite thing was the grilled zucchini!  I came here under protest and time constraints as we needed to be at a concert in less than an hour. We headed downstairs to the buffet and I was optimistic with the international variety they offered. The guacamole and sour cream were the only things that looked good at the Mexican bar. The seafood was watery and bland, although I must admit buffalo sauce with fried shrimp is strangely yummy. Nothing really stands out as "special" except the grilled zucchini and yellow squash from the Middle Eastern bar. They were grilled, peppery and cooked to smokey perfection. I went back for seconds and came back with zucchini and a small creme brulee. I should have just stuck with the zucchini...
5	I went here on my most recent trip to Vegas and I must say, it was GREAT! I really liked it. The service was nice and the food was delicious. I thought I was going to fall over from being so full. They had a great selection of EVERYTHING. They're dessert selection was AWESOME!!! I really like all the different types of food they had, got to try something from all over that day, and ESPECIALLY the price!! It was seriously really a great place. I am most DEF going back the next time I head to Vegas...which will be soooon! =)
3	On a trip a few months back, several taxi drivers, independent of each other, all answered, "The Planet Hollywood buffet" when we asked them what they thought the best buffet in Vegas was.  Sadly, on that trip, we only went to the Bellagio's.  I fixed that on this trip out.We went for a late lunch on Sunday and found that no matter what time you go to a buffet, they are always hoppin with business.  For about $27, you will be given countless options for food.  I had some of the steamed shrimp, a couple of things from the Asian station (surprised to see some dumplings there and even more surprised that they were pretty good), a couple of things from the carving station (BBQ beef was moist and not dried out, the prime rib had a wonderfully spiced edge), and a few things from the Middle Eastern station (some hummus, eggplant, and tabbouleh).  Everything I tried was good, and I was careful to grab only a spoonful.Dessert was simple:  a helping of some damn good bread pudding with a shot of vanilla soft serve ice cream on top.  Niiiiice.There's a lot of food choices here; bring a cot or sleeping bag if you can.
4	Line was long, big dining area, and food was plentiful. It's about $30 a person for dinner, which isn't bad. I feel like all buffets have the same food, minus a few things give or take. The real difference is the quality of the food. And here, it's not too shabby!! The crab legs are really good, juicy and fresh. They have italian, seafood, salad,soup, middle eastern, asian, and desserts. Their italian section would be bomb if they had a create-your-own pasta station like the Wynn or Mandalay. All the food was pretty good, but the salad bar was definitely lacking in the veggies department. 3 different types of greens, and then all they had were mushrooms, cucumbers, and like 2 other veggies. A little disappointing, but I guess you dont really go to a buffet for salad, right!!
2	We had the $27.99 per person champagne holiday brunch on christmas day. It was good, but definitely NOT worth the price. The only stations worth visiting are Italian, Mid Eastern, Mexican and desserts. Rest are all CRAP, including american and much to my disappointment, asian which didnt' even have noodles?? the fried rice was dry, so was the spanish rice at the mexican restaurant.If you are gonna go, stick with the pizza, the made to order crepes, and yes, the breakfast hash browns were good. Or better yet, go watch a show instead and eat at one of the local restaurants..soooooooo not worth the money
5	I hate buffets.  When my group on my last Vegas trip made me leave my poker game at the Flamingo and then told me that we were going to the Planet Hollywood buffet for lunch, I was not too happy.  When I found myself standing in line in the casino, I was prepared to be mad and bitter about my food.Boy was I surprised - the lunch buffet there was exceptional.  Particularly good was their "American" cuisine section.  I know, that sounds kind of lame, considering they advertise themselves as "Spice Market".  But the beef roast was great (I normally hate generic beef roasts for the masses - they are always bland, overcooked, and just disappointing - not this one), the breaded pork chop was something that true Southerners could be happy with, and they even had a made-to-order hamburger service. They also had Italian, Asian, Seafood, and Middle Eastern food as well, all of which had good dishes.  To top it off, the made to order crepes for dessert were fantastic.Obviously not everything was exactly what I would have wanted - it is a buffet cooked for thousands of people, after all.  But far more of that food had me thinking "I should go back for some more" than at any other buffet I have been to... ever.  Other Vegas buffet's don't stack up to it, especially when cost is considered (and I've been to Bellagio, Rio, among others).  Also, unlike most every other buffet I've been to in Vegas, the waitress was friendly and helpful.  Compared to all buffets, this one earns 5 stars.
5	One of my fav buffets in Vegas. The food is of great quality. I wish they had a bigger seafood selection.
3	Not thebest in the strip, but still pretty good. And it is one of the cheapest compared to what it offers.The speciality is the crab legs, tons of it, unlimited.If you are a crab lover, you should definitely visit this buffet, for $27 you can not beat the deal.They have the Alasking King, and snow crab legs, legs are already pre-cut, so you don't have to worry about anything except eating them.Rest of the food is not bad. They have really good chicken noodle soup.If you are not a crab eater, well i don't think it is worth paying $27. The biggest letdown was the desserts. Tasteless, and not worth spending the time to eat them.
2	For a vegas buffet I would expect better. Some of the stuff was ok. Red Meats were delicious and flavorful, but some of the seafood were about the same as most buffets up here in san jose for a fraction of the cost. The sushi I must say were absolutley horrendous!! I'm actually susprised that they even have the nerve to bring out something of that quality at a vegas buffet for 30 bucks a person. the sushi had 5 times more rice than fish was hard and dense.   The mexican food was good, but again quality was a litte lacking as I was overhearing others saying the same thing at other tables. The deserts were ok . Again, nothing spectacular.
5	this was our favorite place to eat at in vegas. we tried out a few buffets while we were there...but this one was so good we went to it twice in our rather short visit.both times that we went there it was for dinner. we got there a little early and didnt have to wait in a line or anything.just make sure you come hungry...the buffet is massive.the first time we went there i think i ate like 3 plate fulls plus two desserts! i ended up throwing up in my mouth...but it was totally worth it.on our second visit they had cotton candy! YUMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!
4	This review is for the breakfast buffet only. I was unable to go again for lunch or dinner. I would love to though because I want to try their Middle Eastern section. I stayed in Planet Hollywood so they gave me a bunch of discoutn coupons, one being $5 off the Spice Market Buffet. They had the usual breakfast food. Freshly made omlets, wide selection of pastries, croissants, bread, etc. The crepe station was deeee-lish! I had a banana fosters crepe. MMMM! Awesome start to my morning. Best part... my waiter was an Elvis impersonator (or at least tried to be) He had the look and voice down. Essentially I had breakfast and an Elvis show LOL! He was great! Super nice and attentive. "Thank you... Thank you very much" (Elvis voice) He kept doing that a lot. haha! I would definitely go back there again.
4	We arrived around 11:00am on a Sunday right when the Champagne brunch started. The line wasn't long. We waited in line for about 15 minutes. Buffet brunch price is $20.99 per person. Add $3.00 extra you get unlimited champagne. I never notice what kind of music is playing at other buffets. But we listened to Justin Timberlake and Rihanna while dining here. The pop music did made this place seemed more "Hollywood".Spice Market Buffet offers cuisine from around the world. Asian, American, Mexican, Italian, and Middle Eastern. This is the first time I see Middle Eastern cuisine featured in Las Vegas buffet. Nice! Since it's brunch hour, there are breakfast items such as made-to-order omelet and make-it-yourself waffle. There are lots of choices here. Everybody can find something they like.I got an omelet with everything, which include ham, mushroom, onion, tomato and cheese. The omelet station chef can make three omelets at one time... really fast, too. Freshly made omelet with gooey melted cheese, a dash of Tabasco, that's my kind of breakfast heaven. Yum!Spicy tuna roll, cocktail shrimp, marinated mushroom, the standard appetizer dishes. I took bite sizes of shrimp, chicken and steak from the Mexican station. I was surprised how the food didn't taste like buffet food, but more like restaurant food here. The lamb stuffed tomato from the Middle Eastern station was a hit. The succulent flavor of lamb paired with juicy baked tomato perfectly. One bite and I totally forgot about the recent tomato salmonella scare. The tandoori chicken was tender and flavorful. Hummus and ghanoush were equally delicious. The hollandasie sauce on the egg benedict was tasty, but the egg was overcooked. My explanation is that maybe it's for food safety reason? But we still like egg benedict with running yolk better. Prime rib swamped with yummy gravy. Looks delicious, but it was a bit too tough for our taste. The crab stuffed sole was very good, as well as the rest of the food. The dessert station looks so inviting. I stood there for a good 5 minutes just to decide what I want to get. Flan is one of my favorite desserts. When I see one, I have to get one. I don't think I need to describe how delicious the flan was. *drool* The small fruit tart looks so cute. I had to grab one. Two bites, gone, yum! Panna cotta was soft and creamy. My stomach was about to explode. But I still finished it all.There is a crepe station. I picked strawberry and the crepe chef prepared it right in front of me. "Do you want some brandy?" the chef asked. Huh? Brandy? I didn't know they add brandy to crepes. The chef tried to convince me, "yeah, brandy makes it taste better!" I decided to trust the chef. That was a really good decision to trust the chef. This crepe was amazing. Fresh strawberry in sweet crepe with the brandy sauce, my goodness that was good.Before we left, we went back to the dessert station to grab a cotton candy for to go. Cotton candy! They even have cotton candy!! This is the best dessert buffet ever!We really enjoy the champagne brunch at Spice Market Buffet. We like it a lot better than Wynn buffet. After spending two hours here, we left with big smile and bigger stomach. Spice Market Buffet, we will be back. See you soon, hopefully.
4	My wife and I ate here twice over the weekend, once for dinner, and one for breakfast.  We signed up for the PH Players Club thing and got a good coupon book.  I don't use coupons much, but it was $10 bucks more my wife could pump into a slot machine.The food was good overall.  Dinner was hot and they had a good mix from "around the globe".  The greek stuff was out of this world, and a little treasure hidden in the corner is the mexican.  I don't eat mexican food at buffets, but the beef fajita is really good steak cut thin and was yummy.Breakfast was what you would expect...nothing great but nothing really bad either.  We used another coupon and it cost about $11 per person.  I'm sure I drank $11 worth of milk and OJ while we ate so it was a good deal.
4	Oh. My. Gosh.This place was awesome. Unfortunately, I wasn't hungry enough! There was a huge selection of food. So much that I couldn't fit it all on my plate. The variety of food was amazing and everything was hot and fresh. My only complaint was that this seafood stew I got had fake crab in it. How are you going to offer crab lakes and crab cakes (so you obviously have real crab on hand) and put fake crab in something? Not cool. Minus one star.The price was reasonable considering the massive selection. And if you are super hungry, you will get your $30 worth. We had a group of 10 people and still got seated quickly. Our server was great. She was fun and joked around with us, while keeping our drinks filled and the table cleared. Actually, I don't have any complaints about the service.We must have picked a good time to go (or it was a slow Friday) because the lines were short and we got in fast. We did have a little trouble finding it, as we didn't know we were looking for escalators to get down to the restaurant. Overall, a good experience and I would go back.
4	This is probably the best buffet on the strip. I really do like Carnival at the Rio which is about $5 cheaper too, but it's off strip so... there's that issue.If you're super hungry after your Fat Tuesdays, shopping, and walking loads more than you should, here's the place to settle down. The food here is excellent, there's actually real lobster in the lobster pasta! And cotton candy, and a whole arrraaaaay of desserts. I love it. I went on 2 occassions and the Mexican side wasn't open, and the Mid. Eastern stuff was nothing special, but overall, this place rocks and is a def. must for the big appetite in Vegas.
4	This is a great buffet i think it is way better compare to wynn and bellagio's buffet. So much to choose from the varieties are endless for such a reasonable price. I could not stop walking around and what should I put down on my plate. the cool thing is about this buffet its underground so that makes it up for the large room they made for the buffet.
3	To start off, this is a good buffet. You have a selection of foods from Asian, Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, American and general seafood cuisines. There is also a phenomenal crepe station where you can get crepes made for you on the spot. The usual dessert station is filled with some interesting stuff like cotton candy, little gourmet style cakes, etc. The downside is the sucky service and actually the food itself. I don't want to say its like a sizzler buffet, but a lot of the food really just didn't stand out. The cold cuts, the pastas, the tandoori chicken were all pretty decent but none were great. You've got these cultural dishes that are really no where as flavorful as they would be from an average Indian (for example) restaurant. The service wasn't super awesome either. We weren't inhaling our food but the dirty plates kept piling up higher and higher. I don't know if thats a reflection on our eating habits or on the buffet waiters. I just know I was sitting by a huge stack of dirty dishes.Overall for the price you kind of get a really good sample but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend this to anyone. it was ok.If you go, get the crepes!
2	Nothing terribly memorable about this place. I'll admit that I wasn't as hungry as I should have been, and was kinda sorta recovering from a blackout the night before...so take the rating with a grain of salt, I suppose ^_^.I got the breakfast buffet for about $15, which seems pretty standard for Vegas. Nothing really special about the buffet that I can remember, except that they had pizza, which made me really excited in the morning. Everything else was just your standard eggs, not-so-fresh bacon and sausage, hash browns, etc. I made it 3/4 through a plate before I grossed myself out, and I didn't get near my money's worth. But the service was great! My waitress gave me two big glasses of OJ so I didn't have to ask for another later hehe...very considerate. So yeah, if you're staying at the Planet Hollywood, it doesn't hurt to grab breakfast here. But I'd vie for breakfast over at Le Village Buffet in Paris instead *wink wink*
4	voted best buffet in vegas in 07 for a reason.  their selection was huge compared to the buffet at the mirage.  price was very reasonable for the different selections of food there.   if you have a sweet tooth, their dessert selection was far far better than cravings at the mirage.  you can customize your own mashed potatoes and baked potato.  you can pretty much customize any food you want here.  i ate so much here that it hurt to walk back to the hotel.
1	Buffets do not have a reputation for being the highest quality food.  It's a given.  While the buffet at Planet Hollywood has a wide variety (including a Mediterranean station) it lacks any semblance of quality and has scant offerings for vegetarians or pescetarians (people who eat fish and veggies).So, here's why it gets one star:The sushi rice was undercooked and firm.  The sushi had a rubbery texture.The shrimp tempura was crispy, yet cold.The crab legs on the self service bar were cold and could either be blanched in hot water, or taken to eat chilled at the table.  Chilled should not mean the crab legs are frozen in the center.The Asian station had absolutely no vegetarian offerings, other than the steamed (and undercooked) rice.The soups were only mediocre.The vegetables on skewers in the Mediterranean station sit on a cutting board that is shared with meat.  And the baklava was stale.  It also lacked sweetness or filling other than the phyllo dough.The Mexican station allowed you to make your own taco.  The had rice.  Can you guess...undercooked.Thankfully, we got this meal as a comp.  I wouldn't pay the hefty price tag for dinner.  I would rather go to a sit down restaurant and get quality over quantity for my dining bang.  Now...ask me about the Wynn buffet!
1	Now, it may be a little harsh to rate the Spice Market Buffet (inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel) only one star, but honestly, the standards should be raised significantly because: (1) it's $30.00, (2) it's in one of the better Vegas hotel/casinos, and (3) it's in VEGAS. Sadly, Spice Market Buffet is much more comparable to Hometown Buffet than anything else. The food was all either too tasteless, too greasy, or looked disgusting. Pretty much the only food I was even remotely satisfied with is the cocktail shrimp and King crab legs. NOTHING ELSE in the entire buffet was appetizing. Hands down one of the worst expensive buffets in Vegas. I would happily spend the extra $10-20 to go to Bellagio or Wynn's buffets.
5	I agree too! Spice Market Buffet is the best bang-for-your-buck of all the Vegas buffets. I found a $5.00 off coupon that is valid for 2009 at www.destinationcoupons.com. Here is the link to save time ...http://www.destinationcoupons.com/Nevada/Las_Vegas/spice-market-buffet/buffet.asp
5	Ohhhh! How I love this Buffet on the strip! Probably was my favorite one, I could have came here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! I can't wait to go back to vegas just so I can eat here again! We came during the dinner hour and it was busy! I can't imagine it never being busy in here because of all the variety this place has to offer from Asian to American to Middle Eastern dishes!
2	I normally don't take the time to write reviews, but this was such a rippoff I feel obligated to say something. The food was not horrible, but no where near worth $20 per person let Alone the $30 per person they were charging. The other resturaunt at Planet Hollywood were very nice but this was a waste of time, money and the chance to eat a nice meal while in Vegas.
4	This is my first Vegas buffet, how exciting! Went to the breakfast buffet this past sunday, and I was surprised to see that there was no line! I had seen other buffet lines in Vegas, and they're frightening. Selection was pretty good, there was fruit smoothies, fresh fruits, belgian waffles, corned beef, pastries, bacon, crepes, toast, bagels, omelettes, eggs, and sausage. Cost was GREAT. At $14.99, I found it to be a  complete bargain. Minus one star though, because some of the food was kind of cold and unappetizing.
3	Gotta go to a buffet when you're in Vegas! I think it's funny that Planet Hollywood calls this place the Spice Market . . . they should have changed it to the Farmer's Market or something, but whatev. Not the best buffet in Vegas, but I had my fill on my heart's content breakfast. Everything tastes good after a night out. xxx C
4	As far as buffets go this place is a solid winner.  I've been coming here for several years even before the hotel changed to PH.  Although the prices have gone up a bit, the food has stayed consistently good (buffet good that is).  The variety is not the largest but they have a good amount of tasty foods.  I would have to say that their dessert lineup is on the weaker side compared to other top notch buffet locations in Vegas.  Be sure to try their champagne brunch on the weekends! All you can drink champagne for $3 extra!
4	I never heard about Planet Hollywood's buffet but decided to give it a try since they had brunch type foods. They have different kinds of section such as Mexican/Middle Eastern/Asian/Italian/American and a dessert section.The first section I went to was the Mexican section and I built my own taco. They had carne asada and shrimp for the meats and all the other stuff you would put in a taco. Everything was very fresh and the tortillas were nice and hot. I was able to try every section except Middle Eastern because I got too excited and ate too fast and plus I'm not really a big fan. If you like Crepes/omelettes/toast/sausage and other breakfast like foods this is the place for you.Anyway like Steven said I would recommend you get the $3 unlimited champagne for your momosas. Great way to start off the day with a great buzz and a full stomach.
2	Wow. What a let down! My husband and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood hotel and they gave us coupons for the buffet. We stopped in one morning for breakfast because we'd read lots of good reviews about it...and let's just say we were seriously disappointed. And glad we used those coupons so we didn't pay full price for it!Everything - and I mean EVERYTHING - was cold!! Our first go around we loaded up with eggs, hash browns, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, etc. and not one single thing was hot. Not even warm. Cold. That is not the experience you expect when going to a buffet. We left most of that food on our plates and made a second trip to see if maybe we just needed to stir things around or pick from the bottom of the trays, try getting things from a different area - but arrived back at our table to find the second round cold as well. Boo!Highly disappointing experience, since everything tasted good - those biscuits and gravy would have been a delight - but who wants to eat cold eggs and meat for breakfast? Which left us wondering too how safe the food was if it isn't kept at a proper temperature! They had a decent selection and variety, and for the price I'm sure it would be a good value if the food was actually edible. I've had much better buffets in Vegas. Won't be going back!
4	I'll have to disagree with some of the "loose" comparisons... Let me start off by saying that I was one of the first to have ever had the pleasure to sit down at the Spice Market Buffet when it first opened under The Aladdin Casino name back in early 2001 and there is NO way you can compare this place to a "cheap buffet", even to this day under the Planet Hollywood name this place is one of the few places that I come to while visiting Las Vegas.Let's start of with the fact that this is one of the few places where you can get Jumbo King Crab Legs, not to mention that they are already cut in half. Last time I checked $5.99 Chinese buffet and Hometown Buffet didn't have King Crab ANYTHINGMy Favorites at Spice Market BuffetMiddle Eastern: Chicken, Lamb and Baklava GREAT! Along with some veggies of course!Mexican: Enchiladas are alrightItalian: Pizza... Yes you can reach further back and get the fresh pizza.Desserts and SaladI try to pick what looks good; it's a buffet... if you don't like it get up and get something else!And of course the Seafood:King Crab Legs, Jumbo Shrimp, Salmon and so on.So if you like "cheap", stick with Hometown Buffet and the local Chinese Buffet, you can't go wrong.FYI this place is for someone that likes King Crab Legs and Jumbo Shrimp. It's worth every penny... AND they finally have spoons! YES there was a time where this place did not have spoons readily available!Cheers!
4	We came to this one after hearing nice things about it and when walking onthe strip, we got a10% off coupon so I figured we should try it.It was great - my favorite is still the Wynn, but at this price point, this one rocks.  We came in at the end of breakfast (which goes until 10:30), so we had the benefit of both breakfast and weekend brunch selections.I'm surprised there were so many comments about the food being cold.  I found everything at the right temperature.  The fresh fruit crepes were okay, and I loved the waffles.  Nice selection of traditional breakfast items, an omelet station and fresh fruit for those who are trying to be healthy.For the lunch/bruch portion, there was a nice mix of meats, middle eastern food like grilled meats and veggies, tabouleh, etc... to chinese, to italian (pizzas were fresh) to mexican.  There was a mix of quality - some of the fresh items like the smoked salmon were not the best quality, and the sushi was horrid.  However, the cooked dishes were good and they had a nice selection of desserts.  The quality and dessert selection at the Wynn is much better, but you're also paying a lot more.I would deifinitely come back again.
2	Quality of the food was poor.  Lots of choices but just didn't think the food was worth the price.Think a stand-alone place is a better choice.  You'll get better quallity food & eat less.
4	A word of caution.  DON'T eat a good meal for at least 12 hours prior to going to this place :-).  I ate a good breakfast and didn't do this place justice.  A very unique concept on the strip that tries to have foods from all over.  We saw Mexican, Chinese, Middle Eastern, American, Japanese, Italian and Seafood.  The dessert station was unique.  You could have "made to order" crepes.  Oh, and the 10% coupons they give out are PER PERSON.  We made the mistake of taking just one for the group and landed up getting only 1 discount.
5	Truly enjoyed the recent Sunday brunch here.  I go for all lunch foods on these so didn't sample any breakfast fare, but everything lunch-oriented was excellent, as was the $3 bottomless champagne add-on, which most people seemed not to know about since I didn't see many partaking in it and can't imagine why.  Can't recall what I had here, but the pizza was good, guacamole first-rate in the Mexican station with some homemade chips, prime rib good, dessert very good, peeled shrimp great (not quite as good as Bellagio's, but almost), shish-kabobs tasty and unique.  With a $5 off coupon my friend found on the web, this meal with all you can take champagne was $22 which was a fine deal.  Don't understand the detractors of this place that almost made me reconsider coming back here.  Don't listen to them.
3	TIP - sign up for their players card and you will get a coupon book with $5 the buffet and other deals.  You can also find them handing out 10% coupons outside their hotel.Overall, I thought the food was pretty good.  It is nicely laid out into sections via cuisine - Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc.  I thought their seafood section was a little lacking, but they had a great stuffed sole and some large mussels.  Their kabobs are very tasty and they have a good selection of pizza and pastas in their Italian section.  For those that go to the buffet but hate buffet food (weird, I know), there is a made-to-order grill station where you can customize your own hamburger.Oh and don't forget to eat their COTTON CANDY!  Talk about sugar high...
4	Went here for dinner on a Saturday night and it was packed! My boyfriend and I felt like we were waiting in line for a club not a buffet. But it was worth the wait. We had gotten a 10% discount coupon so that lowered the price. Every little bit helps especially when we're in a recession!Overall, I think the food is pretty good for a buffet. The dessert crepes were incredible. I had strawberries with whipped cream, powdered sugar, and chocolate syrup drizzled on top. So warm & delectable! Also, the ribs were awesome. They were practically falling off the bone. Finger licking good! I enjoyed the seafood. Crab legs were delicious but a little on the cold side. Shrimp cocktail was yummy. I didn't like the sushi though. Not fresh enough for me.My man also enjoyed the seafood. He was hoping there would be more authentic dishes in the Mexican section but he liked the build-your-own tacos and their beans.Servers were very attentive. Constantly clearing our plates and refilling our drinks. It was very busy so that was impressive. I also noticed that there was a sign near the cashier that said,"Voted Best of Vegas." Yes, it's a bit pricey but it's VEGAS baby. Live a little!
4	I actually ate here twice while staying at PH.  Once for breakfast and once for dinner.Breakfast was great...I really enjoyed the huge variety of things available.  Had your typical breakfast fare of eggs, sausages, bacon, etc.  Was delighted to see some beef roast offered as well, which hit the spot early in the morning.Dinner was good and every section of the  buffet is open with food stations.  Will eat here again if I stay at PH.
3	If you strategically go at 1015, you can pay the breakfast price of $14.99, eat a bit and then get lunch. Of course, I was full by breakfast.  It's not that large and the food was decent. I liked the bacon (crispy but chewy) and the potato dishes.
3	loved everything about this buffet except the the long lines and the wait!!!!has a good choice of chinese,middle eastern,italian etc...this place can be very busy so be prepared to wait.
4	My friends and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood this past weekend and we tried out this place.  The food was very good and the price was reasonable.  Great variety and I would come here again if I were staying at the Hotel.  Good food, big selection plus good service.....that's a 4 out of 5 in my book.
3	i actually liked this buffet. probably because they were also handing out coupons on the strip. the quality of the food was decent compared to other buffets in vegas. however, i can't remember anything spectaular. you wait in line upstairs and when they allow you to go downstairs there is another line.
4	All right, so I just got back from Vegas and this is the review for the BREAKFAST BUFFET only.  I have to say, there were a variety of breakfast foods to choose from and they were just a-ok.   I am giving it 4 stars because the CREPE station was freaking awesome.  I had my doubts when I saw the already made crepes and fillings, but when they put it together, it was  fab-u-lous!  Also, the service was great.  Our waiter was very attentive!  For $15 bucks, it wasn't so bad.  If you look around, there are $5 off coupons available and you can also look online for them.  But remember to read the coupon because I brought one that was for the Planet Hollywood buffet in Caesar's Palace. So I didn't get the discount, but the $15 bucks per a person was still doable for me!
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas considering the following factors:-Quality of food-Price-Variety of cuisines-Length of wait-ServiceI wouldnt go as far as to say the food is the best here (I think Belagio and Wynn are still better), BUT no one wants to wait in line for 2 hours hung over when all you want is to get something in your stomach to absorb the 12 shots of Grey from the night before!!  If you're a trooper and are already up for drinking again...they also have a champane brunch (only $5 more than the normal brunch price of $23).I like the set up of the place.  They have stations for: Asian, Salads, Breakfast, Mexican, Middle-East, Dessert, and maybe some others.  Desert booth is by far the best IMHO.  Check this: they have cotton candy you can take to-go (at least i think you can..i did it :P).  Other desserts are scrumptous too (check out the mousse pic i posted).Other food highlights: fresh crepes, decent prime rib, smoked salmon, crab ragoon, baklava, great omelettes, hot & sour soup, variety of mousses. I'd highly recommend it if you're looking to do a buffet in Vegas :).
3	The Spice Market Buffet is located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino (formerly the Aladdin). I had very high expectations going into this place. Not only had I heard from other people that this was the best buffet in Vegas, but in front of the restaurant, there was a huge sign that said "Best Buffet of 2007."The buffet is split into different sections, such as: seafood, Asian, Mexican, etc. For those who know me, it will not surprise you to know that I went for the seafood (the expensive stuff...aka Alaskan King Crab) first.When I finally got to the seafood line, I could not believe what I saw. There was a line around 30-40 people long, waiting their turns to take MY crab. At the Bellagio, the crab was stationed in a very easy to reach setting and there was never more than a couple people waiting in line. At the Spice Market, I literally waited 15 minutes in line to get at the crabs.After I had my fill of crab that took me about a million years to get, I went to go try the other dishes. Out of everything that I tried, Jeffrey's BBQ Ribs and the kabobs impressed me the most.I tried to have a good time, but the waiting in line really spoiled it for me that evening. There are only 2 reasons people go to buffets: 1) all you can eat; 2) the instant gratification of having your food there, prepared and ready to go.I'm not saying that this was a bad experience, but for my buck, I am going back to the Bellagio to have a real Vegas buffet.
5	4.50 stars.Came here for breakfast/brunch. I don't think there's anything spicy about the food here. They have many variety of dishes (from around the world!). The food was very delicious, and the service was excellent. The atmosphere was very nice too. It was packed, but the noise level was very low. Things were spaced out well. I highly recommend this place.
3	Spice Market has your typical selections and it's priced pretty decently.  Also like others have mentioned it's not a typical 20 - 40 minute wait even at rush time.  (At the end of the day.. is the wynn worth 40 minutes of waiting, $30 head charge and the 1500 calories? prob not) I got my standard Prime Rib and then tried a little bit of the other cuisines. The mediterranean section is better at Paris Village buffet but they do have crepes to order here.  And also because it was Pacquiao fight weekend they had filipino egg rolls and tocino.  Gah .. love that!
3	Adequate food for a Las Vegas buffet.  There's certainly nothing wrong with it.  Can't compare it to the Bellagio or Wynn.  Overall pretty descent....but nothing to write home about.Typical selections and priced fairly.
3	Food was very average...Entree selection was not impressive, deserts were very good.   Ambience was low key-boring....... Not bad for the price, but not memorable...
5	"Best buffet on and off the Strip!"[First impression]Whoa.. It's big!There's so much it's hard to believe it's not $50+ per person. It was $30 the day we went which happened to be Mother's Day and we were told there were additional food that they usually don't serve which is why it cost a bit more. I believe on a typical day, it's about $20. Still, they've got all these stations with themed food such as Mediterranean, Asian, Seafood, Pizza, Salad, etc. This beats the Bellagio buffet in my book. [Suggestion]*You can ask for a half or a quarter of a waffle at the waffle station. That way you won't fill up or feel as guilty having a whole one. [Tips]*Don't forget to "tip" the table.
4	I visited this buffet place in Dec. 2006, I recall it left a good impression on me. -- this place is smaller than other buffet places on the strip, but the food selection is still enough to fill me up to the brim. Decor is decent and the pricing is very reasonable.
4	I have a new favorite buffet in Vegas.  Maybe I came in on a good day, but I don't care.  It was pretty damn good for a reasonable price.  Hands down their prime rib was off the hinges.  Probably the best I've had, especially at a buffet.  Super tender and flavorful and cooked just right.  I stuffed myself with a lot of it, even though I was full.Oh and I absolutely heart buffets that split their crab legs down the middle for you.  Cuts the mess in half and saves a lot of time.  I loved how they have hot melted butter in a little coffee dispenser looking thing.  Dessert - OMG.  They have 2 of my favorites, creme brulee and panna cotta.  Not to mention a whole lotta other kinds of things AND cotton candy!  wow.Definitely come here hungry.  There's so much to try you'll waste it all if you're just looking for a regular dinner.
4	The food was good. I was surprised that they had a variety of desserts.  i loved the grilled lamb skewers...delicious and the grilled vegetables. Yum. It is a little pricey, but what do you expect its Las Vegas.
4	too much food! we went there at 1q0:15 which meant we got breakfast and lunch for $16. it was pretty good to say the leaste. i couldnt eat it all but i got a good omlett, prime rib, waffles and breakfast smoothly. i recommend u try it out if u stay there.
4	We were originally supposed to eat at the buffet at bellagio but when we found out it was gonna be $45, we headed here instead.. I was totally BUFFADED after eating here. If you walk around in front of planet hollywood or across the street you'll probably find guys standing around handing out 10% off coupons for spice market. We were planning to eat here anyway and we just happened to pass by the guy on our way there so we swooped on some coupons to get our 10% off! I think we paid about $35 for the dinner.. thats including automatic gratuity because i was with a group of 10. They have all sorts of stations of food, most of which was pretty good. The dessert station is pretty awesome. They have cotton candy and they make dessert crepes. Yummm!!! Even though I went into food coma after, I enjoyed it here =)
2	The spice market buffet is not the best. I'm not sure how they are #1 as they claim. It is average at best. Food is okay.  I was only there for lunch. So lunch sucks.Maybe dinner is better.
3	I'm knocking off a star, they took out like one-fourth of the buffet! The Mexican station and full salad bar are gone. Not cool, I loved the Mexican food station!That being said, their crab legs and drawn butter are excellent, the butter is hot when poured out of the liquid dispenser. Their deserts are awesome-they still have cotton candy!! Their creme brulee is amazing, I could have licked the dish.
5	The buffet here probably tops my list of best buffets in Las Vegas. They have such a huge variety of food prepared. My favorites are always the snow crab, prime rib, and the great assortment of different desserts. Brownie points for a having a crepe maker and not being ridiculously overpriced like some 5 star hotel buffets. I like how here they have foods from different parts of the world. I know most buffets do this too, but here they really have quite the selection. When I'm here I always want to stay the whole day so I can keep eating!
2	I'm not sure why people review this place so highly. I went here for brunch and it was $50 for me and my girl. I feel kind of ripped off. The food was so-so, nothing to go home and tell people about. I was not impressed; I would not come back. The buffet in the Monte Carlo is half the price, with a better atmosphere and a largervariety of better-tasting food.
3	The signs say it's the best buffet in Vegas, but my girlfriend and I weren't overwhelmed by the two breakfasts we had at the Spice Market. The food and service were alright, nothing more (the scrambled eggs were runny, for example). It helped that we received a $5 off coupon upon check-in at Planet Hollywood (coupons are also available online). It is a cute touch to have framed posters from movies involving food all around.
3	The price of this buffet is a lot more appealing than some of the other buffets, but while you leave somewhat satisfied... the food doesn't knock off your socks.I came here for brunch and was looking forward to the variety. Sadly, the food had me wondering what the hype was all about, and it's kind of a shame because I like what PH has done with the rest of the place...The labels were pretty useful, I'll give them that. Everything was just really so-so, and even fun things like seafood were disappointing. The better section was probably the Mexican food. They have all the staples, but just fall really on the mediocre side in terms of quality.The cotton candy is a lot of fun, so are the different desserts, but I wouldn't run back here for that.Since going to Vegas is usually a vacation of some sort, I always figure I might as well budget a buffet like Rio or Paris. To eat here again, I'd need it paid for or super discounted. Bottomline: Move along... nothing much to see here.
3	More like 3.5 stars since I'm a picky eater.So since I stayed at Planet Hollywood for my recent Vegas trip, I decided to check this place out and I was also suckered in by the "Best Buffet In Vegas" signs they promote all over the hotel. I came here for the dinner and was immediately bummed out that they gave out coupons for this place! So yeah I was stuck paying full price for not doing my homework. Back to me being a picky eater, that's a problem with me at buffet's is that I don't feel I get all my moneys worth for all the food they have. But this place still had just enough variety for me that night...-Pizza (pretty good for buffet standards)-Garlic Breadsticks (crack!!! Reminded me a lot of Little Caesars  Crazy Bread)-Stromboli (would've been better if it wasn't so cold and dried out)-Prime Rib (ehhh, ok at best)-Ribs (highlight of the night! I dont care what anyone says, loved them. I came back for 2nd's and 3rd's while cutting anyone ahead of me in line)-Dessert Station (also good, cream puffs, carrot cake, cotton candy, cookies were all on point)If you're not a picky eater like me then you'll get more than your moneys worth in my opinion. Even better if you find that coupon I missed out on.
4	You just have to go to a buffet when you're in Vegas right? It's like a right of passage along with drinking all day long and partying all night long. Essentially chose this one because it was conveniently located where we were staying = lazy hungry girls go to the closest place. What you ought to do is snag some 10% coupons they hand out for this place. It's not exactly super cheap but I think the whole "all-you-can-eat" aspect and the large amount of choices make it a solid choice. We actually made it our one of two meals that day so it averages out in terms of price. On to the food. They have a kind of "world" theme going with selections from "Italy" "Asia" "Middle East" and "Mexico" along with standard seafood and American stuff. Clearly it's  nothing super authentic  but you have a lot of options. Desserts are really diverse from tarts to soft serve to cotton candy (probably a huge hit with kids)!My favorites: shrimp cocktail, mashed potatoes, all the fruit (very fresh), BACON, lobster pasta, crab salad,  bbq pork buns, and the prime rib. Things that were not so good: The guacamole was pretty gross. It was brownish and way too lemon-y tasting and actually most things from the Mexican area were just not good at all. Scrambled eggs were a little runny that day and I think the pizza tastes like something from an elementary school cafeteria. Of course this is all my opinion, I certainly didn't try everything (though I put in a good effort) and they have a lot of variety that is sure to please every palate. I think I was most impressed with the Middle Eastern section which was surprisingly good and certainly unusual at a buffet. "Italian" stuff is mostly pasta and pizza, don't expect anything fancy. You will stuff your face here and they are pretty nice about letting you hang around for a couple of hours while you eat, rest, and then eat some more. Waiters bring you drinks and overall it's an OK place to linger if a bit cold (bring something if you plan on having a 4 hour feast as I got pretty cold).
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far.  I like it because it has wide spread of food from all different parts of the world.  There are counters with Seafood, Asian food, Mexican food, Italian food, American food, Soups, Salads, Middle Eastern food, and of course a dessert counter.My favorite was the seafood area.  I liked the Baja Shrimp Salad and the Crab Stuffed Sole.  There was also an interesting Seafood Enchilada.  I was happy to find that they had Middle Eastern food, which is not common in buffets.  I tried the Tandoori chicken and it had good flavor (but a little dry).My friend said the Kung Pao Chicken from the Asian food area was really good (I didn't try it because I can't eat spicy food).  I liked the little baked char siu pork buns.  The Crab Rangoons were way too salty though.  The Egg Drop Soup was good, but it's hard to go wrong with that.  The Italian spread wasn't anything special, but it was edible.  The dessert bar had plenty to choose from and I had three or four different desserts that I really liked (flan, ice cream, cookies).I've been here twice and I loved it both times.  I definitely recommend it!
2	The buffet is barely OK. Nice decor and space. Different stations but the only thing I really liked was the teriyaki chicken. Everything else was mediocre. Crab legs, watery; meats, flavorless, and Mexican, horrendous. Service was decent. The damn thing is we had coupons and it was still pricey for a buffet. If you can, I try somewhere else.
2	I really liked the use of space and decorations.I also like the coupon that they give. I did not like the mediocre food. However, it IS a buffet and I did not expect too much from it.
2	Had been here before about 4 years ago and loved it.  Was just there last week and was really disappointed!!  No mexican, no chocolate covered strawberries and I also thought they were supposed to have a chocolate fountain.  The crab legs are okay but they are served cold and split which sounds like they would be easy to eat but in reality you get bits of shell and cartlidge and not much crab.  There were four of us and we had 2 coupons for $50 off total and the bill was still $75.00.  Definitely not a $125.00 buffet.  I think it is funny that people go on and on about the cotton candy, that is about the cheapest thing you can make and cotton candy on a buffet????
1	This place sucks worse than a girl who talks dirty to you and then gives you blue balls.No spice, no pleasure, no good. Now go home and put on the movie "Insatiable!"
2	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 6 of many reviewsWhere to eat where to eat? I remember back in the day that this used to be reputedly the best buffet in Vegas.... hmmmmmmPeople wake me up to head downstairs for some grub... a lil too much grub. I finally realized why I gave up buffets in the first place.. i can't stop knowing that there's more and more for the taking. Grant it there is a lot of food... enough food for days of binging. They got asian, mexican, italian, and then some. Looks like one of the the boats off of Dangerous Catch off loaded here. But honestly, i wasn't that excited by it all. Nothing really grabbed me by the taste buds and kicked me in the face. I am much more about quality than quantity... most of the time that is. The most appetizing item in the whole place walked out as i walked in wearing next to nothing in 2 inch stilletos. *sigh of resignationo_0
3	Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed myself here and I f-ing love Planet Hollywood, but the buffet really didn't blow me away. They had a wide selection and the the price is pretty reasonable ($30 for dinner?) but I was slightly disappointed with the quality of the food. Again, I realize that they have to mass produce it to keep up with such a high turn over rate but a lot can be said for a really awesome sauce or some rarely seen dessert. Decor could use some work. All in all, I wasn't sick at the end of the meal and I left happy and full, and that's all that counts, right?
4	Grab a seat, order your drink, and go straight for a plate of crab and a plate of peeled shrimp, cocktail sauce, lemon and butter. Sit, eat. Order a refill for your drink. Next, go to the chinese section fill up half a plate and go to the Middle Eastern section hook yourself up with the tandoori chicken and curry chicken. Find your table again, eat. Next order is your hot drink of choice (coffee or tea) grab the cheesecake and a apple cherry chocolate crepe. Enjoy your dessert. And before you leave grab a couple of cotton candy! Then leave..thats all thats worth it at this buffet.Rewind,1. crab2. shrimp3. chinese food4. tandoori chicken, curry chicken5. cheesecake, crepe, cotton candy6. 2 fingers up like a buffet pimp!!!
3	When I ate here a couple years ago I thought it was the best thing since sliced bread.  Well it's either gone downhill since then or my buffet standards have been raised.  I wouldn't say that it's a bad buffet but for the price I think you can get much better.  The good: tandoori lamb, stuffed sole, and lobster pasta.  The bad: calzone, hummus, and sushi.The ugly: I could not find a dessert that I wanted to take more than one bite of and trust me I tried a few.  Cannoli's, cream puff, tiramisu....all were flavorless with odd textures.Luckily I had a good coupon for the buffet so it was about half price, had I paid full price I would have been really disappointed.
4	We went to this buffet on our first night in Davis and it was pretty good, in fact, we came away impressed. But once we had eaten at the Bellagio Buffet, Le Village Buffet and Carnival Buffet, this one rates lowest on the chain.We were lucky enough to have a $5 off/person coupon which saved a bit as it was a little pricey for dinner.  They do have foods from all over the world, which was nice. Their Asian foods were decent and my husband liked the crab legs. The guy on the table next to us got up a total of 7 times to refill his plate of crab legs, and that was just while we were sitting there! We arrived after him and left before him!The highlight for my husband was the cotton candy!
2	Carnival Buffet at Rio got three stars from me, this one is receiving 2 stars.  the set up of the buffet, downstairs with a max cap of 1200 is awesome but the food was not that great.  $20ppl (that's with a 10% coupon) too was a little steep.  there is not a big selection of food.  and this is from comparing it to the Rio's buffet.it seems like they consolidated their buffet as the right end of it had nothing there on a saturday afternoon.it was OK but i rather pay for additional cab fare to go to the Bellagio or Rio for their buffet.
4	I really only eat here for the crab legs, so if you're not a fan of those, read some other review because I haven't tried much of anything else. Dinner is $28.99 and the king crab legs are cut lengthwise for easy access to the meat. I didn't see them on the menu for lunch. It's totally worth the extra $5 or whatever compared to the Rio's buffet with smaller snow crab that you have to crack open the hard way.
4	THE +'s: love the variety. fluffy cha siu bao. make your own burrito! more than just two types of soup. decent prime rib. omg cotton candy. friendly attentive servers. reasonable price per person (about 30 for dinner).THE -'s: better than average buffet flavors but still, just a buffet. the entire dining area is below street level so it's kinda dark and yellowy due to the lighting. a family place -- so get ready to see lots and lots and lots of kids.SUM: one of my top two vegas buffets. plain, unpretentious vegas buffet fun. if you haven't heard of such a thing, you should check this place out.
5	I personally feel this is really the best buffet in Vegas that I've been to so far.There's a bit of everything and the dessert station is definitely the highlight. So many choices...a cotton candy machine, fresh crepes, ice cream, lots of cake, etc.Service is usually good. Servers lag on drink orders at times, but overall it's alright.The line for the buffet can be a pain at times, mainly Friday and weekend nights, but I'm sure that's standard with all Vegas buffets.
4	This place is great. Wide variety of food and friendly service. I ate here for lunch and dinner. I got a little bit of everything and loved it. My fiance ate them out in crab legs. The price is reasonable for Vegas and you don't have to worry about getting sick. Defiantly worth a try.
2	My bf and I wanted to eat at the buffet at Ceaser's but his friends wanted to come here so we ended up here . This buffet is pretty pricey .. around $30 per person . There's all kinds of food - Mexican , Italian , Chinese , Soups , Salads , Seafood , Desserts , American , Mediterranean . Of course , the most expensive and worthwhile is the seafood so of course you would load up on seafood . However , there is a long line and a very little and poor selection of seafood . The American and dessert selection wasn't that great . The Italian selection was pretty good though . The food was decent , but not that great . I don't think it's worth your money . There was a bald waiter that worked here that my bf and I thought was very friendly .. he kept smiling and was very attentive even when he was busy while the rest of the waiters and waitresses were not .
4	This is one of my favorite buffets in vegas. It's an international foods buffet. It has almost every ethnic foods you could imagine. The dessert selection is wonderful. Price is fair. Service is good. I love this place!
2	I walked into this place and had a sense of de javu.  It was a standard buffet with all the little stations with food from around the world.  There wasn't a long wait, which I took to be a good thing, but I should have seen it as a sign.The buffet was over priced, the food was only okay, and the service was terrible.  Our waitress never checked on us again after she dumped our orange juices on the table.  I found out that my feeling of de javu was because I've actually been to this buffet before, but it was when it was at the Aladdin.  They simply transferred it to Planet Hollywood.  There was a reason why there was no line for this buffet.  It sucked.  I can't believe I wasted by Sunday Brunch here.
2	Ok, here is the truth. This place is about the same price as the Bellagio Buffet (which is now my standard for all buffets) and the quality was like Old Country Buffet. The variety was lacking, the service was non existant and the food tasted bad. The only thing that gave this two stars was the crepes. We didn't have to pay since it was comped and even then I wouldn't go again. GROSS!!!
4	Very, very good buffet for the price.  Such a variety of food!  We went on a Friday for lunch and the offerings were quite impressive.  Sure, there were probably a few misses here or there, but in general the quality of food was very good for a buffet.  There certainly was way too much to try.  This is certainly not one of the cheaper buffets, but you get your money's worth in food.  We especially liked the Middle Eastern section (try the Persian figs, delicious!).
4	Wow, this is definitely a solid 4. Came here for the brunch but decided to forego the champagne this time. Contrary to other's comments, this is not the same price as the Bellagio buffet. I ate there the night before and it was $36. This was $22. Granted it was brunch, but it only gets up to about $27 at dinner I believe. Nevertheless, the brunch was well worth the money. It was not as elegant as the Bellagio which is my fave, but the variety was great and the flavors were on point. They have differen ethnic stations and blah, blah, blah. They had some fun seafood options, the desserts were surprisingly decent even though they didn't look it. All in all, I will definitely be back here because they have great variety and we can't afford to spend $70 on buffets and wait in line for an hour to get in. Sorry Bellagio, you're still my fave, but I'll have to come back when the line finally dies down.
4	I really like this buffet! We went straight to the seafood section! I was ecstatic to see that their King Alaskan Crab were already cracked and ready for you! It was so good, I think that was the best dish there. I had seriously 3-4 plates of food, with crab cakes, salmon, chicken and lamb shiskabobs(they were okay), hummus and pita (Stay away) dolmas, sushi, won tons(really yummy), dim sum(yummy, too!), plus 2 plates of dessert. I especially loved their chocolate covered strawberries. I didn't eat the meat, the steak, but the bf did and said it wasn't that good. Overall, I would come back here, but a lot hungrier. We had a HUGE nasty strawberry daquiri on our way to Planet Hollywood which filled up our bellies. Wish I was hungrier, but hey, that didn't stop me from eating like a horse! (As always =P)
4	Crab legs! So expensive! Lots to choose from! Mexican food was not available! Chocolate covered strawberries! Fruit tart! Crepes! Mmm!
3	Probably about a 3.5 star rating, but I just can't give it 4 because of how ill I was the next day.  Like, unreasonably ill.  I mean, it was my first night in Vegas that trip and I partied well beyond sunrise, so I can't totally blame it on the buffet, but I've never felt that ill and ditched out on the whole next night to stay in the hotel room and sleep.  I pride myself on being a trooper - and it just wasn't happening.  The food had to have *something* to do with it.Anyhoo, we were trying to find dinner and finally settled here after getting the players club discount.  We were sat promptly, and got drinks right away, and they were refilled quickly (even though the boys drank about 12 ice teas each).  Highlights: the seafood was pretty good, the deserts were EXCELLENT, it was unique to have a whole middle eastern section (although it did lack some of the spice I would have liked, I realize I am at a buffet), the asian mixed veggies were delish, and the lobster pasta was YUM.  Everything else was adequate, but pretty much  forgettable.  The salad bar area was sort of disappointing, there wasn't much in the way of toppings.All in all, I was perfectly happy with what I paid for what I got.  Although I wonder if the next day would have been different if we would have eaten elsewhere...
3	I had lunch here with several friends on Saturday.Buffet: 3/5 - It's not bad, but there are other buffets that have a better selection and higher quality food.Service: 4/5 - The waitress was chipper.The $24.95 lunch buffet is a decent value with average food.
3	I've eaten here a few times, including my first visit to Vegas 5 years ago, and I think it's gone downhill a bit (maybe since Sheraton took over?).  Because I was staying in Planet Hollywood, and I'm lazy, I ate here for dinner and then again for breakfast.At dinner, some of the food was pretty good, like the tandoori chicken, seafood enchiladas, and the barbecue ribs, but most of it was just ok.  The service was decent, but that changed the next day.At breakfast, food again was mixed quality.  The tri-tip steak was delicious, potatoes were good, fruit was decent, most the other stuff (eggs, pastries etc.) was ok.  But the service was fucking awful; we waited about 10 minutes before our server took our order, and when I needed a refill it took a good 15 minutes before our server came by.  And when my friend asked him to replace her OJ because it was super watery, he gave us attitude and told us there was fresh-squeezed OJ at the buffet (which was not true).  He was a dick, and for maybe the first time ever i didn't leave a tip at all.Spice Market used to regularly top the list of Vegas buffets, but either it's gone downhill or my expectations were too high.  It's still decent but I won't be back for awhile.
2	I've eaten here twice, and I think brunch was much better than lunch. The high light for me was the made to order waffles and omelets during brunch, everything else was mediocre at best, the Chinese food section needed much improvements especially. You can get 20% off if you sign up for their a-list club card. But for the prices, I would suggest you going to somewhere else~ like the Bellagio, or South Point for around $10.
3	This place is different, to get to the buffet you would need to go down the escalator. The service was like any other buffet quick and casual. This place is pretty cool b/c they have asian, mexican, italian, seafood, american, desserts, and middle eastern to select from. The buffet was about 20 bux a person.
5	I ate here twice, once for lunch and for dinner. I thought the food was excellent. There was top notch pizza, a Middle Eastern section with very good tandoori chicken, lamb and even baklava for dessert. The Mexican station was closed when I visited. The food was all fresh tasting, the plates were warmed and service was good. Three thumbs up.
3	Below average in terms of LV standards. Go to Bellagio. It may be a bit more expensive but the quality of the food is better there. This place made me regret wasting my calories on the gross food. No wonder there was no line.
2	I read somewhere that this buffet was just as good as the Wynn, Bellagio, Rio, in fact it won some award on year for being a damn good buffet. Course it was 1 year, and the rio has won consistently. I went there for breakfast on my last day in Vegas. How do I put this? The eggs in their eggs benedict were fried where the yolk was solid, they had corn beef hash that was dry. The orange juice i had ordered was completely watered down. When I went to the buffet to get a smoothie they had actual real orange juice there. wtf? You mean I have to go to the buffet to get real orange juice. And they didn't have a selection of fresh fruit.Their pastries from P.F. Changs should have been left at the door. P.F. Changs i have a bone to pick with you, but that's later. The only thing good there was their oatmeal. And its hard to mess that up. The baked oatmeal was good too. I'd pass on this buffet as the quality of it just ain't that great.
3	The Spice Market Buffet was all right.  It had several stations - seafood, salad, soup, Italian, Chinese, American, Mexican, Middle-Eastern, and Dessert.Highlights:  Chicken curry with basmati rice (East Indian) - delicious and spicyChile Rellenos (Mexican) - hot!!Prime Rib - rare - yum!Wait staff - could be better.  Not as attentive.
3	Decent buffet for a decent price.  There's a fair amount of variety including middle eastern and Mediterranean specialties.  Listen, they don't have the gobs of seafood and sushi like some other places, but if you're looking for a moderately priced buffet, this is a good choice.
3	Save your money and go to a different buffet. Prices have increased, and everytime my friends and I go we realize it just wasn't worth it. Food is mediocre at best, with a few items that taste above average, but just a few. It's one of those place where you fill up your plate to the top, and don't eat half of it. Ambiance was nothing special and very crowded; felt like I was being herded. I'm not even joking they put something in their food that makes you full very quickly..no joke. I went with almost 10 of my friends and we skipped on lunch and came at about 5pm and were all completely famished, and ready to go for the attack!No one ate that much..no one! We even had a 300lb guy with us promising to make the buffet regret him entrance, and he ate only moderately. For paying about $25-$30 with a wait, I just expect more, especially considering I have to get up a bunch of times because their plates are so small to get food. On a plus note, the location is very convenient and the selection is very broad. I would have preferred to see a smaller selection with better quality, so people would actually eat the food on their plates.
4	This is pretty good buffet and doesn't get the recognition it deserves. They advertise that they were voted the #1 buffet in Vegas a few years back but most of my friends never think about going to Planet Hollywood to eat the buffet. They have fairly decent selection and the quality is higher than Rio's but a notch below Bellagio or Wynn.Nice Middle Eastern selection, frozen custard, and king crab legs for dinner!
1	I was really expecting more from this place. I mean, the entrance was nice and the service wasn't bad either! It's just that.... the food was , gross. I mean, I've had waaaaaaay better. Even ihop makes the cut of being better. The Spice Market is kind of messy and well, I don't know. I really don't like it. I hate the concept of toasting your own piece of bread at a buffet.
3	Yes it is huge, yes it is located inside the beautiful Planet Hollywood casino, and yes the line is incredibly long... meh.We got here around 11:30 and managed to only wait for about :30, the poor bastards we saw waiting when we left must have had a 2hr wait ahead of them!!!The food is good, and the choices are many, but for $25 I think I can do better in freaking Las Vegas! This was an interesting experience, and may be worth trying out once... I will not be back.
1	The Food here is not any better than the other Buffets in Vegas. But they run a ridiculous system here. They close down the buffet between meals. On the day of my visit, We where outside lining up to get in. I saw no signs that they close between meals. No staff to attend to customers. Only an enclosure placed in front of the escalator.We where the first few people in front of the line for we arrived 9 45 am. By 10:30 a cashier came up taking customers. So we paid for the meal hoping we going to have lunch soon.To my surprice another line was being formed downstairs. No one was seating the customers. So we had to wait another 30 min to get to our tables. This is truly stupid coz lunch is more expensive than breakfast. There is no point of making people wait if they have paid for lunch during breakfast hour.I asked the server why such a system. She told me that employees takes there break during these times. In other words, the buffet is understaff.I tell you the food is no better than any great Vegas buffet. Go somewhere else. Its not worth the wait.
3	"The Spice Market" was on our second day, because my friend Jerad wouldn't shut-up about it, and im glad that he didn't! the food was good, and my two stand outs were:The sausage & peppers which tasted like i was eating back home in Little Italy in N.Y.C.They had a pork tenderloin with glazed apple sauce & apple inside, i hate to admit it but i wen up for thirds.
2	We had to wait about an hour for the dinner line to start rolling - NOT FUN. You line up; pay; go down some stairs; line up again; wait for waitress to bring you to your table.. then finally get food only to find yourself lining up again.  Cost for two people was $50 after a $5 off coupon per person.  Food was mediocre, nothing that tasteful.At first glance, there seems to be a lot of variety but nothing really stood out. The king crab legs were good but the line for it was ridiculously long. Some of the things I remembered:- Soup: too salty- shrimp tempura: too much of the crunchy flour part compared to the tiny shrimp in it (think about how much oil that thing absorbs)- kung pao chicken: tooooo salty- salmon: DO NOT TOUCH; being a salmon lover, I should have know better than tried "soy sauce salmon".. wtf was I thinking?....After two plates and a few desserts, I gave up. Thank god for good company or else it would have been 1 star.  Maybe I'll try one of those more expensive, 3+ hour wait buffets next time.
1	I can't believe how awful this buffet was. You'd think that since you have to wait 40 minutes to be seated that it would be incredible. We had a party of over 8 so with gratuity added we each paid $42. The service was good but the food was horrible. Most of the food didn't have flavor, and what had flavor was just bad. The things they didn't cook were good; shrimp cocktail, sushi (little variety), cantaloupe, water, cotton candy. Do not waste your money here. The $8.99 prime rib dinner at the Main Street Station downtown was twenty times better.
4	This is still a good buffet, but I can't help but feel a bit disapointed with my most recent visit. Last time I came to Vegas, spice market was my favorite buffet hands down, but it just didn't wow me like it did last time. On the plus side, the wait was much much shorter. Last time I came here the line stretched out all the way upstairs into the casino but this time the wait was only about 20 minutes, and would have been less if not for an extremely large party ahead of us causing a logjam.The food here was good for the most part, but the prime rib was the worst I had on my trip to Vegas. On the plus side, they have a great selection of various ethnic foods to go along with the typical fare. I didn't have too much of the seafood since there was a long line there, but the crab leg meat fell apart too easily. The desserts were a bit strange. Instead of the cutesy artistic and small portions the other buffets I went to serve, spice market desserts were very traditional and in ordinary slices. This was actually a downside for me, as I don't necessarily want so much dessert, I just wanted to try them all. At least they tasted good.
4	For $14.99 for a breakfast buffet, this place was a great deal for the quality! And they had everything.  On top of that, it was an even better deal since we had a $25 voucher from the hotel.  They had everything from eggs any way you want them to french crepes.  Except the French crepes were filled with a lot of preservatives. :(  There were sausages, oatmeal, smoothies, bagels, fruits, pastries, ham, potatoes and more!! I wish I was able to eat a lot more physically.
3	Dinner buffet here was nothing special but nothing bad either. There were plenty of people handing out coupons so I guess they may be having trouble getting people into the buffet. There was a lot of variety, but nothing special that made this place stand out over any other buffet. I dont think there was any one dish i can remember other than dessert that anyone out of my group really enjoyed.
3	The last time I was at Spice market Buffet was when the hotel was still Aladdin. That was my first and last time visiting the Spice Market Buffet. Came back here this past sunday and give it another try since it's now Planet Hollywood. $23 pp for brunch (champagne not included, you'll have to add $3 for unlimited champagne).The food is okay - just very typical buffet food. nothing that was amazing. You'll find mid-eastern, asian, mexican, american and italian  cuisines. there was no line when we got there since it was 1130am so that was a plus. I wouldnt mind coming back to this place but it's definitely not my first choice. The atmosphere / ambiance is alright. It's comfortable. the servers are  quick and friendly.
4	We had a great experience at Spice Market Buffet. No line when we arrived around 1pm on a Monday.The place is setup as a "tour around the world" type of buffet, with a station for American, Middle Eastern, Mexican (closed when I was there), Italian, Seafood, Asian, Desserts and maybe more.Tons of options for vegetarians! The Middle Eastern area had some great stuff, I dug the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese from American and the garlic butter linguini was a winner on the Italian side.
5	I had a great experience at the Spice Market.  We went to dinner and had to stand in line for 30 min but it was worth the wait!  Once we were seated and got to the buffet there was a large selection of food.  The buffet was super clean and the wait staff was helpful.  The price for Dinner is around $30.00 and you can find coupons in and around Vegas.  I would recommend this buffet to anyone who visits Vegas.
4	*My Personal Opinion*What trip to Vegas would be complete without taking a journey through one of  the many gluttonous buffets? My friends and I decided to go to the Spice Market Buffet for dinner. With a $30-ish price tag it was like most other buffets on the strip. They had their layout with different stations. On the left side of the buffet they had the seafood station, next to it was the Italian section, followed by the Asian section, then the American Section, the dessert section the Middle Eastern, and then the Mexican section. Next to the Mexican station was the salad bar, but twas closed. I highly doubt anyone was disappointed at that.....cuz if you were.......In between the stations were soup stations, but I mainly stuck to the previous stations. The food was good, and they surprisingly had a decent variety amongst each station. The seafood station had crab legs for lazy people, and by lazy I mean they were already cut in half for you. What really won me over was the fact that they had shrimp tempura, and not a tempura mix. I'm a fan of vegetable tempura, but the fact that they had an entire tray full of shrimp tempura was awesome. Now you won't have to deal with people that just jack the shrimp and leave nothing but vegetables. When I went to the Middle Eastern section I got lamb. the lamb was a tad dry, but it was still good. I think when we were sat, the staff looked at us and thought "I think it's best if we sit them next to the dessert station. Just look at them...." I couldn't agree more. They had a chef that made crepes, just for you. But what won me over was that they had creme brulee, and carrot cake. I'm a sucker for carrot cake. Twas a good experience, and the next time we go to Vegas this place will be brought up as an option again.
2	Meh, I've certainly have had better. Maybe its the seafood lover in me, but I wasn't terribly impressed. Sure they had a lot of categories of food, but I felt like some of it was a joke. I mean.. under "Asian" it was some basic chow mein, broccoli and beef, fake looking shumai. I think I could get better "asian" food at panda express (no offense to the chefs). Also, sushi was......meh. The only thing that had fish in it was I believe the tuna rolls. The dessert was okay - I definitely did like the fact that I could order a made-to-order crepe. The banana foster + rum + strawberries is quite a good combo, so if you do go order this. The tarts had too hard of a crust, the canolli's were old (shell soggy), and I think I saw a little fly buzzing around. There is a $5 off coupon floating around online - so look for that if you plan on going, otherwise save the $30 and spend it somewhere else.
4	It was our last morning after staying at the new Planet Hollywood Westgate Tower Suites and I was a little skeptical after seeing the $30 per person price tag.  I had already blown a lot of money  (w/out ever touching a slot machine or a table) and I wanted to make sure that this place was worth it.  The place was packed and sitting next to us were the entire Miss America Pageant contestants.  I'm not sure how relevant this observation was, but it was nice to see some eye candy, along with poke fun at how it must be some competition to see how little they could eat. As with most buffets, the food seemed to go on forever.  I did the smart thing and walked all the way down, taking key notes on everything that caught my eye.  Omelette station?  Yes.  Flaming Crepes?  Yum.   Tempura Shrimp?  Hell yes I was going to stop by there.  Omelette's are great at any time of the day and I was not disappointed with this one.  The bell peppers, mushrooms, olives, tomatoes and melted cheese were folded in perfectly and tasted oh so good.  I tried keeping the carbs down to a minimum here since I wanted to try a little bit of everything.  I stopped over to grab some Tempura Shrimp and since my stomach was grumbling by now,  I picked one off my plate and took a little bite.  Did I say little bite?  Well, one bite turned into 3 killed Shrimp.  They were done before I made the long walk back down to my table.  Along the way, I grabbed some cod stuffed with crab and some fried wontons.  First plate was a success!!  I know some of you have to feel me on this when you go to a buffet and the first round picks always don't make it to the finals.  Not in this case.  Everything on my plate (even tho I didn't wipe it clean) was good!  I was also introduced to some Middle Eastern food when my sis forked me over some awesome tasting hummus into my mouth.  I'm not a big hummus eater and this was something that I could see myself having in my fridge.  Miraculously, I did *not* touch the desert station because I was so full from having a fresh strawberry filled crepe.. I do have to say that seeing this crepe made with the alcohol flames was quite the spectacle.  The whipped cream on this baby was *fresh*,  not the store bought kind).  And the drizzle of chocolate was definitely not Hershey's.. My only regret was that I wish I came with a bigger appetite.  Having gotten completely wasted into the wee hours of the morning, my stomach could only take so much.  I would definitely recommend this place after going here.  But, I'd be lying to say that I would come back.  This is Vegas and there are way too many places that I'd like to try (like the Wynn Buffett)!  before making my way back.
1	We ate a couple of times back when the hotel was still the Aladdin. At that time the Spice Market Buffet was absolutely delicious. They served all kinds of seafood and the "foreign" dishes were top knotch, especially the Middle Eastern specialities. The Sunday champagne brunch was a great deal, lots of champange freely flowing throughout the meal.Fast forward to today and the Spice Market Buffet is a shadow of its former self. Less food choices and what they do offer is of a quality that you would find at say a Denny's or IHOP. Weekday lunch was $20.00pp and it was truly one of the worst meals I have ever eaten.Really bummed since the buffets in Vegas were something to really enjoy, now it's more about overcharging for disgusting food.
2	The pork ribs looked good but tasted pretty bad; bad BBQ sauce.  The rest of the offerings were common and very forgettable, not worth the $50+ for the two of us.  Instead, cross the street and try the Bellagio, can't go wrong, 5 star buffet.
3	Planet Hollywood guests get $5 dollar off coupons to the Spice Market buffet, so how could we resist!! We went during brunch time and our meal came out to less than 20 bucks! Pretty cheap compared to other buffets on the strip. Although the price didnt come with bottomless mimosas. What I like best about the Spice Market is the Middle Eastern section! The chicken tandor, naan, hummus, etc was great! The chicken wasnt even dry. During brunch they also had made to order omelet's! So delish and you can get whatever you want on them. Down the way they have the normal buffet food, rib eye, mexican, italian, chinese, nothing that stood out. I was disappointed when I didnt see crab legs!! I crave for crab legs in any buffet! The seafood section wasnt to grand. Although they have serve tempura shrimp steaming hot out of the fryer. The cocktail shrimp was good and they come already peeled and.The DESSERT! They had everything from soft served ice cream, cotton candy, flan, bread pudding, red velvet cake, carrot cake, chocolate cake, tarts etc!! They have made to order crepes ( but the crepes are pre made and not freshly cooked!!)The wait is not the long compared to other buffets food is good and the waiters are so friendly! Highly recommend to try the middle eastern food and dessert section!
4	Another great Vegas buffet, with a worldly twist.I love the theme here, all regions of the world have their own section of the buffet, with many dishes representing each region, including the sea. The indian section is gross, the Italian is great, Seafood is great, Mexican is OK. Just a fun buffet, and you'll definitely leave content.
3	We went for Brunch this past Sunday.  After hearing the hype about the place, I was actually looking forward to it.  Maybe I'm just not a buffet fan... who knows... but I was not too impressed.First off, I was really looking forward to the breakfast items (nothing like bacon and eggs and shaking off a hangover).  I went right for the eggs benedict, my favorite.  They looked perfect, until I cut in at least.  Cooked through... no yolk.  WTF?!  This is a brunch staple here!  So, I got some more to try again... no dice... I could have broken a window with the yolk.  Oh well...the bacon was cooked right at least!Middle Eastern and Sushi are my favorite foods, so I was pysched to see they had both.  The Middle Eastern section was very good.  The meats, grape leaves and hummus all were great.  The sushi was OK.  Nothing fancy, just the basic 3 rolls, but they satisfied my craving for raw fish in the morning at least.I did not try too much otherwise... I think the overcooked eggs just pissed me the hell off and I lost my will to consume 4X my daily recommended intake of food in one sitting.  As far as service, it was very attentive at least, and the atmostphere was what you would expect for a buffet.  But, as far as being the "Best in Las Vegas", I would HATE to see what the others are like!  I went to the one at Wynn a couple times in the past, and I would rate that MUCH higher than this!
4	So I went here not really expecting the best. I am a big buffet guy, and I really know what is a good or bad buffet. Last time I went to Vegas for a buffet, I went to the Wynn Buffet. I honestly thought it was the best buffet in  Vegas, I still think it is, but for $15 cheaper, I rather do the Spice Market Buffet. Same quality, cheaper price. My favorites at the Spice Market Buffet included the Alaskan Crab legs, the Prime Rib, the boned Short Rib, the Beef Kabob. As you can tell, I love meat. Any meat that was served at this buffet was well prepared because after a week, I can still taste the juiciness of the Prime Rib. I am also a big fan of the Desserts of this buffet. There was this raspberry cheesecake that made me go back for not once, twice...I honestly went back for fourths. THEY HAD A COTTON CANDY MACHINE! That was a first for all the buffets I have been to. So all in all this buffet was perfect from the multiple arrangements and options. They had Mexican, Italian, Seafood, Middle Eastern, Asian, you name it, they have it. The only reason I am not giving it a perfect 5-Star rating is because it was not like I saw a Shark Tank or had 5-Star furniture. Nonetheless, I came there to eat, and eat I got.
4	Mediterranian food too!! And the flan topped off the perfect brunch!
2	I kind of feel stupid for reviewing a buffet because, well, it's a buffet.But anyway this one sucked, a lot of the food was cold and they didn't replace items that ran out.
5	We live in Las Vegas and go to Spice Market Buffet for dinner on special occasions and every time we have visitors. The buffet quality and selection has its ups and downs but our recent visit was one of the best ever. We were undecided whether Planet Hollywood's Spice Market or the M Resort buffet is better, but the last visit made us choose Spice Market. It is simply the best buffet in town. The dessert section has the largest and best dessert selection in town and is an icing on the cake.Only the continual price increases over the years are not helpful, but there are simply no better buffet choice anywhere in Las Vegas. Only the M Resort comes close.
1	Oh my goodness gross does not even begin to describe how disgusting the food was here.The only good item was their Belgian waffles.  Went to the Sunday Brunch only because the hotels offer the $5 off per person (I now know why).  But if i had known how bad this place was I woulda said screw the discount.The food was cold.  It looked days old. I definitely had to spit some of it out.Rice was so dry it tasted like sand, Fajitas looked like and tasted like dog turd. Eggs were super watery. Their au jus tasted like armpit.  The "fresh" crepes were newspaper tossed in some butter with canned strawberries inside.  And their bread pudding was basically egg with sugar.On top of that every cook looked like they were miserable to be there, really if you dont enjoy what you do (especially when it comes to cooking) then what are you doing there?  The cooks' lack of enthusiasm to love what they do completely reflects on their food!Absolutely do not recommend.  Try the treasure island or mgm buffet instead almost the same price and way better food.
2	I was extremely disappointed in this buffet. I had read such great things about it and heard how it was one of the best in Las Vegas... well I can't even imagine what the worst buffet in Las Vegas looks like then.The price isn't even what got me riled up, I've paid $30+ for buffets in the past and they have been well worth it. I don't even know what we paid for this one, but it was way too much. As someone else said there was an extreme lack of vegetarian items, and sadly the Mexican station was closed (dinner on a Thursday). The meats were not good quality (according to the bf), the mixed veggies were ridiculously salty, and oh thats about all we ate. We didn't go to any other buffets so I can't compare, but if you're looking for one, don't do this one until they cut the price by at least half.
3	OK, I am not a buffet person.  It generally is just too much food for me and I can never justify the price.  However, since we where staying at Planet Hollywood and wanted someplace easy to to eat dinner we thought we would try Spice Market.  Everyone seemed to rave about it, so I figured we would give it a go.  You take the escalator down to the buffet and you are faced with a huge array of stations from Seafood to Salad.  At $30/per person for dinner, it is a pricey buffet no matter how you cut it. There was a lot of variety and I got selections from the Asian, American, Mexican and Italian stations.  Not to mention the delicious dessert selections.  The big draws seem to be the seafood station and desert bar.  The place was packed and full of people half in the bag, stuffing their faces and yelling.  Maybe that was part of the reason it didn't wow me.  It was a just a buffet, with decent food, good selection and nothing that stood out.  I think this is my last Vegas buffet.  It just isn't my thing!
2	I'm not really a buffet person, so just let me preface my review with that.I didn't really find much here I liked. The seafood seemed to be pretty popular but I'm not a seafood person. The mexican section was pretty sparse when I went up there but when my wife went she seemed to find more than i did. Just my luck :)I think I ate a few slices of microwave pizza and some breadsticks. The mashed potatos were pretty runny but they tasted all right. Ambience-wise, the place was pretty loud and filled with drunk people. Dinner was pretty pricey at $30/person
1	what a stupid buffet!
5	This place great, lots of variety and very tasty. We were here for breakfast and wanted to check it our for lunch or dinner but never got the chance. We went here twice for breakfast and will definately return for luch and/or dinner next time. $16 for breakfast but we had $5 off coupons. But worth the $16.
4	One of my favorite buffets on the strip.  Their selection isn't as good as the carnival buffet in Rio but the quality, tastewise is better in my opinion. Plus it's almost on the center of the strip and right next to the Miracle Mile stores.
1	I only got to try one buffet on my last outing and I'm sad that we made The Spice Market "it."For $27.01 (lunch price), we got mimosas (upon request). I thought it was weird that no one else knew about it, we only found out because we saw another table drinking that.Aside from the prime rib, and my friend who fell in love with the tempura shrimp which he swears was coated in fritos + bread pudding + creme brulee, there wasn't enough offered at this place that would make me want to go back, ever! Apparently, this seemed like the same buffet when Aladdin was around, and I guess my experience between the two times has changed dramatically. They have an Asian section, Italian, seafood, salad, dessert (pretty good selection), American, Middle Eastern and Mexican section.Blah, I'm getting irritated just thinking about it. I guess this means I'll have to make another trip out to Vegas soon and make my tummy happy then!
2	Been here a couple of times to get my vege fix.  Good price and fast.  The line is always long and it can be hot or miss.  Buffet has various types foods from all over.  My favorite is the Middle Eastern section.  You can find better than this...
1	I wouldn't return.Expensive, not very expansive (just because you have a lot of space, doesn't mean you are serving a lot of food), and the food was standard Hometown buffet quality.For The money they charge, I expect to be eating good food.  Nothing stood out as great...maybe the breakfast sausages.  Sausage is absolutely impossible to screw up.The potatoes tasted like recycled egg cartons.  Well I guess it's good that they are recycling..right?Go to any of the other 356 good buffets in the land of strippers, Liberace, and Buffets.
3	Friends and I came here for the "Champagne Brunch" (paid $18.99 since we were a guest at the Planet Hollywood).  We arrived shortly after 11:30 and the line wasn't too long so that was good.The buffet has different stations for the following cuisines: Italian, Seafood, Mexican, Mediterranean, American, Desserts, Asian, and maybe 1 or 2 more, can't remember.All I have to say is that the prime rib and the made to order omelette's were amazing!  All other food items tasted ok.  Fortunately, I had room for one dessert and it was good.I'd recommend eating here if your a guest but not worth the visit if your not a guest.
5	Okkk....now i see why this place won #1 buffet in Vegas!  Years ago, I was under the false notion that Carnival World Buffet was the best around town...but after my recent visit I know I was wrong.  Carnival has actually gone down in quality now and Spice Market is delicious!The variety is truly astounding and all the dishes are perfectly seasoned and prepared.  Usually with buffets quality is sacrificed for quantity, Spice Market defies this rule.  Forget all the other BLAND buffets, this is the place to go for great seafood, beef, and ethnic themed dishes and gourmet desserts as well.  I was really impressed by the dessert selection, and the fruit tarts helped!  So did that creme brulee...mmMm !
4	I ate at a different Las Vegas buffet pretty much every day for the past 8 days... and the Spice Market Buffet was a very respectable 2nd best.My boyfriend and I went to the Spice Market buffet totally on a whim on our first night in town last week.  We were very pleasantly surprised not only by the quantity of the food served but also by the quality.  Two of the highlights were the pizza (which was considerably better than some pizza I have ordered and paid for from an actual PIZZA joint) and the Middle Eastern food station.  That section had the best hummus my boyfriend found on our entire trip along with tandoori chicken, naan, dolmas, baba ghanoush, and other assorted things that you don't often find on a buffet line (or if you do, it's usually gross).  The desserts were also high-quality and delicious.One of the nicest things about this buffet was that it was organized better than most any other we went to during the week (perhaps with the exception of the Carnival World Buffet at Rio).  Every food station is clearly marked and stays within the boundaries of a certain theme (Mexican, Italian, etc.) - you'd think this was just a no-brainer, but try navigating the buffet at Paris (where half of the food is un-labeled) and tell me how much you appreciate it.If you can only go to ONE buffet while you're in Vegas, go to the Bellagio.  But if you plan to visit TWO of them, make sure the Spice Market Buffet is on the list.
3	Spice market is not the best buffet on the Strip, but it's not the worst either.  Bottom line is that you get a pretty wide selection at a good value ($25) for non-guests.Variety and quality was very good, though the word on Spice is out and we waited in line for over an hour to get seats, which was disappointing. The carving and Mediterranean stations were the best in my opinion, but I was really hoping for crab legs at the seafood section and this buffet did not deliver.  I love a good crab leg.  Mmmmm....damn you Spice Market.
2	The buffet is about average for Vegas, but the line to get in is way too slow and long. We waited for a half hour during a non-peak time (2:30pm) on a weekday. Even though there were 9+ people milling around behind the entrance counter, only one person was actually helping people.  On the plus side, once you finally are seated, there are some interesting and fun items (cotton candy, etc.) that you won't find at other Vegas buffets.
1	So I was in Vegas this past weekend and my friends and I decided we would hit up the promotion of "Buffet of Buffets". Which basically is 24 hours of unlimited buffets at any of the Harrahs Hotel group buffets. We opted to go here cause the line for Paris' was way to long. Wow I can just say me and my friends were very disappointed. While they have a lot of different types of food (Salads, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Asian, Seafood, American, Italian, and Desserts) the quality was just abysmal. As I was walking around and checking out what i wanted to try, I had a very difficult time actually putting stuff on my plate, because the food just did not look appetizing at all. In the end, I tried to get a couple of different items and each was just taste disgusting and just I just couldn't finish. I thought the desserts might redeem the buffet but even though the desserts looked decent, they tasted just horrible. I can say the only thing I liked from the buffet was the watermelon. Some of my friends who I came with are not at all picky eaters and even they thought the place was just gross. Please save your money and try another buffet, you'll thank me later.
2	Buffet of Buffets: Stop #1: BrunchWhy is it still called the Spice Market Buffet? How about Avenue of the Stars Buffet or something? Anyway, the food here is just average. I can't think of one thing that really stood out to me. Well.. the pineapple and watermelon were really fresh. Hmm......with so many different types of food....not a good sign. Our server was super nice and friendly though. On a side note, after waiting at the escalator entrance for awhile, we went down and it's a whole other line to wait in. I feel cheated!
4	Big buffet. Reasonable prices. Good food. And kids 4 and under eat free!
3	Like I always say I'm not a fan of buffets. Been to quite a few in Vegas though. Breakfast and food in general is lukewarm to me at buffets. I'm not asking for steak fajitas coming out sizzling on the plate in front of me. But I prefer My food served to my table HOT. When it comes to Spice Market it falls somewhere in the middle. Sunday brunch was ok. Came for breakfast Monday and that was ok. Service was ok. Set up and variety was ok. OK? Ok..
3	This buffet was ok. We came here for dinner as part of the Buffet of Buffets deal so it doesn't hurt too much that the food wasn't that great. The selection is huge since they have all sorts of different cuisines. The crab legs tasted a little artificial, but apart from that, the food was all really decent.There are plenty of other great buffets in Vegas, so go to those ones instead.
4	I thought this buffet was pretty good. They had all kinds of food. The food is laid out from one end to the other end, so it's a bit of a walk. Especially if you're on crutches (like me!) - so I didn't like that. Their crab legs were cut in half so they were easy to get to. I like that. I'm lazy, haha. The staff kept my drink filled, there was never an empty time.My favorite was the lobster pasta. SO GOOD. And the fact that make fresh crepes. Yum!
5	There is something for everyone here.  The selection is enormous and mesmerizing.  There's so much food that it actually takes a while to walk from one end to the other.  Be sure to look for all the food stalls because you might miss it if you don't keep walking.If you're a fan of king crab legs, this place is great because they cut the legs in half making it much easier to eat.  The shrimp tempura, one of my favorites, is perfectly crunchy, and if you like sushi, there's a good selection of rolls that aren't overstuffed with rice.  The fresh shrimp was a good size and perfect for dipping into cocktail sauce.Like most buffets, there's the usual Mexican, Japanese, Italian, and Chinese areas, but also a Middle Eastern section.  Mmm.  Plenty of meat here if you like kabob, lamb and hummus.  The carving station also serves prime rib, turkey, and a bunch of other seasoned meats.  There's plenty of seafood like salmon and white fish, but there's also a wide variety of vegetables for the non-carnivorous.  There's also dedicated section for salad and another one for fruit.  There's a huge selection of desserts and they make crepes to order!  Kids will love the cotton candy maker. All the food is clean, fresh, perfectly labeled and nicely segmented.  This place will have all the food you'd expect to find at a buffet and so much more that it truly raises the bar.  If you're a VIP, even better. You'll get to skip the wait to get a table and be seated in a private section that is even closer to all the good stuff.  Definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas!
2	Are vegas buffets becoming more expensive? Did i just pay $30 for mediocre lunch buffet on a saturday?Long line, about 30-40 minutes wait, not worth it.I went straight for the seafood as always. scrawny Alaskan king crab legs. Tasted like they were sitting there since last week. Hardly seasoned.The petite cocktail shrimps were only lying there since last night. i finished a handful of them. Raw oysters were big, juicy and probably should've been cooked instead. A little scared for my stomach after. but fear not, i had no ache!I had the prime rib next. did not look too appetizing, a little fatty and a little too cooked for my taste. Hmm. I stuck with one piece. The kebabs were dry and hard. The lobster bisque was pathetic. Two spoonfuls and let me proceed to yak.I got a crepe to order. It was swimming in oil. i took one bite and ate all the strawberries. never in my life had i seen such an unappetising crepe!I think i pretty much had no appetite after that. The tiramisu wasn't half bad, but nothing to call home about. Tip: don't come here. go to aria, bellagio, wynn or mandalay bay! it's practically the same price! Or pay half the price and go to monte carlo/new orleans or mgm (I think it's cheaper there?)Favourites: they have oyster?? not half bad cocktail shrimpDo not want: everythingLast words: Waste of $30! (or $25 since we had the VIP dine4less card)
5	in my books, this buffet is tied with the buffet in bellagio. CRAZY, right?! i've tried several in vegas, and i have to say this is one of the best. i MUST eat here when in vegas. i think sunday-thursday, you can order your burgers the way you want it. i definitely know it's not offered on the weekends, which sucks. buuuuuut, they do offer an omelette station for breakfast/brunch on the weekends. not an fair trade, but oh well. i've never had the burger, but my friend did and she LOVES it! she only wants to go to vegas during the weekdays just so she can get the burgers here. it boasts chinese, middle eastern, and mexican foods. it's cool to see middle eastern food cuz it's not too common to see foods from that region in buffets. and if you have a sweet tooth, the desserts are abundant! anything from cakes to cookies to candies to crepes! i'm always grabbing everything and trying it. even if i'm so full to the point where i need to be rolled out on a gurney, i will make my way to the desserts. and they have freshly spun cotton candy!!! happy happy joy joy!
2	Not impressive. I went here for dinner with 5 other people and the line to pay for our buffets was enormous, but moved quickly. We were seated and a server promptly took our drink order. However, when she got back to the table, she had the diet and regular sodas all mixed up.The buffet area is set up according different food "cultures": Japanese, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern, etc. Some of the food looked absolutely horrifying. My dad saw them mixing in snow crab legs with the king crab legs. Lots of stuff looked like it had been sitting out for awhile...I found the only edible food in the Middle Eastern portion of the buffet. It had some couscous and fresh tomatoes sliced in half and topped with some sort of veggie concoction. It also had tandoori chicken and some really good vegetables.I would avoid most of the meat here. Did not look appetizing at all... They did have made-to-order crepes at the dessert station; I had a bananas foster crepe and it was pretty good.Would I pay $30 to eat here again? Heck no. Especially if you can't eat much. If you're going to try this place out anyway, check around for coupons -- we found $5 off coupons available online.
2	Feel like i am being way generous for the 2 star, definitely very disappointing, how is it only half a star away compare to wynn? Omg!! Yes, lots of different food. Yes. It was moderately expensive. No. The food, did not taste good... =(
3	In the land of buffets, the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood was just alright for me. I ate here on a Friday night for dinner and paid $25 (regular price is $30, but upon check-in we got coupons for $5 off per person - up to 4 people). There were Mexican, Italian, Asian, Middle Eastern, and American stations including a big Seafood & Dessert section. Maybe it's the fact that I wasn't really in the "buffet" mood that day or that I ate a baked potato - yes I know you shouldn't load up on useless carbs at a buffet but I LOVE baked potatoes :( Well needless to say I got full easily off the American, Italian, Asian, and Seafood stations that I never made it to the Mexican, Middle Eastern, and Dessert stations. There weren't too many dishes that stood out in my mind and I left having that "this wasn't worth it" feeling. The food was alright. Maybe if it was cheaper than $30 then I would have been happier. In addition, our server sucked. She never refilled our drinks. After we were seated, she cleared our plates once and we never saw her again. Highlights of this buffet were the Cotton Candy (which my boyfriend and guy friend were ecstatic about. We even have a pic of my friend with a cotton candy mustache lol) and the Crepes, cause who doesn't love crepes!?
3	Planet Hollywood Spice Market Buffet used to have a good breakfast buffet.  Ever since Harrah's took over Planet Hollywood, the buffet doesn't taste as good as before.  I frequently come here for breakfast buffet when I visit for the weekend so I know what I am talking about.  Very good omelets, bacons, and desserts.  Although their griddle pancakes, pancakes were kinda hard, new items like mcd lookalike sausage mcmuffin tasted horrible, tri-tips were kinda dry.  Maybe I went at the wrong time.
3	This was the 2nd buffet we tried (the first being the Rio Carnival World Buffet).It was definitely better than the Rio.  The food seemed fresher, with chefs behind every station keeping on top of the food preparation.  It was definitely tastier and had a better selection of seafood.While I love to have multiple options for tasting different foods that buffets offer, I have to admit that I won't wait in line for any buffet.  I just don't see the food being worth it in comparison to the fabulous restaurants available.
2	I thought the food here was unimpressive considering it sets you back 30 bucks.  Granted, this buffet has a great variety but what's the use when you don't really feel like eating most of it.  I think the food is decent but in a city like las vegas where there are so many good eats around, I wouldn't waste my time here.  LV is about splurging so why not treat yourself out to a really good meal.  Speaking from my own experience, the service and the meat dishes are descent.  I like some of the ethic foods too but most of it is pretty gross.  It's either too bland or painfully salty.  The seafood is completely inedible.  The crablegs are super salty and the fish is dry as jerky.  If you're fine with getting your money's worth eating mediocre cocktail shrimp, I guess that's fine.  As for desert, nothing is very delectable.  If you're going go off or diet or splurge on something, it should a least be really good.  The crepes are especially terrible since they premake them and only put it back on for a second to "warm up" (not really).  I feel like the quality isn't much better than your standard chinese buffet but just for a lot more money.  I would definitely opt for something else.
3	So much variety here.  Yes, some of the items are low quality "filler" food for buffet but I've found that the carving station and the "medditteranean" station with the kabobs are really good.  The lamb, chicken and beef were delicious.  The seafood station is ok.  The king crab legs were really salty and not really that big.  Be aware that if you have a party of 6 or larger they automatically charge you gratuity.  We had a large group of 10 so we split 5 and 5 to avoid an additional $50 in gratuity (it was the hostess's suggestion that we did that).
2	I saw the sign "Spice Market Buffet" and only 10 people were in line. What, we don't have to wait? Awesome! Got in line and the girl turned around and said "Actually, the line is over there" I looked "over there" and laughed at myself, I knew it was too good to be true. They cut up the line so that it wouldn't block the walkway in the casino. Ok fine, got in the right line, waited 20 minutes, reached the escalator to go down into the buffet area to see....holy cow!....another long line -___- I know this is typical of the buffets in Vegas and i had a "buy one get one free" coupon so FINE! I'll suck it up and wait to save $35.50 minutes passed by and we finally get to eat. Went to the seafood section first to get my sashimi. There's none :( Already know it was going to be a bad experience. Walked around to see what they had to offer and I was not impressed. The salad bar was NOT fresh at all, the vegetables been sitting out too long. The avocado at Mexican station was all brown and the salsa chips were stale. Tried a whole bunch of food and did not liked anything I put in my mouth. It's only redemption? The prime ribs. Even the dessert sucked, wth.Good thing we had a coupon, would never ever ever pay full price for this buffet and will never ever ever come back.
4	The best buffet in Las Vegas I've been to. I bought the $34.99 bracelet for Harrah's properties. It was well worth it. They've got the best selection in food, service is quick, and the wait isn't too bad. The price without the bracelet is a value also, especially if you find one of those $5 off coupons that are laying everywhere. I'd go back and have gone back a few times.
3	This is the best buffet in all of Vegas?! Really?! It certainly wasn't the worst buffet I have ever had but it is not on my top three! This was our first buffet stop while using the 24 hour buffet pass. The whole reason that we went to this particular buffet was because we wanted to have lunch at the Paris next door but the line was way too long. - Oh little did I know that the line that we saw was only the tip of the ice berg. There is a line to wait in line. Who does that!? - It reminds me of the line ride on The Simpsons! hahaAnyways... On to the review of the food. This is what should really matter! The sections were separated by the geographical region of the food. From what I noticed... this buffet likes to really stick with the most generic and popular food dishes for the given country. If you're looking for something a little more "exotic" then this is surely not the buffet for you. The food was bland for the most part. Nothing to really write home about. None of it was really too memorable for me other than the soft serve custard. I would have had more if I wasn't to full at that point in our meal. Eating here made us too full to face another buffet for dinner time while using our 24 our buffet pass. What a shame... :'(
4	Huge selections of different type of foods. Don't know what else to say the foods were good as a buffet.
3	People seem to come here when its super expensive, maybe $30 or more and thus, they get all mad about paying so much. Funny how that never happens to me. They must be coming on a holiday or something, where all buffets in Vegas will be quite pricey. Most of the time im paying around $25, which is typically the price on any given day. To me that's a very reasonable price for the quality and selection they offer. Lots of people seem to get too caught up in the Bellagio and Wynn buffet quality and end up taking their anger on the review for this place. I like. It's definitely not the best, but its got a lot of good things about it. For me, the crepes are an x-factor. Im a big fan of crepes and no matter how stuffed I am I can always make room for their crepes and the other desserts they have. I would compare this place to like the high middle class of buffets. And I suggest you give it a shot. Its descent and respectable.The gist...PROS: lower prices with a pretty large selection (if youre just wanting to eat shrimp and crab legs, why pay over $30 when you can come here and have the same quality and size in crab legs and shrimp). Also, did i mention they make crepes for you.CONS: Higher prices on some days may make you feel like you've over paid. Quality is not as good as Bellagio or Wynn. Same goes for seletction.
3	Basic Vegas buffet. This buffet was pretty average. I don't know but there wasn't really a lot to write home about. Lots of choices and the staff was nice. Good: Lots of options. Your typical Vegas buffet.Bad: Nothing spectacular here.Final: Lots of food. Lots of options.
2	Buffets in Vegas, for the most part, are just like any other buffet in the world: Too expensive for the general low quality of the food but you can eat as much as you want. If you are the type of person that wants quantity over quality then this is probably your heaven and you should buy the day pass here and eat every meal of day here if you can. On the other hand, if you are a normal person you should probably go to a real restaurant and have 1 nice entree and be very satisfied with your meal. The selection is very diverse but all the food just is not up to the quality of that same item if you got it at a regular restaurant. The food was not bad, just not good. One positive to this is if you don't like something you can always go up and try one of the other 100 dishes that are out there at any given time. Also, the line for this place can get pretty bad, we waited roughly 20 minutes. So if you see a line just skip it and go to another restaurant there is no justification for waiting for this buffet.
2	I had read some very good reviews of this buffet at this site and others, so my wife and I made it a point to go for dinner on Tuesday evening. We were both very disappointed. I'll admit that there's lots of variety and the dishes sound like high quality, but reality set in very quickly. A few dishes were good, but a great many were not. The short ribs were basically just fat and gristle, the cut of prime rib I got was easily 60% fat, an Asian steamed bun with pork was so dry I stopped at one bite, some Mid-Eastern lamb on skewers was so tough I gave up after two bites. You get the idea. The one excellent item we had was the meat balls at the Italian station. No way I'd go back to this buffet.
4	The food here was great.  I can definitely recommend everyone try this buffet along with the Bellagio buffet.  Either one will be your favorite.The deserts here were AWESOME.  Plain and simple, the best deserts served in any buffet in Las Vegas.I recommend trying the Middle Eastern selections, they were very interesting.One weird thing, lunch time at 1pm.  The place was empty.  Now that pHo is apart of the Harrahs Casinos, I'm sure that will change. I'll definitely return.
4	Came here for the breakfast buffet around 9:30 on a Friday morning.  BUSY BUSY.  Quite a long line, but apparently that's standard.  The food was quite good here, nothing really to complain about.  They had little smoothies, which I thought was a fun idea.   The server was excellent, also.  The Corned Beef Hash was excellent and so were the little fried potatoes.  The Eggs Benedict were a bit overcooked, but everything else was great.
3	Long Line... 2 lines one upstairs and another down in the dungeon basement... felt like it... Thank goodness I was able to bypass with  my platinum rewards card... Or we would probably be in line for at least 3 hours!!! No joke!  The seafood was ok... not too much variety but it was decent... They didn't have alot of choices but the food wasn't half bad then going to other places of Harrahs food chain in which my whole memorial weekend have been having really bad experience with customer service or worst selection with Paris and Caesars Palace.   Although with the Rio I have never complained every experience has been at it's best... Planet Hollywood is ok but a little bit overrated I think!  The service kinda sucked and waitress kept forgetting to bring me stuff... I did the 24 hour pass... this would be one that I would check out...
3	this is the buffet we decided to check out after a major disaster at le village inside of paris.  that 24 hour buffet pass deal really comes in handy!  we went here for lunch shortly after wanting to throw away our plates at paris...geez, this buffet is like night and day compared to that buffet dump.  i liked the set up when we got there...everything looked really clean and sophisticated.  there was a great variety of food from different countries...ranging from middle eastern to mexican and a super cool made to order burger bar.  i know i know...who goes to a buffet to eat a burger right?  still...i thought that it was a cool concept to get a fresh burger off the grill...especially at a buffet.  the food was pretty good...nothing spectacular but enough to keep your belly satisfyingly full.  the dessert bar was awesome!  they have someone there making fresh crepes for you...and the desserts had good flavor and texture.  i don't think i'd come back if i had to pay full price for a buffet...but if i had the 24 hour pass again, then sure, why not?
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas.even their line was always long for dinner, first, you have to wait upstair for a while, then going downstair, waiting again, but I was patient enough to wait for the food. They had different kind of meat, seafood - oyster, crab legs, shrimp, full salad bar, lots of desserts, you name it. I love most of the items at this place. I came back next day for breakfast, no wait at all, as you could tell people were still sleeping as partying late last night. I didnt know they had different cuisine for this early, I picked a little of everything, so good, I love egg benedicts, and smoothies in the glasses. Service was always super nice and attentive. I would recommend any one to try this place if you're in Vegas.
4	Definitely one of the better buffets I visited when I was in Vegas. Located downstairs at Planet Hollywood, this place is a must visit if you're staying at the hotel.The food here is totally amazing. The seafood was actually really good and fresh, which is always nice for a buffet to have. But the thing you're definitely looking for is desserts. Raspberry cheesecake and carrot cake? YUUUUM.BTW when I was there I bought this buffet deal thing that was apparently working for all Harrah's casino buffets. Basically it was like a 24 hour pass, and within those 24 hours you can go to any buffet as many times as you want. Definitely a deal, so take advantage of it if it's still available. It only cost $34.99 I believe =]
1	Arriving at 1pm I wondered why the line was so short. I soon found out. The only thing worth eating here in my opinion were the desserts. There were all types of tarts, canolis, cakes, and crepes made to order. The rest of the food was mediocre. The beef in the mexican food station was less than desirable. There was shrimp tempura but no tempura sauce. There were some americanized chinese items that were better than alot of the other options. The tandoori chicken was overly salty and inedible. The rest of the food was forgettable.
3	as buffets go - it can be hit or miss. our friends did the 24 pass (a great deal if you are into buffets) and we used our free passes. of the harrah's owned buffets, this is probably the best one. it's quite clean, it has a nice selection and the food is solid. of course, it helps to be a diamond member to bypass the lines. we ended up having dinner and breakfast/brunch here. for dinner, the Mediterranean selection was the standout - the lamb and tandori was quite good. the tempura shrimp was also really good but they ran out quick and never replenished the serving bowl. for breakfast, i really enjoyed the smoothies and the pancakes. they also have your normal offerings (eggs, bacon, etc.). overall, a pleasant surprise.
1	Waited 1+ hour to eat at this buffet- it was definitely a bust. The international cuisine theme was extremely appealing at first, but I soon realized it was too good to be true. I truly believe the food would be more tasty and well-prepared if they concentrated on a few types of food, not everything under the sun from Chinese to Mexican to American. The worker carving the meats was disgruntled, too. Expected more out of a cool place like Planet Hollywood.
1	Just want to try this out and its terrible buffet ever.  Not much good food and most meats was dry.  I asked for orange juice but it didnt taste like oj,  its taste like water down airborne vitamin.  I wouldnt recommend this place.
5	I ate here several times while doing the 24 hour buffet pass. I like that the food is separated into categories: seafood, asian, salad, soups, american, mexican, mid-eastern, etc. The food is pretty delicious and the seafood selection is pretty good. The lines are kinda long, but it's pretty worth it. The seating area can be a little confusing to some people, as my dad got lost and sat at the wrong table. My mom had to go find him and bring him back to our table haha. Also, if you have t-mobile as a cell phone service. You may have trouble getting reception. Me and my family did not get any reception down there.. so yeah, beware. Other than that, the food is good! If you haven't tried it, or are thinking about it. You definitely should :)
3	breakfast was very good, still overpriced, but goodalot of variety
2	The market spice buffet was one of my favorite buffets in Vegas but this last time wasn't so good.  Maybe it was because it was 2PM and the food was sitting there for awhile but everything I grabbed was dry.  I grabbed one plate and that was enough for me.  Luckily, i had the 24 hr pass so I saved my stomach for Caesars that night....
3	I love the french toast here for brunch...it's so good!  Especially with the peach topping they have.  We were pressed for time, so we had to hurrily eat our meal within 30 minutes.I was kind of disappointed with the crab legs.  It's nice that they split them up, but it was sad that they don't have a lot of it.  They only have one tray in the seafood section and it goes by fast.  It's similar to other buffets where they have a variety of food from other countries.  They had a middle eastern food section that was pretty good.  The dessert section was paltry compared to Rio's Carnival.  The only thing good was the flan.  Overall, it's a deal with the 24 hour wristband, but the line is off the chain long. Expect to wait a good hour and a half on Sunday, just like we did.  The service was just not there.  Perhaps because he was super busy, I hope.  I suggest coming only if you have a wristband, if you have to pay full price, I don't think it would be a great idea.
2	Sorry I was not impressed. The wait was so annoying. The person in charge of the line could not give us a timeframe for our wait - which ended up being almost 2 hours. Never again will I wait 2 hours for food that is just ok.
4	Arrived here for dinner on Friday night to meet up with the bf's family. We had 13 people in our party and we decided to do the 34.99 special. You pay the 34.99 and can go try the other 6 buffets within 24 hours. We finally got seated at 830 and the placed was at full capacity. I'm not a real big buffet person. I had some crab legs, shrimp cocktail, braised short ribs, more seafood. The best thing I had was the grilled lamb. It was very flavorful and not lamby at all. For dessert i had some creme brulee and it was really good.
5	I bought the 24 hour buffet pass and used this for my last dinner.  WHAT A DINNER.  This place had one of the best prime ribs I've ever had.  EVER.  One of those prime ribs that are so tender you can chew it with your tongue...it was great.  The buffet is pretty much the length of the room with many different areas - seafood, American, Mexican, Asian, salad, Middle Eastern, deserts, etc.  I recommend scouting the area first then choosing because there are WAY too many choices.  The desert area had crem brule with a better cream than Paris!  This is the only buffet I know of though that has cotton candy as a standard.  It's a great take away!
1	Wow...just checked again to see if we really did read such good reviews and they are still there. We must have gone on a really bad day. I will list the reasons for the 1 star and why I would NEVER recommend this place: 1. waited in a long line. not surprising considering we are in a vacation mecca BUT there were more used empty tables than ones being used by patrons. 2. we were surrounded by said dirty tables the entire time we were there.3. our server greeted us by telling us we were going to be angry...why? because they only had tea and lemonade available, no soda. not a problem for me, I prefer tea...asked if it was fresh brewed, not, it was a mix. now yes, I was miffed. then angry when I tried it...pure disgusting swill. 3. we arrived around noon. I walked around looking before choosing. Looked at the soups. They still had oatmeal. From breakfast. Just gross.4. food was just ok. really no better than your average, inexpensive buffet. the desserts looked fabulous, both pics and live...they were just thawed out items like you have in a chinese buffet. nothing special at all and certainly not worth the calorie splurge.5. my calorie splurge was going to be the cotton candy...I am like a 5 yo with that stuff...Love, Love, Love it...they did not have it. Was told they did not have the sugar. 6. Table service was almost non-existent.7. I really think most of these issues were due to being way understaffed...both table wise and cooking wise. So many items were obviously not being replenished and kept fresh. I overheard a patron asking asking the hostess (whom she had to get up and approach) when their drink order would be taken because they had been there quite awhile. 8. I honestly think that because we were on vacation, I was going to overlook all of this and try to think back on this as not too horrible. Until I went to a downtown buffet that I will review here as well. That cost less than half of what we paid here and was one thousand times better. Just unbelievable.
3	Writing a review for a buffet when you're hungry is just, quite simply, a terrible idea.Just thinking about unlimited food is driving me crazy, and making me want to give The Spice Market a million stars.  (ONLY FIVE???  A TRAVESTY!!!)But trying to calm down and actually recall my experiences there, I can accept that five is more than enough.  And so is three.See, I only made it to the buffet for breakfast - which was quite decent.  As they began to set up for lunch, my eyes went wide with amazement at the variety.  I did sneak a taste or two and was disappointed that the taste did not match the selection.  Still, there was a lot of it.  And it wasn't half bad.
4	Another Las Vegas buffet which means another expensive. The Spice Market Buffet is my favorite one, They have the foods that I know of. It's cheaper than The Buffet at the Bellagio and Wynn. I came here twice. Once before the make over and one after the make over. Both times weren't busy. I would come here again to see the other items I haven't gotten to try.
5	on my most recent trip to vegas, 4th of july weekend, i heard so many good reviews about this place and had to checj it out... the reviews were correct! i heart this place.. its so delicious! they have so many different cuisines... one of which my fav is the mediterranean section.. they had the most yummy chicken curry rice! i had to get seconds.. and thirds.. and so on. the meatballs in the spaghetti was sooooo BIG and flavorful! :)i just know this place kicked my all time favorite's (the buffet at T.I.) butt! :)kekkeke
2	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood-If you really want to feel as if you are in a hot, stuffy, crowded, spice market, this is the place for you. It is in the basement, so there are no windows and no doors. The line to pay is right in the center of the room and the quarters are mighty tight. There were alot of people in very little space with very little air flow and it was 111 degrees outside...use your imagination.We hit this stop for brunch. The stations included salad, seafood, Italian, Asian, and "mid-east." Yes, I swear it was labeled "mid-east." At first I thought it was food from Indiana or Ohio, but I guess they meant "Middle East" wink, wink. There was a random selection of Greek and Indian food...surprise, Greece and India are now in the middle east! Oh, and there was hummus.Overall, the space was dank and depressing. Win was that the champagne was cold and served in a flute. The bigger win was that we saved the life of a fellow diner who was choking with the Heimlich Maneuver. If you do not plan to drink or save a life this stop may be disappointing.
4	Generally I am not a buffet person. I don't eat a lot and feel that can always get a decent meal at a regular sit down restaurant for what I would pay for a buffet. However on occasion I do enjoy buffets because it gives me a chance to sample a variety of things. This is especially true in good LV buffets because the variety is pretty good.I can't remember being really disappointed by anything in this buffet except that I always end up here when I don't have a big appetite.
5	My favourite buffet out of the Harrah's hotels that were part of the "Buffet of Buffets" promotion. The highlight is the variety of food available. American, Italian, Asian, etc. is all available, and it is all delicious. The line moves faster than you would think. I'd highly recommend this buffet.
5	Loved the buffet. We walked by the front of Planet Hollywood and were given half off coupons. Not sure if they still do that, but i will pay full price. From the Crab legs that were sliced down the middle. To all the Different stations of food. The Servers were very attentitaive to when the plates needed to be taken off the table. Or you needed a refill. By Far the best buffet ive experienced in Las Vegas and it was worth the price.
4	Take this review with a grain of salt; I visited in summer 2008 and I was drunk for almost the entire 36-hour span I was in town.Spice Market was my first, and so far my only, Vegas buffet experience. Having heard of the stereotypical cheap-ass buffet feasts Vegas had to offer, I was slightly stunned to find this one cost $28. Didn't I look like a big dumb Australian tourist.The spread of food was pretty damn good, although I am guilty of camping out at the Mexican counter more often than not. The Middle Eastern section was also very tasty, although I can't remember for the life of me what I had. I seem to recall giant skewers of meat. I give three stars for the food range, and one for my waitress Nina - a lovely mid-50s woman who, once she heard our accents, flirted non-stop and made sure my beer was never empty for long. Thanks Nina! I'll come back and marry you one of these days.
1	The air was humid, and it smelled terrible. The food was decent - but for a two and a half hour wait to be rushed out of the buffet 20 minutes after paying. Oh my god! The ice cream machine was turned off less than 20 minutes after we entered the buffet. I got a migraine from the scent heavy air - it made me nauseous. Tons of tables were free, but the staff was so lacking that they couldn't even clear off the tables for the hours of lines. I really should have paid more attention to the reviews on here. I wouldn't eat at this restaurant if it was free.Note: The smell was very VERY bad - note, it was VERY humid, note - it was greasy and ..... auggggh so bad... so so so so so bad.
4	All I can say is WOWZERS. I stumbled upon this place completely randomly. I was hungry and was too lazy to walk down the strip for better known buffets cause I was already sweatin' like a prostitute in church at 9:30am. Anyway, we went at a time that was considered breakfast which was just fine... little did I know that they were transitioning into lunch!!! Two meals for the price of one! Kill two birds with one stone!!!This is very affordable if you are on a budget. The food quality is just fine and is more than what I would have expected for something so cheap. The lunch is better than the breakfast though. Great variety and overall quite tasty! The mussles were great and so were the grilled veggies! I would come here again if I were on a budget and needed to fuel up for the rest of the day.
4	This place is not like the Wynn or Bellagio buffets but it's still pretty good. Ridiculous line at dinner so make sure to go a little early if you're not a diamond/platinum player. The prime rib was amazing and they had a brick oven for pizza. They also had a ice cream machine. (yay!)
4	you gotta try the lamb, its out of this world, its so nice and tender.  we waited a long time.  the food was pretty good.  i had to get some cotton candy, it was good!! :)
3	After a bout of severe and heavy-handed drinking (thank you Harrah's), my  sister Katrina K., Dank K., Stephen H. and I were starving. We came to Planet Hollywood not only looking for food to ease our rolling stomachs, but for a buffet that will blow our minds (and taste buds).Alas! Blow my mind, it did not. However it seemed to blow my wallet away. The line was extremely long - even being tipsy didn't help. Cheery though I was, this line didn't seem to want to budge. I even saw an old-lady try to bribe her way in with $100 but there is no mercy for the buffet -bystanders. She was promptly sent to the back of the line. Ouchhhh. After much waiting, hopping and frequent trips to the bathroom, we finally got into the buffet - SCORE! Although at this point, I was painfully sober and even hungrier.The food was.... all right. Typical Vegas AYCE fare with the exception of the King Crab legs. Nothing remarkable or special. I was even disappointed with the desserts. For me, desserts are key. If they put in a lot of work in their desserts then you know that their entrees are doubly good. The Flan tasted off and the Strawberry tart was spoiled by watching this old man pick off all the strawberries and leave the tart there. Really old man. As if the old lady bribing her way out of line was so much better. However, unlike other Vegas AYCE buffets, the Spice Market Buffet is unique in that it offers a Middle Eastern section, which is a pleasant break from the usual Italian, Seafood and American sections. Their marinated feta cheese was de-LISH. Other than that, okay-buffet. (hey it rhymed!)
4	Almost as good as Google's free food with more options, way better than Old Country Buffet (actually, Old Country is not even in the same league), and way better than the buffets at the Hilton. Def worth it.1. Good price. $18 for all you can eat. Plus if you stay at the resort, they give you a $5 off coupon (per room, good for four people). 2. So many options! Mediterranean bar. Mexican grill. Asian grill. Salad Bar. Italian bar. Dessert bar (so many cakes, breads, pastries, petit fours, tarts, pies, ice cream, etc). Omelet bar. Etc.3. Great food and drink. The coffee was fantastic (this coming from a coffee drinking Seattleite). Rich. Full flavored. Strong. The oatmeal was sweet and creamy.  The eggs benedict was great. Fresh fruit. Loved it.
3	I came here for lunch a few months back, and the line was pretty quick. Probably waited only about 5 minutes. The Food was inconsistent, some of the selections weren't as bomb as the others. I really liked the snow crab legs, I'm sure every buffet has em, but the legs here are actually pre-cut, so that's a big plus.Make sure you save room for dessert. The spice market has one of the best dessert choices of all the buffets in Vegas.Recommendation: Snow Crab Legs
3	If you manage to get through the endless line to get into the place, then the other endless line to pay for the buffet, then you are good to go. They have about 8 different stations of food, each one with a different nationality. Their middle eastern station was delicious. Their tandoori chicken and lamb sliders were mouthwatering! Cooked just right, not too spicy and with the right sides it makes for a great plate. I tried some Italian dishes like the spaghetti and meatballs but those weren't anything out of this world. The American section really was my least favorite. I tried a slice of the oven baked turkey and it was like chewing on sandpaper. No taste whatsoever and don't even get me started on the fried chicken. I've had better at Publix! All in all, it's a good buffet. I recommend the dinner time buffet over the breakfast one but get ready to stand for a good hour before you actually put anything into your mouth.
5	One of the best buffets in buffet town. Plus the price is reasonable and worth the wait if you are there at the wrong time.. The food stations are multi-national. The middle-east fare is an excellent standout here. My first trip is always for the lamb. Excellent desserts and presentation. This is a go-to spot for our family.
4	Love this place. Not as fancy as the Wynn and Bellagio buffets BUT it has a wide variety of foods that those do not have. I have been here at least 7 times and never left disappointed. Mexican, Italian, American, Middle Eastern, Asian, Seafood, Desserts... Yum Yum Yum
2	I've been to the Spice Market buffet approximately 6-8x now and I will never return again.Checked in Saturday @ 830 PM (After waiting in line for 45 minutes)...Walked immediately to the Seafood Line (assuming there were Alaskan Crab Legs)...The label on the sneeze glass read (ACL), but there weren't any there. I don't even think it was Snow Crab! I have no idea what they were serving. The size (width) of the crab legs were equivalent to my pinky or smaller!!! The legs weren't even red and they were an ugly red/brown color. I'm actually hoping it taste better than it looks after it was steamed, it was salty and the butter couldn't even save it. Absolutely horrible.While I was waiting in line I noticed someone with a full plate of ACL. I asked the employee where did he get it. He said he got it from the back and it was for a "Diamond" member. Before bumping into this guy, the man behind the glass said they ran out of ACL. BS! How can you run out, you're telling me there won't be any for the next day? I can't believe it. I'm never spending my money here ever again.
4	Considering we came in 40 minutes before closing time, the food was pretty good. I can say this after going to the all the buffet available at Harrah's buffet special, this one and the Rio are the top buffets in that particular chain.This one had great service, we were never rushed even as they were starting to clean up. The buffet food was your standard affair: prime rib, asian food, crab legs, etc. Nothing really stood out but at least the prime rib wasn't dry (kind of moist, a little salty). Completely edible. The only thing I didn't like here was the BBQ pork bun. How can the skin by crispy instead of the soft white fluffy dough?!?
3	Got the "Buffet of Buffets" 24-hour pass to Harrah's buffets back in May 2010, and tried:1. Le Village Buffet @ Paris2. Emperor's Buffet @ Imperial Palace3. Carnival World Buffet @ Rio4. Spice Market Buffet @ Planet HollywoodOur last stop before heading out of Vegas.  We felt like we hit rock bottom after having experienced the Emperor's Buffet.  And it was a definite improvement to revisit a sure-thing at Rio.  The buffet at PH seemed much cleaner and more modern than the rest, so our anticipation was higher.We were promptly seated, and there were even TVs that showed the game.  And they even had real cloth table napkins!The selection wasn't amazing, but the quality was a half-step up from Rio, and a whole flight of stairs above Imperial Palace.  And yes, I referred to the buffets by their hotel name.My friend really liked the chicken soup.  Ok, she loved it.  But I suspect she "loved" it cause she was hungover, and the ambience was such an upgrade from Imperial Palace.I had to glance at the photos I took to jog my memory, and I got a dessert plate with 4 things.  It looked good, and I remember finishing the plate (instead of leaving it half-eaten like the dessert at Paris).  The next pic was of us standing at the exit giving a thumbs up.  Good way to round out the weekend.I'd go back... if I had the 24-hr pass.  Again, not good enough to warrant a trek over and at that price.  Oh, and, again, I'd have given this place 3.5 stars if I could, but... well, see my review on Le Village Buffet.
3	If you participated in the buffet of buffets promotion then the PH buffet, this buffet, is definitely the best one out of the available buffets to choose from. The quality of the food is what sets this place apart from the chain. The room to eat is obvious and that is what makes the lines move faster so you can get yourself up in the game quicker!No section stands out in particular and I would just recommend trying it all. whatever meets your taste!
4	This is a breakfast review.The line is quite long, so don't go there hungry, the coffee(sic) is crap, plenty of choices, stale pastries.
2	Had dinner here on a Thursday evening. I noticed that most of the station cooked meats were very, very dry. The chef said that especially with the Mediterranean meats they were preferred overcooked. Overcooked and dry meat? I don't think so. The noodles at the Asian station were also dry. Sitting out too long, or just not enough liquid in the mix? Not sure. The Mexican, again, the taco meat was on the dry, overcooked side. Most buffets the taco meat is way too oily/juicy. This the complete opposite. The carving station had very good prime rib. Desserts were also on the good side. Nice variety. Good soft serve ice cream. Being Diamond level we were "treated" to a special fish dish which was very tasty. Also got some chocolate dipped brownie rounds which were so good and such a nice diversion from the standard chocolate dipped strawberries. Disappointing, but I'm sure they are still moving over to Harrah's standards which means they're almost going for a standard flavor across all their buffets. Sad.
3	I used to come here a lot when it was Aladdin and shortly after it became PH. I have not tried dinner recently but the brunch is about as good as it's been in the past although the price is now $25 per person. It's not a bad choice if you're looking for buffet type breakfast and lunch, and it's probably one of the better buffets in Vegas.
4	Have you guys heard?  The Harrah's Group is now offering $39.99 (for total reward members) $45.99 (for non-members) with 24hr buffet pass!  That means you can go as many time as you want within 24 hours!  What an awesome deal!  Now that Harrah's has dominated the strip with at least 8 casinos surely you will find a location that has your dishes in their buffet line!Now that was not a plug for Harrah's in fact... they probably hate me for sharing such great news to everyone!  If you do the math, each of the buffets on the strip now cost at least $15.99 even breakfast... now throw in already expensive buffets such as the Le Village Buffet at Paris, Rio Buffet, and here, Spice Market.... you are pretty much getting each buffet below the $15 threshold... isn't that terrific money saved for the slots? Ok ok, I'll stop the sidetracking and stay on course.....(no wonder my reviews are so annoying long?  LOL!)Spice Market Buffet is located in Planet Hollywood.  (By the way, unless you know Planet Hollywood's location or have seen the sign from far away, you wouldn't know if you stand in front of it.  They don't have any signs showing that is Planet Hollywood except with "Miracle Mile Mall" and "Casino" posted above their entry way...(My buddy was confused on where he was at but I was able to guide him thru)Once entered, you get into a line so that you can then be prompted to get into the "real" buffet line downstairs.  The Spice Market Buffet used to be Arabian themed but since the take over of Hollywood you will now see posters of movies hanging on the walls.  Not as nice as before as they are trying to be more sophisticated.Food here really is pretty good.  To me, it's one of the much better ones located in the central strip area.  They had Salads, Mexican, Asian, Seafood, Mediterranean, Italian, and a nice dessert section.  My highlights were the following...  Lamb Kabobs... fresh off the grill dipped in tzatziki sauce.... wonderful pairing as the kabobs were slightly salty which balanced out perfectly with light yogurt/cucumber sauce.  Very refreshing!  However, I'm not a big fan of these grill meats because they tend to be a bit dry compared to the likes of other kabobs (such as Satay or izakaya), but my buddy thought it was one of the better ones he's had so I'd take his word for it.  It is very flavorful though.Got some prime rib with Mushroom Rougut... man... did I ever tell you how much I love mushrooms?  It had the best firm texture these mushrooms which I was so addicted to.  Pairing with a tender prime rib is definitely out of this world.. (I then went back and got a bowl of mushroom only!  Please do not miss the mushrooms if you ever go here!  You will thank me for this!)  Had some salads as I needed to increase my veggie intake, and overall veggies were veggies... nothing special to discuss here but they are fresh!  Had it with thousand island dressing which is always yummy!Now onto the main portion.. seafood... Fried sole was absolutely jammin!  Imagine actual fish n chip except the fish is definitely not over battered, and the meat if full and juicy!  If you get a plate of say 6 pieces with some fries, you got your $11 worth already!  They did a great job with their fried fish!My buddy had the buffalo popcorn shrimp as I missed out on it.  He really enjoyed the kick that is added to the crunchiness which is a good pairing.  Very inventive for a buffet as you usually only see straight up deep fried shrimp.Now onto my favorite dish of them all, a wrapped filet of sole wrapped around crab filling.  For those frequent readers of my reviews, do you remember my experience at Le Village buffet in Paris and the rose filet of sole?  Remember how much I loved that?  Well.... this just topped that because it's near identical except now it's got crab fillings... It's like eating a rose of sole ravioli, then once you bite into it you've just entered the crab cake dimension... OMG delicious!!!  Now you see why I didn't get to more items?  I got stuck on the sole and never turned back.........  I did have a little bit of dessert though... Fresh strawberry tart, Tiramisu (not what I've had in the past which was the only disappointment), and a really cool cotton candy station where everyone can take a cotton candy to go!!!  Kids absolutely love it!So if you are in Vegas, I strongly recommend you get the 24hr pass (so you have access to the buffet anytime your heart desires / also save money), and visit the Spice Market Buffet.  One great tip... if you want to visit the Paris Buffet, anticipate a nice long wait or you must go early.  If you just simply walk over next door to Spice Market in PH, you will notice that the line is half of the size and also the service is much more faster because Paris moves at the speed of a snail.....  You are in Vegas and every second matters as all the fun and excitement are calling your at all times... Make a smart choice!
4	I found out about the "Buffet of Buffets" from Carrie D. I could not live up to her 8 buffets in 24 hours....actually not even close. The reason why is I had a basketball tournament....and had to play in 3 games over 2 days. I only went to 2 buffets, Carnival and Spice Market. The next time I go to Vegas, I'm shooting for your record Carrie!  I went to the Spice Market Buffet (at Planet Hollwood) for breakfast/early lunch. I waited for about 20 minutes. They were serving breakfast and lunch at that time.I couldn't eat everything, because I had to go straight to a basketball game afterwards. Everything I did eat, was very good.I would return to the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. (Overall grade:  B)
1	The ONLY word to describe this buffet - EeeeEEEWWWWwwwwWWW!!  Avoid at all costs.  Any place that can ruin crab legs, amongst many other things, does not deserve $35/person.  Save your money!
4	They didn't have cotton candy!!!  This was a major disappointment to our kids. Service not so great, loud/bad ambiance, and smoke from the casino wafted down the escalator. However, they do have good variety, excellent prime rib, very good "woodfired" pizza, Middle Eastern section has nice touches (loved the citrus roasted figs). The salad bar was weak, and the sushi was only cucumber rolls.  I would recommend it, and would probably go back if I was hungry and it was close by.
1	This review is strickly for the Breakfast Buffet. Wow! this place is not good at all. Although there was a generous amount of food to choose from, my GF and i did not find anything worth mentioning about. From the runny eggs, to old crunch rice, to soggy bacon, omelette station that only had 4 ingredients, to stale pastries, and warm smoothies, i was better off going to Bill's and getting the $4.95 ribeye and eggs breakfast (which is not saying alot). we were very disappoint with this place. i'm glad that we only paid $10.99 each because of a coupon, but still think we overpaid!
3	Pretty good buffet. The only thing that really stood out to me was the cotton candy. I've never seen a buffet with cotton candy! How cute! Other than the cotton candy, nothing was really memorable, but I do remember leaving pretty full and satisfied. I wouldn't mind coming here again, but there are much better buffets out there.
3	The variety was the best, from the mexican, to the asian, to the middle eastern offerings.  I went to this buffet as part of my Buffet of Buffets Pass. If you are into a basic but tasty variety of offerings, then this is your place.
4	This buffet can certainly take on the Rio as being one of the biggest buffets in town. They offer just about any and everything you can imagine. Surprisingly the quality of the food is pretty good considering the volume although, you do trade a bit of quality for selection. They have a really good brunch and offer two kinds of Eggs Benedict, traditional and maple. Yum! ***You'll read this in my other Vegas buffet reviews...make sure to find out when the buffet price changes from breakfast to lunch and lunch to dinner. The best time to visit any buffet is just before the time change. You'll get to pay a little less and have the benefit of trying both meal selections as they change over the items.
5	Even when this place was the terrible redesigned "Aladdin" hotel, the Spice Market held its name...and the quality of the food in a Las Vegas strip casino buffet. With eight strip-facing casinos, if you join the total rewards program(which is free, calm down), you can purchase the buffet pass for just $35 that allows you to eat as many times as you want within a 24-hour time period.Now I know you're thinking, "How many times can I eat there in just one day?" but think about it this way: Instead of sitting for over 90 minutes and gorging everything you can fit into your mouth(which I have done before), you can come back and forth or even go to OTHER buffets and eat smaller meals.Anyway, this buffet like others has ethnically separated areas for you to easily pick what you want. From sushi to indian to a salad bar, this place has what you want covered...unless you're from Estonia or Turks & Caicos...but what's the chance of that. (No offense if you are from there, just making a joke).Don't go for the flash of the Wynn and Bellagio, eat here!
4	Rio's buffet was my favorite but now it has to share the top spot with Planet Hollywood's!  I came here with my parents right before the dinner rush and although the regular line was pretty long, we walked right up to the front for the diamond/platinum guest line.  We were seated immediately and after doing one round to see what was on display, I came back with about FIVE plates! Don't judge me, it's called a buffet...chicken noodle soupsushishrimp tempurateriyaki wings (sooooooo good!)stuffed pork loins caramalizedmashed potatoespasta saladbeef fajitaschicken fajitasOk, for some reason that doesn't sound like alot but I definitely felt it.  What gave the Spice Market Buffet a little edge over Rio's Carnival Buffet was the fact they had cotton candy!  Yes, I seen some little kids with it and ran off to find it.  I was successful and actually grabbed a plate full of chocolate covered strawberries on the way back.  The cost between the two buffets are about the same.  Next up, the Bellagio's buffet to see what their hype is all about......
4	I've been to a few buffet place here and this is one of the better one. What I like is eating seafood. They had shrimp which was decent. The Sushi was bad in my opinion. What was surprising was that they had King Crab. I think. At least it wasn't snow crab. Why I thought it was better than most was at least this place a more selection. If you didn't like one thing you can get try something else. Are there better buffet out there? Yes. But compare this place to Treasure Island at least this place was bigger.
4	We couldn't leave a Vegas weekend without having a buffet meal of some sort so we whipped out our handy dandy Yelp apps on our iPhones and found the nearest one with decent reviews and price range. We decided to try Spice Market Buffet for two reasons - the price range was decent and we'd never been to Planet Hollywood hotel before so at least we'd get to see something new. Despite warnings about longer than long lines we got there and waited for about 10 minutes before paying and being seated. It wasn't fast but it wasn't terrible. Cost was $24.99 per person which was more than we would have liked but the variety of food that we were eyeing while in line made up for it.Between the three of us we downed 7 plates filled with a range of food including breakfast (waffles with lovely ph logos on them!), sushi, prime rib, pizza, asian food, mediterranean food (dolmas were delicious), quesadillas, and seafood. We topped it off with some soft serve and cotton candy which ended the meal quite nicely. Plus, there were a ton of things we didn't even attempt like the crepes, lasagnas, soups, salads, etc. We were just too full already! Overall, a perfect way to end a weekend getaway in Vegas. Lose some money but gain some weight. Fair trade no? :)
3	The buffet was not bad, but nothing really spectacular. I like how all the sections are labeled in large letters "seafood", "dessert", "italian", etc. I love sweets so I tend to put a lot of weight on their quality of desserts. Here, it was a hit or miss with the items. Their ice cream custard was good, esp with chantilly cream, which was excellent quality. They make cotton candy, which was something new so that was pretty cool too. Their fruit tarts were excellent. However, their flan was too stiff on the outside and was more like jello, as was their banana cream pie. The cream was like a stiff block of jello that had been sitting outside for a few hours and allowed to dry....also, their crepes were too thick for my liking. It seemed more like a pancake. Now their Mediterranean section was delicious, and their salad bar delicious as well. Their asian section was ok, some of it was good and some was just bland. Their pasta was excellent as well.  Seafood wise, the selection seemed ok.I would come here again if someone suggests it, but my first choice would still be Wynn.
3	Its just ok. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't mind blowin' great either. Just average. I've been to couple different Vegas buffets and Spice Market doesnt stack up that well compared to those of Bellagio, Rio, or M.Considering they "feature" many different types of food such as asian, american, etc., the selection in these different food styles is really less than spectacular. The food is just mediocre and it was really hard for me to want to go back for seconds after viewing the selection of that day.I did love two specific items offered at Spice that was very unique that I really liked. They actually offered hummus and hot flat bread in the mid-eastern style cuisine section and also offered sicilian cannolis in the dessert area. This was a definite plus in my book considering I never see these two items in any other buffets. This was a real treat in the mist of common Vegas buffet foods such as cold crab legs, prime rib, and various pasta and pizzas.The service was really good so I have no complaints there. Will I be going back? Prolly not.
4	Overall the food was decent. One thing that gives this place an extra star is their alaskan king crab legs. It was quite an unexpected find, and I was pleasantly surprised. As for the rest of the food, it's your typical buffet food, the only difference is that The Spice Market Buffet shortens separates their food by geographical location. Another plus for Spice Market is that the line is alot shorter and moves faster than most other buffets in my experience.
4	I have NO clue why this place doesn't have more stars!  I came here the morning after a great night of partying to get the champagne brunch.  Everything is all separated into different ethnic foods and of course for desserts.  I had a great waiter, and he was the one pushing me to drink more champagne than my friends.  Plus, they have fresh spun cotton candy.  The cost isn't too bad, and you can always get the rewards program and do this thing where you can eat at the buffet for as many times as you want within a day, which is pretty convenient cause you can eat 5 smaller meals instead of one giant meal which will make you feel like you're gonna kill yourself.  This way you can taste EVERYTHING!  And it ends up being cheaper to buy this and eat as much as you want rather than going to other random places to eat a meal.
4	Planet Hollywood has gotten much better since being taken over by the Harrah's group.  We had recieved free 24 hour buffet wristbands after speaking to a manager about the rude check in lady at the Caesar's buffet.  We are staying at Paris and PH is next door so we decided to try their buffet since we wanted to get the value out of our wristbands.  They had a very nice selection.  Most everything was super tasty.  I would reccomend the italian and seafood sections the most.  They had a really good looking section for middle eastern food but we were stuffed already.  Not being a big buffet person, I would definitely reccomend this since they had a good variety and better quality then i expected.
4	Great Sunday bruch buffet.  Great selection.  About average priced.
5	First thing you notice when you get there, the line is super long during lunch/dinner time! And for good reason!Because its the friggin best buffet in Vegas!Awesome selection of different type of food from around the world.The quality of the food was top notch. The food looked delicious.Everything I put in my mouth was YUMMY. I dont really have a big stomach these days, but coming here, I really wish that I did! I want to EAT EVERYTHING HERE!Bonus:Get the rewards card and buy your 24 hour buffet pass for about $43 something including tax! You can go to this buffet as well as other ones around the area like the World buffet at Rio(but why would you go anywhere else, I just said this place was the best).
3	We decided to go here after our wedding at Planet Hollywood since we were getting married early in the morning and we did not want to try and get everyone back together later on in the afternoon.The price was not bad (under 15 bucks for breakfast) and they had a great selection of food.  I even had a bunch of shrimp tempura with my breakfast...how cool is that?  The food would more than likely get a 4 in my book.  Our waitress was a delight...she had a great attitude and was able to take care of our whole group.  My one big complaint is about the group reservations...once we knew what time the wedding was (a couple weeks before) we started trying to contact people at the hotel to get a group reservation.   Both myself and my mother-in-law called person after person and number after number.  We were told people would be calling us back and that they would figure it out for us.  We seriously got a huge runaround trying to make a reservation...it was very frustrating.  We finally got somewhat of a reservation a couple days before but when we showed up in wedding dresses and suits with like 30 people it was a big huge production with them trying to figure out what to do with us.  Also to top it off we were told we had to be done by a certain time...like we had to be out of the buffet at a specific time.  Remember this was after our wedding and I am sorry if we wanted to hang out and talk and celebrate.  I think they gave us a hour and a half total before we had to leave for another group.Not the best impression on an otherwise magical day.:0)
4	Went here for lunch. The sea food stall had some really amazing dishes.
3	I was at the brunch buffet here last weekend, and thought it was pretty good.  They have a good variety of food, brought us a steady stream of mimosas, and their prices aren't bad.I was in a fishy mood last week, so loaded up on seafood: I tried some lobster pasta, tempura shimp, stuffed fillet of sole, smoked salmon and some other things.  I thought these were all good, with the exception of the shrimp, which I felt was mostly breading, and even that was kind of dried out.The desserts were by no means spectacular, and even though they looked nice, I'd suggest avoiding them, with one exception: the bread pudding; that's really good.I'd definitely recommend it, if you're trying to keep to a budget, but I'd hope that there are better buffets out there.
5	this is the best buffet i've ever eaten. it was pricey (30 bucks!), but i left with my gut hanging well over my belt. that's a rarity and i didn't eat for at least 2 days after. food upon food upon food! oh my god....and it was all so good. little bit of crablegs, shrimp, dolmades, tacos, pasta.....everything. and the deserts. holy diahbehtus batman...but shoot up the insulin and go for it! it's nicely laid out and very conducive to gorging yourself (hmmmmm?). so if you're on a budget, skip this one and head over to the flamingo (still...a great buffet, but not as fancy). spice market will have you eating and eating and eating...and loving every bite!
5	My husband & I always love coming here. They have a middle eastern section that is just delish. The seafood is always fresh and so much to choose from, for those of you that like huge crab legs, this is it. The desserts are so yummy. Cotten candy, all different types of cakes, ice cream, puddings! This buffet is top of the line!
4	For $15 a person for breakfast, you'd be hard-pressed to beat this buffet deal in any of the major hotels on the Strip. The food was really good for a buffet (why do people always complain about the freshness? It's a freakin' buffet, idiots!) with TONS of variety from all over the globe: Mexican, Indian, Middle Eastern, Southern, Asian... whatever corner of the world your hungry little stomach desires!Lunch is something like $18 and dinner is $30, but if you're smart like us, you'll go 15-30min before the cut off time for the meal before and you get the best of both worlds at a cheaper price :)
3	For the price, I thought this buffet was just okay. Price for dinner was about $30. Yes, they have crab legs. Pardon me if I don't get all a-twitter over that. Lots of buffets have crab legs. I actually think the best dish I had was the salmon with a soy glaze. That was actually quite delicious. Despite the fact that it's a buffet, I still like to get some salad with my meats, and I thought the salad fixings here were minimal. (Most were prepared salads, not raw salad fixings.) Kind of disappointing. Chinese food selection was shady looking, so I didn't go there. Mediterranean section was very nice, although I think the baba ganoush was a bit off. Prime rib was ok (much better at the Golden Nugget, if you can believe that) and the dessert section was also just okay. The yams were fabulous!If you're going to do buffets while in Vegas, maybe get the "buffet of buffets" pass (around $45, I think) which gives you 24 hours of buffet eating at any of the Harrah's properties. If you hit 2 buffets in 24hours, it takes the sting out of the prices. If you aren't going to hit 2 buffets in that 24 hours, don't do it. (Also, now that there's no buffet at Bally's you may see more traffic at Spice Market and Paris .. so be prepared for lines at peak dining times.)
3	This buffet is really good.  Usually has a crazy long line that goes almost to the miracle mile shops.  I went here during the week at weird times so there wasnt really anyone else there.  Parking for this buffet is kind far.  You have to park all the way at one end of the miracle mile of shops. So its a bit of a walk.  Food is really good.  I ate more hummas there then i had ever eaten before in my life. Overall a good buffet but i think there are better on the strip.  Like the paris.
3	When did Planet Hollywood completely revamp their image?  If you're in the parking structure, you might even see the globe thing that they used to use as their logo.  Nowadays, everything has changed.  It's quite alright with me.  When you drop down below to the buffet, it also looks really nice and new.  You'll pretty much get the generic buffet selections, nothing fantastic or out of the ordinary that will have me going back over and over again.  This was the first stop of our Buffet-of-Buffets.  (Quick tip:  if you're going to do the BoB, then make sure to get the free players club first upstairs first before you go down to the buffet, or else you'll be forced to just buy it for full price).  I know that the buffet is priced around $30, but honestly I think I would have a better time for my money at the Wynn Buffet, which isn't that much more.  I feel like I got tricked by how clean and modern the buffet looked, that my expectations went up.  It may be a bad thing.  I usually have a pretty acceptable tongue pallette, but really, with so many choices in Vegas, these places really have to step it up.  The Spice Market Buffet:  a Lamborghini Murcielago with a Ford Fiesta engine.  All show, bareeeely any go.
3	Better than average but not great. I wouldn't choose to come here but I certainly don't mind it. I came here for brunch and found the quality was pretty decent. There wasn't anything really outstanding or unusual like what you'd see at the Buffet at Bellagio but then again this one is half the price. There's a good selection of foods, all prepared decently well and enough turnover in the restaurant to ensure that you're not getting left with 2 hour old food like you see at some of the less frequented buffets.
3	For a breakfast/brunch buffet, the Spice Market Buffet was a steal in my opinion. There were fresh fruits, an omelet station, assorted cheeses and meats, and even offerings like eggs benedict. In a nutshell, this buffet seemed to have everything imaginable that one would want to consume. Service can be a little spotty since both days we went it was jammed, but that's understandable. I'm no expert on buffets but considering we wanted something relatively quick and not too much of a hassle, the Spice Market Buffet fit the bill.
4	Probably my favorite buffet thus far in Vegas.  Their fried shrimp buffet zone of awesome pretty much sealed the deal, but wait there's more - all you can drink Mimosas?  This is where I'm bringing my hangover.
1	False advertisement...Saw a sign outside the hotel "#1 Buffet in Las Vegas" so in my head, i'm thinking this place must be good.Paid $30 for dinner - too expensive.Groups 8 or more, must pay 18% tip?!Nothing indulgent here - normal buffet food.Crab legs tasted stale, creme brulee worst texture ever.Saw cotton candy when we came in, and they disappeared by the time my dessert time came around.There can be long lines here - don't wait long or else you will be even more mad once you start eating...
5	Line wasn't too bad for breakfast/brunch buffet, the Spice Market Buffet was a good deal in my opinion. I like the options from American, Italian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, and Asian cuisine.
2	Meh.  There are two good things about the Spice Market - its cheap and its got plenty to choose from.  But all this is overshadowed by the fact that everything tastes downright awful.  A buffet like this reminds you why you shouldn't be eating at buffets in the first place.  I'd rather spend twice as much on a meal that I'd actually enjoy.  There were plenty of times when I put something in my mouth and took it out before taking a bite.  I felt bad about wasting food but I'd feel even worse if I actually digested it.  [Original Visit: November 7, 2010]
4	One of the best buffets in Las Vegas, better than the Bellagio by far, the food here is diverse, they have mexican, Mediterranean, chinese, american, italian and a great salad bar and seafood. The service is attentive and friendly, and the food tastes good. Check this place out.
4	Stop six of seven on our buffet of buffets journey. So far this is my fave. Great selection. Highlights were the lamb and baklava. I wasn't really looking forward to another buffet after grazing all day, but this made me want to actually eat again
5	QUALITY IS THE WORD HERE!!!Every single chef working there station cares about the quality of there product. This is extremely rare in buffet dining. An amazing array of types of food to choose from. Including a rarity in buffets... Mediterranean. Where you can get lamb kabobs, baklava, humus, and my personal favorite POACHED FIGS. Now i really must tell you... seriously, try the poached figs. They should be on everyone's bucket list. FREAKING AMAZING.All together great service, great food, and well worth the price.
5	My Favorite buffet in Vegas. Breakfast has a wide selection as well as made to order omletts. Dinner includes King crab legs YUM!!
4	Another good Buffet in Vegas.Many selections and stations including Mediteranean/Mid-eastern section w/ Kabobs along w/ American / Asian / Mexican / Seafood / salads  etc.This buffet has many items to choose from similar to Rio (not quite that big and Mirage). Place is nice and clean with lots of room....Desserts are good too....
1	WORST buffet on the Vegas Strip.   'Nuf said
4	One of the best buffets that I have been to in Vegas. Not very crowded. All of the food is very fresh. They have salad, soup, american, french, mexican, asian, italian, dessert and (most importantly) a badass seafood station. Go here! You won't regret it. Also, alcoholic drinks are very well priced. $5 for a red bull and skyy vodka. Not too shabby,
4	I have always heard about the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood and I finally got the chance to visit. It is located after about a half mile walk from self parking through the Miracle Mile Shops past the casino, so be ready for this. Once you get there, I went for dinner, the line is usually about an hour plus.After getting a seat, you have to take a few seconds to see where to go for which food station you might want. There are always a lot of people eating here so decide if you want American or Mexican food for instance first. A plan will help you out.I visited the American, Asian and Italian sections. Almost everything I had was sufficiently hot with the exception of a few. I expect that the food, once it is put out, is almost immediately consumed, so the food should be consistently hot. I enjoyed some of the premium food options over other buffets in Las Vegas. I would hope so as the price is in the upper range, near what some of Vegas' five star resorts charge for their dinner buffet. The best idea is to go for the wristband option from Caesar's Entertainment Corp. Thanks to Caesar's Entertainment Corp for supplying me with a buffet wristband to test a few out.I enjoyed the tempura shrimp too, quite crispy. The Spice Market Buffet is a good choice for those wanting a very large buffet and are close to Planet Hollywood.
4	There were 5 of us that met up in Vegas and for our first meal together, we came here. I've always heard that going to buffets in Vegas is the way to go and we tended to stick to those kinds of places. This was a great buffet! As we were escorted to our table, we walked past the different food stations and I was eying what I would be getting first. We sat down and everyone spread out like flies. It was like every kind of ethnic food was present. It was funny because once I sat down with my goodies, I looked at everyone else's plate and realized how I missed other good stuff! Needless to say, we all ate a lot and were there for an unhealthy amount of time. We did sit next to this adorable couple from California who was celebrating their wedding anniversary. We ended up chatting the entire meal together and practically became best friends. It was a great way to start our Vegas vacation!
4	There's really no other deal than Buffets in Vegas - only time you get free drinks and free refills!  Especially if you're anything like us - walking EVERYWHERE!This buffet was the only buffet we had to wait for.  We waited about 30 mins upstairs in the casino only to find in horror that there's another 3 rows of waiting downstairs to pay the cashier!  Thankfully the line up to pay is not nearly as long of wait...but its surely enough to get you to turn right back around and leave!PROS: hello diversity!  Italian, Asian, Seafood (I'm pretty sure I had the Alaska King Crab but Hubby says otherwise), Mexican, Middle Eastern, American (delicious prime rib) and Dessert Table that includes cotton candy!  The dinner buffet is only $27.99/pp.  Conveniently located in the casino (not a very far trek from entrance off the strip).  Drink specials: $2 Coronas & $14 bottle of house wine.  Think my favourite was the ribs!!CONS: the lineup (again, we weren't used to lining up since we had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet @ 9:30 and dinner at the Wynn @ 4-5pm).  Watch out for ppl who try to cut the line!  Shameless couple tried to cut between to parties w/wheelchairs! The nerve...
3	Average at best. We stayed at the Planet Hollywood, and every time we were in the casino we could see a huge line to get into this place, so we figured we would check out the champagne brunch since it seemed to be so popular. What can I say, I ate a BUNCH of food and drank a BUNCH of champagne, but the food was just eh. I know it's a buffet but for something called the SPICE MARKET, they should use a little more spice to spruce up that bland food. The only thing that saved it was the awesome guy that wouldn't let my champagne glass get anywhere near empty!
3	We chose this buffet for a couple of reasons. One, we were staying in the hotel and two, we had a buy one get one coupon from Total Rewards. If it were not for those two reasons, I would not recommend going. The high point--- Free champagne...and lots of it! The server was awesome! The low point---When you finally get through the line upstairs you just get downstairs to realize you have another winding line to wait it! That sucked, and then to top it off the food was just ok. I am guessing there are better brunches in Vegas then this one!
4	This buffet has many different varieties of food: Mediterranean, Seafood, Asian, Salads, Italian, American,Mexican, etc. I came here for lunch. If you have a Platinum, Diamond, or Seven Stars Card Total Rewards Card, you can line up to a shorter line for faster service. Can't really say too much about it except that the best thing about the food is the variety of foods you can select from. Beware of the long lines during dinner time. Every time we walked by the buffet at dinner, there seems to be a very long line.
4	Another lengthy line for the buffet, although I suppose if the buffet receives good ratings then it's where everyone wants to eat. I went around lunch time so the line was about 40 minutes. Terribly confusing how they got the line..because the buffet is downstairs and when you walk to the escalator you see a rope across it, so meaning wait for someone. So I did and gazed at the menu for a bit. An employee standing a few feet away by the tables asked a few people who were behind me if we all were going to the buffet and pointed a line behind a pillar. No sign telling you where a line was and everyone was concealment behind a huge pillar in the casino. I am not a tourist, so I do read signs, but if they don't have none for me to read then it's their fault. So several people got in front of me as I walked around the rope and shook my head. So waiting there among about 10 people in front of me, so I was thinking it wasn't that bad. We waited for about 15 minutes and then a gentleman opened the rope and let us all through. Once downstairs you see the true line. After I get to the cashier they include another line for waiting for the host to seat you. The lines are really bound together, so the people wanting to see the cashier are bunched in with the people ready to be seated. I feel sorry for the employees there because they have a hell of a job with all these people.The food was good and they have lots of selections. I went to almost every area to try something. Well stocked and food was hot. The server filling drinks was smiling a lot and very kind. He was quick and did his job well.
4	This place was good but not as good as the Rio. It has different food like Indian. It was good overall but I was just too tired.
3	I was told this is one of the best buffets on the strip.  Think again.  They have a good variety of food, but very poor quaility.  I had high expectations Planet Hollywood!
4	I thought this buffet was really good. I just didn't like the LONG line to get in.
2	Unfortunately after reading quite a few reviews, I went to try the Spice Market.  After eating at the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, might as well check some others that ranked top 10 on the buffet food list.1) Food: Nothing special other than very organized layout.  They had it by region (Middle Eastern, Mexican, Salad, Desserts, American, Italian) so the food wasn't mixed with others and each area had short lines which made it nice.  The food overall wasn't anything special.  The only thing different than any other buffet that I have experienced was the "COTTON CANDY".  Talk about nostalgia and so I had to have one.  Let's just say no more sugar was needed the rest of the day or week for that matter.2) Price: The holiday pricing for buffet is more expensive (by about $10-15 more) so go the wynn if you haven't already.  So far, they have the best buffet for the best price. (speaking on all meals EXCEPT for breakfast...go to Main street station for that....)It was nice to compare with other buffets on the strip but wouldn't go back.  The management staff was horrible at figuring out groups and seating people.  Don't go during the holidays..it's chaos. Harrah's management overall is HORRIBLE.  They need a staff training and too bad for Planet Hollywood.  When it was operated under Starwood and Sheraton Properties, they were much more together.  Boy will I miss this hotel!
4	Vegas is a place for silliness, and classiness. The Spice Market delivers on both counts. You wait in line for about an hour, go through a shimmering archway, down an escalator to. .  HOLY #$@$ is that another line?!?!? Fortunately for you it's only an extra 20 minutes. Plenty of time to release the inner child by playing patty cake, reliving sports punishment exercises, and ad libing the music videos running on the tvs which for some reason do NOT match the songs in the restaurant. But enough about the wait. . .The Food-LIKE- the Spice Market has HOT crab legs. They even offered Snow crab and Alaskan King Crab when I went. (most other buffets only offer one type, and it's served cold) LIKE- their dessert includes a crepe bar, and COTTON CANDY!!! perfect for cotton candy moustaches, followed by cotton candy paper cone unicorn picturesLIKE- unlike most other buffets, they keep things simple, but in doing so, they manage to season the food more perfectly than most other buffets. DISLIKE- the lack of selection is a little off putting. If you have a group of picky eaters, and you are looking at paying more than $20 for this experience, there is a good bet that unless you are planning to eat $20 worth of salad and desserts, you might not get your monies worth. The Service-WOW!!!! The only Las Vegas buffet that I have been to where the service was stellar and the servers actually, at a buffet deserved a 20% tip. We didn't have to ask for anything twice, and quite often, we wouldn't have to ask at all for anything! The most off putting thing about buffets is that used plates pile up on tables, but not here. Great place to go to with delicious simple food. However, I think Mandalay Bay is till my fav. . they have Macaroons. . .
4	Yummm. Not bad for a LV Buffett place. Lots of selection. GREAT customer service. Go here!!!
4	Probably one of the best buffets I've been to in Vegas. They cut the crab legs for you down the middle so the meat is easier to get to and the shrimp is cleaned for you (no giblets or whatever).Get the $39.99 24 hour pass and you get unlimited buffet usage for here and all Harrah sister hotels. That means dinner, breakfast, dinner. We did it, saved a ton and ate like hoes.
5	The best shrimp tempura I have ever eaten. Also, the crepes were off the chart good.
3	I tried out the Spice Buffet as it was reccommended by the staff at the hotel I was staying at.  This was my first time in Vegas and I have always heard about how awesome the buffets are.  The Spice Market was ok, it was sectioned off by cuisine type which made it easy to navigate.  The food was just decent.  Nothing I had was standout , the beef medallions were by far the best and the sushi looked disgusting.  I honestly probably would skip the buffet next time and eat at one of the local joints for much cheaper.
3	This place was surprisingly pretty good!  I used my 24 hour pass and came here the second day around lunch time.  We didn't wait very long (15 minutes) on a Sunday around 12:30 in the afternoon.  Our server was GREAT!  The food was pretty tasty.  I especially love their pizza and buffalo fried shrimp.  The bread pudding was superb according to buffet standards.  * drool *  I know it sounds weird to hit up a buffet for their pizza but it was seriously yum.  They arrange everything according to what region the food came from.  I would skip their Mexican section.  It wasn't very good which made me sad because I built the most killer nacho plate.The reason why I didn't give them 4 stars?  The location is rather awkward.
4	Likes: I like the way the buffet is organized into different types and ethnicities of food.  Alaska king crab legs are a plus.Dislikes:
2	Was it because it was Monday evening or is this common.... sparsely stocked buffet with sad, old looking food.  I was expecting more selection, more enticing food.  Alas, this was a much smaller buffet than the Rio and much less satisfying.   Thank goodness I did the buffet of buffets so that I could try another buffet to satisfy my urge.
4	Okay take this review with a grain of salt because I was really hungover and couldnt eat very much I still managed a huge plate of breakfast food and a small plate of lunch food. We got their at 11 so go to enjoy both. My girlfriend was less hungover and absolutely loved it. The scrambled eggs were terrible and the only thing I didnt like, I shoulda waited in the omlette line cuz of course that woulda been fresh and delicious. Everything else was good. The little tater tot breakfast things were so good, same witht the bacon, and seafood at lunch.We used two 5/off coupons and they accepted both of them making our total less than 25 bucks for the two of us. It was a great value. Wish I could have ate more.
1	Worst buffet I've been to on the strip.Their desserts are delicious. They have cotton candy and chocolate covered strawberries. The food, however, is bland and boring. The selection is poor. Definitely not worth time and money. Go somewhere else! I would suggest walking over to Paris and eat at theirs.
5	looovethe bufffet!
4	This place earns 3 points solely for having pre-cut crab legs. Every buffet and/or restaurant that serves crab legs needs to take notes.I personally rank this as the 4th best buffet in Las Vegas (after Carnival World, Le Village and the Bellagio Buffet). The price is rather steep, but they offer locals a 20% discount (which is barely advertised, so if you are a local, make sure you let the cashier know). Another con is that the service isn't all that good, at least from my experience, but I feel that if a restaurant is really good, then it's worth it to endure sub-par service. They have a wide diversity of stations (including a Middle Eastern station, something that's rare in buffets), and they're all widely spread apart so definitely be prepared to do some walking. Typically you expect buffet pizza to be generic and plain by default but the pizza here was actually pretty exceptional. The dessert section was also quite huge, just don't order crepes there, since the crepes are pre-made and not fresh. Like all buffets, just make sure you don't go on a holiday or any day where loads of tourists should be expected and the line should be quick and smooth. Would love to return soon.
2	Banned!  No longer will I eat at this buffet. They used to be my favorite with large alaskan king crab legs.  Now it's just a little bigger than snow crab legs.  Epic fail!  The quality and selection of food had really gone down the drain.  I've eaten here since the first year aladdin was built. Way back in early 2000.  It's a shame.  For 27.99 I could have spent a few dollars more and have gone to Wynn.  It's really generic buffet food.  It really reminds me of Rio's buffet.  Must have something to do with the harrahs taking over planet Hollywood.  Bye bye spice market.  After 10 years I feel like you have let me down.
3	My boyfriend enjoyed this place and wanted me to try it out myself. First, I noticed how each food station was nicely organized from different ethnic food. We were seated right next to the seafood section which was a plus for us since we love seafood. The service was not so great as far as I can remember. The server just seated us and served our drinks, then she was nowhere to be found after that. The food choices in my opinion was just okay, but service could have been better for my experience. What makes this place different from other buffets is the cotton candy, which my boyfriend made a grab for it. Wouldn't mind coming back, but I got other places to try out before coming back to this place!
5	Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas - and at a good price too. For $34.99 you can experience the Spice Market Buffet four 24 hours as part of the Buffet of Buffets promotion through Harrah's Casinos.The new promotion isn't the only deal out there as Planet Hollywood and Ebay have a ton of $5 off coupons.I've eaten here about four times and my favorite parts are the seafood station with sushi, the mexican station, the italian station with pizza and the mexican station.Food aside, the service is good, the place is clean and the atmosphere was good. It was even better the last time I went for lunch - all of the miss America contestants were there.Hellooooo South Dakota.
4	This buffet was not too bad at all. There usually is a wait, but this is Las Vegas, and there will always be a wait for a buffet.  There seems to be a lot of good selection.  No big complaints here.  Since this is a Harrah's property, we bought the 24 Buffet Pass.  Definately worth the money.
4	Get the brunch and get there early. The wait is ridiculous! The food is ok to very good, definitely not the best buffet in Vegas. But it's all worth it for the non-stop, free mimosas if you have a hangover that you want to drink away. I left with a full stomach and a great buzz. That's always a nice way to start your morning in Vegas.
4	This is the top of my list of buffets at LV. We did the "Buffet of Buffets" for $39.99 and this was our 2nd buffet of the weekend. Out of all of the buffets we've been to (Paris, Planet Hollywood, & Caesars Palace) this is my favorite. Their wide variety of food suits every appetite I had. What I also liked about this buffet is that it's quite roomy, not cramped and crowded like my other buffets. Their crab is fresh and pre-cut so you don't have to struggle and crack anything. I am a little biased because I love tempura, and this is the only buffet (out of the 3) that actually had shrimp tempura.Overall the food is great, however I only gave them 4 stars because their refills for drinks can be a little more quicker. Otherwise this buffet is great!
4	After my non eventful eating experience in Vegas (it was a long story), The Spice Market Buffet was like a breathe of fresh air for me. We went there for lunch on Monday and it was only $18.99 + tax. It was reasonable for Vegas and even for buffets...other hotels' buffets are more expensive seems like. I liked everything that I had there. From seafood (fresh fish, shrimps, and scallops), American fare, Italian fare, and Chinese fare were all delicious. I tempted to tried the Indian and Lebanese, but dear Lord, I didn't have any space left in my belly.Maybe I should blamed that problem to the dessert bar. Those scrumptious creations were ridiculously amazing. The Creme Brulee...mmmm..nuff said. I will come back to eat here again when I'm in Vegas. I don't think I will run out of food options here.
4	I did the "Buffet of Buffets" in Vegas and this was my first stop. I like the fact that they had a lot of varieties (i.e Middle Eastern) section which was my favorite section...I love their hummus and their hand-made baklava. Their crab legs was also easy to eat because it was already cracked open and the shrimp cocktail was already peeled. Their seafood was very fresh. I was impressed by the fact that they have a cotton candy machine/station but I was sad they didn't have a gelato station (like the other buffets)...
1	I don't get how this place gets good reviews. It's like one of the cheapest (quality and taste wise) buffet that i had in vegas. Total was $60 sth for 2 for that quality of food? It's not comparable to any other hotel buffets for that same price. The quality of the food is just bleh. Everything from decor to presentation to taste is just very whatever. My usual favorite part of the buffet - dessert section just completely turned me down. C'mon..soft served ice cream??? (not even comparable to souplantations soft served). It's more like hometown buffet quality but hometown is 3 times less the price. Ahh. Despite the desserts, other food was just not to my taste. It's true that there are a little bit of everything, from american to italian, asian, middleeastern, mexican, etc, but nothing was really that good. Probably the best thing that i had was a piece of prime rib that i got when we first sat down. When i went to get another piece later on, they already got a new chunk of meat, and that second piece was complete RAW, dripping blood. I've been eager to try this place because i think this is one of the few buffets that i haven't tried in vegas and with pretty good reviews. Not a good decision. I will probably never go back again unless it's free.
4	This has to be one of my new favorite buffet's on the strip.  I ended up getting the 24hour buffet pass which was $39.99.  Planet Hollywood  was the first buffet that we went to and we liked it so much we went back again. The line was minimal compared to my other favorite buffets (Mandalay Bay and The Wynn).  They do have crab legs for dinner but they are served cold.Worth the money!!!
3	It wasn't bad.  I can't call it particualrly memorable either, but it wasn't bad.
4	Best buffet in Vegas.  Easily.  They have everything and they do a great job with it!  If you want a good buffet, go somewhere else.  If you want a great buffet, go to Planet Hollywood.  I have been to better buffets outside of Vegas, though, so I'm keeping that final star from this review.  The only critique I will give it, however, is the line.  It can be over an hour wait and, in fact, often is.  I would argue that it ends up being worth it, but still... that's a long wait.    The Spice Market Buffet is simply the best buffet in Vegas.  Amazingly delicious in every way!
4	Service was great... food was satisfying and ummmmm... 4th star was for their CANNOLIs!!! HOLY CANNOLI... they were amazing!!! Get the 24hr BUFFET pass and hit this one up on the list... Loved their breakfast choices and Middle eastern food!! YUM!!! :) Definitely satisfied!!!!
2	Went here to check it out since we heard good things about it.  Is it me but Weekend Brunch seems to never be good...or at least I keep picking the wrong places.  The only redeeming factor is the fact you can get bottomless mimosas with the buffet price, which we only found out after I saw pitchers of it being refilled.  I wish they told us when we sat down, such wasted stomach space of diet Coke.Well anyways, every area was fail.  Crab stuffed Sole was more bread stuffing than anything, the Italian area was purely pastas, the Mexican was just sad, the dessert crepe was super oily and just inedible.  The only thing good was the omelet cause it was made to order and warm and the Mediterranean area which had good baklava!  Also I got to smuggle out baked goods.  The apple turnover and bear claw were definite winners.I need to find a good weekend buffet place.  Someone HELP!
5	The mid-eastern spread was wonderful- lamb, tabouleh, hummus, pita, dried fruit. The seafood was also delicious- fresh king crab legs, shrimp. The mushroom ragout I just have to mention because it was great. Dessert also quite fine- cotton candy and frozen yogurt with toppings. Of course other good food I just didn't mention.
5	I visit Vegas often, and every time I go I *insist* on making a trip to the Spice Market Buffet. Simply put, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.The selection here is fantastic and just about everything I've ever had here is good. Breakfast is one of my favorite times here - the selection is great, they make some killer smoothies, and I can have every different kind of juice imaginable if I want to - and sometimes I do! The coffee here is divine - possibly the best drip coffee in all Vegas.Lunch and dinner are a little pricey, but you can find some coupons on the internet that knock the price down $5 (just search "spice market buffet coupons"), which makes it a little more reasonable. Also, if you get in right at the end of breakfast (which is cheaper and runs until 10:30 am), you can hang around until they bring the lunch goods out. I'm going back to Vegas in 10 days (not that I'm counting) and you can bet I'll be moseying up to this buffet right around 10 am on my first day in town.
3	Meh...of the buffets that I tried through Buffet of Buffets Pass, I was least impressed with the Spice Market Buffet.  Although they have a pretty big selection of food, many of the dishes looked unappetizing (the Chinese food looked like it was sitting out for forever and the rice of the sushi looked hard and sticky).  Even the dishes that looked good weren't that great.  My favorites were probably the stuffed tomato thing from the Mediterranean station and the cocktail shrimp which were very fresh and I loved that they were peeled already.  Their desserts were decent though...the flan, fruit tart, chocolate mousse thing and baklava were all pretty good.  Plus, they even have cotton candy which is fun!Even their service was meh...we saw our server once when she took our drink order and didn't see her again until we were leaving.  Blah!
3	My group and I visited the buffet in December 2008 for dinner. We were in line for a good hour before being taken down to the buffet via an escalator to wait another half hour. I thought the food must be outstanding to wait this long. The average price per person paid was $30, which I thought was reasonable for a Vegas buffet dinner. Food galore! There were may food stations for different types of cuisines from all over the world--Asian (I loved the dim sum items!), Mexican, American, Indian...the selection was pretty sweet. The dessert station was pretty crowded most of the time because the made-to-order-crepes were a hit. I wasn't able to get a crepe for myself, but there were many other desserts lying around that I got to sample, like cheesecakes, chocolate cakes, brownies, etc. They were pretty good, nothing spectacular--just your garden-variety dessert you can get anywhere in a decent restaurant. The prime rib was juicy and big, but nothing fantastic. The salad bar was pretty decent as well, and the king crab legs were really good, too. Service was friendly, and our drinks were refilled on a timely matter. The ambiance of the dining rooms felt casual and homely, and the tables were spaced out well so as to avoid elbowing other people from another table. I felt comfortable. Overall, the buffet was pleasantly decent for the money. I stuffed myself silly. I had five full plates of food! The food wasn't something you'd get from a place with a Michelin award. It's yummy food to fill your empty stomachs with. I'm pretty sure anyone will walk out of the buffet feeling satisfied with good food for a good value.
4	So -- if you've read any of my other Vegas reviews, you can see I'm a bit of  a buffet whore.  I'll admit it.  I like to loosen my belt and belly up to a giant array of food I shouldn't eat.The Spice Market is one of my favorite lunch/dinner spots to do just that when I purchase the 24 hour buffet pass.  Instead of being set up in the traditional buffet sense:  Salads/Entrees/Desserts/Seafood/Etc...  Spice Market is divided by geographic region and then many of those regions have all of the above categories inside of them.  Bonus points to the Middle Eastern section for ALWAYS keeping my partner happy with their food after a long day of gaming and drinking.  (He tends to get a little cranky around 5.)
3	maybe i'm a little unreasonable since I was out until the wee hours of the morning and came here for brunch, so my appetite and palette could have been off.It was pretty meh for me. I did a walkthru first to see what they have to offer before i fill my plate up with food. They got a good variety of food which is nice. To buffet standards everything was okay except the sushi. That was whack. Rice was terrible and the spicy tuna was no bueno. It is a skip for sure. Save your stomach space for something else. Since it was brunch there was also some breakfast food available. Didn't really take advantage of it but the bacon I had was good. Nothing wowed me. The prime rib was pretty good. Totally didn't get my money's worth in this last trip. I had one plate and a little bit of another. Just wasn't feeling it.
3	Back when the casino used to be the Aladdin, this was my favorite buffet in Vegas. My friends and I used to joke that the banners proclaiming it to be the #1 voted best buffet in Vegas could never live up to the hype. But we gave it a shot and it was awesome! Honestly, it was better than Bellagio's (meh), even Wynn's Seafood buffet (overhyped) at the time. The selection used to be pretty much all winners regardless of which section you chose.I don't know what happened, but the last few times I've visited the Spice Market seeking the same satisfaction as my first visit, I've been let down. The quality has just fallen from where it used to be.We went for the brunch: The eggs benedict was probably the best thing I had this time and it was very good, prime rib was alright (not juicy enough), and the fake Asian general chicken was not bad too. However, most of the other stuff was pretty average. Next time, I'll probably go somewhere else.3.5 stars, but really some of that is the nostalgia factor.Dear Planet Hollywood Casino: You did a facelift to transform Aladdin into PH, might as well do the same with the Spice Market Buffet. The current iteration is only a shell of its former self.
4	Friday is Buffet of Buffet day! Whoot whoot! I am so excited for this. We wait in line and buy our passes. It's 11:06am and so it begins. We get seated close to the salad bar section near the Italian Section. Our server, Jasmina was awesome. Drinks were brought promptly and plates were taken away swiftly. I made the rookie mistake of not making a quick go around before grabbing anything. It's like Monopoly... don't act too quick... slow and steady wins the race. Ah heck, I dove right in. I got some mushroom stromboli, some salad, some garlic pasta, some roasted veggies, (breathe in) some fried chicken breast, some tomatoes, some beef thing. Ahhhh.... so good. The stromboli is wonderful. I am sure it's baked, but it tastes like it's fried. It's cheesy and mushroom-y. The fried chicken breast was really dry. I was expecting juicy chicken, but it was breast... I didn't make it to the Middle Eastern Section or the Mexican Section. Sigh. I wish I had, my friends made nachos because there were no tortillas left.Then I went for dessert. Cream puff, frozen custard... chantilly cream and caramel sauce. Oh my word. I would have grabbed more desserts, but there were more buffets to be had.
3	the prime rib was good. decent buffet but nothing wow.
3	This buffet was pretty standard, but has a good variety of foods.  They have Mediterranean, American, Mexican, Italian and Asian.  They only have a little bit of each though.We got there at 6 pm on a Saturday in the middle of March.  There was no line, and we waited 5 minutes for a table after them scanning our Buffet of Buffets pass.  Note that at 7 pm, we saw the line filled with people all the way back to the escalator.  So if you're gonna eat here, get there early.The food wasn't spectacular.  It was just average, though fairly fresh.  My favorite was probably just the desserts.  They had chocolate covered strawberries and cotton candy.  The kids were all over the cotton candy.  It's the only buffet I've seen so far with cotton candy.  The chocolate covered strawberries were huge, but covered in chocolate that normally covers dipped ice cream cones.  It wasn't dipped in pure quality chocolate like I hoped, but was good nonetheless.  I say get those as soon as you see them, since they go quickly.Honestly, nothing else stood out to me, which was kinda sad. They did have warm crab legs, though it seems like all they did was heat up the cold ones rather than pull them out fresh and steamed.
3	Diverse selection of food, similar to Rio ( though not quite as vast as Rio), but more conveniently located on The Strip.  The crab legs are nice here because they are pre-split so you don't have to crack them open yourself, saving you valuable minutes of gluttony time.  The food here is separated by regions, such as Italian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, etc.  Being at least a platinum Total Rewards member really helps here because the line for the more plebeian customer gets very long in a short amount of time.  In general, the quality is decent; they are going for more variety while sacrificing some quality vs. a small amount of foods that taste absolutely spectacular (as is the case with most buffets).
3	Last buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  This is the only one with Indian food and I love Indian food so I was excited.  But I ended up being disappointed.  The chicken curry wasn't as good as I remember when this property was the Aladdin.  (Yes, it's been that long for me.)  The lamb-stuffed tomato offered was also laughable.  It's was just some ground lamb stuck on top of half a tomato.  No one bothered to actually hollow out the tomato and stuff it with anything.The Mexican station was pretty good.  They had good guacamole.  This buffet also offers real glass ramekins, which are a nice touch.  The rest of the buffets just had disposable plastic cups.The thin crust pizza was pretty good.  And the condiments were in appropriate locations, which I appreciate.  No hunting around for butter or soy sauce.But a lot of things were mislabeled - another one of my buffet pet peeves.  Tomato sauce was labeled as curry sauce.  I poured some on my curry chicken, thinking I could get some extra curry sauce.  But no, it was tomato sauce.  Yuck.  I had to start all over to try the curry chicken.One nice feature in this buffet is the huge restroom.  It's actually clean and quite nice.  Lots of stalls.Pretty good buffet, but the Indian food offerings have taken a turn for the worst.
3	My friend loves this place.  But he was also saying it as he was ridiculously drunk.  They have a good variety of food here from different ethnic groups.  The prime rib cut was really good, nice and bloody, and they had a stuffed crab sole which I liked a lot.  The crab legs are a bit small and the seafood side lacks a little bit.  They have an Italian section but they don't offer custom made pastas...Besides the couple of dishes I like, overall I would have to say this place is pretty average for a vegas buffet.  The one at Bellagio is probably still my favorite.
4	This was our middle buffet on the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour tour.  As such, we didn't want to go crazy because we knew we were going to destroy the offerings at the Rio later on that day.  This place was definitely a step up from the Le Village buffet at Paris, which we had visited the night previously.What I really liked about this particular buffet is that they have clearly defined cuisines at each station.  There was Mexican, Mid-Eastern, Italian, American, and Asian.  Now I know they have those food selections at most buffets, but because they were self contained islands of food, they were all well stocked with a variety of foods true to their region of the world.  We didn't over-eat at this one (I know, what a shame!), but of the food I tried I was pleasantly surprised.  The standout selection for me was the Prime Rib, which is typically something I pass on at buffets (sorry, a slice of Prime Rib can take up a lot of valuable real estate in my stomach), but at the advice of my friend I went for a slice.  The Prime Rib here was slow roasted and cooked perfectly.  It was so tender it nearly melts in your mouth.  There was also a tasty spice rub on the outside that made you want to trim the edges off and parcel it out so that you can combine a little bit with each bite.  And to top it off the Au Jus was equally amazing.  Good job Spice Market!
4	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #7 of 7 6:30 PM (actual time was 7 PM)After leaving Paris, I drove next door to Planet Hollywood to cap off the night with the final stop in the Buffet of Buffets Marathon, the Spice Market Buffet.  There was a concert (George Clinton) in the theater, so parking was tough and we didn't get to the buffet until 7 PM.Even though I was completely stuffed from the 6 prior buffets, I somehow found the room to go for a final plate.  This buffet is one of the largest of the 7 and offers Mediterranean fare, which is unique to the other buffets. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=vV2f1x98dos-4W17IMuQBA I decided to have some Chinese food, Pizza, and Penne Pasta.....had to stick with my No Meat diet and these were the most appetizing items I found.  There's plenty here for omnivores....I'll have to come back when I'm off the wagon.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=pNEmoWdn6iNT-b9VrBJM-whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=4qodQ7gEHBC3bIOLVFgX6ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=xsm1D_pt_lknFpNlUwYXiwThe food was pretty good.  If I had more room, I'd go for some of the Mediterranean items.....the other Yelpers who tried it said it was pretty good.  I'll take their word for it.Our server was friendly and kept our glasses full.  We were seated in the middle of the buffet so we had easy access to the entire line of food.  Good stuff.Return Factor - 90%
4	Very large assortment of food!!!TBH, I ate at ~ 5 different buffets including the ones at Bellagio, Casear's Palace, Aria, Treasure Island, Paris etc, and this one was one of my preferred.I especially LOVED their dessert fruit tarts!
3	Good price for Vegas buffet, but the real test are the crab legs.I've been here several times, for dinner and lunch.  The overall selection is not bad.  I'm a big fan of naan (not sure if that's the right spelling, but the middle eastern flat bread), and they've got this egg-shaped kiln where they bake it fresh.  Good stuff.Now the crab legs, which can really be hit or miss.  I've been here several times, and the consistency isn't there.  Sometimes the crab legs are dry, sometimes overly salty, sometimes awesome.  Can't quite figure it out, but I would think they would be more consistent with the crab legs.The staff is pretty nice and responsive.The Sunday all-you-can-drink mimosa that comes with brunch is pretty cool.  What else would you wash down prime rib and fried chicken for brunch with?
3	A buffet is a buiffet. You get excited because youre so hungry and are dreaming of the glorious abundance of decadence and over eating that awaits you. Whenever i do any buffet i do just like my Mom taught me, which is no matter how much i want to over indulge on those damn chicken wings or the fried rice, i have to stop and think about which buffet items are the most costly to produce and have waiting here for me so that i truly get my moneys worth. Yes i know its very pretencious but smart!Crab legs - seemed fresh, chilled perfectly. Ive been noticing a lot of other buffets arent watching how they chill the crab legs because ive gotten frozen meat a lot after im breaking these shells which isnt cool. This place know the important of having the butter sauce, which makes it even better. Prime Rib - a staple among all buffets (sorry hometown) so you really just go off the quality. When i stepped up to the plate to select my cut and size i noticed a lonely and what appeared to be end cut of prime rib just waiting on the side of the cutting board so i then asked the butcher if he was saving that piece for someone. He said whoever asks, its theirs and also complimented me on my choice of cut since the end cut is bay far the best but not a lot of people know about it.....thanks House of Prime Rib for the knowledgeThe dessert selection was okay also, the bread pudding was delicious and for all you who love cotton candy, yes they have a machine here however unfortunately its not self serve.My main recommendation is that if doing any buffet in Vegas, you owe it to yourself really to do the 24 hour buffet pass which lets you do  series of buffets unlimited for 24 hours, the kicker being that the price isnt too far off from admission to a single eating buffet ticket
3	Overall: 3.5Food: 3.5Service: 3Stopped by here for brunch since we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  Food was better than the Bellagio buffet.  Fairly standard vegas buffet, nothing really stood out to me.Line can get pretty long around lunch time, so arrive early or be prepared to wait.
4	get there around 7:30 on Thur night, get in at 8:10.  middle east section: like the chicken tandoori, but stay away from Tabouli, really dry, like chewing grass, and tasteless, honey likes their hummus, grapes leaves wrap, and lamp kabob.   Don't like the Mexican pork chili stew, taste of the grease from pork skin and fat are too heavy to swallow.  as a chinese, their asian section do not look promising at all, I skipped it. honey said their kao pao chicken is kind of dry.  like the grilled aspargas.  one advise, drag the shrimp from the bottom, the one on the top are room temperatured.  the tempura is not bad.  I only try one spicy tuna sushi, average.  the good part is desert, the banana frosting crepe, I had half banana and half strawberry, it was great, if you still have room, try the cream burle.   This is the first one of my 24 hour pass.
4	Good value for what you are getting.  It's one of the better buffet on the strip.
3	Even though now the ownership is "Planet Hollywood", the set up and the food are almost identical to what Aladdin had when Aladdin still is managing this restaurant.  The price is okay which is around 30 for dinner.  Lunch I think is around 20, but I can be wrong.  To me, this place is no different than any other buffet place in Vegas, nothing really worth mentioned but it is not bad.
2	Went here for dinner on the last Vegas trip. Buy the 24 hour buffet for 48 bucks and you can hit 3 buffets in 24 hours. You will feel like a fat person cause you're going to be eating a lot. Arrived here for dinner and it wasn't too crowded. Our server (the person who gets you your drinks) kept ignoring our table, which was quite annoying. We saw people who were seated after us get their drinks before we got ours. Some food was just plain awful, like the chicken. It tasted like I was chewing rubber. The line wasn't too bad but when it gets busy, good luck. The good thing is the crab is already cut for you, unlike other buffets that make you work for it. Other than that, this buffet is like all of the other buffets in Vegas.
3	Decent breakfast buffet, everything was different and tasty. I especially loved "the Egg guy". Eggs cooked to the way I want them, instead of funny scrambled eggs that are served at almost every other Breakfast Buffet.
3	Went here for lunch .. was excited at first because of all the selections.. the food was not great at all. The best thing I ate there was probably the watermelon and the crepes. The mexican rice was so dry ! The steak had tons of fat in it. The breadstick was dry and flavorless. I prefer cravings at Mirage? or Treasure Island I forget which one it is. We just ate here because we stayed at PH. Dont think I'll be coming back.
5	Great place good food many styles of food to choose from, it is from all over the world. You can buy just one meal or buy a 24 hour pass and eat at other buffets in the area. Great food and great place. Lines are always long so get there early.
4	Crab legs, check.Pot Roast, check.Burritos (you have to make them yourselves), check.Kung Pao Chicken, check.Overpriced buffet, 3/4 of a check. :DWent here on a Saturday and it was heavily packed with many people, families, cheerleaders (the cheerleader competition was going on in the weekend I was in Vegas), and heavily dressed people.  My friend desperately wanted to go and they were having a sale where if you check into Facebook, there's a Pay One Person, Get Another Person Free deal.  AWESOME!!! I totally would have not gone if this deal wasn't there.  The price for ONE person is $30 and that's not worth it to me.  But, because of the deal, I would go again just for all the awesome food they have!! :D
3	I was too impressed with this buffet. Came here the other night with my girls and the buffet platters seemed unkept and the food was often overcooked. The only thing I really liked from here was the turkey, which was fresh and cooked perfectly. Otherwise, I wouldn't come back....
2	Went here for brunch on a Saturday with a friend. We got here between 10:30 and 11 am. Line wasn't long (especially when compared to some other places we passed), which was really the determining factor in going here.There were a lot of options on the buffet, but a bit heavier on the lunch vs. breakfast. The mimosas are included in the buffet price, which was cool. And I will say that I did enjoy the mimosas - they had a good balance of sparkling wine and orange juice. But the overall price was a bit expensive for my taste (probably pretty much in line with most buffets in Vegas).They had omelettes made to order, which was cool. But that was the only really special breakfast stuff they had. Other than that I got some fried potatoes, smoked salmon, french toast. I tried some of the desserts too and didn't really enjoy a single one.Overall, nothing was amazing, but everything was ok.
3	I've eaten at this buffet when it was still the Aladdin and I remember it was awesome back then.  When it changed to Planet Hollywood, I ate here for a family reunion dinner and it was decent, it was better back then.  So, we tried it out once more during our most recent adventure to Vegas.First off, $27.99 per adult for dinner, on a Monday?  That's Redonkulous with a capital "R."  Thankfully, I'm not complaining much because I got a BOGO coupon so technically, for the s/o and I, it was only $14 each.The buffet offerings were just okay.  Sure, they had crab salad and shrimp cocktail served in martini glasses but don't be fooled by it, it's not better quality, it's called perception.  They also had the usual Asian, Italian, American, Mediterranean and Seafood fare.  BTW, is it just me or do my fellow Asians act like savages when it comes to Crab Legs?  It's not like it's going to run out people, there's more where it came from, geez!  The salad bar, which was separated in opposite ends of the buffet had to be the sorriest salad bar I've ever experienced, even my hometown pizza parlor offers more salad toppings than this buffet!  But in the end, how can you be mad when they serve up fresh Cotton Candy?  Thankfully they put it high enough so the kiddies don't snatch it all up or get their cooties all over them. :)Overall, if I had paid full price, The Spice Market Buffet would've gotten 2-stars, no doubt.  But since I didn't, in my opinion, it was worth 3-stars.PS - Want a BOGO coupon too?  Just check in to Planet Hollywood on FourSquare, show your phone to the Rewards desk located near the bar and they'll give you your coupon.  Not sure how long this promo will last though.
3	buffets are buffets .. and lines are lines ... wheeeew hooow .. this was a line.  Get in line before you think you gonna be hungry
3	Came here twice, and the food was just okay. I've had better in Vegas, this would not be the buffet choice of place for me in Vegas.
3	Sunday brunch is the perfect way to cure the common hangover.  I'm the type of person that get's cranky HUNGRY after a night of partying and drinking. So this place makes me happy =) The buffet is located downstairs of planet Hollywood, usually when I go there isn't a huge like the other buffets in Vegas... the longest I had to wait was 30 minutes? There are so many different stations to choose from... Seafood, Italian, Japanese, Asian, Mediterranean, American, Mexican, and of course breakfast. Some of my favorites are the, Mediterranean meats, hummus, seafood pasta, fajitas, tomato soup, and sushi. Definiately a good choice if you don't want to wait too long in a buffet line.
2	2.5 stars, but I'll round down.Reading review online, this was suppose to be one of the best buffets in Vegas.  It was decent, but not something to ride home about.The theme is a world buffet, with different stations including Chinese, American, Mexican, Mediterranean and I think Japanese.  Though creative, each station only had a few dishes for each theme, which limitis the buffet.  My husband complained that the crab legs were undercooked.  He was not impressed by their selection of seafood, however this is not a seafood buffet.  I had a roast pork that was very juicy, but nothing spectacular.I'd say, skip this and go out to a restaurant instead.
4	I've been to Vegas many times and tried many a buffet and this is still my favorite.Obviously the entrees aren't going to be the same quality as if you went to a restaurant and ordered a single entree. If that is what you're looking for, then you shouldn't be considering a buffet at all.  I absolutely LOVE this buffet because I am really into middle eastern food (hummus, etc.) but what really makes it for me is the bottomless mimosa (I believe on weekends only). People complain about the price, but drink enough mimosas and you can come out way ahead.My friends and I always have a great time here; there is something for everyone and for a buffet, the food is pretty damn good. On an infamous Vegas trip, we got so sloshed from the mimosas here that one of my friend was actually cut off. Hilarious!
3	The best feature of this buffet was the prime rib which was excellent the night that I tried it. The mid-east and mexican food stations were also pretty good. Otherwise it was somewhat below average, especially the dessert section, which didn't have anything that was particularly appealing.
4	I would come back here again.  Just don't make this buffet your last buffet for the Buffet of Buffets especially if you're in a time-crunch.  I came here with about 40 mins left on my 24-hour Buffet pass and almost didn't make the cut because the line was long and it took them forever to seat everyone, even though there were TONS of tables on the seafood side.Unfortunately for me, because of the Buffet of Buffets, I wasn't that hungry.  But it's ok because seafood doesn't really fill you up.  So I went on an all out crab legs binge.  I do love the crab legs there: snow crab (which means those large crab legs with huge pieces of meat and not the scrawny ones you normally see in crappy buffets) and they're cut in half so you can easily extract the meat from the legs.  Yummmmm....The shrimp cocktail is also peeled for you so that's a plus since I can't stand peeling shrimp.As for the prime rib, I really didn't pay that much attention to it.  I had 1 slice and I still don't think it's as good as Paris' Le Village Buffet's prime rib.Our server was decent and pretty attentive.  I found the Usher/hostess ladies a bit on the grumpy side though since we heard them yelling at a couple who prematurely sat at the booth she was going to take them to anyway.
5	It's been about five years since I was in Vegas and this place is still great. My hubby and I went for dinner and I highly recommend getting the buffet pass for $45 (save $5 off $50 when you sign up for Total Rewards in the casino). We also added unlimited booze for an extra $12 pp. You can't beat this. It's all you can drink champagne, local beers plus Coronas and Heinekins, and wine. This is definitely one of my favorite buffets and has the best variety. There's Italian, Chinese, Mediterranean, Mexican, seafood, etc. My favorites were the Italian meatballs and spaghetti, crab legs, and the chocolate dipped strawberries. They have everything: pizza, prime rib, ham, ribs, veggies, rice, Mediterranean chicken, hummus... really too much to name and sure to please even the pickiest eater. My hubby really liked the spicy chicken tacos and the banana cream pie. The best part? They have big screen TV's everywhere and were playing the Canucks in the western conference finals. If you're a hockey fan, you'll understand the importance of this. We were there around 6:30 pm and waited for maybe 5 minutes. One tip - go during non-peak hours, before seven or after 9 to avoid the lines. Even better, start your buffet pass with a later dinner and finish off the next day with an early dinner and get 4 meals including 2 dinners!
2	I bought the buffet all day pass m decided to try out this place. Not one of the best buffets that I have been to. I love seafood but I'm not sure what the buzz was about the crab legs. For the price they are asking... I say pass... Pros: the staff are very nice and the place is very clean. Con: nothing really stands out in terms of food variety. Food tastes like hometown buffet or sizzlers .
2	This buffet is just your standard buffet.  There is nothing special about it, only eat here if you can get it for free with your Harrah's total rewards points.One particularly annoying thing (besides the food being not that great) is that they put the desserts on these big round plates so you can't hold more than a couple at a time.  So dumb.
4	Definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas! I think it was $32 per person this past MDW but I'm not exactly sure.. The normal price is around $27.99 for their dinner buffet.. I really liked the setup of this restaurant because every section was clearly labeled and it was easy to find the cuisine that you were craving.. They had a Middle Eastern, Mexican, Asian, American, Seafood, Salad, Italian, and Dessert section.. I tried their chicken and beef tacos, sushi, shrimp cocktail, king crab legs, prime rib, and apple pie.. Everything tasted great and I definitely had a good experience at this buffet.. For the price and quality I would say it's worth it to come dine here
3	I've tried multiple buffets in Vegas and this one falls somewhere in the middle.  I went for lunch, so it was my first trip with no crab legs.  We checked in on foursquare, so we received a two for 1 voucher which was nice.  The buffet costs about $45.00.    It came with Unlimited Mimomas on the Sunday but it was really Orange Juice in a champagne glass.  Let's show them how to really make those mimosas!The buffet is set up to have different cuisines: Seafood, Salad, American, Mexican, Asian, Mid-Eastern, and Dessert.  Here is what I recommend to get:  Smoked Salmon, Prime Rib (amazing, favorite of the night, melts in your mouth and offers fresh or sauce horseradish), Cocktail shrimp.  Please do not get the following:  Salmon Fillets (they were dry and overcooked and bland), Chicken Tandoori (Dry), Mid-Eastern Rice (not good at all).  Two of my table mates stuck with breakfast since the food was not the best.
1	A complete waste of money and time...thank goodness we were on the BOB (Buffet of Buffet)...visiting for lunch and it looked like food was slapped together.  Only half the buffet was open and the selection was very disappointing.The  surprising part was the disappointing food...at the carving station they were serving the NY strip...I love NY Strip, but this was closer to a shoe leather and tasted like it as well.  The rest of the buffet was bland, flavorless, boring, and a complete disappointment.Thank goodness we were on a BOB so aside from a tip, we left and went to Paris Village Buffet to make up for the disappointment.
2	this buffett wasn't bad, nor was it special in anyway.there are much better buffets on the stripthere is a wide variety of food, but none of it is super special.i like the breakfast way more than the dinner.service was pretty good though, my OJ was always filled up to the brim.
3	We did this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffet's" pass. We ate dinner at this buffet and waited in a HUGE line to be seated. My husband, the carnivore, liked this buffet very much and still mentions the yummy meatballs. However, i am a bit more of a Foodie and found the food to be not so fresh :) The hummus was crusty and the guacamole no good. My favorite thing about this place was the cotton candy! It was definitely not the worst place we visited with this pass, but it was not the best either.
5	In a rush right now but I'll make it quick.  I eat here every year I'm in Vegas.  You definitely not only get quantity but great quality for your $$.  Compared with Caesars buffet, which is more expensive and really pretty crappy I strongly recommend the Spice Market Buffet.  They even sometimes give you a birthday discount.
4	This is the 2nd buffet that I tried with David G, Sarah A and Minh D when we did the Buffet of Buffets.  Located in Planet Hollywood, this was yet another impressive selection of food!In my food haze, this is what I remember:Salad area:LettuceCreamy saladsGrilled veggiesSalad veggiesFruitA ton of different rollsMexican area:QuesadillasTortillasTaco fillingBeansGuacamoleSalsas, cheese, sour creamMexican omeletteChips Breakfast area:Scrambled eggsBaconBreakfast potatoes2 diff kinds of benedictFrench toastPancakesWafflesMade to order omelettesMiddle Eastern area:Tandoori chicken breastGrilled veggie skewersBaba ghanoushItalian area:PizzaMeat lasagna rollsGrilled veggiesPastasGarlic breadsticksMediterranean area:Prime rib w/jus and horseradishMashed potatoesSteamed veggiesStuffed pork loin w/applesSeafood area:Stuffed solePaellaShrimp cocktailSushiLoxAsian area:Dim sumChinese foodEggrollsDessert area:Make your own crepesChocolate & Vanilla mousse in chocolate shellsFruit tartsCheesecakeFlanCotton candyCookiesPeach cobblerBread puddingCakesBanana cream pieFruit piesCookiesSelf serve chocolate & vanilla frozen custard with cones and toppingsDanish assortmentI likely missed some things, so you'll have to go check it out yourself.Oof.....I need to lie down now.....
4	Day 2 and onto our 2nd buffet, we all decided on coming to The Spice Market. This buffet is located down a set of escalators just inside the Miracle Mile entrance of Planet Hollywood. The cashier desk is located in the middle of the Buffet. Since we already bought a 24 hour pass all we had to do is show our ID's and our Total Rewards card and we were in!!Lucky for us, that we were seated at a table that was close to the action. Large plasma tv's were hanging in different area's and had either MTV Hitlist or ESPN on.This buffet is on the smaller side but make no mistake it holds alot of yummi foods!!Highlights of the action:Tandoori chicken, hummus, couscous, stuffed tomatoes with ground lamb, Pita bread,lamb skewers,tabouleh, chicken in curry sauceCrepe-making station All different kinds of saladsTacos,Quesadillas,Tortillas, Guacamole and SalsaHam and Prime rib All kinds of yummi breakfast foods:Eggs, Bacon, French toast, Pancakes, Waffles, Hash browns and who can forget the made to order omelettes!!Pizza, Lasagna, Garlic breadsticks and Pastas with different saucesShrimp Cocktail, Sushi (again i wouldnt recommend),Crab legsEggrolls, Noodles and Dim sumDessert:Cotton Candy (heck yeah)Ice CreamCookiesPiesCakes and the list keeps going and going!Our waiter was kind and our water glasses were always refilled when asked,plates were cleared after we were finished as well! Only beef i have is when i went to the carving station there was no one there. I waited along with a couple other hungry customers for about 2-3minutes till one of the servers noticed he had a line. Geez buddy, if you know its busy then stay out where we can see you!!!
4	I'm going to keep this review short and simple. I've been eating at this buffet since the Aladdin opened up. The quality has always been there but the selection is limited compared to some of the other ones.You can read my fellow Yelpers reviews for the nitty gritty. I'm only going to review the crepe station.You can choose from apples, strawberries, and bananas foster. I went for the bananas foster not once but twice. The crepes are loaded with bananas and topped with powered sugar. Chocolate syrup is drizzled on top. I absolutely loved it. If I could, I would have those crepes everyday for the rest of my life, I'd be a diabetic too, but I don't care!
3	I'm veeeeeeery picky when it comes to buffets...particularly Vegas buffets. My mind automatically raises the buffet-bar when I step off the plane and into Sin City. So with that said, The Spice Market Buffet at Plant Hollywood was ehh.There's a decent amount of food that stretches along the entire back wall of the buffet. It was kinda inconvenient for a hungry hound like myself. I had to use my legs and feet to walk, yes WALK, from one end of the buffet to the other. But along the way I found some interesting items [during lunch] that peak my interest, some good and some not. I found it very interesting that they had a decent selection of Middle Eastern food. Not many buffets that I've had to opportunity to try never cover that part of the globe.Overall, taste and quality of food was aight. I wasn't really impressed, but I mean it got the job done.What I was impressed with was the desserts. They've got a crepe-making station that wasn't half bad. They've got a few different fruits to put in the crepes [strawberries, cherries, banana, etc.] and they'll even throw on some whipped cream and chocolate sauce if you're into that kinda thing. The only thing that irked me was that the fruit was drenched in a sugary syrup, or as the kids call it "sizzzzurp."Service was okay. Our server [are they still servers at buffets??] cleaned plates in a timely fashion, told us some stories and made some small talk.I mean SMB was okay, don't get me wrong, but for the cost and quality of everything, I'm sure there are other buffets that would be a better bang for the buck [one in particular comes to mind]. But it's worth a whirl at least once.
4	The food is actually good, the Italian food and Asian food is very little options to choose from but overall the food is decent. The Mexican food is not good, but the American is very yummy. The desserts looked really good  but I was to full to try any.
1	So far I've only tried Harrah's & here & PH....spice market is gross.  Food selection is poor, and the quality is even worse.  Avoid this place!
3	My friends and I decided to come here the day after going to a pool party because we didn't want to be sporting our food babies in public. :) We arrived around 3:30 and there was a small line, so we got seated pretty quickly. They were still serving breakfast in the late afternoon, which was totally a plus for me.. and everyone else in Vegas who struggles to wake up any time before 12:00 haha. Most of the food was pretty average-- nothing out of the ordinary. I'd have to say my favorite part was the "Mid-Eastern" section in the middle of the buffet. Since we came in so late, they were actually switching out the breakfast/lunch food with the dinner selections. This was pretty awesome because we paid the lunch price and actually got to eat some crab legs too! If you're trying to save time by only eating one meal in Vegas, I'd suggest hitting up the buffet in the late afternoon. :)
2	It was alright.  I know it's not bellagio buffet but I expected better customer service.  The food was average.  You get what you pay for.  But the service.. well.. not that great.  We had to keep hunting our waiter down to get drinks and refills.  Don't think I'll come back any time soon.
4	Buy the 24 hr unlimited citywide buffet pass! It's a great deal since it cost the same as a single meal pass. This is a large buffet with a variety of choices. They offer Mexican, Asian, Italian, and Seafood. They also have a nice dessert station with cotton candy! The line does get really long during lunch and dinner. One time I had to wait in the casino area before getting to wait in the actual line downstairs in the buffet area. I recommend coming early to avoid the long wait. Sign up for the Total Rewards card to get a discount on the 24 hr buffet pass. It's free to sign up and it will save you about $5 per pass. The Total Rewards desk is near the buffet so you can quickly signup and head straight to Spice Market. My top two buffet in Vegas is this place and the Carnival World buffet at the Rio. The Carnival World buffet is also part of the 24 hr deal. So if you get the 24 hr pass from Spice Market you can also go to the Carnival World buffet and eat as much you want for as long as you want within 24 hours!
5	I am usually not the biggest fan of buffets when I am in the area of Las Vegas. This one though was actually my most enjoyable one this time around. I went here in 2009 and paid the $27.99 for dinner and I guess was just not thrilled in general with the experience. I thought yeah a bit overpriced. This time I got a free $20 voucher to use at any harrah's property from one of those games.  I got here right before the lunch ended at 4Pm and got to use my redemption.  Food was alright this time, hahaha. Got to make my way around all the different food areas: mexican, Asian, italian, Seafood.  The crab legs were definitely on point. Better in fact here than at some other buffet location as well.  I recommend come here prefer lunch to me, but it was still a good deal.  Line wait was actually not that bad but I have seen it completely packed. I guess because it was still the transition from lunch to dinner, was just lucky to still get put under the lunch category and not pay anything extra with my voucher.-I will definitely go back next trip to the area. I look forward to those crab legs again and chinese food section. I went here the last day of my trip so I was a bit sad because I knew this was the last food I would consume in las vegas. It was time to end all the fun.
4	An unexpected treat from my "auntie" from France and a nice gesture by an employee to move my cane-assisted 'uncle" to the front of the long line got Saturday evening started right.  Well, almost right because I hadn't been preparing all day for a buffet...(Ironically, the seater then made us walk, uncle and all, all the way to the back corner of the place.)Decent amount of variety, although a lot of it wasn't premium buffet stuff. King crab and prime rib were obviously the best picks overall, but I liked a lot of the other dishes, including the 4th of July special pulled beef with baked beans, the lamb kebobs and baba ghanouj, the fried shrimp (overly battered but still good), the italian sausage... mmm. Desserts were good too, especially the creme brulee and apple pie for me. Also, that frozen custard just somehow tastes different from the usual frozen yogurt...Overall, it was a great meal, but not quite an unforgettable variety of victuals.P.S. A foursquare check-in at the proper Planet Hollywood Resort can get you $5 off for this buffet.
3	Went here for a late lunch with the Buffet of Buffets deal. I enjoyed the prime rib, desserts and seafood sections, but was pretty off-put by the crab legs.The buffet itself is really very comfortable, perhaps the most of the buffets I sampled wit Buffet of Buffets. The ambiance is very nice and they played lots of good music! (90's FTW!)I digress...Spice Market has a wonderful spread that encompasses a lot of different ethnic cuisines. I tried my best to sample a little of each and all of it was really fare game. I do, however, feel that sometimes some of the food can get dry or stale, and that a little more attention could have been paid to what was out there! I've never seen a buffet actually run out of food (aside from crab legs) for an extended amount of time as much as I had at Spice Market.The prime rib was very good. Not overly seasoned on the outside crust (which some might like), beefy, tender and medium rare. The crab legs are served nicely, cut in half along the length of the leg to make getting the meat out really easy. What I didn't like was the temperature. Half were brought out of the fridge, immersed in their own juices and simply served "chilled" without ice. These legs had a really off putting flavor and wetness to them. The legs they warmed up were "resteamed" but were often not heated enough. Lukewarm crabs aren't so great. The desserts were good. Cotton candy was a bonus!
4	Still my favorite buffet in Vegas.  I love the layout... easy to navigate and maneuver through.  Great selection of seafood and cuisines.  Prim Rib is always top when I've eaten here.  They have an option of steamed or cold crab legs... I prefer cold.  Desserts are a heavenly toothache.Recommendation: Buy the Buffet of Buffets all day pass and graze on buffets throughout the day sans stuffing your face. http://www.caesars.com/buffets/faq.html
1	Stood in line for about an hour after a long nights drive and morning on the strip, I was STARVING! We waited upstairs and were let onto the escalator where I thought we were to be seated, but NOPE! There was about another two hour long waiting line downstairs! I immediately left very hungry and pissed off and could tell the others in line were just as mad as I was. P.S. the service is lousy. The guy letting people downstairs was a jerkoff. Went to CaboWabo instead.
4	We went around 11 am on Sunday and it was surprisingly empty. Aren't people supposed to be having Sunday brunch?? But hey, I have no problem with not standing in line. One of my friends didn't want to have the buffet but still wanted to sit with us and they accommodated her, so that was nice.I don't have much to compare to quality-wise because I'm not a Vegas buffet connoisseur, but this was pretty good! I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food, and their hummus and babaganoush were surprisingly good. I usually expect that quality only from middle eastern restaurants!My friend was disappointed with the Mexican food, but that's the only con that really comes up. I'd come back!
4	We went to Spice Market Buffet around 10:45 am to eat lunch and paid breakfast price. There's also $5 coupon out there if you google it, so we saved $20 for group of four, which is pretty sweet deal especially in Vegas. For food, it was very good for its price. Although it's little bit below Bellagio Buffet quality, it gets the job done without a doubt. Selection was plentiful, I couldn't try all of it even I stayed around there another 45 minutes or so LOL. You gotta try cakes, those were fantastic in my opinion. One bad thing about the buffet? Well.. I got on the escalator to the casino floor and saw Pai Gow Poker Table. You know the story.. lost $250 in one hour and left bad taste in my mouth afterward LOL : P
1	I have no idea what the other reviewers are smoking, because this food was completely inedible. I am by no means a snob about food.  I like everything from In N' Out to organic free range beef.  I just like food that tastes good, the end. And when I am hungover and starving, I am incredible easy to please when it comes to food. So, Sunday morning in Vegas I could have eaten just about anything and have been happy. However, I took one bite of each thing on my plate- which was a sampling from each different cuisine "area," and couldn't stomach a second bite of anything. It was so incredibly gross, there is no other word for it. I was in a group of five people and we all could not believe how disgusting the food was.  We all left hungry- from a buffet!!I really can't understand how anyone could give this buffet a positive review on Yelp.  I can only hope that I can save someone their $25 by stopping them from eating here. We almost warned the people in line as we were leaving.  The only good part about our meal was our server, Nina, who was so friendly and sweet and amazing, we didn't have the heart to tell her how bad the food was. Plus it's not like she cooked it, anyway. So, this one star is for you, Nina!
4	I have liked this buffet over the years and I still do.  There are better ones in the general area, but this has many items that make a visit here a treat.Their grilled vegetables--yellow squash, eggplant, carrots, red onion, and asparagus were all very tasty and grilled just right.  I like their split crab legs and the peeled shrimp.I have always like the Spice Market's cheese tray.  I had some nice pieces of bleu cheese this evening to enjoy with dinner.Then I turned my attention to the Middle Eastern section where I had some lamb kebabs, chicken kebab, and hummus.  I enjoyed them all.Finally, dessert.  For the first time at this buffet, I had their made to order crepe.  I tried the Bananas Foster.  It's semi hand made as the crepes are pre-made.  The cook heats the crepe in a pan and adds whatever filling you want from a nice selection, folds it, and puts any topping on it you want.Service was excellent.  The server brought me a new glass of iced tea before I was finished with the one I had.  We will be back.
3	We came here for dinner as our first stop for the Buffet of Buffet $45 deal. I had high hopes for this place based on all the reviews, but I was sadly disappointed. For dinner, I prefer the World Carnival buffet at Rio. It definitely has more selection. Yes it was cool they have cotton candy as a dessert, but by the end of your meal, the last thing you want to stuff in your mouth is a fluff of sugar. I was also excited about the cheese they had, unfortunately most of the cheese was dried out and getting hard. Out of all the things I ate, the best thing there was the crab legs. They weren't too salty or watery like other buffets and I do like how they cut them in half so it's easier to get the meat out. Other than that, there was nothing special about the food. Definitely stop by the Rio buffet instead if you are only going to one dinner buffet.
3	Some of the food were really good, especially the middle-eastern and italian selections. The mexican section didnt have too much... just tacos and fajitas. The asian food was 'ok' but the snow-crabs were pretty good so i couldnt complain. But honestly... for 35 bucks a person... cant they at least serve steak? lobster? something thats actually worth 35 bucks?! The lines were sooooo long. I think no matter when you go, the line will be long. we got lucky and didnt have to wait long since we had a group of 9 people and ended up seated in the back in like a banquet type area for large groups. There was alot of fruit selections and ice cream and cotton candy for dessert. Overall is was a 3.5... but I'd rather give it a 3 since it really wasnt worth 35 bucks.
2	This place wasn't gross, but it wasn't good. I honestly just got a ton of salad and ice cream. I'd be pissed if I spent the full price on it but my friend checked in on Foursquare so we got a buy-one-get-one voucher so it was like $30 for the two of us for dinner. I guess it was fun to try a buffet in Vegas but maybe my expectations were a little too high? I'd rather have spent twice that and had a real meal at a good restaurant.The desserts were the best part.
1	Its my pet peeve when buffets have a label that says "Eggs Benedict"Excuse me Planet Hollywood but those were more like McDonalds egg mcfuffin with fake hollandaise sauce!! The eggs were no where near "poached"Ok so besides that irritating me, I must say, this has been one of the worst buffets I've tried in Vegas. Save that $15. Go to the M Resort for $10 instead or try the Wynn for breakfast. They are so much better.I must have came in on bad day. But it was Monday for breakfast and the employees took an incredibly long time to refill the stations....so long that when I left 30 minutes later, it still wasnt refilled. So there goes the pastry station for me. Everything else just seemed so "watered down or over cooked" Not worth my money. Will not be returning to this buffet or casino! Reviewing the casino next!
1	Don't do it... Save you're money for the M resort Studio B buffet it might be off the strip and 15mins away but its worth it. Spice Market was mediocre and costly for absolutely no selection. I should of read the reviews before going there...Shame on me!!
3	This WAS the best buffet in Vegas many years back. The spacing is quite congested and not modern. Dinner price was $27.99 with a 10% discount if you're staying at Planet Hollywood. There were stations representing different ethnic areas, American, Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Italian as well as a dessert and salad station. The good;  chicken curry, tandoori chicken, crab legs and fried chicken the mediocre; prime rib, desserts and the salads, the bad; minestrone soup, spring rolls and the fried shrimp. Pay a little more and go to Aria, Wynn, Bellaggio or Cosmopolitan.WOULD I GO BACK? If I were staying at Planet Hollywood and too lazy to venture out.....yes.
5	who is that person who gives a less than 5 star for this place. is it price that made them do that? If yes, they should not have come here in first place.Great choice of food for everyone in the world. I usually try different food but my friends do not. Everyone liked the food here. If I go to vegas I will make sure I never miss this place.
4	Cant beat the size and selection!  What a huge selection of items.  Very decent quality for the price.  Definitly one of the best on the strip.  Best selection is of course for dinner.
4	Tip...go for a really late lunch, (3:30pm or so) and hang around for the dinner selections that come out about 4:30pm. Really nice buffet! Great variety of selections! The crab legs were a bit salty. Very friendly/helpful staff!
4	I agree with Fiona, go for a really late lunch or early dinner.  the line can get ridiculous and I don't want to pay $12 per person to "cut" in line..With that said, I thought this was a pretty good buffet.  The food was good and the desserts were even better!  There was a lot of variety to choose from which is good.
4	I love how there was a variety of stations of food to choose from, like American, Asian, Italian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Soup and more. Every thing that I dumped on my plate was delicious, well mostly... It was pretty disappointing when it came down to the crab legs, DAMN IT those were the ones I was looking forward to. & I couldn't find any "BUTTAH"... The hot AND also the cold crab legs were just too salty. And trust me I love to sprinkle my food with salt, to the point that I should "Halt the salt", but this one I just had to push it away to the side.   & since I was hung-over after my first night... lol I asked for some apple juice. I don't know if it was just me hella hung-over, but that was the BEST FXCKIN' apple juice I ever had, EVER!!! It was so good, it quenched my thirst and I love how the waitress put some ice in my apple juice, even when I asked for a re-fill. HEEEY, most people just don't do that... so I tipped her. See it's the little things that count too and I do take notice of, ya know.Anyways... if your planning a trip to Vegas, I HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU GET THE BUFFET PASS, ALL ACCESS TO EAT AT 7 DIFFERENT BUFFETS, VALID FOR ONLY 24 HOURS, FOR $49.99 (non- member)!!! Com'on, you can't bet that offer. This buffet pass saved me $$$ and it will for you too!BUFFET PASS INFO: http://www.caesars.com/buffets/faq.html
4	Great choice as an intermediate buffet... you guys know what I'm talking about!! You know??? When you're so sick of buffets from the first buffet you dined at but somehow still want the best bang for your buck on the 2nd meal...why do anything else?! Buffet #2 here you come. the Spice Market Buffet always has a warm spot in my heart because of their brunch. How can you not love made to order OMELETS??? They have the typical omelet items... ham, onions, mushrooms, green onions, cheese... but you want to know the secret? Here's the secret: go get a slice of the prime rib... chop it up yourself... then bring the plate w/ your chopped primed rib to the station and have (ARGUABLY) the best omelet experience of your life... haha, CLEVER, eh?! The Spice Market Buffet has other items that are kind of unique--I love their shrimp tempura, smoked salmon and cream cheese, and crepes!! YUM... super buttery, but yum. Come for Champagne Brunch and get your grub on w/ some mimosas, how can you complain when you can eat and drink?!! WINNER WINNER, CHICKEN DINNER (in this case, chicken brunch).Great place to go, would get 5/5 but that's more reserved for the M-Buffet where you can get everything I just listed for about half the price on a weekday.  But the M's 9 miles away if you're on the strip, so convenience garners a strong review--well done SPICE MARKET.P.S. I love walking thru the Miracle Mile Shops too--good way to build up an appetite.
4	I love this buffet. It's one of my favorites on the strip. They really do have a little bit of everything there. Their crab legs come pre-cracked too! They got me a chair & a glass of water while my BF stood in line since I'm 34 weeks pregnant. They kept making sure I was okay which I thought was incredibly sweet. Would've gotten 5 stars if they didn't ask us to leave, stating we were the last people there.
4	You really can't go wrong with buffets in Las Vegas. The Spice Market is definitely one of my favorites on the strip. They have a wide range of different ethnic foods to choose from. You have your typical ham carving station, seafood, American, Indian, Mexican, Chinese and others.What I love most here is their desert station. Their Creme Brulee is too DIE FOR! Once you dig your spoon into this piece of work, you will hear the crunchiness of the top layer down to the creamy insides. It's was so delicious that I was on a mission to find the chef who created it! I spoke with the baker near the desert station, but she couldn't tell who "created" it. They just follow directions on how to make it. My fiance thought I was crazy for doing that.Anyways, a must visit buffet if you're in Vegas. Oh yea... try the Creme Brulee!
1	I can't believe some of the ratings.  Did we go to a different buffet?  The one at Planet Hollywood?  We were on line for 45mins even when we could see there were empty tables because the staff couldn't get them cleaned fast enough and the front of the house couldn't coordinate with the waitstaff.  When we were finally seated, our waiter was nowhere to be seen.  I saw a waitress, for another table of course, who was carrying a platter of hot towels with lemons on top of them, but I guess those were for patrons who were paying more for their food than we were.They had a great many different stations, but really, someone thought they were serving Chinese food?  Did anyone even consult a Chinese?  And the seafood, what a laugh.  Do people know that almost all the buffets in Vegas have shrimp and  snow crab legs.  I know it's fashionable to be skinny but I don't want crabs that were on a diet.  My husband says that for all the stink of the seafood, there weren't enough meat on them to compensate.  We didn't stay around too long.  When we thought about the $70 (including tip) that we paid, we left with a slight tummy ache (and not from a full stomach) but it was better than trying to eat the mush.  There was food spilled all around the stations that no one cleaned up and pasta that came up as one lump when I tried to grab some with the tongs.  It was better to leave than to sit there and get upset.  Never going back there again.
2	I'm sad because I've eaten at Spice Market before, about a year ago, and remember liking it just fine.This time around either the quality was lower or my taste has gotten better. Either way, the champagne brunch was really not worth the price. Crab legs? None. Oysters? Nada. Champagne? Creme brulee? Nowhere to be found.Still, the food was worthy of 3 stars. I knocked one star off for service. When we were being seated, the host was a little condescending toward my Uncle for no apparent reason. Once we were seated, our waitress never once checked to see if our glasses needed to be refilled. We literally had to hunt her down for refills the entire meal, and when we did get her attention it was easily a 10-15 minute wait for refills. Often instead of helping her tables she was chatting with her co-workers. Our plates were also not cleared very often.FINAL VERDICT: edible, inattentive service, but really not worth the money
2	We went in August 2014, armed with a buffet of buffets pass.  Even at the discounted price this buffet wasn't worth it.  The food was even more tasteless and tired than last time.  I wouldn't go back-I went here with my husband and two kids for dinner. Dinner was $23 after a $5off coupon available online, $15 for the kids.  There was quite a lot of variety of food, most, if not all, geared to American palates. I found three things I liked: the short ribs, spare ribs and pork buns. The prime rib was good, but make sure you get a juicy slice from the center. Most other dishes were OK, buffet rather than restaurant (or home) quality.  Many of the meats were pretty dry.  The desserts, in particular, were a great disappointment. They looked pretty but had no flavor and were not worth the calories. Best choices are the banana cream pie (sans the artificial topping), the cheesecake and the creme brulee. My youngest liked the cotton candy.I probably wouldn't return, I'd pay more and try something better reviewed.Complete review at: http://www.marga.org/foodblog/2011/08/spice-market-buffet-planet-hollywood-resort-las-vegas-review/
4	This place is very good. Better than most of the rest of the buffets on the strip. the price is good about $20 a person for dinner. I am very picky. The quality of the food is on top of my list with service coming next. Both of my requirements were met to really lik ethis place. I have been to most of the buffets and this one is one of the top 3.
4	I still like the buffet, but I think it's gone downhill in the past few years (since the hotel became the ph instead of a Starwood Aladdin).I think every food is still present as before, just lower quality (lesser quality ingredients, not as well prepared, or not as fresh).  Definitely better for dinner than lunch.  Nothing really stands out on its own.With the Buffet of Buffets pass, it's an excellent value.
4	This place was great for me and my husband--hard to achieve as I am a no-meat, no-fish vegetarian and he eats nothing BUT meat and fish... He liked the dressing-stuffed pork loin and turkey with cranberries and apples, and the creme caramel...I liked the Moroccan stew, the garlic mashed potatoes, the mac and cheese, the dried fruits, the cheeses, the veggie skewers, the cotton candy, and the chocolate mousse tarts. It's about $20 per person and well worth it!
3	When compared to some of the other buffets in Vegas, this one is better than most.  My bff and I usually get the 24 hour pass so we can bounce between PH, Paris, and Caesars.  When you use the pass, we think it is a good value and the food is fine.  Nothing extra spectacular, but certainly not bad.  It was handy when we just wanted a snack and a cup of coffee!
5	This place is to die for! My boyfriend and I were here for valentines day and we decided to check out this buffet because we heard great things about it. The line was really long so it took us about an hour to be seated. The price seemed expensive at first but it was worth it!I had about 3 or 4 plates of food! Everything was so delicious, unlike any other buffet i've been to. I had everything from sushi to shrimp tempura to chicken curry! The desserts were yummy as well. The staff was attentive and brought us our drinks literally a minute after we asked for them.Overall, this was the best buffet i've been to and I would recommend it. I know that I'm definitely going back!
1	Richard Pro here with another review. I've had extensive experience dining at Las Vegas buffets for the past seven years.Back when this hotel was Aladdin, the buffet was unbelievable. You'll see outside when you line up all the awards the buffet has won. Sadly, this is all in the past. The buffet today at Planet Hollywood is awful and nothing compared to before. The dim lighting had always been a turn off to me, but the food used to be so amazing and unique that I had to come here every time. Now I don't make any stops at this buffet during my annual trip to Vegas in December.Taste and variety leave much to be desired. Food here used to taste like it was made by a real chef. Now the food tastes like something anyone can make. One star. I hate how the buffet began as king, the best on the Strip, and transformed into a place with terrible food.
4	Planet Hollywood's spice market buffet was the same as 1 year ago. There were no lines so getting straight to a table a breeze. SERVICE:The waitress a very nice young  lady took or drink orders and under a minute we got our drinks. FOODThe food was decent but not as great. Some of the food selections were good but still the same.The prime rib was great :P the other food For EX: Chicken /lamb were dry dry dry. I needed two cups of water to wash it down.DESERT:The selection of desert was amazing. The had every thing from crambrula to fresh cotton candy. Every thing was not to sweet but just hit the right spot. Also they had crepes in many flavors . I recommend going anytime possible to enjoy endless food.
4	everything good!
4	This is my boyfriends' favorite buffet place to go to.  I feel its a little bit above average.  For this particular visit, the crowd was crazy.  They had a special where you could skip the line if you pay an additional $12/person.  At first, I thought that was crazy...but we basically saved probably an hour and half wait.  So, it was definitely worth it.Service wise - our waiter was very friendly.  Never had to ask for a refill.  He even brought us A-1 sauce for my boyfriend's prime rib!  Which was his absolute favorite.Food - Prime rib is a plus.  My personal favorite is the Shrimp Tempera.  Amazing with the Chile Sauce.  I love the hummus and lamb.  I wish they had a bit more to choose from in their Italian section.  Dessert wise is amazing.  My favorite there was the cotton candy.  Definitely hit the spot.  Definitely a decent buffet to go to if you are near Planet Hollywood.
5	Price is now $25 for the brunch and champagne automatically included.  It was even better this time than when I was last there.  I actually enjoyed more than the Bellagio's.  Crab stuffed sole, buffalo shrimp, pork brisket, tandoori chicken all excellent.  Dessert chef went to back room to get a fresh batch of pie for me they were out of on display and was nice about it.  Low line at 1:30 on a Saturday surprised me.  Everything was great, even down to the pineapple.  Champagne quality seemed a bit higher than I recall, too.  You actually don't need to mix with OJ now to stomach it.
4	I always have a good experience here at the Spice Buffet. I've been here a couple times now even before it was Planet Hollywood. Food is always good, you're not going to be disappointed when dining here!They have different stations like every other buffets! Food is amazing! Dessert station is good! Def a stop when you're in Vegas!
5	A must go to buffet if you enjoy seafood. One word of advice, there are two separate places for crab legs, one tray is warm and the other tray is cold. The crab legs are already cut open, what more could you ask for!? Also, they serve complimentary coffee or hot tea after your meal. If you don't ask your server for it, the won't offer it.
1	i am not sure why there would be any review higher than 1.  ppl giving this place a good review must not had a decent buffet before.  everything we had was super salty.  the prime rib was raw, and all the fruits there are from cans.  the only things that were ok were the shrimp cocktails and the salad.  my friend had stomach sickness the same night after dining here.
4	Did Buffet of Buffets deal and went to Paris's Village buffet, and Rio's World buffet before this one. I'm rating this one half a star higher because unlike the other 2 buffets, the Spice Market buffet has fully peeled shrimp and halved snow crab legs which allows for rapid consumption of the two.  Overall food quality was slightly higher.  The prime rib was a little more tender and the fish was a little more moist.   Has typical Vegas buffet selection.  Less French food than Paris's Village buffet, less "World" food than Rios world buffet.  Still has fresh made crepe and a good mediterranean section though.   Slightly smaller food selection in exchange for notably higher food quality.
4	Very good buffet, also part of the $54 for 24 hours. If you use your players card it knocks off $10. Service was also very good.
4	One of the buffets in the Buffet of Buffets tour. Went here for an afternoon snack so it's wasn't too busy at all. Heard about the crepes and the freshly spun cotton candy so off we went to try.Overall, the food offerings were pretty decent. Mid-easterm section was good, prime rib was tasty, seafood was pretty decent. I liked the half-shelled crab legs. Dessert section was good with a lot to choose from. The crepes though good was only dessert, no savory crepes. They pre-make the crepe "cakes" before warming up and adding the sweet ingredients. The cotton candy brought us back to childhood. A nice treat that's different from other buffets in the tour.Service was good, but our server was an older guy and seemed kinda annoyed at something. Didn't seem all that friendly but did get us our drinks quick.*They do offer wine and spirits for an additional cost if have the Buffet of Buffets pass.a solid 3.5 stars.
5	The food at this place was great  lots of different things to choose from and everything was fresh and up to par. The citrus marinated chicken was well seasoned, the black pepper peel-and eat shrimp was exquisite. But my fav and my hubby's as well was the ceviche , talk about freshness. We actually went there twice that day since we had the 24-hr pass buffet.The champagne kept on coming at brunch and of course free of charge, the waitress did not even give us time to ask her for anything she was always around. The service was impeccable. A lot of food to choose from. Can't wait to visit again.
4	Crab legs = delicious!
5	The best buffet on the strip, hands down. It's $22-ish for lunch but worth every penny. I'm not sure if they do it all the time, but they offered us an unlimited booze for $12 deal on top of lunch (beer, white wine, champagne and bloody marys included only). Probably the best booze deal on the strip if you stay there for a few hours like we did! Most of the food is delicious. Nobody leaves hungry. Arrive minutes before 11am to pay breakfast price but eat lunch!
1	Considering it's Vegas, this buffet needs to step it up. And I somewhat left hungry because nothing there was good besides my chocolate crepe.Bellagio's is much better!
3	Pretty much like any average buffet.  They do have it in sections for the different types of food so that is nice.  The food is nothing special, but not bad at all.  They do have a nice all you can drink for a good price.  As long as your server is fast you can pretty much keep the drinks coming.
4	Food is pretty normal, ethnic foods aren't to die for and are toned down to meet the tastes of the masses, prime rib is to die for! I went to breakfast and it was alright, now the worst but not the best, four stars because it really is good, but not as great as the other one I went to, it's a fair second though.
3	The buffet was decent. Not the best but still edible. The tri tip was the only thing that really was worth it.
3	Had lunch here with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  This place was average. the good was that there was a variety of ethnic foods.  Some dim sum items.  there were some (small) crab legs.  Overall the taste was average.  Probably won't come back, but if i had no choice, I wouldn't mind too much.
3	Pretty good buffet! 3.5 stars.I like the variety but the decor and the lighting in this place are not so good. It's so freaking dark and plain in here. Here are the food highlights and lowlights:Highlights:- Both hot steamed and cold steamed King crab legs (my husband loves hot crab legs, so he was thrilled to have this option) that are halved for you to not have to crack yourself- Middle Eastern section -- delicious, but the ground lamb-stuffed tomatoes were in dire need of seasoning- Delicious chocolate and raspberry mousse-y and wafer-y layer cake- A lot of variety and range- Delicious rolls- Crab salad- Freshly spun cotton-candyLowlights:- No good soup- Customer service is lacking -- it took a long time for our server to check on us, grab our plates, and refill drinksBottom line: We'll come back for sure! I think we just caught them in the middle of a dinner rush!
4	Was in Vegas in January. Back in September. Went to Spice Buffet again. I still love this buffet. So much to chose from. Love the international mix.
2	We waited in a line and paid $28 for our dinner - plus an $11 all-you-can-drink option! On a positive note the drink option is awesome and they have a literal plethora of food. They also had hot steamed crab legs which was a huge plus. Unfortunately there wasn't anything I thought was delicious. They really had a problem keeping hot food hot and cold food cold. I would not recommend this to anyone with taste buds.
5	Being the foodie that I am, I can safely say that I've tried all the significant buffets in Las Vegas- some more than once. They all fail in comparison to The Spice Market Buffet. Of all the big casinos offering a buffet, this one has the most variety and the best quality. Every station had food that was both authentic and delicious with my favorite being the Middle Easter section. Their chicken Tandoori was perfect.
4	Crab legs!! Cotton candy!! Yummy!!
4	For the price, it's kind of hard to beat Spice market buffet. I've stayed at Planet Hollywood my last two vegas trips and I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the Spice market. Without breaking the bank at buffets like Belagio, spice market is a bang-for-the-buck buffet. My top pics at this buffet:Crab legs, Mediterranean kabobs, pork loin, and definitely the french silk pie!
2	The food is subpar here. The Rio is way better.I came here because it's part of the Buffet of Buffets.Go for the Cotton candy and pre-sliced crab legs. The chinese and indian stations looked very sad. I made myself fancy salads with chilled shrimp and snow crab legs.The crepe station makes sweets only. It's really greasy compared to the Paris buffet.It's a pretty small buffet.
4	Any buffet that allows you to do the pay-for-lunch, stay-for-dinner trick automatically deserves extra points.Great buffet, nice selection, quite a few favorites.  Lunch is not quite as good as dinner.  I particularly enjoyed the prime rib and teriyaki wings.  Also, chocolate-dipped strawberries for dessert.  And cotton candy.  I signed up for the Planet Hollywood Rewards card and got a $5 off buffet coupon on top of that.  Not too shabby.
4	We went here for a lunch buffet on Sunday. The place was pretty empty and we didn't have to stand in line. We also only paid $20 bucks and had some of the best food ever. They have everything here, split into the different kinds of food.. The brisket, bacon, chicken marsala, sushi, chinese food and the desseerts are the best. They even had cotton candy!! Can't beat this buffet, esp for its price.
3	A couple of Vegas buffets offer a wide selection of ethnic dishes to the mix that you might have a hard time finding at your local mall's "international" food court.Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, whose name is a small tribute to the days when the Aladdin sat in its place, is one such place.While I was not overly impressed with their Asian or and poor seafood offerings -- though the sliced crab legs and crab rangoon were fine -- their Indian, Mediterranean, and Middle Eastern dishes (and reasonable pricing) make it worth a quick trip for lunch.Here you can find a variety of meat kebabs, grilled veggie skewers, tomatoes stuffed with ground lamb, couscous, chicken tandoori, and a number of curry dishes that will manage to sit in your tummy just fine.It's also a lot more kid friendly than most other Vegas buffets, and offers a cotton candy station, and a crepe-making station for dessert. Some might feel this is a fun touch, but I'd rather not see children stampeding through my debauched vacation or digging through the serving pans with their snotty fingers.
1	Went here for brunch with a group of people on a Saturday. There wasn't a long wait at all so we sat down pretty quick. For $20, I guess you get what you pay for; especially since that's CHEAP for Vegas. I honestly can't tell you what I liked the most because the food there was sub par. All of their "international stations" were really sad looking. They had cold grilled veggies in the "salad" station which was deceiving. Grilled is suppose to be HOT not COLD. Seafood station was also upsetting. No CRAB LEGS!!! Really, what Vegas buffet does not have CRAB LEGS? Moving onto the "italian station" - also very upsetting. They didn't even have a basic spaghetti with meatsauce/marinara/alfredo. It was pizza and breadsticks with some type of nasty looking pasta, and grilled "hot" veggies. OH and they had scrambled eggs at the italian stations, weird?! Next up was the breakfast/dinner/mixed with everything station. I wanted a small piece of prime rib, asked for med well, and got rare!! Ugh, I HATED wasting food. It's very upsetting when you go to a buffet, and when the waiter takes your plate, all the food is still left on there. Now that's when you know that the food was not good. SIGHS, I would have rather spent that $20 at the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station. At least their food was good.
5	Incredibly delicious!  I went to a time share presentation where we were lied to for two hours with their so called low pressure sales (all lies), but we were rewarded with two buffet dinners here at the The Spice Market. This was worth all the pain and suffering we went through.The highlights:The prime rib.  Best I have had at a buffet. Ever.Sweet potatoes. Yum!Crab legs. Presliced! Couldn't find any butter for it, but still great.Flan.Mushroom ragout.Shrimp tempuraVeggies with the big carrotsDessert bar, complete with cotton candy and ice cream self serve.Okay but can skip next time:Brisket. No taste.Creme bruleeCrepes. yuck.  Premade, the chef just heats it up for you. ManapuaStaff frequents the tables every few minutes clearing old plates.  As far as refreshments, you have to stop them, they won't ask you.  Warning: the steel spoon for the steamed rice is super hot!  I'm from Hawaii and I need my rice, please put some towels or use a spoon with a plastic handle. The going price at the check in was about $28 per person.  I would try to see if there are any coupons out there next time around, but the food would be worth it.
3	We've eaten here before for Breakfast and had a great time, so I was expecting more of the same for Dinner.  Unfortunately, they didn't deliver.  It's not that the food was bad, it's just that it didn't stand out.  The Mexican food was ok, the Pizza......meh, the Prime Rib was tasty though and pretty tender.  My biggest disappointment was the crab though.  I was happy to see that they offered steamed snow crab, but upon closer inspection, it was pretty dry.  It's not like we showed up at 9:45pm either.  I usually fill up on crab alone, but I barely grabbed like 6 legs.  Kinda sad.  The dessert station was pretty nice though and the cobbler was actually pretty good with a nice crunchy crust.  Maybe next  time we'll just stick to the breakfast buffet.
4	Delicious, and plenty of options.  If you're in Vegas, and you want to hit up a good buffet, you cannot go wrong here!  There is plenty of variety, and it's all above average.
4	I got the Buffet of Buffets pass and went here first.  I had heard great things about Spice Market so I was excited.  Well, long story short, it wasn't all that great and I was let down.  The crab legs were tiny and near impossible to eat, the lamb tasted like dirt, and the prime rib was dry.  So, off to another buffet.  Well, once my pass was about to expire, I decided to go back to Spice Market for convenience (since every other buffet I tried wasn't so special, either) and had a completely different experience that time.  Every thing was SO GOOD.  The prime rib was medium rare and juicy, the shrimp cocktail was awesome, and the tempura shrimp (my personal favorite from this restaurant) still has me lying awake at night thinking about it.  The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the desert bar.  Everything tasted processed and from the frozen aisle of a Sam's Club.  I will definitely come back here.  More so for the tempura shrimp than anything.
3	This was the first buffet we went to, on the second day of our BOB pass. We arrived at 11:30, too late for breakfast, but just in time for lunch. There was only one couple in front of us, so we waited maybe a total of five minutes to "check in" and be seated. Now that I'm thinking about it, compared to the other buffets, the interior of this one looked like a hospital cafeteria. Kinda drab, neutral gray and blue colors all around. I tried the chicken marsala, but it lacked flavor. It didn't even really taste like a real marsala sauce. All I tasted was chicken. I like chicken, but if you're going to say that it's "chicken marsala" make sure that's really what the sauce is. I made the same comment to my boyfriend and he said "I know, but I didn't want to tell you to disappoint you". If he's saying there's no flavor...then that's a bad sign. I do agree with the other reviews though, the shrimp tempura was my favorite part of the buffet. I would go back just for the unlimited amount of it. People obviously liked it as well, since there was a line waiting when they were refilling them. And the boyfriend and I were walking out when we realized they had cotton candy. Nice touch. We didn't get any, but I thought it was cool. I probably would skip this buffet if I didn't have the BOB.
3	Honestly...the food here isnt that great.  The quality of food is whatever and there were more inedible dishes than edible ones.  The prime rib is done decently well.  Not overly bloody or well done.  The soft serve custard was pretty good and i double fisted cotton candy on the way out!
3	This definitely isn't the best buffet in Vegas, but it will do in a pinch. I paid extra for unlimited alcohol (champagne), and was a little surprised when it arrived at my table served in a plastic water cup. Oh, well...it's all going down the same way, anyway! I don't know that I'd necessarily visit this buffet again (as Rachel S. noted, the interior is pretty drab and is reminiscent of a hospital cafeteria).  The food wasn't much better than what you would get at a Hometown Buffet or Golden Corral.  BUT...bonus points to our waitress; she was super sweet and before she got off her shift, she snuck over and left me with an entire BOTTLE of my own champagne. What a doll!
4	Probably one of the only other buffets in Vegas I'm willing to eat at, other than Wynn's. Don't be fooled by my 4-star rating; the food isn't amazing -- but it gets the job done without breaking the bank. I've been here twice for breakfast and lunch, and everything tasted decently yummy.My favorites from here are probably the French toast with real strawberries and syrup, most of the chicken dishes, and the soft serve ice cream (one of the best soft serves I've ever had). They also have a great dessert selection, including deliciously soft and chewy cookies and cotton candy. Yes, you read right, COTTON CANDY. I forget why but for some reason our buffet came with champagne and we discovered that putting cotton candy in champagne makes a fine (and sweeter) tasting bubbly.No complaints from me!
4	This place definitely deserves 4.5stars. I came here Monday night and the wait was less than 20 minutes. Of all the buffet of buffet places, this was my favorite. Even though people say dessert is best at Casear's Lago and seafood is best at Rio, I think Spice Market beats them all. Even a few of the workers at Casear's told me that Spice Market is best. When were first go here, we had to walk in the back corner at the Seafood station for warm crab legs. Sadly the warm butter didn't taste that great... it didn't taste like butter at all. I also liked the tempura shrimp, some pieces had too thick batter. The roast sirloin was good, lamb kabobs were okay, some pieces were dry. The Middle Eastern section was a few people's favorite in my party. I honestly don't remember what I ate here other than warm crab legs, roast beef, sirloin and fruits. The desserts here are awesome though. Everyone liked the cotton candy and a they don't even care if you take it out. This place definitely has the best creme brulee. It was warm and the sugar cracked seamlessly. The banana creme pie was good, and cream puffs were delicious. I also wanted the ice cream but I was just too stuff.
2	No.That's pretty much the summation of my experience here.I got this as part of the Buffet of Buffet packages, and since I hadn't tried this buffet yet on any of my previous 10 trips to Vegas, I thought I'd give it a go. The yelp reviews were somewhere in the middle, so I figured it couldn't be that bad. First, I went the mistake of going after the brunch portions were cleared away. Eggs, bacon, and the like are easy, filling foods that are hard to screw up, and without them there's a good chance that the other food will be not that great. I was right.The salad bar items were not too bad, but the meat was kind of gross. Any of the chicken items I tried were tasteless breast meat with no flavor and a consistency of wet toilet paper. And I'm talking about stuff that was supposed to be coated in middle eastern/Indian spices. NO taste. The service sucked--our waiter evidently went home after he brought my friend her drink (she was seated a few minutes before me), and NEVER came back. I had to wait until my meal was almost done before we could flag down another waitress just so I could get a drink to wash down the disappointment that was this meal. In the future, I'd give this one a miss, unless I was sure there were breakfast items available. Given that some of the food was passable, I have hopes that the breakfast items would make it worth the time. But other than that? No.
2	I came here two years ago and really liked it, but this time, there was just too much food that it was overwhelming. I was really sad that there was no omelet station; I think there used to be one! I also wasn't impressed with their Asian food or their breakfast selection. The line to get into the buffet also looked massive humongous, and if you're seated at one of the tables near the line, people will just keep looking over the partition at you, hoping to hurry you up. I liked the Middle Eastern food section, but that was about it. I would say go for the brunch buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio if you're in Vegas!
5	I signed up to Yelp just to write a review about this place. It is absolutely AMAZING! We went to a lot of buffets at our week long trip to Vegas and all my friends agree that this was the best buffet we visited. Dinner was $30 and we paid an extra $12 for all you can drink alcohol (Beer, Wine, Champaign).The food was spectacular. If they have it, try the lamb skewer. I'm not a fan of lamb but it was next to the beef so we decided to grab it. Best lamb ever - hands down! They have a wide variety of food and if you love seafood then you'll love this place. The king crab legs were the best I've seen.We ended up eating at the Bellagio buffet on our last day since we wanted to not repeat restaurants during our trip. We all regret skipping the Spice Market for the Bellagio. It has no comparison what so ever.
2	Came here for the lunch meal of my Buffet of Buffets day.  Kind of tricky to find as you have to go downstairs from the casino to get to the buffet.  They had tons of stations organized by regions of the world: Middle Eastern, American, Italian, Mexican, Seafood and Salad.  I tried the shrimp cocktail, shrimp tempura, pesto pasta, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes and designed my own taco.  Nothing was particularly good except the shrimp tempura and sweet potatoes.  This was the buffet with the most esthetically pleasing desserts.  They all looked amazing, so I grabbed a chocolate cream pie, creme brulee, eclair and fruit tart.  Nothing tasted good.  I then decided to get myself some chocolate custard to satisfy my sweet craving.  It was completely liquid and melted.  Disappointing since I'm big on desserts.  May be worth stopping by if the meal is comped or you're a Planet Hollywood guest that is too lazy to go anywhere else.  I wouldn't pay to go back.
2	Not.good.period. A group of 4 of us came here at about 10am for the breakfast buffet on a Wednesday and it was VERY underwhelming!!! It looks like maybe it would have been okay for lunch or dinner with all the different food around the world stations, but for breakfast it was just the same stuff and over again which would have been okay I guess if the food they had wouldn't have been so nasty.The eggs were old and rubbery, the bacon was practically raw, the pancakes tasted like cardboard and the little mcmuffin type things had bread SO HARD I think I chipped a tooth. My friend got a danish and he hit it with a fork and it made a sound like a hockey puck. The quiche and crepes were no better.We all ordered an array of drinks and the waitress managed to mess that up. Also, the hot chocolate was disgusting and the coffee wasn't much better. She was not very good and I got a rude vibe from her. $20 per person seemed WAY over priced for what they offered. I will NEVER go here again for breakfast, and honestly, I think I'd skip it for anything else as well and go somewhere else like The Rio which I know to be amazing.
3	My family came here for dinner one night because we had some comps. Usually it takes a special like this to get us into a buffet now a days. None of us can eat that much anymore. Yet, at this point, a buffet is a buffet is a buffet if it is not one of the two high end places in town. There are some items that made up the low, mid, and high points to our meal. Low- Chinese/Asian- The variety is non-existent. Nothing noteworthy. The crepes are premade and placed back into a frying pan with butter to warm up. Mid- Crab legs were anorexic, but at least they were split for easy access. The shrimp were pretty standard as well. Desserts are all standard. High- The left half of the Middle East section. Dolmas, Marinaded Feta, Baba Ganoush, and the beef. The meat was seasoned well and very tender. At one time they were voted Best Buffet by the Review Journal. Part of me scoffs, because it is the Review Journal, and a part of me agreed with them back then. When it first opened, the Middle East station was amazing and innovative. It is still a stand out option, but that is because everything else went downhill. The line is long, but the employees work quickly to get the guest in. The price is steep at $31 for okay food.
5	I think this place is incredible! The line goes fast, nice open atmosphere, everything is spread out. Selections are from seafood to mid- eastern cuisine. Reasonable priced 2 lunch passes were 50.00. Only bad thing is that drink service was slow but it's worth it having such a great selection of options.
2	It pains me to say this...but this buffet experience (December 2011) was really NOT good. Wait:I've been to Spice Market a half dozen times over the last decade and this meal was a far cry from the flavorful buffet I remembered from past visits. The wait was long, which I expected, but we were briskly instructed to move along in the downstairs maze by a cashier, which I found to be unnecessary (felt a little like cattle!). Once I paid for two dinner buffets ($67 for two adults...dang), we waited another 10 minutes before being directed to our table. Service:We loaded up on our first plates...no utensils initially required since we went for Mexican fare. Good thing, since no server came by. I had to ask one of the employees directing people to their seats for our silverware. Halfway through our second plate we finally managed to wave our server down to get drinks. Which were never refilled. Food:I used to love the Spice Market for its good quality and variety (which one should expect for the price). Mediocre at best, truly. Lots of lukewarm, borderline bland dishes. The Middle Eastern station was best, with decent dolmas and Moroccan vegetable dish. Dessert were also fine, but Italian, Seafood, and Mexican were pretty crummy. Big bummer, since I'd been awaiting a gigantic, amazing feast after a 10 day climbing trip - AND it was nearly the equivalent of my entire food purchases over the previous week of adventures. Will DEFINITELY avoid this buffet on future trips.
3	my family and i decided to check out planet hollywood's buffet on christmas eve and i can't say that i loved it but i also can't say it was completely horrible it was just....OKAY. something you can live without but also something you wouldn't mind eating. since we went during the holidays we had to wait 40 mins? not tooo bad right?! my dad was a total rewards member so we paid 32 dollars per person BUT! if you aren't the dinner price is 35 dollars. sounds expensive but considering the other buffets like wynn and belagio i think its somewhat of a bargain?the buffet is separated into different sections like mexican, italian, middle east, asian, american, salad and soup! the food was good but yet again, nothing special. they do have king crab and prime rib but when i went, the prime rib was so red we couldn't eat it....the only thing i remember is the dessert! it was REALLY good! the pumpkin cake and cream puffs were my favorite but i think the most memorable was the freshly made cotton candy! all in all, you can't go wrong with the spice market buffet but i'm pretty sure you won't have an OMG experience
2	This place used to be much better.  This is my third time.Many of the items did not impress me.  Sushi selection is dismal, one item?  Come on!  They need to take down the sign claiming to be the #1 buffet in Vegas!  They are not even close!I did enjoy the prime rib and potatoes.  The crab legs were average.  The Middle eastern food was good as well.  I enjoyed the Humus, tabouleh, lamb.  The chicken was a bit dry so get some sauce for it.  Soup selection was poor.  We tried a number of desserts and most were OK.  I liked the souffle.  I doubt I will return.  Too many better places in Vegas for a buffet!  I'd be willing to pay more for a better experience.
2	Not worth the price after having been to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio Hotel & Casino.  This buffet was (key word, "was") rated the #1 buffet in Vegas but since the rating, there have been a whole group of buffets that have outdone this place.  This restaurant is mediocre at best.  Also, service is very spotty.  Once you go Carnival World Buffet, you don't go back!
1	Terrible. That sums up my experience here. Food used to be so good here, back in the Aladdin days. The seafood was fresh and there was lots of it, all different types. Now you are left with crab legs and shrimp; my guess? both from the same distributor that does all the buffets. In other words, flash frozen, not much flavor, ordinary not extraordinary stuff. There wasn't one item I ate today that I would consider tasting 'good'. Not excellent, just 'good'. That's how far my standards have fallen here. The prime rib piece that I got was well done. I would say it once had a chance at good flavor, but not when it reached that temperature. The sushi consisted of three types all stacked on top of it other in one tray. Other than that, everything I ate, I literally took one bite of and then stopped. Even my 5 year old son, who loves desserts, stopped after one bite of his creme brulee and fruit tart. He didn't like either. Doesn't that sum it up? And I haven't started with my two major complaints. First is the price. My son, who again is 5, costs a whopping $19.99. That is highway robbery. Our dinners costs $36.99. Again a huge gouge fest. This buffet, in terms of quality and taste, I wouldn't pay more than $9.99.And since the line was so long, they had an upstairs line, then the escalator, then it continues to a downstairs line. My cousin was waiting in line for us, and she had gotten to the downstairs part. The idiot who was controlling the top of the escalator wouldn't let me pass, even though my cousin was downstairs. In fact he didn't let many people pass, who's families were already in the downstairs line. Do people really f you over so much that you are a dick to all the families? Do you think I'm trying to bs you, as I am pushing my aunt in her wheelchair? Did you think the wheelchair was fake too so I can get some sympathy from you and try to steal my place in the front of the line? As I write a letter to corporate to complain about this establishment, I will now write the same here on yelp. I will never again visit this buffet, and I would advise any living soul, for as long as I live, never ever come here.
4	Spice Market Buffet. You are fuckin delicious.Located at one of the Strip's most fabulous, in-demand, and decadently gay hotel & casino, you definitely know how to spice up one's dinner !! For the price, you're like a cheap slut that gives good head !! $30 per person for dinner !! If you have a Total Rewards Members card, you save a few extra bucks. More bang for your buck !! No pun intend...nvmIf you're on the search for this buffet, it's located (not conveniently though since you have to park at the parking structure in the back off of Harmon Street and walk through the shops) in the center of all the action of the casino. There are escalators leading you down to this wonderful eatery.The line can get long during dinner. We had to wait awhile since everyone & their mothers invaded this place. You 1st pay in line and then you wait for a hostess to seat you. The process can be painful especially when you're hella hungry. Like come on people, get your fatty on and then leave once you're done !! Don't sit and talk !! Or I'ma have to come over & slap you hoe !!The food is SOOOO GOOD here !! They have various foods from various regions of the world such as Asian, Italian, Mexican, American etc. Whatever floats your boat !! I personally like to attack the seafood 1st...leave no mercy. HAHA I know i probably look like a typical Asian buffet person (you know...the ones that stack plates & plates of seafood and not care bout the ppl behind them) but really.... I AM !! hahahaha feeding to my stereotype. To each their own bitch !!The quality of the food here is superb !! You won't swallow anything nasty or stale or gross !! Their Italian section is amazing !! Especially the seafood pastas !! Yummm !! Are you drooling yet?The seafood itself is unbelievable !! For the price that you're paying, you're getting incredible quality of seafood !! King crab legs get restocked over & over & over again !! Mine mine mine !! The Asian section is aiiiiiighhttt. Nothing to drool over. The Mexican section...I have yet to experience since I get too full before I even hit the right side of the buffet. WahhhTHE DESSERTS !! AHHH there's cotton candy !! That itself is the deal winner for me !! How often do you eat cotton candy !! ....unless you're a Disneyland whore & practically whoring your body to Mickey Mouse for some sugar high. but really...that was the most exciting part about this buffet when I 1st saw the cotton candy !!Anyways, coming down from my Yelp sugar high...the service is good here !! The waiters clean up your table often so it doesn't look like a barbaric feast. They're also really nice and patient !! Our waitress didn't rush us to finish since they were about to close out for the night so that was really considerate of her !!So come here to get fat !! Just don't go to the club after. You'll be bloated off your ass & look nasty in that tight dress or dress shirt !!
3	Seriously is it bad that the only thing I remember is the bomb clam chowder? Everything else was a blur of decent buffet food. Deserts were okay too. Cotton candy was great. But how can you mess up sugar?
3	We went here for dinner $27.99 +tax per person with Total Rewards Card. They have different sections: Seafood, Asian, American, Mediterranean, Mexican, Soup, Salad, Dessert. Some of my favs included the warm crab legs with drawn butter, Mediterranean Kabobs, Prime Rib, and Jasmine White Rice to go with all of the above. Love that they have cotton candy! Nice touch! I wish they would have had ice cream. They just had the self-seve soft serve. Some of our least favorite choices were the Asian Noodles & Hummus. Stay away from those.
3	The boyfriend and I were too lazy to go anywhere further than our hotel for buffet, so we ended up just going to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. There is a big selection of food, but the food was kind of whatever. It was a bit more than $30/ person, which was okay, but we would definitely recommending investing a little more and going somewhere else for a different buffet.We went on Saturday night around 5:30pm, rushing downstairs, thinking there'd be a huge line (we remember those 2+ hour waits at other buffets with our families) but there was a hardly a line. We waited probably 15 minutes before getting seated, which wasn't bad since we also wanted to catch the Saints & Broncos game.For seafood, there was snow crab, not Alaskan king crab. The shrimp tasted very dry and tough. The meat selection was decent. I didn't bother trying the Asian food, Middle Eastern or the Mexican food, because the food was pretty mediocre. There was no sashimi or sushi selection. The boyfriend tried the Middle Eastern food, but he didn't think too highly of it either. The dessert selection is sort of small, but they do have cotton candy (I've never seen that at a buffet!)They do have a $12/ person all you can drink deal, but we ended up not doing that because we wanted to save our stomachs for the food. We didn't even stay too long since it was just okay and I didn't feel the need to stuff my face with mediocre food.I guess for the price and lack of wait, it was an okay buffet. But next time, I definitely will make the trip and spend the money for a better meal.
4	Atmosphere was a little "old Las Vegas" despite being located in Planet Hollywood.  Rather bland tables and booths.  I was eating alone and was offered a tiny table right by the hostess desk.  I asked for another table and was offered one in the back next to several families with small children.  Not the best welcome!  Thank goodness the food was very good and the waiter was attentive and  friendly which more than made up for the hostess.  All of the food was very good and almost seemed over ambitious for a buffet.  Most could have been outstanding if they didn't have to sit on the buffet.   The place is large and the array of food is extensive.  I really enjoyed my meal.
4	Spice Market is Planet Hollywood's own buffet and it is quite a good one. If you stay at the hotel, you also get a 10% discount (which basically only covers the tax of $30 per head). The food selection is excellent. They have Mexican, Chinese, Middle Eastern, Italian, a grill, and seafood. Personally I'm a seafood lover so I stuck mostly to seafood but I did try at least one thing from every section. Snowcrab legs like every buffet was the most popular thing on the menu, people were just grabbing plates of them. Sometimes they were hot, sometimes they were chilled which was a little weird. The food is tasty though and we all ate ourselves into a food coma. We went at prime dinner time 6 PM and had to wait in line for about 45 minutes. There's a line on the casino floor to take the escalator downstairs to wait in another line. That was a little disappointing to finally get through one line only to go into another. The service is spotty, sometimes no one would pick up our plates until a few had collected, sometimes it was right as we finished. We only went to one buffet in Vegas so don't have something to compare it with except buffets here and I must say, it's one of the better buffets I've ever been to in terms of food quality.
3	We got hungry after walking the strip and shopping so after walking through Planet Hollywood we just decided to try out the buffet here. Luckily we had our total rewards member card which saved us a few bucks off the dinner price. We were seated right away since we came right before dinner and instead of waiting for them to get your drink order before you chow down, there's a card on the table for you to choose your drinks and leave to grab some food. I guess that's pretty cool cause when we came back with our first plate our drinks were already ready. They have different sections offering Asian, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern food as well as the standard seafood selections. Id say they all were decent for the price, it's nothing spectacular. I really enjoyed their desserts though. I had to make sure to save room for the sugar high I was about to embark myself upon. All those fruit tarts, chocolate covered strawberries and cotton candy definitely was good.
3	The buffet at Planet Hollywood was decently priced and while it didn't have a larger variety than Bellagio, it was decent.  The best thing here was the ice cream.  It was some sort of custard ice cream.  Either way it was delicious.
2	Why is this listed as a top buffet?  It's not good.  The seafood, italian, asian, dessert, mexican... stations have a poor selection and do not meet expectations beyond average.  The meatballs, stuffed pork loin, and steamed pork bun were very good but that was it- in the entire buffet!Nope, I'll never come back.-ate lunch during the week, for $25 (way too much for lunch)
2	I don't understand how this buffet has such a good reputation.The food was mediocre to good.  For the price, I'd HAPPILY pay $10 more and go to the Aria and have lobster or prime rib that isn't dry.  This place feels like they are just cramming mass amounts of food down your throat sacrificing quality.  You may as well go to the Excalibur and save $20 if that is what you are looking for.
1	The food is mediocre and the service is poor. Most of the servers don't have initiative when it comes to refilling beverages, removing used plates from the table and no teamwork. I asked one server if I could get another set of silverware. The server just looked at me and called to another server that worked in our section. No courtesy and no acknowledgment.
4	The food was great! I like their dessert section too. The waitress was nice enough to bring us plate full of crab legs. When we were done with our meal, she also brought warm hand towels and lemon for us to wash our hands with.
2	I have been to a couple buffets in Vegas, and Planet Hollywood's Spice Market kind of falls in the middle. It's not bad, but at the same time, it's not great. Maybe I've just been spoiled by the awesome crab legs at Rio, but Spice Market's crab legs seem to be flavorless and small. The crab legs were the main thing that attracted me, but I did try out some of the other food. The clams seemed good at first, but then i kept finding fragments of shell stabbing at my teeth. The desserts were good, but then again, I'm not really a big desserts person- put some ice cream in front of me and I'm happen. Having been to the Spice Market twice (on different trips), I'll probably avoid it going forward.
2	NO wait to get in.Seated at a table as requested.Wandered to check the food, a lot to look at.Tried a variety of foods from a variety of cultures all made in a kitchen in a Las Vegas Hotel. Nothing transported me to the culture represented and the best I could say is, very uninspired.I do not remember any contact with a waitperson so who knows. But our plated were cleared when we came back to the table so they must be there doing their jobs.
1	The worst buffet I have ever been to the wait was only 30 min but considering the food selection, quality and service it was too long of a wait! We got seated and went to get our food, the "American" section didn't have the classics like; burgers, dogs, mashed potatoes and good ribs! The "Italian" section didn't have any fettuccine Alfredo or lasagna, the "Asian" section was OK the chow mien and fried rice wasn't bad. The "Mexican" section was the worst part (Iam of Mexican and Guatemalan decent) and was ashamed of the selection and quality of this section. It was horrible, the rice was  under cooked and did not look appetizing, typical tacos and fajitas had a "Mediterranean" Section which I didn't bother trying and Also a "Seafood" section which I don't eat seafood so didn't bother either. The service was just as bad as the food, we had to wait almost 10 min into our meal to get our drinks and our waiter was acting like we were bothering him for things! I literally sat for 20 min with 2 dirty plates in front of me before he can to pick them up and getting refills was like pulling teeth. But he was all smile and fast with a party of almost 18 people that had been seated a few feet away from us! I will never go back to this buffet again and would never recommend this buffet to anyone!!!
3	This place is just an average casino buffet that you can find everywhere. Nothing too bad and nothing too special.
3	Not much for breakfast just eggs and meat
2	The food was just ok in my opinion. I would say that Golden Corral is much better on a good day. I did enjoy the cotton candy and the fruit tarts...everything else was just meh...
3	My rating is VERY grossly inflated because I liked the idea of there being a buffet that highlights all major Types of cuisine. So yes, for that alone, I'll happily admit I'm being too generous with the rating.The Spice Market is a very bizarre name for this buffet. However bizarre name is the least of this place's gripes.After that VERY long stair trip down (WTF?!), you get to the atrociously handled lineups. When you finally get through to the desk, yore asked if youre a rewards member or some crap. Aright. I'm seated at a table. terrible service, I asked the (very grumpy) waitress for a second glass of coke, and I didn't get it. I tried even getting her attention and she ignored me completely. NO TIP FOR YOU! (said in Italian accent)The food is subpar, really. I don't see how this has the reputation of being the best buffet in Vegas. Obviously Las Vegans have low standards, but that's alright I guess. The gravy from the pot roast was caked on, why? The lamb skewers were overly elasticy. Wasn't a fan of the fried shrimp either.But... THAT DESERT!!!! so yummy. I loved the cotton candy! The hand made tarts and what not... Yum! And the custard with strawberry sauce!!!! I'm a sucker for a good dessert, and this was it.So it wasn't entirely terrible. But I wouldn't recommend it wither. I'll admit I only went because I was going to see Peepshow later, and had it not been for that, I'd have walked an extra few minutes to Aria instead.
4	People really knocking down the score due to a staircase? Mind you I call it the escalator to heaven (even though it goes down, but then again escalator to hell wouldn't reflect my score). This was our last stop for the 24 hour buffet pass. We were seated promptly.The food choices resembled the United Nations. Variety was good. Quality was great. I enjoyed the seafood very much. Last comment. Best green tea I've had. I know people don't go to buffets for the tea, but don't knock it till you try it.
1	Worst Buffet ever! Never again. Quality sucks, Service Too!
2	Go elsewhere- the quality, service, price, and variety are nothing special (with exception to the Middle Eastern Food).  The buffet at the Rio is much better!!!
4	when you're in vegas all you want to do is eat. there's so many eateries that its hard to choose from. buffets are what you think about next to drinking and getting drunk when you're in vegas. i on the other hand can only think about food so i was trying to figure out which buffets to eat at. After asking a few locals their top picks for good buffets are at planet hollywood & at the rio. I've been to spices before & remembered that it was one of the best buffets I've had in vegas as well. So, the bf & I came for sunday brunch [for his first time]. He agreed that it was one of the best buffets that he has had in vegas as well. Under the seafood section The buffalo fried shrimp was delicious! I kept going back for more. it had a slight kick but just the right amount. they had shrimp cocktail as well but you'll get your hands dirty with all the lemon squeezing. with the buffalo fried shrimp i munched on it as i walked to my next selection. it was a great balance because i got to clear my plate and add more while walking it off! Under american section They have egg benedict as well traditional & one with apple glaze. As I waited patiently for the traditional which ended up tasting like the one with apple glaze because it had a sweet flavor to it. we didn't enjoy it one bit. they ran out of egg benedict and while waiting the guy in the back asked the meat carver to refill the egg benedict so i think without knowing which was what he placed the apple glazed flavor on the regular traditional.Under the italian section is the mini waffles, pancakes, pizza, etc. im not quite sure why it is under the italian section but it was. Under mexican section the carne asada fajita was bomb! the chicken fajita was too dry. There's a salad & dessert section too. I didn't get any dessert because I didn't see anything cheesecake related & I wanted to save my belly for jean philippe patisserie. they had ice cream, crepes, etc.service was fair. you can't expect too much at a buffet. while in line they will hand you a sheet of paper so that you can mark off which drinks you want and you can place it on the table while you grab food. so that's definitely convenient and efficient.  they also have tv's where you can watch sports. another bonus is they have their very own close by restroom!
1	This review will be short, sweet, and simple. This is one of the WORST buffets that I have been to in my entire life, and living in Las Vegas for 24 years has definitely given me experience with buffets.It was about $40 for two people at lunch. The food was horrendous for the most part, with the exception of a handful of dishes. It was unclear whether we had a waitress after we received our first drinks because she disappeared. We would have been better off going to the Rio Buffet not only for the awesome local discount, but also because the food is A MILLION (no exaggeration) times better there than at the Spice Market Buffet. Even rinky-dink buffet-like restaurants like Souper Salad and Sweet Tomatoes have better offerings than this place.Don't take the escalator down to this buffet, it is an escalator trip that spells impending doom to your stomach.
4	Used to be my favorite until Wynn Buffet opened up.Went back this past weekend for the Sunday brunch since we had time to kill before our flight.  Once we got there around 1pm we had to wait for about 40 minutes, which is a good thing IMO.  I was afraid quality going down since the last time I came was 2 years ago but crowd is a good sign.Got in, and was surprised to find that the Sunday brunch was less than $30!  They have all the usuals: carving station with prime rib, seafood, American, Mexican etc.  Our favorite, surprisingly, was the spicy tuna roll!  I was skeptical when I first tried it but the surprising kick drew me in.  The rest of the table tried it and I think we must've killed over 20 of them as a table hahah.  The crabs were great since they were cracked in half for you.  Tried the turkey and prime rib at the carving station.  Both were pretty good, but nothing too crazy about them.  Great au jus for the prime rib and they offered both creamed and smooth horseradish on the side.  At around 4pm, they started switching to dinner and they had this bacon pork belly at the carving station as well.  A little salty but not bad.As for the Asian food section, again, nothing too crazy but I did like the BBQ pork bun.  There's also a Mid-Eastern section with hummus, tandoori, and others.  It's a nice change from the American and breakfast food items :PThe dessert section had a lot of different mousses and cakes, but my favorite was definitely the creme brulee.  Not served during lunch/brunch, but since we stayed long enough for the dinner service, they had creme brulee out.  The soft serve machine was down so I didn't get a chance to grab anything :[In the end, I was pleasantly surprised that Spice Market Buffet was still good after all these years.  I remember when this place was the shiet and even with the new buffets popping up, serving "higher class" buffet items, Spice Market is doing a good job!
2	I was thoroughly not impressed! first of, the sunday brunch price was $28.99 with tax came out to $31. It's a champagne brunch with all you can drink. While standing in the long line granted it was during the peak brunch time at around noonish, I could see the extensive choices. There's selection, like an American station, Mexican station, Middle Eastern (this includes Indian, weird!), Asian, Italian (apparently pancakes and french toast are Italian), a breakfast station, a dessert station, a seafood station and two salad stations. As I said, it's extensive. So, I was hungry, my belly was growling and I remember seeing someone eating a cotton candy as they were leaving Spice Market so I was intrigued by this. Anywho, stood in line, paid, stood in line yet again and my party of five was eventually seated after a half hour wait. So we gave our drink orders, and a friend and I took our turn to get our food. Of course I was excited, I saw on the screens while we were waiting that was chicken curry at the Middle Eastern station so I knew I had to get some. Grabbed two plates and started with an Eggs benedict, BACON, got some chicken curry, tandoori chicken, some steamed rice, a steamed pork bun (yea i was getting my feast on) and proceeded back to the table to get crunk with my food. Sadly that was not to be, the chicken curry was salty and lacked flavor (what happened to spice? huh Spice Market?!), the tandoori chicken was rubbery and so lackluster, it felt limp in my mouth =( , the steamed rice was not that soft (like how do you mess that up?!), the Eggs Benedict egg was not runny but COOKED through, seriously?!! The only two things that were satisfactory was the bacon and the pork bun. So I thought maybe it's a fluke? I must have chose the wrong food items, so back I went to the buffet and this time, I got a blueberry and cherry crepe, a slice of french toast, some fruit (cantaloupe and pineapple) and a fruit cobbler. the crepe was meh I've had way better, the french toast was limp and blah, the fruit not sweet and the fruit cobbler was generic. The $31 was money wasted, I might have been full from sampling everything but I was not satisfied, rather I felt cheated. In my opinion for the money you spend, the same price could be better spent at other brunch buffets elsewhere on the strip like Mandalay Bay, the Rio or Stratosphere. I'm not a big buffet person but this buffet is a no-go in the future.
2	So not impressed. If I wanted to spend this much on brunch, I would've gone somewhere better, but no, the people in the group wanted this place. I think we should've questioned her taste buds since she was slightly sick/congested. The place had different stations. There was American, Mexican, Italian, Asian, a Salad station, Seafood, Desserts, and MIddle Eastern, which included Indian food because apparently India is not Asia according to Planet Hollywood. The line was quite long, but it was around brunch/lunch so my party and I waited in line, which didn't seem that long of a wait. Or maybe it didn't seem that long since they had TVs playing a Nets game and people were all about Lin, but I digress. Once we paid, the total came to $31, we had to wait to be seated, which again didn't seem so long a wait. We marked out drink orders on a paper and went off in search of belly fulfilling food. I got the usual breakfast food: eggs benedict, bacon (a lot of it since I don't really eat bacon lol), as well as some fruit and harsh browns. Another plate contained stuff from the Middle Eastern station, like some chicken curry, basmati rice, their lamb stuffed tomato thing, and pita and hummus. Well have to say, I enjoyed the breakfast stuff, aside from the non-runny eggs benedict and was kinda disappointed in the Middle Eastern station. I found the food at that station a bit bland and asking "Where is the spice that makes this whatever it is suppose to be?!" Luckily there were drinks, although the OJ was a bit warm for my liking. And the mimosas were more like an Orangina than a mimosa. We asked for water, but that didn't come till later. I almost thought the poor server forgot. Anyways, I went back to the buffet to see what else I could eat. I didn't find much too appealing cause I was a bit full, but I soldiered on. I went back for a crepe which was at the dessert station. They didn't have any strawberries (big boo to that!!!) so I settled with cherries topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and powdered sugar. I found it a bit blah; too chocolatey and the cherry filling was a bit off putting for me. I got another fruit of plate and found I was more satisfied with fruit than I was with anything else. I could've gotten it and a decent mimosa somewhere else or found better food at other buffets on and off the strip. Aside from the fruit, I liked the cotton candy :)I like buffets in Vegas, but not this one.
3	This, I would have to say, is the second best buffet that I have been to in Vegas.  It had a pretty good variety, the wait was not too long, and there were a lot of foods that they would slice for your on demand (so that it remains "juicy").  I think that with buffets, you can not expect a high quality in food since they are preparing so many different dishes in such large amounts, but this certainly was not the worst that I have had.Overall I think that I would go again if I were on the strip.  I would not waste my time with Todai and I probably would not want to spend more money at the MGM for sushi or Asian cuisine at the Grand Wok and so I would opt for this.  The M Studio B buffet is still my favorite.
4	Wow, I'm surprised at the widely varying reviews here. I've found Spice Market to be probably the BEST buffet in Vegas. It's certainly the largest with great variety and it's been really consistent over the years. Great salads, great carving station, great desserts and a whole lot more. It might be on the higher end price-wise, but worth it. Be sure to look into discounts through your player's card at Planet Hollywood.
4	an excellent choice, this was my second choice dinner for the buffet of buffets and definitely a good one. the line wasnt too long (sunday night) and we seated and eating in about half an hr. the food didnt have too much appeal although my favorites were the soy sauce halibut and cocktail shrimp (peeled). the cracked crab legs were good but were on the really dry side. our waiter was actually NOWHERE to be found. i dont even remember who she was! our plates were not constantly being cleared so we ate on top of our dirty empty plates. the dessert selection was pretty good. i had creme brulee, cotton candy, fruit tart and a chocolate mousse cake. yumms!
5	I don't usually write reviews for out of Phoenix area Buffets, but Yelp friends have been encouraging me to start reviewing the Las Vegas ones since many (most?) of us go up there, & also we have a big Yelp event coming up there in May, so here goes:Ok, you can rent a Rolls & whip into the Wynn to enjoy their ultra-foofy Buffet, which someone recommended here on this page.  Once you find it inside this huge place it's great, but it's also $23.99 for lunch on the weekdays.  You'll love it to death if you can afford it, but what if you are a pauper, a cheapskate, or you lost your ass at Bally's?  Well take heart homez, there are alternatives!  Just catch a free shuttle from there or from Harrah's over to the Rio & walk across the street to Gold Coast Casino & pig out for $7.99!  You'll find friendly service, 105 food items to enjoy, plus sauces & dressings, & you might just give THAT ONE 5 Stars!     :-))Want something half way in between without leaving the Strip?  Ok, here's Planet Hollywood's "Spice Market Buffet", right here!First though, by now by now you've probably had friends make circles with the palms of their hands, wooing, "Ooh, Rio!  Ooh, Rio!"  You know what?  "F" Rio & the horse it rode in on!Ok, I take that back, but Spice Market Buffet here gives you the same setup with a nicer restaurant to enjoy it in.  This place offers over 200 (!!!) main food choices, it's really good, & priced moderately for what it is.This Buffet has serving stations situated around in a "C" shape, including Seafood, Salad, Italian, Soup, Asian, Middle-Eastern, Mexican, & Dessert.  It's all about budgeting the room in your stomach for which 5-Star delights you want to enjoy on this visit!Ok, the money.  You knock the weekday Lunch Buffet price down from $21.99 to $18.99 with your free Total Rewards card.  Next you look for look for the lady near the top of the escalator handing out 25% off coupons, or go ask for one at the cashier's counter for the restaurant.  Final price $14.24 including all the soft drinks you want from a long list.YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE THIS PLACE!     :-))
4	We ate here last June because we had 4:00pm show reservations for the Popovich Comedy Pet Theater at the V Theater (If you like animals and circus acts without the cracking of the whip, then go! But that's another review for another time). We decided to show up early (12:30) to pick up the VIP tickets and take a walk around the Miracle Mile Shops. All of a sudden, our 9 year old daughter says that she is hungry and I opted to get the family a nice treat. Besides, I had not eaten here since it was the Aladdin. As we approached the buffet, we were pleasantly surprised to find that the line for lunch was fairly reasonable for midday weekday lunch.Much to my surprise, nothing had changed about this place except for some cosmetic touches to the dining area. The salad section had fresh bamboo shoots and whole peeled beets (score!). There were so many sections to choose from that I did not want overdo it on one section.The seafood section was pretty good. The sushi looked OK but its buffet sushi.  The highlight of the station is the crab meat stuffed sole and paella. Delicious and well seasoned.  The Middle Eastern section was to die for with flavorful hummus, naan bread, tandoori chicken and chicken curry. The tabouleh salad and the curry sauce were good as well. The only meh part of the meal was the shrimp Pad Thai. Since I am 1/2 Thai, I did not expect a Vegas buffet to perfect Thai cooking like they do here in the LA area where I live. Could have used a little more tamarind, but I like my Pad Thai a little tangy than most. I'll give the cooks an A for effort since they used the right type of rice noodle (Sen Lek).  If I wanted Thai food, I'd go to a Thai restaurant.   There were many places to hit but the stomach only has so much room.  Unless I wanted to relive the scene from Monty Python's movie "The Meaning of Life."  (I'll refrain from spoiling the scene)Our 9 year old loved the dessert buffet. The fresh spun cotton candy was the highlight for her. I took a bite and it was pretty good. The flan was delicious and the cannolis were pretty good as well. I like the Orleans' cannolis better at the French Market Buffet but the Spice Market's were not bad. No pecan pie that I could see but that's not a deal breaker. My wife had the bread pudding and said it was OK.Will definitely come back and eat another meal at this buffet. Next time we'll try to see if we can get in at the tail end of lunch so we can try some of the dinner items when they change from lunch to dinner.  If you do a Google seach,  you can find $5.00 off coupons for this place which they will take.  Now I need to find the 25% coupons that I have heard a lot about.
4	I was pleasant surprise as I have heard that some of the buffets in Vegas are terrible. I went with some of the ladies I was staying with on a Saturday morning for the brunch buffet as we missed the breakfast only. They offered a wide range of food options from breakfast, lunch, and dessert. They had traditional breakfast options such as eggs, waffles, pancakes, and french toast. Along with breakfast they had various lunch options with everything from soup and salads, Asian, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Seafood. They also offered many dessert options from pastries, crepes, and fresh fruit. Some of my highlights were the french toast which was dipped in cinnamon. The pineapple and cantaloupe were extremely fresh and juicy. Spicy Buffalo Shrimp and this Crab dish I can't think of the name were so good. I thoroughly enjoyed my crepe it would have been nice to just offer strawberry instead of mixed but the banana was good with chocolate sauce. If your looking for a decent buffet this would be a good option to try. I will recommend that you go get the players card of the casino at Planet Hollywood because the buffet will be cheaper.
4	Went here for Lunch. Line wasn't too bad. The seating area is very spacious and each cuisine is separated into different areas. The mideastern food was delicious, very fresh. The American area had scrambled eggs which were great and bacon and eggs Benedict. Asian section wasn't the best and while there was a Mexican section, i didn't eat the food because it was mainly beans, rice and fajitas.  Dessert bar was good- freshly made and laid out nicely. Also a great assortment of Danishes and pastries.
5	Food was delicious and I love their desserts. I would recommend this buffet to anyone.  Love the fact that I can walk out of here with an ice cream cone with vanilla and chocolate swirl in one hand and strawberry cotton candy in the other!! Plus I got a coupon for 2 for 1 so it was only 20 bucks...
3	More than 8 people, they charge you gratuity. Typical.FOOD SELECTION:A large variety. They did offer a variety of foods. I give them that... but the quality... eh. I've had better buffets for the SAME price. They have a large selection of different types of foods and this was a big place, but I felt like the meat quality was lower than most places. But if you stick with the basics, you're good. PRICE: $29.99DESSERT:  Lacking. I'm a dessert buff. SEATING: Not too crowded - even during lunch.OVERALL: Eh... I've had better.
3	First of all, I've been here a few times before using the buffet of buffets, which is definitely worth the price if you're in town for more than a day. Again, I brought a group of 10 here on our way back to Salt Lake and thought the $30 was decent and within our budget. Unfortunately I didn't realize they charged 20% gratuity for that large a group, and it came out to about $40 per person. Definitely not worth $40. As far as food, I love the split crab legs. That is practically all I ate while I was there, with a piece of prime rib and some other random food. I typically don't eat carbs at buffets, and I'm not a dessert fan. Their arnold palmer was really good though. The service is good, and the split snow crab legs were good, but it was hit and miss. Sometimes the batch would be dry, other times they would be moist and flavorful. Can't really complain at a buffet although my $40 says otherwise. The prime rib was decent, not the best I've had but ok. Their desserts looked good and I had a bite here and there of some, but nothing impressive. Their pizza didn't look all that great so I didn't bother and their Mexican is sparse but the middle eastern was decent. I liked the lamb. The tilapia was surprisingly flavorful. They have a large fruit selection and overall a wide food selection but it definitely a certain umf. Overall I would go here with the buffet of buffets pass but other than that I can find better food for $40.
4	We went here for breakfast one morning, having heard great reviews from friends.  There were various stations representing different cuisines (Italian, Asian, etc).  We both found a number of items we liked, piling our plates full.  I think there was almost too much to choose from, wish my stomach was bigger, haha!  They cleaned our plates from our table and filled up our coffee promptly.  Service was good. I'd go back here again, was a decent price and had lots of variety.
2	The only thing I like about this place is that they split the crab legs in half for you already so all you have to do is eat it. I get buffet of buffet passes ($50) just to eat unlimited crab and this saves so much time on not having to crack them open. They have different stations for different foods like Mediterranean, Italian, Mexican, Salad bar and stuff, but a lot of things I tried were pretty bland or dry.Service is not that great here...slow...but you kind of expect that at a buffet anyways.They have a good dessert layout though, and cotton candy! Boyfriend and I took 7 large cotton candies on the way up to the casino :]
2	Lost its Pizazz. Long lines not worth the wait. Save yr time. Go somewhere else. Food overcooked in the warmers.
3	This is the first of many buffets that we tried.  We decided to purchase the buffet of all buffets.  It gives us access for 24 hours to any of the following casino buffets: Rio Grande, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Flamingo and Harrahs.  I think that's all.  for 45 dollars.So this is the first buffet we decided to try.Sole stuffed with crab was pretty tasty.  I liked it.Shrimp Tempura was pretty good.  I went back and got seconds.Italian Meatballs - I had one that was really good, but then the next one was really really salty.  Bad batch I guess.The restrooms were in a weird place.  They were located near the entrance before the registers.  So you had to leave the buffet area to go to the restrooms, and there was this weird elevator there.  I'm not sure where that went.There wasn't a place to change a baby's diaper.  And I guess now that matters to me. Overall, it was an average buffet.  Good but not great.  Lunchtime anyway.  I'm sure there's more to offer at dinner time.
3	Very good variety, food was good but nothing spectacular. Good value for $
4	Hmm, it was good.  I'd go here again.  I went here using the Buffet of Buffets pass.  I'm from the East Coast, so if you've been to the buffet at Foxwoods, Spice Market reminded me of Foxwoods buffet in terms of quantity and quality.
4	We went last night last night celebrating a friend's birthday. Decided to go since it was one was one of the only buffets in town that stayed open after 9pm(to our surprise the buffet actually stayed open to 11pm).  They had about 9 different stations ranging from Seafood, Mexican and the usual stuff. Our group really enjoyed the seafood and middle eastern stations the most.The Good:Crab LegsSkewed Chicken and SteakCrepe StationThe Bad:I wish the stations had a little bit more variety.No sugar free desserts(at least i didn't see any).Overall: I recommend the spice market buffet to anyone wanting to catch a somewhat late night open buffet with a craving for really delicious food.
4	I actually thought this buffet was the best one out of the three that we ate at (Rio's Carnival and Le Village Buffet included). We got here around 4:45 PM on a Saturday, which was super early as we had just eaten at Paris only five hours beforehand. But there was no wait at all, so we strolled through the line, got a table, and sat there for awhile before we got food. And pretty soon ten minutes later, there was a super long line! Talk about good timing. :)The stations are pretty similar to the other buffets - Prime rib, salad, Asian, Italian, Seafood, Dessert, etc. They did have a Brazilian barbecue of lamb or beef off of skewers. That was pretty good. And yes, they had the crab legs. The only difference is that here, the crab legs are cut in half for you so you don't have to dig for the meat. So be prepared for the long lines. I stood behind a lady who took her time picking out all the crab legs ... and then she turned to me and said "my dinner..." The clam chowder soup is good, and the prime rib is better than the other two buffets - very tender and delicious. Pretty worth it! I loaded my plate up with veggies - very fresh and the salad was crisp, too. The pizza, eh looked quite bad as if sitting there for a long time. They had some fried shrimp, I believe which was tasty. The best part is the dessert! I think they also have a crepes station, but after the not so good crepes at Le Village, we decided to skip it. They have upside down cake with strawberries, chocolate cake, tarts, chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee, cotton candy. I loaded up on the desserts and ended my meal with cotton candy - which was uberly sweet. And I also drank milk as my beverage. And feasted on some more creme brulee - which was not as good as Le Village! Not such a good combination with the prime rib, crab legs and whatnot and I ended up getting an upset stomach. But! I really liked this buffet and the overall ambiance. The noise level is quite low and there are lots of booths/tables to divide up the room to give a more private sort of feeling. Don't forget to tip your server!
5	One of the best buffets I have had.  They have meals from many different parts of the world.  My favorite was the chicken kabobs from the Middles Eastern station that were cooked fresh.  The Mexican bar let you make your own combos, they had the salad bar for the health conscience (why are you at a buffet), also Italian, Asian, and American food.  The dessert section had cakes, cookies, pastries, fruits, ice cream, etc...  The price is cheap and the service was ok.  They did have a deal for I believe for about $15 bucks that let you drink all the beer you wanted, but with all that eating, their wasn't much space for beer at that time.
3	Good meal, decent prices, not too long of lines on weekdays.  3-4 star not truly a full 4 star.
3	Ok, so this used to be my favorite buffet years ago when I was a tourist in Vegas.  But now I'm a local and also a vegetarian, so I really don't eat at the buffets except when friends are in town.  Well wouldn't you know it, we had some friends in town recently and they wanted to go to Spice Market Buffet.  I honestly was pretty excited because I now had an excuse to come back.So I don't know if I'm jaded as a local or if it's because my choices are severely limited since I can't eat 95% of the items, but I'm never really impressed with buffets anymore.  Spice Market, however, is still pretty good option in my option.  My friends (non-vegetarians) were happy with their meal.As any vegetarian in Vegas knows, your choices at a buffet are very starch- and dairy-heavy, and Spice Market is no exception.  I had quesadillas, pasta with pesto sauce, mac 'n cheese, and whipped potatoes.  They did offer simple green beans and even some really yummy roasted veggies (asparagus, zucchini, onions) in the Italian section.  The Middle Eastern section has several veg-friendly choices, but be weary of the Moroccan vegetables- they had really bad seasoning and texture.  I enjoyed the desserts, but then again, I always enjoy the desserts.  The fruit tarts and cream puffs were my favorite.Other things you can expect include: shrimp, soups, breadsticks, pizza, fajitas, several breads and spreads, sweet potatoes, cotton candy, and a dessert crepe station.I think this is still a solid buffet, especially as a tourist.  The prices are reasonable (for a buffet on The Strip) and I even found a coupon online for $5 off (http://www.destinationcoupons.com/Nevada/Las_Vegas/spice-market-buffet/spice-market-buffet-coupons.asp).  Vegetarians, you can find enough to eat here (including a decent salad bar that I didn't even touch).  Vegans, I would say you need to avoid all buffets (too much dairy).  Everyone else, there are tons of choices including prime rib and crab legs- you will leave stuffed.
2	As a vegan, I could only really judge on the selection of veggies and random vegan-friendly items. Buffets are usually my time to get creative with what is available to me. The Spice Market Buffet looked especially fun since it featured your basic global cuisines.At the salad bar I stocked up on grilled bell peppers, asparagus, brussel sprouts, olives, and other veggies that were not very memorable. Next I perused the Mexican food bar in hopes to top certain veggies with guacamole. Unfortunately, the guacamole looked sad, grey, and machine processed.The Mid-Eastern bar looked much more promising while I filled my plate with hummus, dolmas, tabouli, pita, and if I remember correctly, some kinda of zucchini dish.Overall, I was glad that there was a sufficient amount of options for me. However, all of it tasted as if these options were after thoughts. Nothing very exciting here. To top it off, the staff all had this "FML" attitude about themselves. From the cashiers to the hostess to the servers. Geez, get a better job if you all hate it so much.The next day we went to Le Village Buffet at Paris which was way better food, service, and atmosphere. It made The Spice Market Buffet look like a Sizzler.
4	Not a bad buffet in Vegas for the price.  Wait can be kind of long. If you have a party of 8 or more, there is also an 18% service charge. Also, if you have a big group and do not want to pay the charge, and split up the payment receipt, you will probably not get to sit together.  Our group tried and failed. Experience here has been good every time. Food is fresh and there are a lot of options: carving station, American food, Italian, Mexican, Middle Easter, Chinese, and even Seafood.  They have lamb sometimes for dinner. Dinner food is usually a little better, especially with the king crab legs. The Sunday champagne brunch is awesome. You get unlimited mimosa and bloody Mary's with the brunch.  The servers are very good with filling your cup. I even got mine topped off as I was leaving. Awesome! Overall, food is good and fresh. Definitely a good go to buffet in Vegas.
2	I did not like the food. Counters were dirty. Food look like been out for a long time. The dessert bar was cute. disappointed.
3	We had high expectations for this buffet because it was all our friends raved about. Although the selection was great, the food was mediocre (should that be expected in a buffet?)The Buffet overall Our Rating (on a scale from 1-10; 10 being the best): 7Ambiance/atmosphere: 6 - The atmosphere was okay. Lots of people and we sat in the corner, which was nice. However, it felt much like being in a cafeteria and that detracted a little from our experience.Service: 5 - The waitress would come pick up our plates occassionally but with a large party they stacked up quickly. However, each time she came by, she was very friendly, as was the rest of the staff.We havent been to many buffets in Vegas, but from what we've eaten this one was pretty good. Until next time!-N & H
1	i went to this place january 3rd and it was a MESS! i will never go to this buffet! the food was just okay. it was nothing special,but the way the waitress snapped at me for no damn reason is what made me the most upset.as soon as i sat down i should have left. this waitress came to our table to take our order. it was 4 of us at the table. one person asked for coke. the other asked for a sprite or something and the waitress said they didn't have it. SINCE she said they didn't have such a popular soda, when she got to me i asked her what sodas DID they have then? don't you know this hooker told me "honey we have lots of drinks so just hurry up and pick one" WTF?! you don't have the drinks posted anywhere! on top of that you JUST said you don't have a drink that they have at every other restaurant and even fast food place so how else will i know what you do and don't have?the cashier was also very snappy and had an attitude and then ANOTHER waitress is treating her fellow employee like shit by yelling at him in front of everybody. this place definitely doesn't respect the patron's hard earned money by acting that way. i should have just gone to mcdonalds. (actually i DID go to mcdonalds the next day and the service and food was wayy better)
2	Didn't think the food was anything special and they took forever to take the empty plates for the table. Managers were just standing around talking while they were under staffed I kinda felt bad for the waiters.
3	Upon arriving at the Paris Las Vegas, incredible hunger tempted us into buying the 24-hour-buffet pass. According to Yelp, this was the second best choice besides the buffet at the Rio, which we deemed too far since weren't here with a car.Unsurprisingly, we thought the buffet was a tad worse than at Le Village but still decent. The selection was quite large and besides the Asian food (well what was I expecting?) and the seafood (only OK), everything was well-prepared. Especially the American section had delicious stuff and the carving station has high-quality meat. I got so stuffed on food before I even made it to the mediterranean and mexican section.Perhaps the place gets worse when it's more crowded. We got here at 9pm, got in immediately and the service was impeccable. Our waitress was very nice, cleaned out our table swiftly and brought refills for our drinks way before we needed them.3 stars because they had quite a few dishes that looked horrible (pork buns - ugh), but in general it's worth a look especially with the Buffet of Buffets pass.
4	Of the plethora of choices for Harrah's properties, PH has the best buffet of all of them. I rate Paris next in line. One way to know is how they make some of their food. For instance, the creamed chipped beef and corned beef hash are all made fresh. While at Harrahs, and the others, it is from a can. The Flamingo has gone up in standards a bit, but Harrah's and Paris have gone down hill some. If you are going to do the 24 hour buffet I would do PH as your main choice to eat. For dinner, they have the best choices of all the other buffets and really do the crab legs well with both warm and cold legs. They also have peel and eat shrimp already peeled for you. That little step saves a ton of mess and time. It is worth the crab legs just to eat there. Service is friendly and the staff were attentive to us. If you are Diamond or Platinum they make sure you are taken care of right away.  Make no mistake PH doesn't get five stars because it is not on the caliber of MGM or Bellagio. But for Harrah's properties, it is the best.
4	Of all the six buffets included in the Buffet of Buffets... the crab legs are the best at Spice Market Buffet. They're the biggest and easiest to eat. I love how they were cut in half so you don't have to waste time trying to open them yourself. The steamed crab legs were dry, but the cold ones were juicy and sweet. I also liked the shrimp & cocktail sauce and beef kebabs. I can't say much else about their food since I gorged myself on crabs and dessert. I came here at 6:30 on a Wednesday, but the line wasn't too long.
3	The variety of food is prety good. I think their theme was any country in which spice played a prominent role. So you had Chinese, Indian, Middle Eastern, Japanese and Mexican.But then again I could be talking out of my ear.It is definitely one of the bigger buffet places in Vegas.I arrived for Lunch on a Tuesday in November 2011. The line did not take too long, since there was plenty of seating. It is priced at the standard Harrah's properties rate. 18.98 plus tax.The one thing I liked was the Noodle bar. You can pick and choose anything from fishballs, to shrimp, to fish cake for your noodles
2	Basically crappy food. The crab legs were good, but Rio's seafood buffet has better ones. They had different types of food, Italian, Mexican, etc. But it was no where near authentic or tasty.
4	I kept calling this place "Spice World" all day, not realizing that I was mixing up the name of the buffet with the title of the second Spice Girls' album. Oh well.Honestly, it was good! 4 stars is maybe a bit much; it's more like 3.5 but I will round-up because of the big selection and attentive service (my champagne glass was always kept full and the waitress even gave us refills to-go). There is a huge variety and the majority of the selections were very tasty. I don't think I'd go back for just the buffet by itself, but I'd come back as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" pass.
5	I was told Las Vegas has the best buffets in the world. Growing up believing that buffets are the one thing to stay away from when choosing a restaurant, this was a big deal!!OMG, they had the widest variety including; Seafood, Italian, Mexican, Asian, Greek, that I would have ever imagined and it was all OUTSTANDING!!!The dessert bar/station is bar none! Creme brulee, cannoli's, eclairs, brownies, cookies, cotton candy, pies galore, and this is all that I tasted (there was much more). I felt as if I was at a Venetian hour at an upscale wedding reception with a plethera of food.If you are in Planet Hollywood and you enjoy quality food, you owe it to yourself to ask to tour the food options so you can see what I am talking about!!! Forget your anti buffet upbringing (if that applies).
3	This buffet is good for the price you pay. There's a lot of variety from Asian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Italian Greek, Salads, Soups & Desserts. The layout of the buffet is very straight forward going from end to end. I believe the scenery could use a little modernization & liveliness as I felt as I was eating inside a comfy cafeteria.
3	Eh...this was recommended to us by our hotel's guest services and to be honest, this is A-ok. Nothing too spectacular. I did however like the cotton candy but I'm not going to pay $30.99 for some cotton candy. Haha...our server seemed somewhat zombie-ish. I barely had 2 plates of food. It was a waste of money really. Everything was just ok...
3	My girlfriends and I came here for the Buffet of Buffet and was excited to see the sign saying "voted for the best buffet in Vegas".  This place has only two good things: Crab legs and desserts.  Unfortunately crab legs were cold...I like them somewhat warm you know.  However they tasted fresh and I liked how they cut the legs in half so that it would be easier to eat.  The desserts were good, though a lot of them were the same stuff that we saw at Le Village at the Paris.  The Asian sections was absolutely horrifying.  Everything was disgusting.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  Overall it was just an okay buffet.  I kept eating just crab legs to get my money worth.  This place certainly does not deserve the best buffet in Vegas award.
2	For a casino buffet, this was a disappointment... it was the least nice of all of the buffets we visited in Vegas (and believe me, we visited a lot). First of all, after having been at the beautiful buffet at the Wynn the night before, the atmosphere here was really lacking. I almost kind of felt like I was in someone's basement. It was somewhat cafeteria-y. The service was terrible. I commend them for the nice idea of having a card on which you can make your drink selections, so you don't have to wait for your server to arrive before going up for food. But this seems to foster an attitude of complete disinterest for the servers. I think we may have interacted with our server once... or maybe not, not even sure if that was him. He seemed overworked and stressed out. The food here really wasn't bad actually, but it's hard to completely appreciate it in light of other negatives. That being said, this may be one of the better buffets for vegetarians. I really enjoyed the middle-eastern and Mexican areas. Overall, decent and sometimes quite good food is overshadowed by a lousy environment and absent service. Not bad if it weren't in Vegas, but for Vegas... disappointing.
4	YUM. The prime rib here is so delicious. So are the short ribs and moroccan chicken. I don't eat seafood so I can't comment on that. Lots of variety at this buffet! There's seriously something for everyone. The chocolate dipped strawberries were a-mazing.The downside is that a lot of their meats were dry aka fajitas and kabobs.Regardless I would definitely eat here again!
4	I ate here for the second time during a recent trip to Las Vegas. The first time was over a year ago when a girlfriend and I opted for the 24 hour pass. We really enjoyed the Planet Hollywood buffet and everything it had to offer, so when my boyfriend said he wanted to try a buffet on his first trip to Vegas last weekend, I knew we would have to come here. The price is fair considering the cost of food on the strip and the selection you get here. We also paid the additional $24 to jump the line as it was HUGE and we were starving. With my Players Club card that I signed up for the first time, we got a nice little discount and were seated right away. We quickly ventured off to see what they were offering. Crab legs galore (which they topped up regularly and were nice and hot), a great seafood selection, Italian food (including pizza), American offerings, Middle Eastern, Asian, Mexican, and a great salad and dessert bar. After about 12 plates each of food, we were thoroughly satisfied! If you're looking for a good buffet in Vegas at a moderate price point, Spice Market is your best bet. We might try the Bellagio or Wynn buffet next time, but I highly recommend this one!
3	This place was ok.  I'm not going to say I'm a huge fan nor am I not a fan either.  If I didn't want to walk further down or up the strip I'd eat here again.  There is a good variety and well very decent place to kill any hangover too :-)
1	Honestly this is the worst buffet I have been to in Vegas.  Me and my boyfriend decided to go here on a whim because we got hungry and were closest to Planet Hollywood.  We had heard good things about SMB from other people and we decided to break our one buffet in Vegas rule to try it.  We were excited to  it was a few bucks cheaper than some of the other buffets on the strip and offered a discount if you join the players club for Planet Hollywood.   The line didn't seem very long when we got there but it tripled well we were waiting for a table.  It was a Sunday night in March.  I can't imagine this place on a Friday or Saturday.  This made me even more excited to try it.  Why would it be so busy if it wasn't good???  It took 30 minutes to get a table that was practically in the walkway. Not very relaxing trying to eat dinner and feeling like you're in the way of traffic.  There were other open tables available I don't know why a place would seat us in such an awkward spot.  It was nice there was a card to fill out for drink orders so we didn't have to wait for the server.  We went for it and both filled our first plate up.  I was disappointed to come back and find no one had come by to get our drink order.  We started eating anyway.  We both had gotten through our first plate by the time our drink order was taken.  I was so thirsty.  This was not the servers fault.  They were clearly waaaay understaffed.  Our poor server was literally sprinting back and forth between tables dripping in sweat.  I made sure to tip him a few dollars  before we left.  I'm sure tipping isn't well practiced in buffets but I think it should be.  The food was mostly greasy fried food. Overcooked or cold and terrible quality.   Our plates stacked up next to us and no one came to clear them.The atmosphere was similar to a school cafeteria with framed movie posters on the wall.    I get that it's a buffet but when places like Wicked Spoon are only $10 more and so much better overall why would I ever come back here???About and hour after we ate I got extreme stomach pains and felt awful.  It almost kept me in for the night but luckily the Venetian Apothecary revived me with medicine and after a few drinks I was ready to head out :)  My boyfriend felt fine* but I'm not gonna chance ever eating here again.  I've never felt so sick from a buffet. *He didn't eat any of the crab legs or shrimp cocktail.  Maybe I should have known better.
4	mmmm Mexican breakfast food --great for hungover people like myself.  They had 'make your own' breakfast burritos, a ton of fruit, homemade guac, pico de gallo , etc. I typically don't do buffets but the Bride in our bachelorette party wanted to go here so we did!!!And it was really good!  If you are a local and show your id they give you like 10% off, but it's still kind of pricey at $25+ for breakfast.The had a different sections of foods, typical of most buffets. I will have to agree with another writer,  I stayed away from the Asian/Chinese nothing looked too amazing there. I killed the Mexican section, but I think I mentioned that already. Stayed away from the desserts, the pizza looked pretty bad so I steered clear of the Italian section altogether, the seafood section could've been better but the friend buffalo and coconut shrimp were pretty good, stuff sole was good too!All in all pretty good & fast!
2	Located inside younger-crowd-ed Planet Hollywood, the Spice Market buffet is located sub-level with entry off the escalator.Offerings for breakfast were just A-OK (as denoted by rating)...I don't remember anything memorable here; they serve lunch fares during breakfast hours and the dessert station is filled.  One note on food:* Pork taco in Mexican-fare station = Odd. Their pork filling was char-isu pork, def not your usual taco (but it wasn't good).  Was it their attempt to mimic the food-truck crossovers in Cali?Service, however, was very friendly & engaging.  Sadly, this is the only redeeming factor at this buffet.
3	I have been here approximately five times and Spice Market Buffet has always been a hit-or-miss for me. I either have a great meal there or the food was just not as good as the last time I went. The food there isn't consistent. I tend to go after the prime rib and it's usually super rare or overly cooked when I get it. I've only had it perfectly cooked twice. Also, I don't recommend the Asian section of the buffet especially the pho because the dishes there lacks a lot of flavor or they over season their dishes.One major complaint that I have at this buffet is that it's always hard to flag down the waiters, waitresses. When we need extra utensils or a refill on our drinks, they said they'll come back in a minute which turns into fifteen minutes. It's kind of ridiculous. I have also had a bad experience with one of the waitresses having a bad attitude. My boyfriend asked for an Arnold Palmer with Raspberry Iced Tea and she gave this face and said, "Can't you order something else like, a coke?" Come on now..don't need to get crazy over a drink order.Even though the food isn't perfect, I do enjoy coming here because most of the food they offer is pretty good. I also really love their dessert bar. The first time I ate here, they had this chocolate mousse and it was the best chocolate mousse I ever had. I keep coming back here hoping that I can have it again but my luck has always been bad and have never seen it since. Other than that, I like the pies that they offer.Overall, Spice Market is like your typical Vegas buffet, crowded and overpriced.
4	Come at 11:00am. Breakfast then the swap for lunch.
4	I like the assortment, here.It is one of the few buffets in Vegas to offer Middle Eastern food.  I do not recommend the baklava, if you want authentic.  It is overly sweet.  It doesn't taste bad, but it wasn't what I was craving.  Some of the foods are hit or miss.  Some of the chicken dishes, for example, are extremely tender and flavorful, and some are dry and bland.  Luckily, they don't seem to charge extra even if I leave their tasteless food on the plate.  I got the shrimp tempera right as they put it out, and it was delicious.  I don't usually eat tempera when I go to restaurants because the oil is reused so much, it leaves a nasty taste, and it isn't a good crispy texture, but this one was crisp and delicious.  It was the best I've ever had, even compared to non-buffet restaurants.It has some unique dishes as well.  They had ribs cooked with a black pepper sauce on the outside so that it was crispy on the outside.  It was interesting.  They also had meatballs with breadcrumbs around the outside creating a crispy exterior.They also have a lot of the foods Le Village Buffet in Paris has.  For example, they have the same breads, but more.  They have the same cheeses.  They have the same meats, but more like the stuffed sole fillet.  And best of all they have the frozen custard.The crepe station here just gets premade crepe skins and reheats it with butter. Also, when I when, the cuts of meat on the carving station seemed better at Le Village, compared to Spice Market.Overall, this and Rio are my favorites from the Buffet of Buffets.
5	Best buffet award on The Strip goes to The Spice Market Buffet!Bottomless mimosas and succulent prime rib for brunch! Am I dreaming?Babe and I came to Planet Hollywood to try Spice Market. Unlike Wicked Spoon, SM skipped the presentation and went straight for quality. Both of us filled our plates until our stomachs shouted, "no more!" Too bad stomach, because I just realized there is prime rib! I got a slice of prime rib on my plate and shared with my boyfriend. YUM YUM YUM. I was extremely surprised at the succulent piece of prime rib staring at me. The quality was that of (if you're from SF) House of Prime Rib. Unfortunately for me I came upon the prime rib when my stomach was full.Will definitely be back for more.
3	We came down to the buffet since it was the closest place to get some breakfast food on a Sunday morning. It was pretty good for taking the elevator down and have a choice of just about any kind of food you want. I don't think you can expect lobster and crab at 11:00am in the morning, but you will get some things like prime rib and other nice cuts of meat. If you're not gambling then you're probably going to pay full price at like $25 or more. Coming from Chicago this is a pretty steep price. You're only in Vegas so much, so why not right? I would probably go back here again if I could eat twice as much or if I had a huge amount of comps. If you got money to blow, you're really hungry and don't want to go far from the hotel, then you can get away with eating here and being happy about it.
1	Worst buffet so far! Overpriced and their breakfast was limited to seven different styles of eggs! The waitress with an attitude fishin for a tip? Huh? Blame your no tip on the overpriced bland food!
4	This is a pretty good buffet.  I really enjoyed their Mediterranean offerings which felt healthier (not sure if they were.)  The lines can get a bit long, but it's worth the wait.
5	"I ate sooo much, now I gotta go to sleep"!
1	Eeeeek!  What happened?!?!  The Spice Market Buffet was once among our Vegas favorites, but now we'd avoid it like the plague after our recent visit while in sin city!  We got there early enough to beat the worse of the dinner crowd, and had nearly no wait in line.  Our table offered a great view of the many suckers who arrived later and elected to pay the extra $12 to enter the speed pass-esque priority line.  Out of everything we had only one thing - watermelon - qualified as very good.  The rest was mediocre, sub-par or downright inedible!  Of particular note were the Mega dry and unappetizing bread/roll offerings.  Nothing like a crumbling, bone dry roll to get your dinner off to a crappy start!  The ever popular crab legs were so so at best, being on the smallish size and in some instances stringy (instead of offering those to-die-for yummy chunks that may be had from good, properly done legs).  It was also disturbing to see so many foodstuffs that didn't even LOOK appealing, amongst the various sections of the buffet.  Major, major disappointment, and not because we're overly picky (as my next review re: Bellagio's brunch bufdet attests)... perhaps a microcosm of Vegas... shovel out your cash, and don't expect a good return on investment!!!
5	I work for the Planet Hollywood and I want to let everyone know that the hours of operation for the Spice Market Buffet is incorrect.  Here are the correct hours:Breakfast (Mon-Fri):  7a-11a, (Sat):  7a-10aLunch (Mon-Fri):  11a-4pDinner (all days):  4p-11p (Normal closing time is 10p but they have extended to 11p until further notice)On the weekends, we have a Champagne Brunch between 10a-4pm.Helpful tips: **Show your Total Rewards card for a $3 discount from regular prices.  :)**Buffet of Buffet pass:  Allows you to eat at any participating buffet at any Caesars Entertainment property (as many times as you'd like in a 24 hour period) for a flat rate. (time starts from the time you purchase the pass).**If you try to call the buffet to speak to a live person-don't bother because all you'll get is a recorded message.  The operators cannot see how long the line is nor can we go out and check.  hahaha!  :)
5	My fatass decided that the 24 hour buffet bracelet for 55 large was the sweetest deal a fatkid such as myself could partake in whilst in the beautiful city that is Las Vegas.  DID NOT DISAPPOINT!I was hungover as all hell from going to The Double Down bar the previous night.  I did not want to eat, but knew that I needed to.  A couple of skinny friends mentioned this place but I'd always brushed them off.  Who trusts skinny people when it comes to good buffets?  But it was the closest buffet to our hotel, so we went and holy moley was it the best decision a couple of hungover kids could have made.I started out small with a salad since that's usually what my hangovers require of me.  Best salad I've ever had.  I can't be sure it was because it cured my hangover or the salad was, in fact, the best salad I've ever had.  But enough of the lettuce, EVERYTHING was good.  Even the indian food, which is fairly odd for a buffet.  But the meat and dessert did me in.  Pretty sure I lost 3 pounds being sick and gained another 6 from parking my piggie arse here for a good 2 hours.
2	Line is very long, but is it worth it? No, because it took away an hour of my time waiting in line, and the return value was nothing because the food was meh.In my humble opinion, this place is only popular because of the hotel and not for the food.To reiterate, the food was either bland or salty. Thankfully, we had the Buffet of Buffets deal for $45.99 (after the $5 discount for being a total rewards member) and we got to eat at 6 different buffets within 24 hours. So for the price of it being Buffet of Buffets, it was only okay. If I had to pay for the original dinner price, I would be quite upset right now. Do not pay full price would be my best advice. It simply isn't worth the price!About the food, only 3 things really made my trip a little better:-the fruits (lame right?)-the middle eastern food section as many have mentioned was good-the cotton candy (wow! this was the only buffet I know that offered cotton candy!)Other than that, nothing else stood out. You're better off saving your money and spending a little more on more noteworthy buffets---like the Wynn and/or Belagio.
3	After a brief coma, I started out on the strip at 4 am and was at PH and hungry at 7 am when they opened so..... Good value and decent quality food. The eggs made to order station dude was spot on with my over easies...
3	Went to Vegas with a buffet fiend!!! This boy even made me get the 24 Hours of Buffets pass! The first stop was here. Immediately upon descending the escalators I was disappointed... I mean it's like you're eating in a basement cafeteria. It was kinda sad. At least it was very clean and there wasn't a wait. This was actually my 1st Vegas Buffet experience ever so there was a lot of pressure and the Spice Market delivered on a few fronts. First off, it was cool to see they had a Middle Eastern and Mexican food sections - you don't see that too often. And they were actually quite good. It also had the run of the mill Italian section, pizzas, salad bar and carving stations. Everything was just A-OK. I actually can't really remember anything in particular jumping out at me. The desserts though, surprisingly, were pretty fantastic. Full size slices of various different cakes, cheesecakes and pies plus tons of different kinds of miniature tarts and cakes and cookies. PLUS cotton candy!!!! What buffet has cotton candy?!?! The following day, to continue our 24 Hours of Buffet theme, we hit up the Paris Buffet. PH blows Paris out of the water. That place sucked! Definitely come to Hollywood for better eats. Who knew?!
4	I enjoyed my meal here more than at The Wicked Spoon.(In an effort to boil down this review and impart some streamlined advice.)
4	My bf and I had just arrived in LV, starving and ready to chow down with our Buffet of Buffet passes bought and ready to be used. What better place to engage in gluttonous eating than a buffet? We arrived at the Spice Market right 10:55pm (they close at 11pm and for some reason we read that they close at 3am on Yelp. Glad to know someone fixed the times!) and they were nice enough to immediately seat us right in front of the desserts so we had quick access. They let us know that food will be put away by 11:30 and that we'd have to leave by 11:45. They gave us a list of drinks to choose from and we just checkmarked a whole bunch that sounded good so we could hurry along and fill up our plates. They separated the buffet areas by genres - Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, Seafood, Asian, Dessert, Middle Eastern, etc. My favorite of everything that I tried was the crab stuffed sole. The crab is so flavorful and the sole was soft and delicate. Whether you're a dessert person or not, try the creme brulee. You will love it. And I love the fact that they had pink cotton candy. How fun and cute! Our waitress, Remi (?), was an angel the entire time. She knew we were in a rush and was quick to bring out our drinks and give us recommendations on the best dishes. She felt bad when she had to kick us out at 11:45 and repeatedly apologized but we knew she was just following the rules. We came back the next day for round #2 but sadly didn't see her. Nonetheless, the food was one of the better ones we had from the Buffet of Buffets list and the service was exquisite.
1	Disgusting food! High fructose corn syrup and GMO in everything. And they charge 20 bucks. I felt so sick and threw up after I had breakfast there. The service was terrible, our waiter disappeared, no one speaks English, depressing atmosphere,  I will NEVER go there again!
5	This had probably the best prime rib I have ever had, very tender and full flavored. The candied fruit pork was cooked to perfection as was the crab stuffed sole. They have a wide variety of foods, and even had more luxurious feeling options than the standard crab legs and shrimp cocktail (delicious of course) like a cheese and salted meat selection with olives and roasted vegetables Mediterranean style. A few items were not up to par like the lamb kabobs which were tough and the spareribs that were dry and inedible, but the quality of the other meats far outweighed these flaws in my opinion. I only had one dessert, but it was absolutely perfect and full flavored made from quality ingredients. Typical buffets tend to have pretty desserts that fall flat but this one was delicious. The majority of the food I ate was meat/seafood, so I can't say much about the "American" food standards but they looked good. Also they have cotton candy that you can get made fresh and walk out with. We received excellent service from our waitress and even the coffee was decent, not watered down but pretty full bodied for a buffet. The best I've probably been to ever.
5	Everything I tried here was well made. Highlights include the crab-stuffed sole, shrimp cocktail, lamb kabobs, and Mexican pork.Special mention must be made for their dessert selection. The mini creme brulee and lemon meringue pie were outstanding.The restaurant itself is comfortable and professionally run. Service was friendly, and the layout was easy to understand with a glance.I heartily recommend Spice Market Buffet.
3	Dingier than last time I was there 5 years ago (it is in a basement after all). Wynn beats the pants off it. The options here are plentiful, but the drink service was super slow and we were seated in an area and they were cleaning around us during our meal with a janitor cart. It kind of spoiled the mood. They had sports on TV, which as an Olympic fan, I enjoyed.Some of the strengths here are the middle eastern booth, the desserts, and the italian booth. There was an interesting lamb stuffed tomato that I loved. Some of the misses are the Asian buffet (looked like it had been out there all day), the seafood line (put the busiest thing in the corner where the most people jam in?) and the quality of the mexican ingredients. Good if you get the 24 hour pass and need a place to eat all day. Otherwise, take the cab up to the Wynn or cross to Bellagio. I think you'll enjoy spending your 30-40 there more.
2	Mediocre/ junky dishes. However, they do have lots of variety and they do cater to the late night/fourthmeal/ jumbaco palette, which made me wish that this buffet was my college residence hall cafeteria. That would've been awesome.
3	lunch: i like the multi national spread but nothing was stand out awesome and definitely NOT worth the cross-trek of the strip that nearly gave me heat stroke. clean, fresh, good service. worthwhile but probably only if it was in your hotel or nearby.
3	Apart from the really awesome Middle Eastern section (which makes sense since Planet Hollywood used to be the Aladdin hotel a million years ago), it's not worth the price you pay.
4	I sincerely believe that PH has one of the best buffets on the strip. The selection is good and the price is reasonable. We went for Sunday breakfast around 8am and it was not busy at all. Just walked right up to the cashier.
3	This place had a weird smell... Maybe it was all the different foods mixing, but when I walked down the stairs and got a whiff of what was to come, I wished we went to different buffet. But this one is my friend's favourite, so I just had to buck up.They told us it would be a while if we wanted to sit together. We opted to break our group up because me eat now. When we sat down, the table beside us left shortly after. They could have bussed the table beside us and sat us all together, but it sat dirty until we left... I guess in the melee that is dinner, things go the wayside. It was crab-tastic. It was a hard fight though because you have to throw elbows to get near it... and there is lots. That's all I had... oh and some grilled veggies. Actually, I lie. I had meat... a nice slice of prime rib. Oh and some creme brulee. I never make it past the dessert area because that to me signals the end. Unfortunately that means I missed the Meditteranean section and the Mexican section. I think I was feeling the after effects of my brekkie/lunch buffet because I just wasn't feeling this one.
5	One of my top three Buffets of all time!!!!!!!  Worth a trip to Vegas I love Middle Eastern food so this is an extra win for me.    They have a little of everything, Salad, Mexican, Asian, ( I remember different California Rolls as well), and American.  Get there early the line can get long.Bellagio Grand Buffet and Rio Seafood Buffet are my other two favorites.
4	Still one of the best buffets around - quality over quantity.
1	This so-called buffet is located downstairs in the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino.There was a long line, but the wait was only about 10-12 minutes. Ended up paying $27.99 since I had my player's card, but my friend ended up paying $30.00 since she didn't bring hers.Anyway, I had a little bit of each cuisine, except the Mexican, since I accidentally spilled water all over it. Unfortunately, it would take me forever to nit-pick what was wrong with each dish, so I'm just going to be listing what I didn't like about each one here:American:Rag-out: mushrooms tasted like they were uncooked, sauce was flavorlessMacaroni & cheese: it didn't taste like cheese, or pasta; plus the cheese was sort of clear(eww!)Mediterraenean:Naan with mango chutney: Okay. The mango was a little too sweet for my liking, but it wasn't terrible.Seafood:king crab legs: these were going fast; not sure why though. They could have at least provided some melted butter so it wouldn't be so blandclams: tasted like mussels; though that's not necessarily a bad thingItalian:3 cheese lasagna: similar to the type of lasagna you'd get at Sbarro. A-ok.I didn't have any of the salads, but my friends said they were good. And now, for the desserts, which was the worst part of the meal:Seafood:king crab legs: these were going fast; clams: tasted like mussels; though that's not necessarily a bad thingcarrot cake: basically, they baked carrots into rye bread.flan: weird, because the sauce was good, but flan itself was like flavorless jello. strawberry cheesecake: okay, so they decided not put any sugar in it. Oh, and they substituted some crumbly feta cheese for the cream cheese. Awful, just awful.creme brulee: the top wasn't even glazed over and crunchy; you're supposed to crack the top of a creme brulee to eat it. The inside tasted very eggy, and the texture was just like pudding.lemon meringue tart: Guess they decided to save money and just use the same filling for the creme brulee and the lemon meringues. Hands down the worst dining experience I have ever had in my life. Though I didn't try much of the Mediterranean cuisine, my friends said that and the salads were the only tasty parts of their meal. The only thing I liked about eating here was that they had cotton candy.
3	honestly, this is an amazing buffet. you can get pretty much anything you want here and the food is amazingly delicious.Why could i not rate it at least 4 stars? At the start of my meal, there was a broken piece of glass in my food, which I didn't realize until it was in my mouth and I was about to swallow it. I kindly pointed it out to the service staff - who were very gracious in accommodating me and apologized. After realizing the glass was there, I just lost my appetite for the rest of the meal.I don't demand free stuff much or am one of those people that cause a scene to get a free meal, but I did hope that the broken glass in my food (and in my mouth) would get me a refund on my meal. Unfortunately that was not offered. :-PBecause of that incident I don't think I can bring myself to go back there again.
4	Really enjoyable experience this trip. Went for dinner and paid 10.99 extra for unlimited champagne. Love the tempura shrimp, steak kabobs in middle-eastern section, prime rib, mashed potatoes, and great selection of desserts. Can't wait to go back!
4	I was expecting a 5 star experience...but got a 4 star instead.  Good variety of foods, but the kabobs were all so dry...hope it was a fluke.  The prime rib was tasty.  I think the best cuisine there was the "American" one, so be sure to check it out.Cheers
3	Probably about 100 or so food options here (brunch).  I'm sure they pull out all the stops during dinner, but from what I experienced, the dessert bar is the only reason you should come here.The brunch offerings were pretty basic.  There wasn't an omelet bar so that meant any egg you put on your plate was probably in a carton or powdered prior to cooking.  I was surprised that there weren't more breakfast options, especially with sections dedicated to food from specific regions.What's a Mediterranean breakfast like?  I still don't know.The most popular station was the dessert station.  There were a dozen varieties of cupcakes alone.  You'd also find cheesecake pops, cotton candy, cookies, soft serve ice cream, and various danishes.  The only thing missing was some pecan pie.And more breakfast items...
2	I have frequented the Spice Market a number of times when I  was in Las Vegas.  Every time it was excellent probably the best in the city.  I took a party of 9 today for breakfast, spending over $180 only to find the quality had fallen off significantly.  As examples, the cheese on the cheese platter was dry and the edges curling.  The baked oatmeal was so over cooked that you could not get a serving spoon to break the  crust.  The bowl of compote at the crepe station were very unappetizing.  In fact the bananas foster with peaches resembled vomit.  I infact spoke to the manager, Keith, and his.attitude was that he could care less and did missed my comments.  Save your money and find another breakfast buffet.  This review should actually have 1star but the attitude of the waitstaff was excellent.  The only.redeeming feature of this Buffett.
4	This buffet is amazing. I liked how it was super organized with the food by their origin. I think ether the american and the asian section was the best.
2	Another buffet? Why the heck not. Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet isn't anything to rave about but if you're looking for a quick buffet and a lower price point, this is your bet.Cost:Breakfast ~$15.99+*Lunch ~$18.99+*Dinner ~$27.99+*All you drink $11.99**prices before tax, weekend prices increase by a couple dollars.Service:Quality if service isn't the best, got in line, paid, with no one ahead of us and the waiter/host were busy talking to one another.What's good to eat? The brisket and grilled asparagus are the most satisfying in my opinion. The roasted chicken was a little dry for my taste but was seasoned appropriately. Baked potato was very plain, nothing to rave about, does need a potato toppings bar though. The various styles of cuisines didn't seem to blend for me. This would be a place to eat if you're not too worried about the quality.
2	We should have known that this buffet had gone downhill as there was no line at 11am - just when the lunch buffet was beginning!  This used to be so good and worth the wait. Now it is very mediocre and we will not be going back.
3	When I come to Las Vegas one of the things I like to do is hit a quality buffet.  I don't eat at many of them and 'Vegas has an incredible variety (both in terms of items, quality and cost).This buffet didn't disappoint.  LOTS of variety of foods.  Everything seemed fresh.  If you like cupcakes you've come to the right place; I think I counted 10 varieties plus soft-serve Custard.  Not many cakes or cookies though, primarily just fresh cupcakes.I had a generous helping of Prime Rib and some ham, both were nicely cooked.  I also enjoyed some of the best mashed potatoes I've had in a long time!The only drawback's I saw were, there is no self-serve beverage station; you must order soft drinks and water from a waiter and sometimes the wait time for a waiter seemed a bit long.  I also thought the cost ($30 a person for dinner on a Thursday night) was high, however the food was good and being on the strip it's probably one of the more affordable buffet's you'll see on the strip.I'd come here again!
2	Came here for breakfast the day before leaving Vegas. Decent selection of breakfast food items. Everything was pretty standard and average, but nothing really blew my mind. Let's just say I didn't want seconds of anything. The dessert selection was sooooo disappointing. The dessert ranged from cupcakes to........uhhh more cupcakes.
4	My friend & I were just there yesterday & Sunday (we got the 24 hr pass for $44.95, $48ish wth tax), we obviously liked it. Here's what I liked: tandori chicken- very flavorful, an itialian style baked chicken, bbq chicken, mashed potatoes-I think they were the best I've ever had at a restaurant, creamy & full of flavor, sourdough bread was soft-perfect wth butter, chicken fajitas-I should know this was good, I'm mexican, mushroom concotion- dnt know what its clld but that sh%$ was goooood, pizza-bothe the vegetable & pepperoni, vegetable eggrolls-just the right amt of spices, the ranch dressing-yes, the ranch is awesome, they have a tomato/mozzarella salad that was pretty good 2. Here's what I didn't like: no enchiladas in the mexican section-all they had was chkn or beef fajitas, mexican rice (it was ok), whole pinto beans, street tacos (they looked old) & a selection of salsas, guacamole, sour cream, etc. Next, the tortilla soup is more like a chunky, spicy tomato soup, not tortilla-although the flavor was good, its defin not tortilla. The chicken fingers were fatty- I took a bite & that was it, I cdnt even swallow that one. The chinese noodles were dry, blah. I was dissapointed in the location 2, its down the escalator below the casino, no natural light. Although the decor is nice, it was a little 2 dark 4 my liking. I am not a seafood person, so I can't rate that. I saw ppl eatin they crab legs, oysters & shrimp. They have several beef & pork selections, like bbq ribs & sm other stuff. But again I ddnt try those so } can't rate them. I dnt know if I wd pay the regular lunch or dinner prices though, get the pass, I think its a btr deal. My frnd & I were able to get 3 meals out of it, pretty good at $48 for the strip. Lastly, the desserts, hmmmm? Ummm, not much of a selection, all cupckes pretty much. They do have tons of flavors though & the ones I tried were pretty awesome. They also have a crepe section, but a small selection of what goes in the crepes. Also, a self serve soft ice cream machine. Enjoy! Oohhhh I almost 4got, the waiter we had yesterday was the nicest I've ever had. I ddnt get his name, but he had an accent. Cdnt tell where he's frm though :-(
4	Overall, I'll say I'm a fan. I went here for brunch with a friend on my trip to Vegas a few weeks ago because it was highly recommended. The brunch was "ok", but what we really needed to stay for was the lunch .... and we did.GREAT variety - there are over 6 different cultural food stations (Middle Eastern, American, Mexican, Asian Fusion, etc) and a cupcake bar! I'd agree... Not the 5 star experience I was hoping for, but still worth a trip if you like to eat like we do!
2	This was the 4th and final stop on our 24 hour buffet rampage, and we all wished we would have skipped it. One of my brothers even suggested leaving while we were all on our first(and I think only) plate and going back to Paris or Harrah's. We came here for brunch on Sunday. In addition to them not being satisfied with how slowly the champagne was flowing, they all mentioned how nasty the bacon was, and we were all less than amused with the selection and variety of this place. The corned beef hash was VERY salty and I did not enjoy the smoked salmon, but the chorizo & eggs were good as were the breakfast potatoes. I was also somewhat annoyed that the signs did not match what they were in front of, but maybe that was because they were changing from breakfast to brunch. My first plate was OK, but I had no desire to go back for a second, until I saw the dessert. They had a HUGE selection of interesting flavors of cupcakes. I had a candy apple one, a key lime one, and two other unique flavors. They were really good, but not good enough to lure me back here, even with the buffet of buffets pass. Do NOT go here, as there are far better options.
4	Breakfast OJ is watered down.Nice staffGorgeous bathroomsFood was decent
5	Yum, Yum, Yum!My boyfriend and I went here during our Summer Vacation and purchased the 24 hour buffet pass. We went here and then to the Paris buffet for breakfast.The pro's:- food from every ethnicity- crab leg's pre-cracked - makes eating tons of them easy!- all food is delicious- attentive staffThe con's:- can have a long line- expensive if you haven't purchased the 24-hour pass- easy to over eat.... IF you consider that a con. =PWill definitely make this a Vegas tradition.
4	Sunday Dinner review:3.5 stars, but I'll give it 4 for the heck of it. I didn't expect a whole lot from the buffet at Planet Hollywood, but maybe that is why I was pleasantly surprised. After going to the Bellagio and finding a "holiday menu" at the buffet with subsequent elevated prices for the weekend, my buddy and I decided to head across to PH and give that one a try. The buffet itself can be a little tricky to find depending on what door you come in. It's set in the basement and seems almost forgotten about. Compared to the fancier casino floor above it, the buffet seems dark and dingy. However, it's really not that bad once you get settled in.Prices aren't cheap, but are decent for what you get. There are plenty of little sections with different types of food, including an interested Middle Eastern section which...well, half of it seemed Greek. Maybe they think Greece is in the Middle East? Meh...They even have hot AND cold snow crab legs, which were fairly decent (though the hot ones were a bit dry). I found them better and easier to eat than at the Paris buffet a couple days prior. Dessert was really boring. It's basically just a big section of cupcakes. People love cupcakes, I know, but come on...can you serve anything other than cupcakes? Sure, there are a few other things hidden in the shadows, but not really. I tried two, and one was very good...but the other wasn't. Service was good but not great. She got us our refills and cleared our plates, but didn't smile throughout the process. Oh well, I'm getting used to that at buffets in Vegas. I'm giving it 4 stars (again, rounded up from 3.5) because it was better than expected. If I had gone in with the foolish mindset of getting something as good or similar to Wynn of Bellagio, I would give it 2 stars...but I would hit myself for being that stupid too. For what it is, this is a fine buffet.
4	Saving my 100th review for Vegas buffets....I've been here several times, but my recent visit to Vegas during the summer we did the 24 hour buffet pass for $45. Without it, price for regular brunch is $27.99 and dinner $29.99, but for $15 more you can visit one of several different local buffets as many times as you'd like in a 24 hour period. Definitely a good deal and worth it. The Spice Market buffet has one of the largest selections and the freshest food in town. I suggest you get here early (30min) to avoid the lunch and dinner rush. The buffet is set up in stations that represent different styles of cuisine. Great lineup of world foods that are sure to delight your taste buds and senses with offerings from the Middle East, Asian, Mexican, Japanese, and Italian. Plus your standard American buffet spread - prime ribs, ham, turkey, bbq beef ribs, roast chicken, etc. For seafood, the king crab legs, stuffed scallops, salmon and shrimp cocktails are delictable and tasty. The crabs come pre-cracked making it easy to pick through and cuts down on the time required to enjoy them. My favorite station is Middle Eastern grill station. Great grilled lamb, kabobs, and vegetables.The dessert station is awesome here. Decadent choices of desserts like cream brulee, cotton candy, canoli, cup cakes, eclairs, fruit tarts and chocolate dipped strawberry. There is even a live cooking station for dessert where a chef will make you a hot bananas foster or a made-to-order crepe.Atmosphere is nice and service was pretty decent. The server was friendly and would stop by regulary to re-fill our drinks. They have TV throughout the  restaurant perfect when watching the Lakers or sports game.Overall - 3.5 star. I would recommend this place to anyone. Definitely a better choice over Harrahs or Paris buffet.Cons - Finding the place can be difficult cause its located in lower level of the hotel. Make sure to follow the signs to escalator. Long lines during peak lunch and dinner hours. Pricey, but make sure to get 24hr pass for great deal.
4	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas. Got the 24 hour AYCE buffet special for $50. Great deal! This place is clean and modern.The vibe is pleasant. I came here for brunch and dinner yesterday! There are a wide selection of food from Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Italian, American, Seafood departments. I recommend their breakfast items, prime irib, italian sausage and peppers, braised short ribs, mexican rice and chile verde. Their salad bar is disappointingly lacking of items. Their dessert bar should be called cupcake bar because there are a zillion types of cupcakes. I prefer their petite cheesecake. Our servers were attentive but our young male server during brunch couldn't multitask. The line can be ridiculously long so it's best to come at odd times if you want to beat the traffic.
2	This place is garbage. The people at the host place that takes your money are rude. We probably should have went somewhere else just based on the lousey service prior to us eating.We got to the front of the line to grab some grub at PH. The lady took us in and asked us how many."Four"She looks at us..."Oh...this guy can help you." and she points to her counterpartCoutnerpart looks at her...I look at her and both."You can't take them?""There are four, I only do singles."So just right there, makes me sad. My buddies and I were pretty disgusted about that experience and we haven't eaten.So we sat down and grab some food. That was disapointing. The soup feels like it was from last night. How can I tell? Noodles in a chicken noodle soup shouldn't look pastey and falling apart. It should be nice and firm. Salad bar seems lacking and everything is a repeat on the other side. All the foods are seperated. There's Asiantown, Indiantown, Mexicantown...they are not named that but you get the idea.Soups are against the wall. Salads, well not sure what happened there, didn't have much but fruit.This is really not worth the trouble. If you have that 24 hour pass I would pass on this one.
4	This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas and it still has the old buffet name when the hotel use to be called Aladdin so Caesar's Entertainment is still lagging on the Planet Hollywood renovation. But anyways this buffet is located on the basement level of Planet Hollywood and when the lines get really long particularly on the weekends, it can snake around the casino towards the strip entrance. They even offer you to move to the front of the line for $20! But if you are a highroller for their Total Rewards program then you have your own line to avoid this cluster FUCK. I prefer the Mlife program because they have better buffets and nicer resorts (Bellagio, Aria, Mirage, NY NY, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay  and the lower tier Luxor and Excalibur).I always experience great service here except for a few that are minor, the food is just your typical Vegas buffet and not over the top like The Buffet at Bellagio and Wynn also the new Bachannel Buffet at Caesars (REALLY IMPRESSED).The decor is just plain with movie posters all around the Buffet and the staff has their favorite movie posted on their name tag I thought was pretty cute. The dessert station was the best with the fresh made cotton candy, lollipops, crepes and the usual cakes and gelato ice cream. This isn't on the top of my lists for buffets but I wouldn't mind coming back.
2	Visited here on a Tuesday morning for their breakfast buffet using a 25% off ACG coupon.  There was a fairly long, slow moving line at the cashier stand in order to be seated.Service was AWFUL.  I had already practically finished my first plate before a server came around to bring drinks, and then only after I had asked another server is anyone was assigned to my section.  No excuse for that.  Also had to ask for the one refill I managed to get on my coffee.The food was decent, except for a piece of beef of some kind that could not be cut with a knife or chewed.  My experience at Flavors buffet at Harrah's the next morning was much better.
2	Came to the Spice Market Buffet for dinner using our buffet of buffets pass. Sadly it was not very good. There is a large variety of food types, but unfortunately most aren't worth trying. The Mexican station was the best, but even that wasn't great it was just far better than everything else! On a positive note the line moved very fast and we waited for less than 10 minutes.If you have the buffet of buffet pass save yourself the stomach space and go to the Paris buffet instead.
2	First off, no service, so check-in first...The buffet is located on the basement floor decorated with an extravagant entrance arch. The escalator was broken on the other side (coming back up to the casino), people were complaining...I thought it was good...(You just ate...think about it as exercise). Anyways, we walked inside and saw the buffet of buffets deal. So of course...I bought that! I may be a girl, but I sure can eat like a football player! =] The selection here was a salad bar, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, American, and desserts. The salad bar was not very good because everything looked very limp. You could tell whoever bought the produce doesn't know how to choose the right fruits and vegetables. The Asian entrees were a bit salty...not a fan. Italian area looked very good, but quality wise...not so much. The pasta was a bit dry as well as the meatballs. Another disappointment like Bacchanal Buffet...Guess Vegas wasn't set for Italian foods? I'll just make my own Italian dishes =]The Mexican area I would have thought would have been good, but I was disappointed. The nachos that I created was falling apart. The chips were thin and couldn't hold much of the ingredients. The toppings were not made fresh except the pico de gallo. The guacamole was watered down. The meats didn't look very good and just sitting there drying up...The cheese quesadilla was not good! It wasn't hot and the cheese was hardened. All I have to say is that I was sad...Nothing against Mediterranean foods, but once I tried this awhile back...I wasn't feeling very well, so I can't say much about this station. But the kabobs looked nice. American selection wasn't that great...I asked for a rare slice of prime rib and they gave me well done, not very good with service. (Could have said to wait for the next one to come out). So I decided to wait later and the meat was a bit of a tug to eat, but descent though. There was also sausage and ham. Chicken noodle soup at first tasted good, but the second bite...man you definitely can taste the black pepper. (Broke a sweat...JK!) The macaroni and cheese didn't look that good to eat...should have stuck with my first impression, but decided to take a huge portion still. This tasted horrible...the macaroni was cooked thank goodness compared to Bacchanal Buffet...but the cheese was overcooked and didn't have enough flavor. Another disappointment.The dessert station was like watching Cupcake Wars...WAY TOO MANY! Just looking at the different flavors of cupcakes made me want to chuck everything back out. I did try the red velvet cupcake and it was dry. The icing...do not know what was sour in there...Then, I tried the fruit tart, which was not very good except the crust. The cheesecake was extremely thick and bland. Overall, I would not recommend coming here, but we got to Vegas late and stayed at Paris...So the second closest place to eat was Planet Hollywood. However, service here was ok...not the best. Didn't take plates very often. Also...where I sat...it was broken...so I got a bruise on my booty... =( I guess the unlimited apple juice made up for it though =]
4	We got 24hours pass (Buffet of Buffets) and we used it 5 times in 24 hours. The Spice Market is a good buffet with too many options. But the quality of food is like all buffets. Good thing about this buffet is their seafood.
3	Went here Nov 3 for brunch. I could have sworn their advertisement said they had snow crab legs! I went on a hunt and did not find them. :( i was sad. The OJ is not the bomb there, neither is the coffee. Food is fine, dessert is amazing! They have a cotton candy machine! it was unique and new to my buffet dining experience. I appreciated the addition.
3	Okay people key word here "BUFFET" so can't go expecting to have 5 star service but if you want a bite to eat and you are in the mood for different things this was okay for me. It was not like the Rio but I was not trying to pay $50.00 bucks and stand in line for a couple of hours. It was Veterans day so I got a little lucky and was in about 30 minutes I was tired and starving, so the food was good to me. I had my waffles and bacon and grits and a few other items and I was on my way. I will have to try them again at lunch or dinner so the review will not be a little biased. I say this because I had a major hangover:)
1	I was hardly impressed, especially for a $20 a person weekday breakfast buffet. Showed up and had to wait in line, and then another line after paying. Service could've been more friendly. When we were seated, our drink orders were taken. Milk was closer to warm than cold. Since the buffet is huge, my wife and I decided to walk around and preview what was available. I pretty much immediately regretted spending $40 on what was sure to be a sub par breakfast.Half the food I took was under temperature, and a lot of what was available looked VERY old. For a 9:30 breakfast in Vegas, this seems a little disturbing.They started bringing out cupcakes before we left, and some were pretty good. But honestly, nowhere near good enough to ever bring us back. If you're hanging on to "Best Buffet in Vegas" from like 5 years ago, I think it's time to refresh. I can't imagine paying for a dinner here-- there's no way it can be that much better.
5	i like the crab we been around others like bellagio,aria ,rio, etc. but here i like most. coz the crab is sweet not like bellagio(way salty, i thow them all) not too many in line like rio( also good)
1	Horrible - don't waste your time and money.This buffet went so far downhill from when Aladdin name was around.It used to be a great place with delicious food before change to Planet Hollywood.Now for 35 dollars you get crap - and wait in a long line.Food does not even look appetizing, especially crab legs and meat.Dessert choices are non existent - most of them are just cupcakes.  And they taste awful. Stale cupcakes in an upscale buffet - someone from management needs to pay them a visit.  They used to have fresh made crepes, flambe them with liquor, add fresh fruit. Now there is a premade stack of crepes, they put some canned peaches and whipped cream and there you go!  No thanks.
4	Really enjoy our buffet here out of all buffets in Vegas, good food, decent taste, and variety is outstanding. Just a little hectic with the service, you would have to wait 30 min for a fork or a drink. waiter/waitress a little clumsy and slow. A little messy at the restaurant and food station as well. Would be better if the station show more cleanness  and sanitize. But otherwise food is excellent.
3	Went here for Sunday brunch for about $32 per person.  This isnt bad.  The wait was about 10-15 minutes.  there is a line for paying then line for tables.   The place is pretty big and tables are not too crowded.  Loved the breakfast section.  they also have meditterrean, seafood, asian, mexican, and roast beef/ham sections.  What also stood out was the cupcakes section.  they had about more than 10 flavors.  I was actually expecting a variety of desserts such as cakes.  I would not mind going back to this buffet.  I have been to Cosmo buffet which is so much better.  I have been Harrahs buffet which was a little better than this place.  This place is way better than the TI buffet.b
2	Only standouts are the prime rib and the fried seafood.  The dessert section in the middle of the buffet looks impressive, but only a few of them measured up.There are better meals to be had in Las Vegas.
2	Went here around 5 p.m. on a Saturday.  The wait was ridiculous...the employees kept asking for a party of 5 or 6.  The line was not moving at all (where you have to wait in line AFTER you pay).  Next thing you know, they are still asking for a party of 5 or 6.  My husband & I made a party of 5 with other people who were waiting in line.  This was dumb....the employees should have been saying, "we have a table for 5-6 people if you don't mind sitting together."  We were starving & so were other people.The snow crab legs were nasty---didn't even get one or try it.  All the other food looked like what ever...this only got 2 starts instead of 1 star, because I liked the "middle eastern" section.  However, I went here thinking I was going to have some crab legs.Everything in the middle eastern section was pretty good: curry was delish, hummus was good, pieces of beef, lamb, & chicken were o.k. (some were good).  The pieces of meat were a bit cold  All the other sections just didn't look good.Dessert: lots of different flavored cupcakes---didn't know what to get.  The one I tasted was just o.k. & had some kind of filling inside.*We went here with our buffet of buffet pass, but we will pass on this buffet next time.  I rather to go the one at the Rio.....
4	A great selection of food. I especially liked the sushi, king crab legs, and Mediterranean section. The dessert table looked delicious.  They even have cotton candy! Great service!
1	Breakfast--cold- all prepared and put into trays. Only one station for freshly cooked food-crepes.  This buffet cost us $42.00.  Thank God we had a Planet Hollywood credit.  Even with the credit (free) this food was crap!
1	The Spice Market HaikuChampagne brunch is fun.Taste foods from around the world.All my meat is dry.The end.
5	THE BEST BUFFET!!! The crab legs are already opened for you and they taste great!! They have 3 different types of sushi. They have spicy tuna (the best roll there), California roll (I think), and crab (eh, not my favorite). The sushi was pretty good I must say. Seafood LIke Meter: 98% They have lamb there, it tasted delicious!! They also have squash. By the way, they have a variety of "fancy" meats and squash on swords. You should definitely check that section out!Food on A Sword Score: 10000000%Omg, the deserts are like your swimming in a pool of hot fudge chocolate with cotton candy trees and chocolate bunnies surrounding you!! They have like 100 different cupcakes. I recommend getting the s'mores, THAT is the best cupcake I've eaten in my life!! They also have ice cream. Chocolate and Vanilla. And they have cotton candy! Yummy!Desert Score: 100000000%Overall, The Spice Market Buffet is the perfect buffet for anyone who has a big appetite. You are going to have to check this out yourself to see if you like it! I am FOR SURE coming back here!Oh I almost forgot $20 bucks a person... It's worth it! :)
5	There are many reasons one may come to Las Vegas, and for me, one of the biggest highlights are the buffets, and from all my experiences in buffets, I can tell you that  THIS is how you buffet!I don't know if I have (yet) been to a better buffet than the Spice Market Buffet, and now I worry that this will ruin all future buffets.  This is the kind of place that makes you sad that the stomach can only hold so much food....I wanted to eat everything!  Just as in any buffet in Las Vegas, you must traipse through a casino full of exploited  scantily clad women, and breathe copious amounts of second hand smoke - but the reward of the buffet is SO worth it! The food was amazing, and the real standout to me was the middle eastern section.  I have never been to a buffet that has even HAD a middle eastern section - let alone one that is so delicious!  Another one of their specialties is cupcakes. Now, when you arrive - head directly for the middle eastern section for delicious, and freshly grilled skewer meat and vegetables.  Are you a crab legs fan?  All you can eat snow crab are ready for you to get your hands into!  Other highlights are the steamed BBQ pork bun (think dim-sum), curry chicken, handmade meatballs, pork street tacos (I added guacamole of course!), California Rolls, and the tomatoes stuffed with ground lamb!  Even the salads and fruits all tasted fresh.Service was good, though the lady at the register kept pushing the "club card" for the hotel.  No thank you.I wish there was more I could tell you, but to sum it up:  This was as good as it gets.  This is exactly what I think of, when I hear the term "Vegas Buffet".  You can bring anyone here, and they would be happy with at least SOMETHING here!SUGGESTIONS:  Stop reading this review and GO EAT AT SPICE MARKET BUFFET!
2	My friends and I got the buffet of buffets pass $45 with the TR card.We came on a Saturday morning around 12, and waited for about 30 - 45 minutes before we were seated. This buffet has a really small selection per style cuisine around 3 - 4 types of food per section.  The prime rib here was really juicy and red which I liked, but nothing else really stood out.   The meats (meatballs, lamb stuffed tomatoes, chicken, etc) were all dry and not very tasty.  For desserts they have 10 - 15 different types of cupcakes, I had the Reeses peanut butter cupcake, Kahlua cupcake, Chocolate Ganache Cupcake, Cannoli cupcake, a fruit tart, and the cotton candy. The Reese's peanut butter cupcake is good if you like peanut butter alot, but there wasn't enough chocolate for me. The Kahlua cupcake barely had any Kahlua flavor. The chocolate ganache on top of the cupcakes was really sweet and creamy. The cannoli cupcake was pretty fluffy and moist. The cotton candy was the only thing I really enjoyed at this buffet. I didn't even eat that much because the food wasn't very good.  I would not recommend coming here if you have the buffet of buffets pass, because you will just be wasting your time.
4	The SECOND you walk into Planet Hollywood...Gitchi gitchi yaya dadaGitchi gitchi yaya hereMocha chocolata, yayaWhere d'you think you're sleeping tonight? Oh!!Even though I consider myself a lady, I couldn't stop looking at the laa-dies!!!  How else was I going to get to this buffet?Buffet of Buffets got me and this was my final and last stop.  24 hours came and went in a flash!  It was only 2 hours ago that I had lunch but I only had 4 more hours before this 24 hour bracelet expires!  We waited in line for about 20 minutes, which is reasonable.  As we reach our cashier, I asked the guy to cut my branded bracelet off of me.  He asked me if I was sure... I actually hesitated for a second, thinking, I can get another buffet in!!!  As he cut the bracelet off, I felt a tinge of sadness...AHHHH!!!  No more buffets!  But a slight happiness too... AHHHH!!! No more buffets!  The deed was done...Both of us being still full from our last buffet adventure, sat for a very long time before heading up to grab food.  And my round 1 attempt was pathetic... Round 1: pesto pasta, fried chicken, mash potatoes, anti-pasta, various cheese slices and olivesRound 2: Alaskan crab legs and shrimp cocktails with fresh lemonsRound 3: Chips and salsa, tandori chicken, baklava, prime ribRound 4: Alaskan crab legs (hey, don't judge, this stuff doesn't take up much tummy real estate :P)I requested for hot tea at the end of the meal and it was Lipton, bleh.  But the wow factor came when they gave you a small jar of honey to go with your tea.  Although I came in already stuffed from another buffet, I can absolutely tell that the food was really good.  The selection was abundant and I think I would come back for more next time I come to Vegas.
3	Received 2 complimentary breakfasts from ph during our stay and of course we took advantage of that. Bf and I went at around 10am and were seated immediately, though it was decently crowded for an early meal and there was a line waiting. Unfortunately, the waitress forgot the orange juice we ordered but we didn't mind  because their breakfast smoothies available at the buffet bars were good substitutes. The Arnold palmer on the other hand - gross. Took one sip and the watered down taste almost made me wanna puke it all back up. Jk it's wasn't THAT bad, but it was the worst arnold palmer i've ever had!The best part of the buffet was the different types of sausages they had and the seasonal fruits available. The eggs Benedict were a sad story and the lychee pear concoction had an interesting flavor but strange texture. Overall, can't complain being that it was a free meal but def not a place i'd be waiting in line for!
2	We eat here few years back and the food was better - we went there today with the kids and the food was around OK not more then that. Add to that the fact that all buffets in Vegas has this Holiday Price uplift that adds 30-40% to the standard price and one end up not getting his money worth...
3	The lines here are quite deceiving for a first timer. Once you walk up and see a small line upstairs before the escalators, you'd think to yourself, "hell yeah! Short line means we can eat quicker!" think not.As the line moved within 15 minutes upstairs, you get invited downstairs then we see the other giant line that we were not prepared for. So it was our fault for seeing the mirage upstairs. The new one was about 35 minutes until we were seated.Food choices were pretty good and plentiful. Since I have only been to less than a handful of buffets in Vegas, I really did like the different sections from around the world. My favorite was the Mid-East section with all the juicy meat selections. The meat both lamb and beef were juicy but a tad rough on some pieces. I'm down to come back here next time.
1	felt like eating in the refugee camp.$35 for the low end food is not worthy.They asked for extra $20/ea for express line which actually slows down the regular line. Do want to give yourself a break before you step in.Aria has much better buffet than this one.I give 1 star because there's no zero star is available.
4	This buffet is located in the Planet Hollywood casino, I think if I was a kid I would def love to eat at this buffet, they have cotton candy and a good variety of desserts/cupcakes as well.  Please remember to show your Total Rewards card since they do have a discount for cardholders.I tried the dinner buffet here on a Saturday, the wait time was about 10 minutes, which was surprising, the food selection and variety here was outstanding in my opinion, they have about six or more sections of food (Seafood, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Asian, Italian, and American)The middle eastern and american sections of food were the favorites for this trip.  The shrimp, lamb, crab legs, and dessert selections were very good as well.  There is also a prime rib and turkey carving station, the mashed potatoes were very good. The service was great, our server checked on us numerous times to fill drinks and remove our plates when we were finished.  I'm sure this varies depending on what time or day you visit, I've some to expect most buffets in Vegas can be hit or miss on service, etc so don't hold it against the employees since they are trying their best to keep up.  I will definitely have to try this buffet again on my next trip to Vegas.
2	Really not sure why this buffet was voted No. 1 for six years in a row (according to its own website).Maybe I was tired. Maybe I was full from all the eating I did that day. Maybe it was because the waiter came by 3 times to ask me what I wanted to drink, only to remember that he already took my order twice. Maybe it was the dried out cupcakes. Maybe it was the dry, warm cheese. It could have been the fact that there was no chicken kabob, or that most of the food was unoriginal. Or the hummus tasted weird.No, it was all of that. Except the cotton candy was decent. Sadly, we waited an hour for this.
3	It's better than the buffets at The Riviera and Circus Circus but not as good as The Wicket Spoon at The Cosmopolitan or Bellagio, so yup, I'd put it square in the middle.  There are lots of choices.  I couldn't always tell what sauces or toppings were being suggested with what foods.  Some sections tasted way better than others.  If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, it's obviously convenient and won't take a long waiting line or $30 per person to get through the doors.
4	selection is goodservice is OKquality isn't the bestbut dessert station is amazing! so many different types of cupcakes and cotton candy!not my favorite, but not terrible either.
1	$119 for three of us to eat. Food not fresh. Quality has realy dropped over recent years
2	I went here during a busy holiday weekend, and the buffet was PACKED. There were two options to get into the buffet: wait in line and pay the normal price (which I did and ended up waiting for nearly an hour), or pay the express line price. Those who paid the express line price got to zip through the line, but they got the same food for a lot more money. I didn't think it was worth it. The food itself was good, and this buffet had lots of options. However, the service was abysmal. You have to write your drink order on a card instead of telling the waitress. We didn't know that, and we waited a while for the waitress to arrive. Once she did, we didn't have our card ready so she just left. I ended up not getting my drink until I had finished my first plate. That sucked. Plus, we never got refills. This place was definitely NOT worth the cost.
4	I have to say I was completely impressed with this buffet. We actually stayed at Planet Hollywood Hotel and this buffet is right in the hotel. My advice is to avoid going around typical meal times because the line can get outrageous, but we went to breakfast at about 10, lunch around 2:30 and dinner at around 8 and there was practically no line or wait at any of these times. The selection is good, there is a Mexican, Seafood, Italian, Middle Eastern, Asian, American, and Soup/Salad section for dinner. If you go to the brunch you get free champagne! Make sure if you go you do the buffet for buffet so you can eat for 24 hours for one price. We went for dinner on  our second to last day there, and then on our last day we were able to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner. The staff was also very friendly and each waiter/waitress was very attentive when it came to asking if we were OK and if we needed more drinks which was surprising for such a busy buffet. If you like crab legs you definately need to check out Spice Market Buffet because they have crab legs already cracked open for you and you can just keep piling your plate with them (if you're like me). It's quite dangerous, in a good way though lol.
2	As Sir Charles Barkley would say "turrible turrible turrible" Don't be fooled by a packed house at the buffet. Sure there are a lot of food options for breakfast at the buffet here but none of the offer much in taste and make you want to go back for seconds. The only thing I enjoyed here was the frozen yogurt, which is pretty difficult to mess up. Worst meal I had on my trip and will definitely not go back again. You can put your money down on that.
4	I was staying at PH so the spice market buffet was really convenient to go to. Right next to the pleasure pit ;) We headed there to find that there was literally no line. Random Friday night on a slow weekend, so we lucked out. We tried coming back two days later and faced a 45-60 minute wait!This buffet has several, regional/cuisine themed stations. There was mid-eastern, italian, asian, mexican, american, seafood, and desserts. There were also soup/salad mini stations on both ends of the buffet. The asian section I barely touched because the sushi did not look appetizing at all and there were only 4-5 sad looking chinese items. The mexican food station was pretty much a taco/nacho bar, but still had some good stuff. The italian section had some tasty lasagna and mushroom pasta. The mid-eastern section had some mediterranean food (pita, hummus, dolma, etc.) and some kebabs (a bit overcooked). Standard meat carving station and seafood spread. I really liked the sole wrapped crab item. The There was a huge selection of breads and desserts. Their dessert station was ridiculous. So many different types of pastries, cakes, tarts, huge selection of cupcakes, cotton candy, and a crepe station. The crepes were pre-made, but still very tasty. Overall great selection and I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
4	A very solid buffet inside the PH. All the food was above average in quality and they a had a ton of food stations for different cuisines around the world. The dining area was very nice and spacious with flat screen tv's all around to enjoy sporting events. The dessert section was lacking though, almost completely dominated with dry cupcakes. The price point is a little pricey, but you get a bit better quality too in all aspects of course.
3	Among all the buffets in Las Vegas, is this one very special? not really. Why did we come here then?  only b/c we bought the buffet of buffets, and this was one of the buffets on the card.  One great thing about this buffet was that there was no wait!  so if you are almost done with your 24 hours on the card, but you still feel like trying another buffet, this would be the one to try!  Lot of food selection, and it is clean. dessert section wasn't too great, just mostly cupcakes.
4	One of my top choices for buffets in Las Vegas - and I have tried almost all of them. Spice Market Buffet offers a great variety of great tasting food for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. If you want to save some money print out the $5 coupon from http://www.destinationcoupons.com/nevada/las_vegas/spice-market-buffet/spice-market-buffet-coupons.asp - I've used it on several occasions and it's always worked. Make sure to show your Total Rewards Card if you joined the casino to save even more. At breakfast they have traditional favorites like pancakes, waffles, french toast, scrambled eggs, salmon and lox with bagels, oatmeal and fruit, etc. Some nice additions are eggs benedict - you won't find this at every buffet breakfast, and an omelet station. For lunch/dinner they have prime rib, turkey, salads, mexican food, Mediterranean food, seafood including crab legs, paella and cocktail shrimp, asian cuisine, and italian including pastas and fresh from the oven pizzas. And of course they have desserts - notably, made to order crepes, cotton candy and soft serve custard. I think this buffet is a good buy for your money - there aren't a lot of "exotic" foods that you would find at buffets like the Wynn or Caesars - however, the selection is delicious and you can't go wrong.
3	A nice variety of foods that are categorized by cuisine. However, I only found the shrimp and rack of lamb to be appetizing and tasty. Other notable items they have: Crab legs - already split in half for you and you can eat your money's worth here if you're a big crab person. Prime rib - somewhat on the dry side Wide selection of cupcakes - a person with a sweet tooth would love their selection of dessertsKabobs - they have several and I tried the lamb kabob. Unfortunately, that was also dry. As I'm not in Vegas all that often, I'll probably try another buffet next time.
4	Everything here is tasty, fresh and well prepared.  The variety is huge.  The deserts are excellent.  I have been coming here since before the Aladdin became PH.  If it weren't for the new generation of buffets, this would be the best in Vegas.  They have a little bit of everything in a cuisine type segregated format.(mexican food is all together, asian is all together).  You can't go wrong here.
4	Huge variety of food, better than le village buffet. My friend and I went to each section of the buffet and got a small portion on what looks good. The kung pao chicken in the Asian Section tasted like general tso chicken.. Two thumbs up for a huge variety of cupcakes. They have flavors such as s'mores, mint chocolate chip, red velvet etc.. They had so many different flavors that I can't even remember them all.  I will defiantly come back here for more next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I am terribly displeased with my experience here at the Spice Buffet. Its not only grade D for Vegas but it can be considered one of the worse buffets I had ever been to. Not only were the food not fresh but the dessert section shouldn't even be called a dessert section, all it literally had was just cupcakes and some frozen cheap yogurt ?! This is actually quite disheartening because just a couple years back SPICE market buffet was the go to buffet, rave reviews from everyone and now its literally a ghost town down those escalators. Aside from that ,the service was not great, the people working there seemed to not know what they were doing. I had bought the meal ticket and Spice market was one of the options, when we presented our ticket to them they told me it was not accepted!? It took a bit before they were able to process it and made us walk to V theater to pick up a different voucher to dine there, i thought that move was just so inconvenient and unnecessary! I went back and told the same lady that had no idea what she was doing the situation and she rudely responded that this was just the way it was. I say pay an extra 20 bucks and dine at a better buffet !
4	Seeing as I gave the sneak preview in my PH review here is the more detailed version.Spice Market to me is the most interesting concept buffet I've seen. Being a foodie with access to some of the best buffet's outside of Vegas I hold the restaurant  type in high regard. There is quality and quantity and good amounts of both reside here. You can really only eat American or non ethnic foods for so long before getting absolutely bored and living, working and growing up in highly diverse communities I found a passion for flavors of the world. This is something that Vegas has failed to understand with the standard buffets at other casino's. Sure they have everything you'd expect from sausage, prime rib, crab legs, shrimp, pasta, burgers, etc, but they also have KBBQ, cous cous, vegetarian dishes besides vegetables, kabobs, spring rolls, pad thai, carne asada, lamb gyro. The deserts could be better, but honestly I think they just need to be more hip. Offer some cake pop's, some bread pudding and not just brownies and sundae's and chocolate fountains. The desert game is uncharted territory for them and usually only the big boys can really diversify into that level. Service is excellent and the price is marginally higher than comparable standard buffets at other casino's.It basically is a multi ethnic food court stacked on top of a Vegas buffet. Lets face it the demographics speak for themselves in the people who come here and the people who live there and work there. Expose yourself to some culture, come eat here. It will remind you more of home when you've been in Vegas too long.The bad thing is that I eat buffets pretty often so stuffing my face while out here is a flaw I've fixed. I've explored off the strip and found some gems, but if taking a 10 minute taxi isn't your thing and you want to stay within your casino/hotel this is a fine establishment.
4	this buffet has always been one of my favorites especially because of the crab legs being already cracked and ready to go, but the last time we were there, they did away with the really excellent choices for dessert at dinner and offered a whole display of different flavored cupcakes and cheap machine frozen yogurt, whats up with that. that really soured me on the whole experience, thats a really cheap way to end an otherwise really good buffet. very disappointing. it could make the difference as to whether we'll go back.
1	I don't know where to start.  I am not pleased with the Spice Market.  If you want better food go to the Mess Deck on the USS Kearsarge LHD-3.  It felt like the food was prepared off-site in a factory and just warmed at the eatery.  I was expecting tasty South West Asian food, but instead it was canned Dolma, Hummus that tasted like diarrhea, and Chicken Kebab meat that tasted like super dry chicken breasts.  The deserts, they looked industrially manufactured off-site.  The coffee tasted worse than Mess Deck or Chow Hall coffee.  I wonder with plenty of 5 star reviews, I wondered if those customers were more drunk and intoxicated than an Infantry Marine or Deck Department Sailor suffering from ETOH poisoning.  The price wasn't even worth the crappy food, for better food, go to the Area 52 Chow Hall.
2	No longer one of the better buffets. Was there a couole weeks ago and was dissapointed with the service and the food. Didnt get my drink for 15 minutes after sitting down. Place wasnt even busy. The food has definitely went down. I cant think of one item that was great. Everything was average or below average. They got rid of creme brulee and Alaskan king crab legs. I love crepes but again this was subpar, canned fillings. For the price you can do better.
2	Food quality: 2/5The food here is so bland. I minus one star for the lack of selection, minus one for the taste of the food they did have, and minus another for not having any crab legs... Everything they had tasted like something made at a normal buffet like Golden Corral or Hometown Buffet; I'd expect better from a Vegas buffet. Sorely disappointed.Customer service: 2/5I only give them some stars because when I asked a random person for some ketchup, she brought it to me (though it took longer than one would expect). On top of that, we received our drinks from our waitress and saw her maybe once more for the rest of our 2 hour meal. Ambiance: 2/5It just feels like a place that will disappoint. You have to take the escalator downstairs to the dungeon. Inside it's somewhat dimly lit, but not like a nice steak house dimly lit... It just looks terrible and it's laid out so you can only walk along the food area to get from one side to another. This may at first make sense because they want you to see the food, but when you're getting food from across the place and it would be slightly easier to cut through, let them. Don't put up a wall half way through the place so you have to go all the way back around by all the food again.
3	It was an okay experience. Price is little higher than Aria or Bellagio. I enjoyed Middle-eastern and asian food bars. Dessert bar was the worst, only cup cakes and cheap ice-cream machine. Seating was okay, I am not a fan of booths with high walls that you cannot see anyone. Service was okay, server was very attentive.
4	Great buffet of the 24 hr deal w/o up charge. Gets crowded, but good for a buffet.
5	We have been fortunate enough to receive VIP treatment here due to our Total Rewards status... So they treat you especially well .. No wait line, special seating, crab leg platters, warm towels etc... We really appreciate this here! But regardless... The food is great! Wide variety of international choices, all stations well serviced. Good desserts. Great service. We'll be back!
1	I think thisis probably the worse buffet I've been.  The food selection is limited, the quality is pretty low.  We saw quite few people just paid for their buffet & demand their money back after they saw the food selection, we just try to see how bad can it be, and it's really bad.  Very disappointed for the money we spend.
3	My girlfriends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood recently and dined at Spice Market Buffet for our first meal in Vegas. AMBIANCE: When you see the bright sparkly sign, you are expecting something high end but once you take the escalator down to the dining area, it looks a little drab. Clean and spacious though...SERVICE: My friend misunderstood the prices that were posted on their website because she missed the part about the price going up in February and it was February first that day. The lady at the cashier was absolutely RUDE and would not even listen to my friends explanation, as calm and nice as she tried to be. The service at the table was great though with our water always being refilled and plates taken away in a timely manner.FOOD: Great selection with food from different cuisines: italian, chinese, mexican, middle eastern, and seafood. The buffet selection was great as well with cotton candy and TONS of cupcake flavours. We loved that there was a huge selection of cupcakes but many of them were actually dry. PRICE: It was $25 per person for their lunch buffet
4	Best buffet we had while in Vegas, over Bacchanal (Caesar's), Paris, and Rio. Their food is of much higher quality than the other buffets and we loved the selection they had. This buffet, presentation wise, looks plainer than Bacchanal, and the selection is a little smaller, but the quality of food is much better. We would definitely go here again.
1	Why on earth do people go to buffets? it feels like cattle lining up and feeding from a trough! most buffet food is bland and mostly over priced anyways. Do people really get their moneys worth? Anyways, my review is for BreakfastThe only pro to this buffet was it was free with booking the hotel. The eggs were so runny and cold yuck! every item was pretty bland, bacon was paper thin, every section just had the same selection of things. We would have rather paid our own money and have a nice breakfast somewhere else. I am not a buffet person and probably wont go back to one anytime soon. The bill would have been $45 dollars for fricken breakfast. Id like to know what idiots paying to go to these expensive Vegas buffets thinks paying over $25 for runny eggs is good value?
1	For many years this was the best buffet in Vegas, for me especially due to wonderful desert bar. But couple years ago they started increasing the price while converting the desert bar to just an ordinary selection of deserts you can find in any buffet. This place is no longer great to eat and look at, it's becoming an ordinary, overpriced buffet.
1	Had heard wonderful things about the Spice Market Buffet so wanted to give it a try. I am Indian so was excited when I saw tandoori chicken, chicken curry and naan at the buffet but I was extremely disappointed. The tandoori chicken was absolutely not marinated, they just added a crap ton of red coloring to make it look appetizing. The naan is not really naan but just pita bread...false advertising?Out of all the sections, I probably liked the seafood section the most but was a little careful because I didn't want to eat too much seafood and get a stomach ache later. The Asian section was horrible! The lo mein was so dry and the chicken looked rubbery and fake, again...I was extremely disappointed.I could keep going on and on about all the crap food but I think you get the idea. The best part of the entire buffet was our server. She was very sweet and the only reason I'm giving Spice Market a star is because of her.Weekend lunch price is $30.99+tax/person and that is definitely a rip off. For the quality of the food, it should be more like $9.99/person. Kinda bummed that we shelled out so much $$$ for horrible food but it happens and at least we gave these so called amazing buffets a shot...never again.
3	The selection seemed thin @ the time we went, around 2 on a Thursday.  The dessert section was well stocked.  The Mexican section seemed very generic (reminded me a bit of cafeteria food from high school) still left full, but would but be interested in trying somewhere else first.
3	I think this is one of the better buffet options in Las Vegas.  They serve a diverse mix of food here.  There are different station set up for various ethnic foods.  The quality of the food is a bit above average, and the tastes our flavorful.  The dessert section is my favorite part.  There is no food or dish that truly stand out though.We had gone here as part of the Buffet of Buffets pass.  We lined up to go downstairs to the buffet, and it took about 30 minutes to get through.  Not too bad.  The ambiance is pleasant, and the service is fine.  I honestly do not know if I would go here and pay the normal price of the buffet here.  They are pricey, and there are better value options in regards to buffets in Vegas.
1	we bought the BUFFET OF BUFFETS 24 HOUR PASS - which included the PH the spice market buffet ... the majority of the food was very salty ...
4	Definitely not as popular was other buffets. but the food is very good for almost no wait so I'd say it's worth it.
5	Part of our 24 hours buffet bonanza ($49.99 for Total Rewards Members), loved the lunch selection.  There were options from all over the world and the desert spread was awesome.
2	I dined here 3 years ago for breakfast and it was really good (+1 star) we even went back twice that trip. The next time I went back in March '13 and the food was terrible. Food was cold and every thing looked like it had been sitting for awhile. I had 2 mini waffles and tried to eat the gross watery eggs and a sliver of pineapple,  then decided that i had enough, nothing else looked good. I notified the manager ( I wasnt the only one complaining). It was so bad I left a buffet hungry. I really hope they fix this and go back to the way it was 3 years ago.Cons - Expensive-Food is cold-Food doesnt look appealing
2	Before You read this I must say that I am the type of person that would much prefer a $50 plate of good quality food than $40 smorgasbord of mediocre food.  With that being said, there are a few things I expect from every restaurant, and one of those is CLEANLINESS.  I dined here with family in March for Sunday brunch at around 2pm.   While I must say, they do have a nice selection of food, especially desserts but I didn't expect to see bugs on the buffet.  Oh...and yes, I did say bugs, and by bugs, I mean a roach.My wife was going to get food and she saw a roach crawling on the buffet in between food bins.  The lady manning the station saw the roach and in a very mechanical fashion covered the roach with a towel, threw it on the floor and stomped it out.  She had no sense of alarm which made me feel like this probably happens all the time.  I was at the table trying to enjoy my dessert (the cupcakes were fantastic...and the bread pudding was the best part of my meal) but my stomach was turned when my wife returned to the table to say "Oh Lord...there is a roach!"  To the credit of the restaurant, we went to the manager and our meal was comped immediately which I do appreciate, but I don't appreciate knowing that I might have consumed food that was tap danced on by bugs.I would not return to this restaurant, but I must say that the manager handled the situation well, for what that is worth.
1	Really wanted to like this buffet but it was "just OK" nothing special. Usual crappy buffet staples. A few standouts, I mean VERY few: tempura shrimp, bao buns & baklava were pretty good, these were the reason for 1 star, pretty pathetic! Especially since we paid $35 a person on a saturday night, wait time wasnt too bad.
3	Stop 2 on my Buffet Of Buffet's adventure.  This place was pretty good, very flavorful food, lots of different styles of foods.  Food wise there were lots of options but not a lot of options at each station.  There was a lot of seafood, though i'm not a seafood fan so I didn't have any but if that is your thing you are covered at this place.  Being half Lebanese I went straight to the Middle Eastern station and but fairly upset with what was available.  I picked up the "Dolmas" which I had a couple of issues with, 1. They were served cold. 2. They were sitting in some form of oil. 3. They were served with a side of Feta Cheese.  Which that is the Greek way of serving them, not the Middle Eastern way.   I also got some lamb, which I haven't eaten lamb since I was a child.  This lamb however was perfectly cooked.  It was very tender and seasoned perfectly.  I later picked up some roasted turkey, some chicken, some Naan bread, beans and rice, quesadilla.  I had some Mac & Cheese as well but wasn't happy with it at all, it didn't taste right or good.  After we did go to the cupcake station which at first glance it offers tons of different flavors of cupcakes, however most of them were hard, and some of the flavors were not good.  Though I did like the cream puff cupcake enough to have more than 1.The food was pretty solid, however the service was not great.  Our waitress only gave 1 refill and was away from us most of the time we were in there.  I would return to this place again and suggest it to my friends.
5	OH HELLS YES! The food here is AMAZING!!! Try the seafood station and the lobster pasta! We didn't stay at PH, so it was $33 per person, but I never complain when it comes to delicious food.
3	This wasn't the worst, but wasn't the best either. Went here on a Monday for lunch for $25 per person. It was fairly empty but it was a Monday. The Mediterranean station had my favorite food. The hummus & curry chicken were delish!!! The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.The Mexican station was decent. You could make fajitas or nachos. The guacamole was questionable... You couldn't see any avocado pieces, maybe I just like it a bit chunky. I personally really liked the Mac & cheese- so cheesey!!!!!! And the jalepeno cornbread! My tummy was happy. Asian station was eh. Dessert- I was super excited but was a bit disappointed. The cupcakes tasted like they had been out for a while, not hard but not as soft as I thought they would be. The crepes: I thought they would make them fresh but they were premade. You had your options of fillings and they were pretty good. One of the best parts of the meal. Cotton candy was a fun little to go item you can eat on the way out.
1	Food was just ok. Lots of variety but Every thing very generic. Derserts very disappointing look good but all the cup cakes dry and awful! Won't be back a specially For 30$ a pop.
2	The Spice Market buffet was really disappointing.  The shrimp, wild mushroom stew, strawberry cream cake and bread pudding were the only redeeming dishes.  The crab legs had the frozen seawater taste (at least they were pre cut) and most of the fish in the seafood section were dried out, frozen fish.  The grape rolls in the Middle Eastern wasn't even edible.  The deserts were marginally better.  It was definitely a cop out to have so many cupcakes instead of real deserts.  Glad I got a groupon and didn't pay full price for it.
2	What the hell happened here in the past 6 months. This was my favorite buffet in Vegas since it opened. I came here this past weekend expecting the best but instead got shortchanged. I asked for their 24 hour AYCE buffet pass. It went up $20 to $70. Really? I expected the quality of food to have increased as much as the prices. Over half of the food I got was so SALTY, I couldn't eat it. If you have heart disease or diabetes, run for the exit. Ridiculously salty. It was 6:30pm on Friday when we walked in. This place was empty. Should've recognized this red flag. Came back for breakfast the next day. Same thing. My favorite corned beef hash to the hash browns were saturated with salt. Who runs the kitchen now? They should rename their buffet "Salt Market Buffet."  Time to find me a new buffet in town...Any recommendations?
2	This is the Reece Witherspoon of buffets. It's bland, cold, and lacks character, but tolerable for 90 minutes because you're girlfriend wants to go. It really had all of the standard buffet fare, but didn't do anything for me. I picked at each station, but couldn't find anything really to write home about. I will say, like most of the buffets that it was only half full, but had a twenty minute wait to get in. Can we please learn to staff these buffets with more waiters??? Anyway, I really recommend you skip this one and head to the buffet at Paris. AMAZING!
4	This is a really good buffet.  We stopped here when we were in Planet Hollywood as they gave us a discount voucher.  They have all the standard fare you would expect.  Once thing I noticed was that the quality seemed to be better than the other buffets, including Rio's World buffet.  Service was also good, as the server came around often to take care of our drinks.  Make sure to get the discount coupons that they pass out, or for getting their new player card.  It's a good deal.We were here for lunch, so I there wasn't a huge variety of exotic foods as I have read in other reviews.  I will be coming back in a few months and I'll be staying at Planet Hollywood, so I'll come back for round two.
3	OK so I received a Groupon for this place. So what do I think....this place was just OK, nothing that stood out the lamb was over cooked and everything was just uggg. The service was good and my boyfriend said all the seafood was fresh and tasty so that was a plus. Other than that I have no rave review or no complaints. it was just ok but I wont be going back. There are many other choices in LV.
2	I've been living on Vegas for ten years now and have been to most buffets so far. This one was a bug let down. Most of the food was very dry and the selections wasn't as great as you would expect after waiting and hour and a half in line because of some kind of special. The service was very slow, I really had to flag someone down just to get my drink refilled. The desert selection wasn't great as well and the banana foster was made very poorly. However the one redeeming feature they did have was that they can custom make crepes with a wide veriety of toppings. Overall I wouldn't go here when there are so many better places to eat in Vegas and better buffets.
4	All you can eat & All you can drankkkkkk~Bought a Groupon here for dinner for 2 for $45 and I think it was well worth it! When we came at 8:30 on a Monday night there was a little line but it moved fast.. we probably only waited like 15 minutes. After we were shown to our table we immediately headed for the seafood section! I filled my plate with crab legs, shrimp cocktail, crab stuffed fish and some slices of cheese. Those are the only things I ate at the buffet LOL no joke I literally had a repeat of the same plate 3x! HAHA They have both cold & hot crab legs everyday of the week! They are snow crab legs but they are already sliced down the middle to make it easier to eat. If the crab leg selection doesn't look that great just kindly ask the worker behind the counter to refill it! The shrimp were not that big but were already peeled and ready to go.   The fish was moist and stuffed with a tasty buttery crab stuffing! They had some interesting things that other buffets don't have like a whole section for middle eastern cuisine~ Our server was really nice and after giving her a little tip and after she realized I drink a lot of wine, she just left the whole bottle with us LOL We left stuffed, happy & pretty buzzed! The regular price for the buffet is around $30/person.. I only think that is worth paying if you eat a lot crab legs and drink a lot of wine! HOT TIP: before you leave ask for an alcoholic drank to take with you~!!! more bang for your buck!
2	We only dined here because we arrived late and were hungry and didn't want to venture out into the humid heat for dinner. Although there is much international variety, the quality and flavors were marginal. Try Wicked Spoon, Wynn, or M resort buffets instead, you won't regret it.
2	I can't believe the chef told me to eat the tiny slice of prime rib, then come back for more. (I asked for 2 slices after seeing how tiny the first one was).I can't believe the middle eastern section dude only gave 3 nuggets of beef kabob. I didn't even feel like asking for more after the prime rib episode. It was way overly salty. Glad I didn't get more (and waste it).I can't believe the cupcakes are 'signature'. I wouldn't put my name on them, that's for sure. They were dry, they fell apart into crumbs when the paper was removed. Didn't see any pie or cake (other than the damn cupcakes).I can't believe the salad bar was so unsubstantial.Braised short ribs didn't have anyone armed with a chef's knife looking over them. I took 4 or 5 pieces, but only ate 2. Tasteless, rubbery. No monitoring needed; but then, no monitoring was needed for the kabobs either.Crab legs were conveniently split, so I ate some of that.Sir PH: Sucking people in with Groupon isn't going to save the place...a change of menu and attitude is what you need.I went to Rampart Buffet twice- looking for an upward change at Spice Market. Twice the money, half the quality. Rampart wasn't bad, especially, especially for the price. Spice Market Buffet I would put on par with Circus Circus (ie cheap crap food). If you set high expectations at Circus Circus, it's your own fault.
1	Ehhhh. Couldn't get a med rare cut of prime rib to save my ass. It was all med-well to well. Gross!
3	Went for brunch and mimosas - This place is sprawling with just about every type of food you could think of, but that's not always a good thing. The food was hit or miss; what was good was great for some, terrible for others in our party. The service was fair, our drinks were never empty (which is always a plus), but our plates tended to stay for quite awhile. As with the usual clientele of PH, there were definitely some frat boy groups who were obnoxious and chanting - and that's coming from a mid-twenties group in Vegas to party.
4	As usual, we arrive somewhere late at night and hit them at near closing. We got here at 10:57 pm and had three minutes to pay and 30 more minutes to get our plates before they packed it up. The couple behind us got turned away and she told them most buffets on the strip were now closed. I think there are a few open 24.My husband and son had been to Vegas last year for a car show and bought the wrist band that gives you access to more food than you need and putting that wrist band on is almost like accepting a challenge to make it pay big, so at least if you lose all your money in the casino, by God you will make it up on that wristband of 'all you can eat'. Challenge accepted. We did learn we could have shown our Harrah's card and gotten the wristbands for $44. We paid $55. Not sure why, but the next morning the woman told us they charge different prices at different times with no explanation, but with the Harrah's club card, its the cheapest. Now we REALLY wanted to make it pay. It is true you get sick of buffet food by the next day. My husband took us here because last time they were here, everyone said this IS the best buffet. Honestly, they really do all taste the same. We had one of the casino workers tell us she loved Harrah's hated Bally's. I was like really why? She said she didn't like walking so far between the stations. We ate at the Paris Buffet for lunch and Harrah's for dinner and a breakfast. Nothing off the charts, but still pretty good selection for the most part.
3	My husband and I got free buffets here with a show. Well the only thing I was impressed about was the crablegs were steamed and hot, unlike the other buffets in Vegas. My husband had a few good items. The cupcakes were awesome though, this is why it got 3 stars instead of 2
4	long wait, decent service - food is great!
3	It's our favorite strip buffet restaurant. Preices went up a while back, but there's some really nice seafood, and other specialties here. It's nicely lit, comfortable, and clean.  Desserts are more limited than some buffets, with their "signature" dessert being a cupcake bar. Honestly, I've enjoyed a couple flavors, and found the others wanting in flavor, and slightly dry.
3	Staying at the Elara time share, I wanted to try a buffet but was lazy, so I just headed for Planet Hollywood and walked through the Miracle Mile Shops.  Upon entering the casino, I looked for the buffet, which was sort of hidden.  It was late dinnertime so there weren't a lot of people but they still had a ton of food.  I immediately went to town and grabbed the "exotic" dishes like kabobs, lambs, etc. and then noticed that you can make your own burger, so I proceeded to request two medium well's with cheese.  I must have eaten around like 4 or 5 platefuls then it was time for dessert.  They had like a cupcake bar.  Tons of cupcakes, and I tried maybe 6 of them.  I recommend this place only if you are nearby and if you're lazy.  Otherwise I should have just gone out and ate somewhere else.
4	We came here on a Tuesday afternoon for celebration lunch! We used the Lunch Groupon AYCE and AYCD for 2 for $36. - Smile! Our picture was taken before we sat. - Common variety: Salad, Mexican, Soup, Mid-Eastern, Asian, American, Italian, Seafood, and Dessert.- AYCD - unlimited Beer and Wine! Champagne Life Neyo! And all the ladies say, uh-huh! - Get the strawberry crumb cupcake. delicious! - They have cotton candy for the kids! haha. - Poor sushi selection. No Crab legs. - Come for the Mexican food, Salad, and American food. - The drinks were most rewarding. Food was average. Not bad for $36 or $18/person for food and drinks! :)
1	We came here on a Sunday for lunch. More than $50 for the two of us because of the "holiday" weekend  (Memorial Day). It was about 3pm, so there were a lot of empty tables. We paid and were told to stand behind two other parties and wait to be seated. A few minutes passed before those people were seated by a woman who never returned, and then we proceeded to wait...and wait....and wait some more. After ten more minutes, a large queue had formed behind us and we were all asking the cashiers where the host was. She said the host was "on her way" but no one ever appeared. A handful of employees and waiters passed the long line of angry customers, and NO ONE seated us. All the employees were looking at each other in confusion, but no one took charge.We were finally seated in a nearly empty dining room by Luis. My husband and I informed him we had been waiting for over 15 minutes to be seated and asked for an explanation. He just kept saying the large open area of seating was "closed" (for no apparent reason) and that they couldn't find Joy, the lady who usually seats people. He nodded along to our complaints and said he would "tell Joy." How about you tell management that Joy is not doing her job?The buffet itself is average. The sushi was bad and so was the "Italian" food. Their only strong suit is the dessert bar--it's full of tons of cupcake flavors, ice cream and cotton candy. I'd never been to Planet Hollywood before, and this is absolutely my last time at their buffet and casino. Don't waste your money on mediocre food and TERRIBLE service.
1	Don't go here. Ever.This was my first dinner outing during my trip to Vegas this May.  I was so highly disappointed.  I had only heard buffets in Vegas are amazing.  This was NOT amazing.  This was disgusting.Of all the food I could not even find one thing to get, I decided making a salad would be my safest bet. Yeah right! The salad bar was a joke, gross lettuce, croutons and dressing. Like no veggies!! I made a pathetic excuse for a salad, and ending up filling up on cupcakes.  Which were nothing to write home about either.  The few I had were super dry.Not only was this buffet gross, it was robbery!!! $70 for the two of us for garbage! Never again, never again. They even try to take your photo upon arrival... can you imagine purchasing one?! No thank you!!!! Don't need a memory of the awfulness that cost us $70
4	Everything you could want from a buffet!
2	I was in Las vegas last week June 3 - 7, 2013 and purchased the Groupon prior to eat lunch at this buffet.  I was excited, but the excitement slowly became disappointment.  There was no line at peak lunch time 12:30pm, this was my first warning sign, but since I already had the Groupon I was dedicated to having my meal there. The Groupon was a good deal especially since it came with the unlimited drinks deal.  The champagne was pretty good, and unlimited coronas was a nice touch, but how much can you drink, drinking lots of beer, wine, and champagne limits how much food you can eat. Now to the food... The food was bland and dry.  The portions the woman was carving at the carving station made me even hungrier, by the fourth time I went to her station I just asked for 4 times the regular amount.  The only decent items at this buffet were the beef from the carving station, the pesto pasta, and the fajitas.  The rest of the food was take a bite and leave the rest type of food.  The desserts were the worst part of all.  They had all these wonderful tempting looking cupcakes, there must have been 25 different flavors all looked good, I tried a bite from four different ones, all were stale and dry.  Such a let down, I highly recommend going elsewhere especially when considering this places regular prices.
2	I pretty much tried everything there was for dinner.  I didn't like anything and I'm not a super picky person.  This place is good to go to if you have a deal, which makes it cheap for a buffet where you can grub on everything for 1 price.  FYI Dinner starts at 3pm, not 330pm as it states on their answering machine service.  We made it known to the cashier and he already knew that the machine is wrong, but yet no one cares to do anything about it.  As for my friend, she only liked the mashed potatoes, the crab legs and steak.
3	For those who is planning on eating at the Spice Market, I have recorded a Full HD Steady tour of the buffet at Planet Hollywood. or type "Full Steady Tour of Planet Hollywood Buffet"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQIVXMqy8kThis Spice Market buffet is located on the lower floor of the Casino. The buffet itself is pretty big with buffet stations going from one end of the buffet to the other end. It's comparable to Rio Buffet, but I would still consider Rio buffet the biggest and the longest.They have a lot of food to choose from, but I do have to say that most of the food didn't taste spectacular. It was alright. Nothing to rave about.The dessert station wasn't that great! Majority are cupcake items. They also have made to order crepe, but the crepe was already cooked. They just have to warm it up.Overall, the service was good, but I would have to say that this buffet has more quantity over quality.TIP: Dine between 2:45 and 3:30 and pay lunch price, so that way you can enjoy dinner food items starting at 3:30. For example, snow crab legs. By the way, the crab legs doesn't taste good. Just alright.As I said in the beginning, if you guys want to see what kind of food they serve at the Spice Market buffet, I have recorded a full Steady walking tour of Planet Hollywood Buffet: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQIVXMqy8k
1	We stood in line almost an hour to pay and be seated - not because there was a super-long line, but because these people don't give a tiny rat's butt about their potential customers.  During this hour, we dealt with a pissy, inconsiderate cashier with one of the most terrible attitudes I've ever encountered (Veronica, honey - you SUCK at customer service).  She stalled people, saying she couldn't check them out, then would send them to another register, only for folks to be turned away & come back.  Upon the hungry masses descending on her again, Veronica suddenly had to count change in her register.  When another lady showed at the next register and desperately starving people crowded around her, she loudly announced, "I'm NOT a cashier."  The service here is simply abhorrent prior to the meal.  Even the seating hostess we had the pleasure (displeasure??) of encountering couldn't deign to mumble a greeting. The actual food was alright. Decent selection but scarce - there were no salad products on the salad bar. Desserts were mostly cupcakes presented in a lovely display, but they were dry and tasteless.  The only positive we encountered was wait staff - the girl who brought us beverages was courteous, attentive, and even smiled on occasion.  Overall, there are far better things to waste your $$$ on in Vegas.
4	My hubby and I tried the 24 hour buffet pass last time we were in Vegas. It made sense for the prices on the strip. The selection was great. I'm a seafood lover so I pretty much pass everything else up. I loved the cocktail shrimp, the steamed crab legs, and the prime rib. My husband seemed to enjoy it too. The 24 hour AYCE pass was a great value. Probably not the best thing for our diet but that's what the gym is for!
2	tip: only good thing going for them is cotton candynot very refined.  use existing items and try to make a new dish is not really creative.  poor fruit selections, no cheesecake.  the stations were rehashed on both ends which is a big let down. lamb kebobs look very tasty but was actually very tough.
1	Definitely will not be coming back here ever again!!!The type of people that come here make the buffet worse than it is!When in line to pay, this rude black lady was talking to me like I didn't speak english. I may be asian, but I definitely know how to speak english. She told us "there is another cashier on the other side" but there were so many people squished together, we did not want to squish through and be squished while paying! So I let her know that we know we have the option, but we would rather not push through the people. I told her that just because we pay sooner and squish, does not mean we will get seated faster because there was already a line backed up for the people waiting to be seated. It was so backed up that the cashier wasn't even calling for us to come over! She was waiting for the hostess to seat people so everyone could be comfortably walking around! Then I hear that the old ass grandpa wanted to cuss me out because of what I said. I was not even rude...I was just letting the lady know. I'm sorry but I think that a 65 year old man cussing out a 19 year old girl is just ridiculous. Completely classless!!Then after we sat down, the seats were dirty with food all over! We had to ask our waiter to clean it off, and all he did was get a towel and brush the food to the floor. When we got our food, mannnn. I wish we hadn't have paid. There was barely any food. I grabbed things that looked good, but after they entered my mouth, they didn't enter again. Basically ended up eating 3 pieces of food and then went straight for the cotton candy because I was done for the night.Another family sat next to us...while walking to their table, you could totally tell the son was drunk. After awhile, we definitely watched him throw up on the table then leave. Needless to say, disgusting. Never again. They do not attract the right people.
5	I don't know what all the nasty reviews are about. I'm giving it 5 stars for food but 3 stars for service. The food was so good I'm willing to deal with the lousy service. I've never been to the buffet at The Rio, which some here said is better, but when I was at this buffet, I was in heaven. As I walked from station to station I just drooled. Then I ate each dish and was blown away. Virtually everything was delicious. They offered Asian, American, seafood, Italian, salad bar, and a dessert bar. I'm certainly forgetting 1 or 2 of them. Never seen that many islands for one buffet of any kind... anywhere.The price is far from a deal ($23-$25); however, it really doesn't cost any more than a good meal would anyway. For about $50, you can get 24 hour access to the buffet down to the minute. So stop by at 2 pm for a late lunch and get 4 meals in without feeling the need to stuff your face each time.The salad bar was not quite as good as it could have been given how much they have of everything else, but certainly not awful as someone else indicated.As far as the service is concerned, you'll see a waitress once to bring your beverages and they'll bus your plates away, but that's about it.Overall it was one of the most amazing culinary experiences ever. Go here!
4	LOVED THIS PLACE! My bf and I came here for brunch in March and got their mimosas. OMG. Their champagne was SOOO GOOD! My bf and I just wanted to buy the bottle but they couldn't do that! They servers were so friendly and nice when they came around and filled our glasses with more champagne as it got empty. Everything was so full of flavor. My bf loved the prime rib. It was tender and juicy. They have a super cute display of desserts. I just wanted to eat everything but my bf and I had the 24 hour deal of AYCE so we never wanted to fully stuff ourselves. We had a taste of everything and liked nearly everything. We were too scared to eat the mid-eastern stuff because we don't normally eat that and the Mexican selection looked sad so we didn't eat that either. Can't wait to go back for more of that champagne!
3	Cotton Candy......... Prime Rib....... Put them together..... well.. i don't recommend you putting them together.. (It does sound good tho) i just wanted to emphasize two things that stuck out when i was there ;) Yet another place to check out while on your gluttony/ sinful vacation in Vegas... Located downstairs of the Planet Hollywood Hotel is a buffet with a lot of spice appeal with Different sections of countries like: American, Middle eastern, Mexican, Asian, etc etc.. Its not as big compared to other buffets i saw but its not bad at all. Lots of flavor, lots to choose from.  U gotta try the steaks and prime rib.. Hella tender and lots of fat content.. ;) The desserts with their cupcakes, ice cream, cakes, cookies and The Cotton Candy was a pretty nice touch as well.. My daughters favorite.
5	This buffet, out of all the ones in Vegas, has the MOST variety and selection in terms of different ethnic cuisines. You get the most bang for your buck here if you value variety. From Middle Eastern to Mexican to Asian to American (yes American like roasted ham for instance) to seafood to vegetarian to superb fresh cooked deserts (well the crepes), it is incredible and delicious! ALL of the hot food is freshly prepared in front of your eyes. This isn't canned or frozen food thawed out and warmed up. You will definitely taste the difference. You can see some of the food I recorded on video on my YouTube channel under the username FunTravelGuyHD. I show mostly deserts with a bunch of meats (I never eat veggies at buffets - they fill me up and aren't worth my dollar - meats are! hehe).I am frugal so I look for value when I shop. I am not cheap. I will spend money but the dollar spent must match the value received and Spice Market provides the best value on the strip for buffets.
4	I found a groupon for $45 dollars online.. dinner buffet for two with unlimited alcohol! Who wouldn't go for that? The staff was very friendly and the server was great about refilling our alcoholic beverages seeing as how we were going through them so quickly. The streamed crab legs with butter we my favorite.. that and some wine I was good to go. The prime rib was delicious as well nice and juicy. I tried some of the pasta as well it was just ok but I wasn't there for that anyways. The main thing was my glass was always full even when they got busy my server was always taking care of me. The place is clean and there's a BIG selection. Look on Groupon to see if you can get the deal we found because originally without it the dinner would have cost us around $110. Check this place out, I will be returning when I come to Vegas. The cupcakes aren't the greatest but what do you expect when they sit out for a while. The crepe I had was pretty delicious though.
1	By far the worst buffet in Vegas on the strip. My friends and I had to kill some time till our room was ready so we decided to just go eat at a buffet that was closest to us. Sadly, this was our destination.When we first walked in we were asked to pose for a photo. You know, the ones they try to sell you half way into your meal. Oh well, we knew we weren't gonna get it, but we posed anyways and proceeded our way down to pay for the buffet. But, wth was taking so long? I swear it took us about a half an hour just to pay for our buffet meals. Excuse me, maybe you should have the people taking photos help you ring up customers into your buffet. We found out later that the place was short staff during that time.. I say it's poor management that can't cut employees from certain duties and place them in areas needed.Once we finally got seated we ventured off our separate ways to get food. Out of the Asian, American, Italian, salads, and soups areas... All were terrible. I can't remember one food item that I went back to get seconds..We left that buffet miserable AND my two friends and my stomachs weren't feeling the best either about a couple of hours later. Go to any other buffet on the strip but this one.
2	First time in Vegas and we totally had to hit a buffet because that's what you DO in Las Vegas! Arrived at Planet Hollywood, wandered aimlessly through the mall, through the smokey casino and down the escalator where we were met with wonderful smells and a horrendous line that consumed a good hour and a half of our time. Was it worth the wait? Was it worth the $106 charge for three people? ... Eh.The prime rib, while divine, was cut thin enough I could see through it. But the flavor notes of just about everything else made up for it... Aside from the cupcakes. The icing, on many of them, is straight up whipped butter and lacking any other flavor aside from "Heart attack". The wait staff seemed disgruntled and when my friend asked for another glass of water, the waitress picked up my husband's yet to be sipped from glass and handed it to her. Talk about lazy and nasty!
3	Came here for their dinner buffet.If you want to skip the lineup, go for dinner before 1730.  Our wait was less than 10 minutes.  As we sat in, the waiting area magically filled up completely.The decor and ambience are decent, but it looks like any other mid-end restaurant down there, right down to the TVs placed at strategic spots showing sports.  Hey, if you can't draw customers in for the breathtaking atmosphere.. can't really blame them though, as this venue is actually in the basement of the building.Yes, the variety in terms of ethnicities is probably among the better buffets in the Harrah's chain, but the food here is mediocre to be honest.  Maybe I was just spoiled as I had hit the Bacchanal (Caesar's) first, followed by Le Village (Paris) before this, but I felt the food was honestly nothing special, especially compared to food back home (Vancouver).  Yes you can get Mexican or Asian here, but overall I found the quality lacking.  The meats were often dry, and several of the dishes were quite bland.Food is food, but if you are crunched for time, I would recommend going elsewhere for a buffet.
3	The food was pretty good for an American buffet. Yes, I say American because even though there were different "countries and styles" they did not feel ethnic enough. Yes I'm that picky ;P. My family got there early on a Saturday around 6-7, the line wasn't too bad then, but later on....ehh. The most interesting and colorful display was the desserts. It had a crapload of cupcakes, cotton candy, ice cream, and those key desserts on separate plates. The cupcakes were the only things I was disappointed in, they have so many! they look so good! But the red velvet didn't taste that great :(If that Groupon did not exist, I don't know if I would be able to eat here and not feel bad for my wallet!
1	RUN AWAY FROM THIS!!!!!!!!!!RUN, DONT WALK!!!!!!I never really write reviews but in this case I made a Yelp account just to write this one because its really that bad. My boyfriend and me went on the Sunday of memorial during lunch, it was 75 bucks and although the food was ok, the service was sooooooo bad. Our sever brought our first drinks and then disappeared, almost an hour later I asked the server on the next table for drink refills and she seemed bothered but did it. And then still didn't get any more service. As we were leaving I asked the second server  what happened to our first one and she said that she was our server and the other server who disappeared were Hmmmmm, why  did she keep that info to herself when I asked her what had happened to our server earlier. WOW, you have a server who pretends to not be your server, unbelievable.I spoke to manager and told him how bad the service was, we have much less at other places and gotten 10 times better service than this, he apologized and asked us to please come back and give them another chance. I should have refused, it wasn't about money it was the whole experience, but I thought maybe they were busy over the holiday so accepted his offer for us to go back. The next time we went on Tuesday around 1pm, this time there was no server to ask what we wanted to drink, just a paper on the table for us to check off what we wanted so we didn't have to wait for the server and go straight to the buffet, she still didn't bring all the drink we checked off, she never came back once to check on us, service is so bad. Run away from this dump, the only thing good about this place is the location, go eat at a regular restaurant and get better service, or go to the Cosmopolitan Wicked Spoon Buffet, its a million times better, a bit more pricier but well worth it.
2	I would definitely check this off the list and not go back. Food was not enjoyable. There were 7 of us and it was our last stop from our 24 hour Vegas buffet pass. None of us finished our food and hardly went back for seconds.
3	I'd say a fair MEH. Came for lunch buffet. Not sure worth it.some hit or miss items. Descend the escalator in PH
1	This place SUCKS!  I'm giving it a star cuz my wife said the seafood was O.K.   Myself, I started off with the Salad.  The regular tossed Iceberg type salad was brown so I chose the Spinach leafs which were the greenest of all greens.  Toppings were o.k. (pretty much the same you see in all salad bars).  I then walked thru all the different culture foods.  Mexican, Asian, Middle Eastern, American and Italian.  I might've missed one.   Tried the Mahi Mahi Taco, Yuuck!  Tried the Kabobs, Yuuck!  tried the Fried Chicken in the bucket So-so!  Popeyes chicken would beat'em hands down!  Buttered Pasta with Marinara sauce Yuuck.  After 3 yuucks and a So-So I just had another Salad and some dessert then got the Hell outta there  as soon as my wife had her fill of steamed crab legs.  Oh yeah!  the sign on the Casino level that says they are serving Split Alaskan King Crabs? BullSheet.  The cook told me they only have it when its in season.  Well I say, put the sign up when they are in season.  Otherwise its snow crab legs.  Oh the service.  So-so too.  You get your first drink then say good bye forever to your server cuz you'll never see them him or her again.  Go to BURGR across the way owned by Gordon Ramsey.  Way better quality of food.  Its a wait but worth it.
1	No more king crab legs. Quality is crap. This is no longer good at all. Eat at the sand which place upstairs
3	A-OKNo real complaints with this buffet.  Paid about half price with a groupon and didn't leave hungry.  Food was pretty standard Vegas Buffet fare.... crab legs, prime rib, Asian, Mexican, Italian.  Nothing really stood out but the unlimited drinks were never empty.  While I don't go to buffets for the ambiance this place was lacking.  Kind of a basement like funk with low lights and some random movie posters here and there.  If you are going to go for a theme at least go over the top like the Paris buffet.
3	Are you staying at this hotel? Did you buy the Buffet of Buffets pass?Are you a huge Dune nerd who loves anything called Spice?If you answered "no" to these three questions, then move along. There is nothing to see here. It is a very standard, very boring, very unexceptional buffet. There is no possible reason you should choose this buffet over the dozens of other options in Vegas. It's 2 Stars.Add an extra star if you are staying at the hotel, because hey, it's close.Add an extra star if you bought the buffet of buffets pass and you've already eaten at Le Village over at Paris and both buffets over at Rio and the one at Harrah's is just too far to walk right now and besides you already paid for it so it doesn't cost you any extra so you may as well eat here anyway because your pass runs out in a couple hours.Add an extra star if you are the type of person who randomly screams "Muad'Dib!!!!" any time you happen across the word "Spice".For me, it was 3 stars. I will let you guess as to why.
1	Save your money. Terrible food and then they'll over charge your credit card.
2	The problem with this buffet (when I ate there) is that fact that it wasn't busy enough to have the food be replenished. My wife and I attended at roughly 5:30 in the evening so im assuming it was before the dinner rush.     As a result of this, the majority of the food was either warm or cold. For some reason the heat lamps are not keeping the food hot. The food is also just plain low quality. There was a prime rib that came out fresh and hot and after I spent 10 seconds convincing the server that I wanted a piece of it, I finally got to try it. It was overcooked and tough.    Food sits out for too long, pasta becomes mushy, meats dry out, the seafood is flavorless and the whole place is overpriced at about $31.00 a plate. We had a cup of orange juice that tasted like soap; we believed the cup didn't get properly rinsed.     The sushi was also very disappointing; you know there's a problem when the placard simply says "Assorted Sushi". Your better off eating at the buffet in Ceasers palace for lunch for roughly the same price. I've had dinner at Golden Corral for 12.99 that was overall better than this.
2	You know that one all-you-can-eat dining hall on your undergraduate college campus? That's where I felt like I was when I stepped foot into the spice market.I spent most of my time chowing down on the crab legs to get the best bang for my buck, and succeeded with crushing atleast 3 full plates of them, but  I also tried to stuff myself with some of the other buffet offerings. The crab legs themselves were pretty good, but I've had better. Nothing else I tried was really all that great. The baked desserts were dry, the soups were overly salty, and the other foods did not taste very fresh.Priced at $35/pp my first Vegas buffet experience was pretty disappointing, and I was expecting so much more... but no worries, it's definitely not my last. At least they had a mexican bar where I could make my own guac and chips? I love me some guac.
3	I came for a late lunch at 2:30. I paid the lunch buffet price and got the dinner food since they roll over to dinner at 3:30. Awesome!
3	I actually like this place. It's a buffet but it isn't rink a dink like a sister property a few resorts down.  I honestly was pleased with everything I ate. Lot's to choose from.  They had Mediterranean, mexican, italian, chinese and american.  (from what I remember).   I mean you can't expect the ribs to be smoked for 12 hours and made with an amazing rub...  it's not a rib place.  It's decent ribs prepared in a manner that's cost effective. As for the rest of the food.  It's good.  It's not the best stuff on earth but it's good.The one area I wasn't too crazy about was their chinese food. I really enjoyed their dessert section: too much to choose from.I left uncomfortably stuffed!!What made this extra sweet was the groupon deal I got. It saved me alot of money and included alcohol.  pretty awesome.My big and only gripe was the way in which you are sat.  It's like...  torture almost.  You stand there in line...  pay for your buffet... then stand some more while the hostess seats you.  The place wasn't that packed either so it blew my mind at how long it took for us to be seated.  Thats the only reason I can't give a 4 star experience.
4	I love this place! Maybe it was the day I went on... It's comparable to the Rio buffet. They have many selections and it's always filled. I love it! You definitely get the most bang for your buck!To sum it up: cheaper, lots of variety, lots of types of ethnic foods, lots of desserts, always filled.If you plan on eating dinner, come a little earlier to avoid the lines.
1	Horrible. Few choices and food tastes bad. Not your money worth and don't waste your time here. Service was terrible as well.
4	With the groupon for 2/$45 with unlimited drinks (alcohol included), it was a fantastic way to say adios to Las Vegas. The food was fresh and hot and didn't look like it was sitting around for too long. Everything was pretty good quality, but I guess this might be because I made it to dinner just as it started. It's not comparable to the higher class buffets in Vegas, but for it's price range, I wouldn't expect it to be. The one complaint I had was the dessert station was all cupcakes. I wish there was more variety in the types of dessert offered (I can only eat so much cream cheese frosting, guys.). Overall, for less than $25 a person (with groupon), this expanded and better tasting Hometown Buffet is a great way to fill up one last time before passing out on the airplane.
3	The main reason I decided to try out the Spice Market Buffet was because there was a Groupon with a great deal. For $45 my boyfriend and I could eat at the buffet AND get unlimited drinks (alcohol included, OH YEAH!). Since our stomachs were empty and the deal was the right price, we decided to go for it. Upon arriving, we had to wait in line for about 25 minutes or so. It was about standard for any Vegas buffet. While in line, our mouths were watering as we read the different summer time options they had on the board.Sadly, this place proved to be like majority of the buffets I decide to try on the strip that are not Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon. The food selection was decent, but half of it just did not look appealing. The kabobs looked a little charred and burnt, the pasta had an off taste to it..it just wasn't what I was expecting.The only thing saving and adding an extra star to this place would have to be the crab legs. The crab legs they have contain a lot more meat then the crab legs at other places. By the end of the night, I was content with just eating those.Would I come here again? Probably not, unless I was craving nothing but crab. In my opinion, save your money and go somewhere better.
3	I bought the groupon for this buffet and after eating here I can honestly say I'm glad we didn't pay full price.  It was very busy for a Tuesday night (we waiting in the line for the register for almost an hour, then in the line to be seated for another 20 minutes or so).  The food was pretty standard for a regular buffet, not one of the really high quality Vegas buffets.  I was a little disappointed.  The counters were dirty (not surprising since there were so many people there) and the food was a little scarce too.An ok deal if you get the groupon and have the time to wait.
4	I love this buffet for dinner, but getting in can be a pain. The front desk representatives are insanely slow in getting people in. The service was good. We will definitely return someday.
3	My husband bought a Groupon for $45, which included 2 buffets and unlimited drinks. It took us about an hour to finally get seated. This was disappointing as we watched patrons leave with the tables getting cleared after 10-15 minutes. I would think they would be rushed to get people in as we crowded the entire lower level and registers... Everything we smoothly after getting seated. Our waitress took our drink order and brought them out promptly. The buffet was set up nicely; they have stations that serve different types of food, like most buffets. I liked everything I tried, which is rare for me. The food was of decent quality and I didn't feel like I was eating cafeteria food. They had varieties of Mexican, Middle Eastern, Italian, All-American, and Seafood stations, as well as salads and desserts. I would recommend trying the Mexican food; it was my favorite station. The desserts were great also, my favorites beings the Boston cream cupcake and the bread pudding. However, while they had a lot of cupcake flavors to try, that was pretty much all they had, lacking in overall dessert variety. For the price we paid, I thought it was worth it and would come again. I recommend getting in a little early for dinner to avoid waiting in the long line.
3	It's not my favorite buffet when I'm here in Vegas but if it's free I'll go.
3	Nice dessert, love the ham, seafood area is disappointing, about 15 mins to start your food including line up to pay, get to seat, not bad for Tuesday lunch.
5	My husband , myself and daughter eat out quite a bit. My husband being a chef and buffet lover.Me I am a vegetarian and quite skeptical and picky  of buffets and have been disappointed by quite a few on the strip.That was until I ate at Planet Hollywood.Not only was the Moroccan vegetables awesome ( with fresh pita bread ) but the gourmet Mac an cheese amazing.The apricot spread and cheese spread was amazing as well as the fresh fruit.( not dry at all )The cupcake section was awesome , as the cheesecake bites where the most delicious , moist , melt in your mouth I have EVER had. I got hooked on the cotton candy.All the food looked fresh..  ( even the egg rolls melted in my mouth .. NOT DRY AT ALL)( my husband and daughter said they where impressed as well)Our server was polite and checked on us quite a few times. And I saw staff both sweeping the floors , and busers busy bussing  tables. Something both unusual.( people working hard ).The noise level was perfect , not loud not quiet.The price was $25 a person. But you GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.My one suggestion , go during the week about 1ish. There was NO LINE.Out of 10 star's , 10 being the best and 0 being the worst I would give it a 10.
4	Groupon of 2 for $45 which is why the line took an hour and an additonal 15 to get seated. This left us 1.5 hours of eating buffet. I started at the Mediteranean and would have been fine just eating there. Fresh hummus, pita bread and thee most delicious kebabs I have had. Then I went to the seafood, had a pot of soup, crab legs (which were very meaty), shrimp and lobster mac. I proceeded to the asian section and had fried dumplings with spicy sauce and one egg roll. I polished off the night with some relatively dry cupcakes BUT the best was the crepes. Made to order, yummy and light.
4	I can't give this place 5 stars, because they don't do anything really well, but everything was good, and we really liked the set up with the separate international food stations.Maybe instead of trying to offer everything done good, they should offer fewer items, done awesome?The cupcake bar was fun with exotic sounding cupcakes, but the cupcakes were very ordinary.The sushi - mediocre (after 2 bites, I didn't want any more).  Too bad Yelp doesn't have 3 1/5 star option.
2	Food is pretty mediocre and service is lacking; seems undermanned so really not all their fault. Get groupons if you can. The food is comparable to Hometown Buffet. Better buffets downtown for less. We ate here before driving home. It was convenient since we stayed at the Elara. Spend a few extra bucks and go to Cesar's Palace or the Cosmopolitan.
2	The selection was big but the quality of the food reminded me of a cafeteria. My cousin and I agreed that the food tasted as if it was sitting out for a while. The dessert section was an over load of cupcakes that were way too sweet. We would of been happier if there was a variety of sweets.
5	Best buffet in Vegas, hands down. Great seafood selection and amazing desserts!! I will definitely be back.
2	Came by to satisfy our stomachs the morning after a night of clubbing with our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets wristbands.The line was short when we arrived, and the restaurant was barely 50% full.The selection was overwhelming, with Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Seafood options.The food was left much to be desired. The curry chicken was dry and flavorless. The fried codfish and the tempura shrimp were overfried. Egg rolls were okay, but I've had much better.Le Village Buffet at the Paris is much better without going to the ones with an additional surcharge, if you have the Buffet of Buffets wristbands.
1	Extremely slow service as you wait in line to pay.  They only had 1 cashier and it was taking a long time to complete the customers payment.    We were 4th in line and we waited for 30-45 min until it was our turn to pay.  Food was okay.  I like how everything was easily labeled "seafood" "mexican" "salad" etc.  The best part was the cotton candy!
5	YUM. best buffet that was free on the B.o.Bs.  Very good crab legs, steamed and cut in half for ease.  Prime rib was cooked to medium rare (but maybe its not prime, kinda tough and a little bland.  Just use the au-jus).Lots of selection around.  Mediterranean ranks next to seafood and american.  Chinese is whatever, so is mexican and salad.
5	The BEST buffet I have ever been to!!!! The choice of food is great anytime you come- breakfast, lunch or dinner, the food was just amazing! Its a must-to-go place if you in Vegas!!! strongly recommend!
3	This was our first meal as a married couple so wanted something close to the room for well...ya know lol...anyway...it was noon when we arrived and much to our suprise the food was a little cold so notified staff...after getting back home I decided to call the SMB to let them know of my experience...they apologized and offered a comp meal for me an my new husband for when we come back...I thought that was very nice.
2	Glad this was a freebie, because it had the same food as all the other buffets (I.e.; cafeteria food)...very blah.  Las Vegas is no longer the king of buffets. Don't waste your $$ on this one.  Find a nice restaurant off the strip & get your money's worth.
2	This was the 2nd of our buffets on our 24 hour pass.  We got there about 4pm.  Place was super dead on Monday, and now I know why.  I also know why I hadn't been there before, and probably won't be back.First, it's in a basement, and feels like it.  Very dark and not very inviting.  They had a lot of food, but nothing super special, except the crap legs.  The deserts are mainly cupcakes.  Lot of the them.  Different flavors.  They were labeled.  Cupcakes everywhere.  OK, they did have some cookies and soft serve ice cream, but every Chinese buffet has that.  The service was extremely lacking.  They lost our receipt so had to ask for our drink order again and then it took awhile for it to arrive.  They weren't paying attention to us so I never received a refill on my Diet Coke until I was ready to leave, even after trying to flag someone down.  Again, they weren't that busy so not sure what the problem was.  The biggest thing for me though was still the environment.  It just didn't contribute to a pleasant dining experience.
1	So disappointed.  Bought a groupon and they said extra $10 when we got there!!!  It doesn't say that on the groupon and I will contact them!
2	Very much disappointed for a five star hotel to serve such a crappy food and for the price they charge.  Nothing special woth regards to the quality of the food and the variety of the food.  Will never  recommend this place and will never go back.  The only plus side is our waiter was a totally nice guy and the dessert is also fine.
2	The Good:Great serviceWonderful dessertsCleanThe Bad:Everything Else
4	I'm not really pleased by buffets mostly because I control what and how much I eat. That being said my in-laws decided to eat at a buffet on New Year's Eve. I said what the heck why not let them enjoy because after all it is New Years Eve. I went in with an open mind and left with an opened mind. The line was not long, the staff was pleasant and of course there was plenty of food to choose from. It was and international buffet.   I was pleased as would recommend coming here.
1	Never again!  We had our choice of restaurants and chose this one over 5 others in the Miracle Mile Mall.  Horrible food.  We were sat down right away and then went for our food.  I could not finish one item and tried many.  We wanted to order drinks, but our server must have finished his shift and never saw him again.  Our plates and the plates of other customers piled up and nobody was clearing.  Again, the food was really bad.  Save you money and go somewhere else.  I would not eat here again, even if it was free which it was this time.
2	Not impressed.  Variety of food was good. The quality; not so much. Desserts were tasty. Not worth the expense.  We were charged $5 extra per person for being a group of 12....although our server was gone most of the time.  A good steak house would have been a better deal.
1	I have no reason to give it any stars, except that it did have food, and I did get full, albeit sickeningly nasty unhealthy food full.It wasn't good. It did have variety, but everything looked and tasted cheap, crappy, and only a little warm.If you're paying, I wouldn't recommend for anything.If you somehow got free tickets or comped for this buffet, head to the cheeses and meats (can't go wrong) and some good bread.Other than that, ummm, I didn't like anything at all.My boyfriend couldn't find a single thing to eat that was good. All around thumbs down!
2	If you're even able to locate the dungeon where this buffet is located you may get to go down and enjoy their less then mediocre food. I'd say wait maybe 20 minutes before you get food, you don't want to choke on the dry food and your waitress won't be around with a drink until then. Their salad bar was equipped with only the very basics and had nothing special. I could see my reflection in the grease sitting on top of the pizza. And for dessert you either can have cupcakes or cupcakes. Over all very unpleased and you're honestly  doing yourself an injustice by picking this buffet over any other ones on the strip.
2	I went here for dinner and it was a huge disappointment. It was mostly fried food and not too much to rave about. The middle eastern section did have a good lamb dish but honestly, I would not go again. They had snow crab legs but nothing except the middle east section was memorable. The whole place had mostly fried food. The desserts were also very mediocre. I should have done a lap around beforehand. You are also in the basement of the hotel, not casino level or up a flight.
4	I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about.  The wait wasn't that long (probably 15 minutes) and we went a little before 6pm.  We ended up filling up on plates and plates of steamed snow crab legs and shrimp cocktails.  the steamed ones were so much better than the cold ones.Then I had enough room for a sliver of prime rib and candied sweet potato.  YUM.  We finally finished off the meal with a taste of 4 different cupcakes and a fruit tart.  I could have lost control and eaten it ALL.I agree that there were plates of things that just didn't make sense on why they were at a buffet (mashed potatos?  pasta?  corn muffins?) Why would you fill up on that nonsense?!  Their kabobs looked good, too but we just had no room in our bellies anymore.It's worth it if you get the groupon deal and pay $45 for 2 people.
2	What the hell happened to this place? Back in the days this place was so good. Voted best buffet in 2007. I guess after Planet Hollywood took over they could care less about the buffet. Our server forgot about us for a good 20 minutes.Same menu as before, crab legs, Chinese food, roast beef, chicken, lamb, beef kabob, pasta, pizza. Dessert is a joke now. Bunch of cupcakes and pre-made crepes. Pay a bit more and go across the street to Wicked Spoon and get your grub on!
5	We dined here Monday September 9 for dinner & all you can drink using a groupon. As far as strip buffets go this one is a keeper! The staff is friendly & service is attentive. We opted for champagne & glasses were kept full. The space is large but cozy with no overpowering lighting & the food selections are amazing. I wish we could have sampled more but it is wise not to overindulge at a buffet though this one is surely tempting. The selection of pre split crab clusters both hot & cold is a highlight. I prefer the cold as the heated can be a little dry. However if you like it hot the Asian section has some spicy hot crab (not pre-split) that is out of this world. Another highlight is the shrimp tempura which is done just right & delicious. Desserts excellent as well if you have room but maybe addition of some premium ice cream or gellato would be a plus. Generally do not like background music but the version here is less annoying than usual. Highly recommended
1	Only good thing I can say about this place is the food was hot. Service sucks they don't pick up your plates or refill your drinks. Food was so-so. Defiantly NOT WORTH how expensive it is!!!
3	I don't know what happened- this used to be a pretty good buffet, but this time around it was obvious that it was lacking in quality. Mediocre choices and food. 3 stars because with the groupon it was still a good deal and still got really full, but unfortunately I'll probably be skipping this one from now on.
4	We use the Spice Market Buffet sometimes for breakfast as we stay right across the street. On this occasion we were using the Buffet of Buffets pass and I didn't look to see how much Monday morning breakfast was, but what we like about Planet Hollywood's buffet is they have a nice breakfast selection.  I was on some crazy fresh fruit tear that morning, so I got lots of yummy fruit from berries to pineapple to cantaloupe.  I also dug into the oatmeal and there were all kinds of great toppings: craisins, almonds, granola, etc.  My husband had an Egg McMuffin on cheddar cheese steroids and said it was awesome.  And of course, we munched through the usual eggs and sausage and bacon items.  They have a nice bread bar with french toast, pancakes, and waffles with a selection of syrup and toppings as well as donuts.  I passed on my usual biscuits and gravy, but it was there and so were bagels with toppings like lox, tomatoes, cream cheese, etc. and a toast selection.  IN other words, Great breakfast selections.  Good food and good service.  I like that the bathroom is at the same location so you don't have to go traipsing all over the casino to find it.  We like it.  We'll probably be back.I did have one previous experience there at dinner and on that occasion the food was okay, but it didn't give me an urge to return for dinner.
3	This one is our fav of the buffet of buffets. It's got a lot of food and easy to reach especially when we stay at Planet Hollywood too. The servers are fast and nice.
5	Eating at this diverse brunch buffet on Sunday around 12:30pm could not have been a better experience!  We waited in line less than 5 minutes, was immediately seated after payment was received, and a server was there to take drink orders right away.  The variety of food was excellent and they had some of the best steak cuts, pork, and lamb that I have ever had.  Not a single part of the buffet was low on any given item.  The server was very friendly and very quick to remove empty plates and refill drinks.
2	Wish I'd spent the extra and gone to Caesars instead. Was either tasteless or too salty and just seemed cheap?!The service was horrendous too. Didn't get a smile from a member of staff once, certainly didn't deserve a tip.Only good thing was the crab.  I wouldn't bother - spend the extra and get something memorable
2	Came here for breakfast on the final leg of our Buffet of Buffets marathon. Wow. If I had paid for this place, I would have been pissed. Service was excellent. I adored our server. She asked if we wanted a to-go cup of coffee. No one has ever offered that!The juice was clearly from concentrate. The Mexican and Salad sections were closed. What? No Mexican breakfast? Those are the best dishes! Middle Eastern included bagels and lox. This was probably my favorite section. I forced fed myself lox with capers to get my money's worth. I liked the mozzarella and tomato salad, but it was something I could find at a supermarket deli. Dessert section looked like it was filled with mini packaged pastries. I selected a chocolate croissant, but it was flaky and dry, so I skipped it. On to the American section. There were 2 types of benedicts. They looked good, but I think they became overcooked from the heat lamp. The country style potatoes were good and surprisingly still crispy. I did however, find these potatoes repeated 2 more times. It also seemed like these were the seasoned potatoes you find in the freezer aisle. There was an omelet station, that I skipped. And I think a crepe station in the Dessert section. Stopped in the Asian section to get a squirt of sriracha. I stopped off for a cheese blintz, but never ate it. It was pretty burnt and didn't have much filling. The section also included French toast and pancakes?There was a nice oatmeal/cream of wheat section. Then, a fresh fruit section where you could construct your own parfait. 2 yogurt flavors, shredded coconut and granola? 2 smoothie options. They were really plain. I think one was banana, the other, strawberry. The final section included spinach and cheese egg scramble, but I didn't see any cheese or spinach. There were potato pancakes. And a turkey hash which had fingerling potatoes (yum) and roasted peppers. I took the time to dig out the pepper and fingerlings. This was one of the only things that didn't seem pre-made. And it was pretty good.  I looked through the photos for lunch and dinner and they all look like a completely different restaurant! I don't know, guess they dropped the ball for breakfast. Kind of a shame for people like me who love breakfast.
5	Here on a Sunday bunch! Not only are the food choices fantastic, but the service is as well! Yelena, our server, was beyond accommodating and awesome! As as frequent Vegas attendee, I would highly recommend this place! :) Two thumbs up!
1	Voted #1 Buffet for 6 years and it was in the hotel we were at for a conference. Why not? My husband and I don't normally like buffets but we decided to give it a shot. For the some 30 dollars a person it should've been amazing, but it was horrible. I don't think either of us found anything we liked at all except for the desert. The food was beyond bland. The voters who rated it number one must have been the elderly who hate seasoning!
1	We ate here the other night on free passes given to us for the last time we ate here and it was horrible. Food was poor quality and our server never stopped by after bringing us our beverages. With all the buffet options in Vegas this one should be off your list. Honestly had we paid this time I would've requested a refund.
1	Shoulda, woulda, coulda gone elsewhere; this place needs a negative star option.  Bought the GroupOn and thought I was saving us some $$$ in our honeymoon, turned out to be a waste. Food was lacking in flavor, moisture, you name it. Even the crab legs were a disappointment! Spend your money elsewhere ;-)
2	We came here for lunch with our groupon deal, and i wish i never had bought it to begin with since we only had a limited time on our vacation,  It seemed like a good deal at the time, but if you can find the groupon for the buffet in paris, then that would be worth the time and money. There were different types of food, but nothing really memorable to talk about. Skip this place if you can!
1	If I could give it NO STARS I would! Waste of all my dollars. Luckily I bought through Groupon for a low price. The line was long which fooled us and made me think it was going to be good. All the food was freezing cold from the soup to the "steamed" crab to the stuffed sole. Shouldn't there be some steam coming off of my "steamed" crab? Where is the Health Department to stick a temperature gauge in their food???? I won't be surprised if I wake up tomorrow sick as a dog from trying the food here. Robert Irvin need to come here and do a remix to Restaurant Impossible and have this place on Buffet Impossible! The steak fajita meat was mushy and the pizza dough was raw. Their food tasted like it came from a can. This was equal to elementary cafeteria food. All of the food was either bland or entirely too sweet. PLEASE WHATEVER YOU DO...DO NOT EAT HERE. Planet Hollywood should be ashamed of themselves delivering such sub par food. This by far was the worst food experience ever! YUCK!!!!!!!
4	Haven't eaten yet, been waiting in line for 1/2 hour with pre-paid ticket in hand. Yes, you read that correctly. Told to wait in line while the rest of our party is already seated and eating. I'm simply not this hungry. If someone else hadn't already paid, I'd be heading home. The snippy little beyatch at the counter couldn't even pretend to be nice when we asked why we have to continue to wait in line, even though we're paid. The line has not moved an inch the entire time I've been writing this - there is one, single person at the desk.Update: once you get past the ineffective, crabby folks at the front and wait through the ridiculous long lines, the service INSIDE is incredible. Try the lamb. Ask to sit in Yelena's section. She gave our party of 7 the best service I've experienced outside of a 5-star restaurant. She and the cracked crab legs saved them from a two-star rating, because the cashiers aren't doing them any favors.
4	I was surprised at how low the ratings are for this place. I came here one for breakfast in 2010 and fell in love so I had to come back this time. Breakfast was amazing. I loved everything, except french toast and pancakes but everything else was great. I left so full that I took a 4 hour long nap. I went there for dinner  3 nights later and it was good but not as great as breakfast. I give breakfast a 5 and dinner a 3.5. The crab legs were cold which made me sad. The steak for dinner and breakfast though were excellent. I ate so much breakfast steak. Breakfast was $22 and dinner was $36.
3	We showed up here exactly when they opened for lunch at 3pm on a Saturday.  There was about a 20 minute wait. Excellent: crab salad, prime rib, asparagus,  veggie egg roll, mint chocolate cupcake with chocolate ganache filling, chocolate mousse with some kind of apple topping and whipped cream. I would definitely come back for these items. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. There were probably 10 or 12 cupcake flavors like red velvet, s' mores, and oreo--perfect if you have always wanted to try all those crazy flavors from Cupcake Wars. We noticed one customer was upset that there was no cake...I think they just needed some guidance.I tried several more additional food items and they were fine, but really not remarkable. The other people I was with had the unlimited beer and wine. Beer ranged from Miller to Corona and Sam Adams. Comments on the wine were not so favorable.
2	I have eaten here twice. The first time was because my family wanted to eat here and I was too drunk to walk anywhere else (we were staying at the Planet Hollywood). The second time is because we want to eat crab legs and this place offer crab leg at the best deal we found (Groupon).All I went for was the crab leg and dessert, oh, and the unlimited mimosa (include in the Groupon deal). Everything was meh.....Except for the service. The services was....horrible. Everyone was tired and rude (and it was only 6:30PM when I ate there) from cashiers, to host, to waiters.They sat us own without silverware. Even though that did not stop us from eatting crab legs with our hand, I still pissed. I am a lady and would like to use my utensil in public.There was a group of 8 people in front of us in line. So apparently, they will ask for  additional $20 to sit a party of 6 (either 6 or 8) or more together, please beware of this silly policy.The food was basic Vegas: steak, salad, crab legs, cupcakes for dessert, etc. Everything was doable. Just the service drops it down to the below average.
3	We had the breakfast buffet during our midweek stay at PH. There was no line to get in, and it wasn't very crowded. There was plenty of good quality food. It is a big room, so the buffet is spread out. (But food is grouped .... fruit here, cereals there, pancakes/waffles, etc.) So my husband totally missed the fruit section, where they have the smoothies. And, he missed the hostess's instructions that a server would be around to bring drinks. So when he saw the fridge full of alcohol and water bottles he thought that was it and innocently tried to grab a bottle of water. He was immediately scolded and embarrassed by a manager who came shooting across the room to announce there would be a charge for the water. Use more tact here, he's not a criminal.  As far as buffets go, this is your average run of the mill one. Nothing to warn you about, nor really praise. Oh... The music level is a little loud. But we experienced that a lot in Vegas. Weird.
2	Beyond disappointed with this buffet. As previous reviewers mentioned at 11am most of the food it dry and flavorless. In addition to getting terrible service, their food also made me sick for a few days. I'm really not sure what people are thinking when they give this place anything more than 2 stars. Do yourself a favor and consider other buffets in the area.
3	I want to give Spice Market 3.5 stars, unfortunately yelp does not let me.If you want to get a solid dinner, this is great deal with a Groupon and you probably won't find anything comparable for the price in Vegas. The buffet was solid, mediterranean station in particular. Several lamb dishes where great, however the leg of lamb was just not prepared well. The selection is excellent, but only some of the dishes on the buffet are truly good. Crab salad was phenomenal btw.Don't expect this to be comparable to Wynn, Bellagio, Ceasar's Palace or Paris buffets, but it gives a solid rival to Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay. There is crab legs and they are cracked, which makes it nice and easy.
4	As of today, this is my favorite Vegas buffet.  We got the deal from Groupon; it was 50% off and since we were staying at Planet Hollywood it was worth the purchase.  I had the shrimp tempura, sliders, chorizo beans, carne asada, glazed chicken wings. All of these were delicious.  I know steamed rice is a simple item, but this is the best steamed rice I have ever had.  They are individually packed in a small Chinese to go box. Smells great and tastes great too.  Their chicken & biscuit in a basket looked cute, but the biscuit was hard and dry. The chicken was juicy, tender and fresh. For dessert I had the apple crepe, which is made to order.  The crepe itself is pre-made, but the chef put butter in the pan and warmed up the crepe and put apples in it.  The whipped cream was delicious too.  I also had the Baklava, which was excellent.
3	Came here for dinner to start off my Buffet of Buffets gluttony fest since this buffet opens that latest. No line at 930pm. They are open till 11pm and dinner is $30. It wasn't as good as I remembered it to be. I've eaten here many times before... but years ago. They have crab legs for dinner... but it's cold. However, later I saw people asking for it steamed, so I guess you can get it warmed up as well. The prime rib here was good - tender and juicy. The variety of food is not as vast... but food is not bad.  I guess many places are copying Wicked Spoon and doing small individual portions because they had some items served like that here. The fried rice, fried chicken, and shrimp cocktail I got were in individual servings. I thought the fried rice was pretty good and that the Asian selections did taste "Asian" lol. They had Asian chicken wings... and they did taste like how I marinade them at home. The BBQ pork buns were quite good as well but very soft! The bun falls apart very easily! The fried chicken was also juicy and tasty. I was not too big on the desserts here... but they do have a large selection of cupcakes! However, the cupcakes are typical size cupcakes, so it makes it harder to try more flavors. I like mini-cupcakes because you can try more. I also got a crepe, but the crepe itself is pre-made. They warm it up and fill it with whatever you want. if you want good FRESH made crepes, the Paris buffet is the way to go. I would eat here again if I was doing the buffet of buffets deal... but probably not if I was paying full price for the buffet itself. Even though dinner is over at 11pm, I believe you can still eat till 1130 or so... at least that's what I heard the guys saying at the table next to me. They came in at 1045pm.
1	STAY AWAY STAY AWAY if you want to escape the fate of terrible service and even more horrible food. This is the absolute WORST buffet that I have ever been to. Jayme N. and I were on a mission to munch it up so we could have tons of energy for the EDC adventures we were about to embark upon the following day. However, we should have immediately bounced from this place when it literally took 30 minutes to be seated, because the staff was just twiddling their thumbs instead of ringing up customers and seating them. Already epic fail on customer service.As for the food, the selections were mediocre at best and the quality was atrocious. I wouldn't even feed this crap to my dog. To make matters worst all three of us got hardcore food poisoning which totally ruined our first day in Vegas. If you want to experience a Vegas style buffet, go to ANY other place than this pathetic excuse of an eating establishment.
5	Absolutely awesome!  There was something for all 5 or the picky eaters in my family :-)
3	The food they had was average enough on this Thanksgiving day trip.  We arrived around 1045 for the 11-11 special buffet, expecting a line.  Surprisingly there was no line and we were allowed to be seated paying only the breakfast buffet price.  This was the saving grace considering that we learned shortly thereafter that despite the ad for this special buffet clearly stating the inclusion of crab legs, they did not inform anyone that this menu item wasn't served until 3pm.  Anyone unfortunate enough to arrive at say 1130 wouldn't get that option but would pay the exact same price as those who arrived later in the day.  Seems like a stipulation that should be stated in any ad as crab was the big draw for us on this trip.
2	I am glad a bought a Groupon before coming here as it is just OK.  The service when you arrive is below average for a Las Vegas buffet.  They do not do a good job of seating their patrons and they also have poor service.  We got the unlimited drinks with our meal, but in all reality we couldn't have more than two beverages as our server was nowhere to be found.The food was very mediocre.  I thought the seafood was the best area of the buffet.  They had some tasty options.  The rest of the food seemed old and bland.  I would try other places before coming here.
2	I love Vegas Buffets. LOVE THEM. Here are some quick tips:1. The Spice Market Buffet is located in Planet Hollywood, in the middle of their casino floor, and down an escalator.2. There are any choices for food, but the idea is to feature the world as a smorgasbord.I remember heading down the escalator to the Spice Market, while thinking to myself, what the hell why is there a buffet underground? Anyways, I digress, the food here is pretty sub-par. There are many better destinations to choose, and the crowd here sort of shows it.The one thing that I can say about their food is forgettable. I don't even recall a single item that I really liked. The crab legs that they have at the place were decent. For some reason, they don't feel as fresh as the crab legs at even the Bay Buffet or even stack  up to the Bacchanal Buffet.The other thing that I noticed is that the food from different parts of the world seemed to vary in quality. Either they were decent representations or they were horrible misrepresentations. As a controlled test, I try the Asian themed stations at every buffet to see what they get right. Here, I think everything that they put out didn't even stack up well to everything else.The Spice Market Buffet is just as expensive as the Bay Buffet or even other places along the strip. I guess for the value it isn't that bad, but the idea here is pretty much more options, less quality.
2	Unfriendly staff,  food less than average, tables dirty despite just being bussed and the bussers seem lost as you watch them try and clear tables.  For a day that was not especially busy I expected better and the price they charge I really expected better quality food.  We won't be returning here.
5	FUCK YES!!! SO GOOD... My GF & I had everything possible.. even the secret cotton candy which I loved bc it was Grape flavored.. and yes im part blk ^__^
4	One of the best buffet on the strip for the money that you paid for,  good selection of foods.  I love their service when your platinum guest
1	As you can see, I do not give many low reviews on Yelp. I have also experienced many other Vegas Buffets as well as other buffets in cities all over including on cruise ships.  Hands down, this is the worst buffet I ever had.  Sorry!!!!I came here on a Saturday evening. I visited here about 6 years ago, and I recall it being very good; however, something has changed.It is on the lower level below the casino.  The dining room is rather dark and dingy.  The one good thing I did notice is that it was very busy; however, the host, hostess, and management were very diligent about getting people seated quickly.The foods are broken up into stations by region, country or cuisine.  Frankly, the food looked uninspiring and the Asian station looked absolutely horrible -- I didn't even want to pull anything from that area.  The taste of nearly everything I had was rather bland and just didn't have much flavor.  The beverage service was pretty good.I will definitely not return to this buffet, unless the ratings dramatically improve.
2	The food is pretty decent here but the employees are what makes the place suck.  Mona was the cashier and was rude and arguementative. Marjorie was the seater and was nice and pleasant. Genet was our server. I only got her name because I read it off her nametag. She only said on thing to us and that was to ask which wine we wanted because Marjorie didn't mind if we had one. She coulda said it better and without attitude. The busser took our plates and we were never offered for our drinks to be refilled.  This is becoming a buffet that I may plan on skipping in future trips.
2	For someone who wants good quality and freshly made dishes,  avoid this place!   It was a waste of money and I had to nit-pick my food because all the items looked like they were sitting there food the past 6-10+ hours.   I had taken my family there for dinner and I cannot find food that's fresh to eat - I literally had to force myself to eat something.  The fruit selection of honeydew, cantaloupes,  and pineapples were the best part.  Their sushi rolls (only 3 kinds) looked like it belongs in the trash.   The Mexican dishes with the Pico de gallo looked so old!   Barf!  Asian food included bbq wings.   Save money and go somewhere else.
2	i know i got off pretty cheap here... $37 Groupon for 2 people, lunch. but, it still wasn't even worth that price. i tried really hard to find something i liked about this place. unfortunately, only thing i found was ok service, but, that didn't make up for the lack of food quality or imagination. i even went up to eat 3 rounds worth, trying to find something good in all the different types of cuisines. alas, nothing. salty, bland, boring and just plain bleh. luckily, they had bottomless champagne so that was "something". i'll bump it up to 2 for that and the ok service. otherwise, not coming back.
5	I was surprised by the presentation and tastiness of the food here..my 2 favorite buffets are wynn and ceasers.. I decided to try the spice market buffet because i was staying at the hotel..A few good pointers.. Lots of food options.. Presentations was on point.. The buffet was a little off tho.. There was more food options on one side then the other.. Food did taste great... Quality was definitely there  A few minor set backs... The staff was not friendly.. Maybe it was our luck but it seemed that no one was happy to be there.. Dirty plates were not cleaned of our table.. Our waitress did not comeAround to takeOur unwanted food plates .. Horrrribleeee service with refills On our drinks.. On a scale of 1-10 1 being worse 10 being the best... Cleanliness- 9Customer service of host and cashier- 5 Waitress cust. Service - 2 Food quality -9Taste- 10
3	Nina! Nina! Nina! We absolutely loved our waitress Nina. She kept the mimosas and water flowing to the table and she was extra friendly. She made us feel like part of the family. She's been through the series of name changes for the hotel but still enjoys her job. Just don't interfere with her breaks lol. Nina gets 5 stars the food gets the 3 stars. Food: Blah. The same lunch selection and the selection was just average. Nothing to remember or even review about. We only ate there twice because we were staying at Planet Hollywood.
3	Mediocre buffet. I decided to give this place a shot, wanting something a little more casual/less upscale. The food offerings fit the bill but the taste didn't. Most items on my plate were either cold within a minute or tasted like they sat too long under the heat. They have different food stations (American, Mexican, Italian, etc. ) and a dessert station. The stations could've had more offerings from each, they seemed limited to 4-5 main courses and sides. Dessert was meh, nothing to die for. I've had better meals at my local Golden Corral. Dine at your own risk!
1	This is by far one of the worst customer service I've encountered. The food is not too bad, but not good either. The service on the other hand is poor, if I have the option of 0 star I'd. We went last Saturday and waited forever for a table to open up when there were plenty that were available. While we wait one of friend needed water and she looked extremely pale so we asked if we can just get some water or may be just a bottle, which was right at the counter. To our dismay, the lady said "Oh no this is for employees only". Really? This big hotel has water designate to "employee only"? So we waited and my friend passed out from dehydration and almost had to go to the hospital over a $1 Water bottle. It is a shame that they don't value customer. They'll only care when you either passed out or about to go to the hospital.
3	The food at the Spice Buffet was adequate, but not anything to write home about. The crab legs were steamed but not warm. The middle eastern fare was just ok. They had salad stations for each region. The rib steak was really quite rare. The  italian buffet fell short big time. Pasta was of low quality.  If I could, I would give this buffet  2 and one half stars. Def not a smorgasbord. Food was average. It was in my estimation a little better than the Bellagio which I feel is extremely overrated!
1	This buffet needs a make-over and the personnel needs to be more responsive to the diners. The snow crab was okay, it smelled a little fishy, but no amonia taste, and the paella was really chewy. Most upsetting was the price. I also purchased a all you drink ticket, and after the first serving of drinks the wait-staff avoided us like the plague. Fruits and desserts were very disappointing. This buffet really needs a make-over and staffed with personell who care about the diners experience. My wife Caroline and I also had dinner at Caesars Baccanal and  breakfast at Paris Le Buffet and then dinner. These two rated far above Spice Market with Caesar's Baccanal getting top honors.
4	Reasonable prices. Good food. I liked all the different selections of food. Out waiter was really nice and friendly.
4	Very friendly staff. Good selection of food, not quite as much as the world buffet at the Rio, but good selection. The Mediterranean was high-quality and tasted great. Nice choice of desserts. Love the all-you-can-drink alcohol including premium beers!
5	great buffet! A lot of crab legs, already cut in half, so easier to eat. Crepes, great! Nice price!
1	Terrible cashier service. Confusing lines: one line to pay and then you're ordered to get in another line to wait for seating. They sit you and you have to RUN to keep up to where they're sitting you. The food was cold unless you were lucky to serve yourself when they're actually putting out fresh trays of food. Don't look behind the counter. It's DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!! Shame in this place for being so dirty. I would hope the chef would have taken more pride in his kitchen. Groupon was honored today and I'm so glad we didn't pay full price. Disappointed
4	Champagne brunch was a bit pricey, but I think we got our money's worth. We did wait in line for a little bit maybe 20-30 minutes. Not the best buffet ever, but good and cheaper than Wynn, Caesar's, etc, plus we were staying at PH. I preferred the American food over the more exotic choices. The yukon gold mashed potatoes were amazing!!! The prime rib was the best buffet prime rib I've ever had. Waffles were fantastic, chili very good, shrimp tempura good, and a fine selection of desserts. Made to order crepes, yum!Our server was fabulous! She kept our glasses full of mimosas and was very sweet and attentive!!
2	This buffet is very overpriced especially considering the quality of the food.  Most of the food is average and the rest is below average.  For the price it is more worth it to spend a few extra bucks and go to Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Place or The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.  5/10 for food, 2/10 for price, 7/10 for staff (some were friendly while others were kinda rude).  Overall, this buffet is not worth going to and there are far better buffets walking distance away that you can go to.
3	Prime dinner time you are looking at an hour and half wait in long lines.  Not bad since the people behind us came from Ceasers because the line was 6 hours, 6 hours for a buffet!!! CRAZY.  Options here are not huge compared to other buffets but its not bad.  Middle Eastern food is great.  The crab and prime rib were really good.  Salad bar is very weak.  If you like cupcakes, the dessert bar will be your favorite.
1	The food is not good. It looks good but then you taste it and some of it is not edible. Went for New Years day and the fact that there was no line should have been a clue not to go in.Some of the stations weren't being taken care of. They charged us $45 which is the same as the Paris or Bellagio buffets which are much better
1	My wife and I were looking for a buffet on the Strip and saw this discount ticket for the buffet so we decided to try it out without doing any research. We waited in along for a reasonable time (for Vegas), about an hour  in the early evening. However, after paying we waited a long time to be seated. There were only three employees seating customers and they were also also doing things at the register, helping with drink orders, and things like that. There were many open tables that were ready to go. Finally seated, we went to the food and it was QUITE lackluster. It's divided by cuisine (Middle Eastern, American, seafood, etc) and many of the items just looked like it had been sitting for a while.  It was just very disappointing. Funally desserts. We love desserts and a big portion of the desserts are cupcakes. Not everyone is a fan, and also no one wants to eat a full size cupcake. Buffets are about sampling lots of items. Crepe station seemed okay. Soft serve only, no real ice cream. I think i would've been happier just eating at McD's. I hate McD's.
1	This buffet is going downhill - I mean WAY down.  When I came a few years back, they won one of those buffet awards on the strip.  I agreed with the win cuz the food was decent and the desserts were exceptional.  Now, 2014 - This buffet will NEVER win that award again.  This dinner buffet is cheaper than other buffets on the strip and you get Below Average food.  Even the desserts aren't as good, majority were cupcakes - I don't care for cupcakes.  I want some good stuff like tiramisu, gelato, cookies, etc.  I love cookies and they had Zero/None.  Line was super long, it was line after line - first line to pay then line to get seated.  There was only 1 person walking groups/people to their seats.  Even some waiters had to come by to seat people cuz everyone was getting frustrated about the wait.  We got there at 5:20, didn't get seated 'til 6:30.  I wouldn't come back here again; don't waste your $ here.
1	I'm not one to pay attention to buffet reviews because in my opinion on all you can eat joints, "to each their own", but I wish I had listened this time.We came here during Christmas week for vacation and had our eyes set on Buffet of Buffets. We waited in line for an hour and it was finally our turn at the register. Turns out B.O.B. prices were increased by $20 for the holidays, but whatever right?I had a Total Rewards card to get the member discount and figured it'd work for the total bill (just as it had for all the other places I'd been to) but the lady at the register insisted that all adults needed it. So fine, we go upstairs and get them and come back. AND THEN, we give her our gift card that a family friend gifted us, and she claims it doesn't work. Wtf bro (no one else had problems with it throughout our entire trip). So we decide to just settle and pay for just this meal. $200ish for 6 people. We get in line to be seated.Once we are seated, we went to get food. I walk around twice, ending up with a slice of Prime rib and some mashed potatoes. There's nothing good here. The crab legs were dry and grimy looking, all other seafood included popcorn/bbq shrimp and baked sole. The only other things that looked edible were the grilled skewers in the Middle Eastern section. The dessert is whack. Cupcakes and cotton candy? I get it, even if buffets suck in Vegas, there will still be loads of people, but c'mon guys, be reasonable!
1	We came here around lunch time with Buffet of Buffets (BoB) pass and we decided to come to see how bad it was. Seriously we didn't come with much expectation, we just wanted to see how bad it was after reading so many reviews. And we can't agree more, this buffet is really bad. They do have food but none of them look appealing even when you are hungry. The dessert station was full of cupcakes which I don't eat even on a regular day. I know you are gonna laugh when I am about to tell you that their steamed jasmine rice is the best they had there. Yes, I mean it. We are so glad we went there with BoB, we only sat there for one hour. What an interesting ride. I don't know who would want to pay full price to get in this buffet.
2	How did this place get voted the Best Buffet in Vegas so many times?Yeah sure, it's fine and I suppose good enough for its price.All it's offerings though were probably below any other Vegas buffet I have been to in its quality. The selection is large but if I was a fan of super dry and tasteless fried chicken or a random taco bar that looked like it was hosted by Safeway, I would be more grateful.I don't really think it's worth the money since there are so many other offerings in the area but should you want to see what the hype is about, who am I to stop you?
3	I may have given another star had it not been for the place being so crammed together. I think they could use to lose a few tables and open up the dining area, also PLEASE pull your tables away from the area where people are walking to get to the buffet. I've never been seated so closely to the actual food. My table was basically IN the dessert section.As for the food - there's a lot of selection and numerous "stations" with different ethnic foods to choose from.I sampled mainly from the seafood; got crab legs, peel n eat shrimp, some buffalo popcorn shrimp (yum!), some sushi (dry, yuck). Tried some food from the Mediterranean section. Hummus, dates, lamb, naan bread, olives, etc. Okay, but not great, I've had better Greek food elsewhere.Mexican, American, and meat carving areas did not interest me, although my Father-In-Law got a nice looking piece of prime rib. My husband also got some fried chicken that he said was quite tasty.Desserts - Mainly their dessert section is cupcakes, although I did manage to find some pretty decent cannolis. The cupcake I had was OK, but kind of dry. I honestly don't even remember which kind it was now, but if you have a thing for cupcakes you will love this place.Overall - not bad. Of course, my Father-In-Law paid the bill so I can't complain. But would I throw down money here myself? Probably not. I'd go to another buffet around town. .
5	The best meal you have ever eaten is really just a function of memory, and the spice market buffet was the best meal I can remember eating. Absolutely everything that I tried had the taste of an intentionally crafted dish, not the thrown together, hurried preparation you might expect of a buffet. I thoroughly enjoyed feasting at this location. Everything from an attentive server, to a good music selection as I ate, was perfect.I cannot recommend this buffet more. I would definitely go back. Yum!!
2	Came here for the lunch buffet. Most of the food was pretty average. There is good variety, but the only good section was the American food section. The meats were all cooked very well. Some of the desserts were pretty good too, like the baklava and creme brulee. There's also a huge selection of cupcakes, but I didn't try them.
3	One of the lesser buffets in Vegas but decent and nowhere near as horrid as Flamingo's train wreck of a paradise in a retirement home.At least they had crab legs which were decent, they had OK prime rib, and they had a decent selection of Mediterranean, Mexican and mid-eastern cuisine.An entire two stars off for their Italian section which was just confusing and tasted worse than Souplantation.Not as many selections as the larger buffets in Vegas, but at least they had a couple of good items..1 points off for the nasty TVs. Fix the burn-in on the screen or get one that doesn't turn white people into a pasty yellow.
3	We weren't looking for something hoity toity.. and we didn't want to spend $50+ for a buffet meal on New Years Day. This was a solid option aside from the long wait that we experienced to get a table. We were disappointed to peek over the wall and find entire sections of 10-12 dirty tables with one busser slowly working each table, as we stood and waited for a place to sit. The drink servers/table clearers do hustle but they are likely overwhelmed with the amount of tables they have. Our server kept up on drinks once we were able to order them.Our group didn't do the drink package as we didn't feel it was needed or worth it. The food? It was just fine.. split crab legs, prime rib that was tasty and not chewy, good fried chicken and plenty of salad options/toppings. They tried to do a little of this, and a little of that.. but it's possible that their quality diminishes because of it - ie. Sushi. Sushi shouldn't be on the buffet unless it's an entire station of just sushi and it's made fresh in front of you by a sushi chef. One platter of sushi on the seafood spread is a little scary to me. Desserts were all delish.. we had cupcakes and cotton candy and ice cream, as well as flan, mousse cups and more.While in line, I chatted with the ladies in front of me who indicated that they'd been at the buffet a couple of years ago and it was good. I had hope! It's not horrible.. but it's not like some of the top rated buffets on the strip. Of course, it wasn't $65 for a meal either.. :)
3	Variety,but not quality!
1	We went there last night hoping to get a great experience well that wasn't the case. We went at 9 pm and the food looked old, most of everything looked like it's being sitting there for a while. I was exited that they had Mediterranean food, the skewers (only two pieces of chicken) were hard and the zucchini very mooshy. Alcohol wise the champagne was ok, wine selection horrible, my husband like the selection of beers. We also took a 4 year old that we had to pay $23 dollars for him in which I think it's insane!!!!!  How much can a 4 year old eat??? We weren't happy at all. Not worth your money
3	I've been here twice for their dinner buffet. First time they had their steak/chicken/lamb kabobs which was delicious along with their fresh/warm naan bread + hummus. Their chicken kabobs were slighly burnt but I went back for seconds for their steak and lamb. Was a little dissapointed that the second time I went they had only carved versions of lamb. Other notables was their buffalo shrimp/chicken, pretzel rolls and their peanut butter filled cupcakes. They also have little trays like Caesar's for their fried chicken & biscuit, chili, and meatball/breadstick. Decent price for their dinner buffet, try to snag the $5 coupon off the internet while it's still going on!
2	Will only visit this place if I'm comped.  What my party had to pay was more than $150 for 5 people.  The food was terrible and bland.  We had to wait over an hour to pay $150 for a meh experience.Go to the buffet at the Palms, 1/3 the price of this place and it is so much better!
3	Not sure why so many reviews are outraged and unnecessarily low-scoring: this place is about what you would expect for a Strip buffet that is not listed among the top best. This is not the Bellagio, this is not the Wynn, so scale back your expectations accordingly.That being said, it is surprisingly large and when I went on a weekend for dinner just after 5PM, the wait was less than 5 minutes. Maybe some consider that a bad sign, but as we dined business picked up.Came using a BOGO Groupon- all you can eat and all you can drink for two for $46. Not bad at all. Pricing was not available online to see what locals prices were or which deal was better, but gave it a shot. The $11.50 extra for all you can drink option is not something I'd pay to add on in the future- BF and I each had two drinks (beer and champagne, respectively) and did not feel it was worth it.Food is divided up by cuisine style:Seafood- snow crab legs and shrimp plentiful, but disappointed with sushi. Very little was out and it was all dry and falling apart as if it was left over from lunch or the day before. Was never restocked during our visit. Only consisted of simple cucumber, salmon and california rolls. Avocado in the CA roll was brown, ew. You'd think with crab and shrimp available, there would be a better selection.Salad- loved the wedge salads available, haven't seen that many places!Soups- only chicken noodle and tortilla were available, didn't look appetizing.Italian- pastas all looked as if they'd been sitting out, but meatball was tasty. I'm mostly avoiding carbs, so I did not really spend much time in this area.Chinese- very generic, did not have anything here.Barbecue- BF enjoyed the prime rib, yukon gold mashed potatoes were delicious, barbecue pork shank was tasty! Despite signage for sliders, only fried chicken kept being put out. It was tasty but not my thing.Dessert- Tons of cupcakes. Not sure why they're so large, seems wasteful as most people are only taking a bite or two and trying other flavors. Someone probably needs to rethink this.Mid-Eastern- grilled veggies, chicken and lamb were all good, tabouli and naan flavorful, lamb tagine was surprisingly true to flavor.Mexican- Like the Italian area, disappointing. All food was very basic and appeared to have been sitting out.Salad- lots of cheeses, breads, and spreads available here. Opted for a lot of fresh fruit and got a wedge of brie with some fruity bread, very tasty.
3	The buffet has a beautiful selection.  It is visually impressive.  The food was just OK.  We ate about half of what we put on our plate and then went back to try other things.  There were a few nice meat selections, side dishes, and shrimp that the whole family liked.  The desserts were great.  The endless alcohol option had nasty watery wine.  If you choose that option go with bottled beer, then it is a good deal.  $33.99 for age 11 and up and $19.99 for age 10 and under seemed a bit steep especially with all of the trial and error we went through to find tasty food.  The service with clearing plates and replenishing beverages was just OK.  Don't tip when you check in, wait to see if your server is attentive and tip at the end.  The kids enjoyed experience.  I think my husband and I would have rather been at a steakhouse spending $33.99 on a steak and getting a nice bottle of wine.
3	Honestly I don't understand why there are so many low ratings for this buffet. For the price I paid, I think it well worth it. Bought the coupon from Tix4tonight, $2 per person. Then you get either 25% off for lunch or 50% off for dinner. I went to the Dinner and only paid $17.49 before tax. Some highlights for the dinner, there are crab legs, shrimp, prime rib, short rib, and lamb from Mediterranean section. If you love Asian food, don't come here, because they don't have much variety and the food doesn't look delicious to me at all. Mexican section is pretty good. However, very limited choices for the salad bar and fruits. There are so many cupcakes at the desert section, if you love cupcakes, go for it! They also have cotton candy there which is cute! Anyways I think Spice Market meets my expectation very well, it is average buffet on the strip but price was good! I have had so many buffets at Vegas, the only memorable one is the Caesars Palace only because they have fresh oysters, but you are paying $32.99 for lunch and 40 sth for dinner! So people scale back your expectation for the spice market!
4	Came here with a Groupon and it was really awesome! All you can eat, all you can drink (beer, wine, champagne), and it was great! Plenty of variety (came for lunch). The dessert section was the biggest of any buffet Ive ever seen. Cotton candy too! Every time I went up to the buffet, I had a new beer waiting for me at the table. We wish we had gone back. Only reason for not giving 5 stars was it could have had a little more variety for the price and some stuff wasn't as fresh as other. Def. awesome buffet though!
5	Not every thing's good here of course, but again that's usually the case at most buffet places. I'm giving 5 stars based on just a couple dishes I had here that I really liked. Crab meat wrapped in sole (at the seafood section) is a MUST try! This alone is worth the money. It's so tender, moist and tasty. Shrimp pasta, potato skin, grilled zucchini are all very good. As to other stuff, it's ok to sample them, they're not particularly great in my opinion.I didn't know Groupon offers 50% discount for 2. Definitely check it out if you're going.
1	The worst buffet ever....not even worth the time or trouble to go down the escalator, let alone the money to pay for it.  The food was bland, Luke warm and the textures were challenging.
4	This buffet was the best one we went to with our 24 hour pass in Vegas. The buffet had a huge variety and all we had was fresh. On the weekends you can get free champaign during brunch...and they kept your glass filled! My favorite parts of this buffet were the Mediterranean and dessert sections. I had way too many desserts, but they were all worth every calorie!
4	Easily one of the best bang for your buck buffets and a classic of Las Vegas that will never disappoint. Sure, Spice Market buffet won't stack up against the big boys like Wynn Buffet or Wicked Spoon, but it provides an array of delicious foods from every corner of the world and wonderful desserts. The quality is certainly there. Spice Market has not disappointed me in 10 visits. There are TVs in one side of the dining area where you can watch sports. Included in Buffet of Buffets.
2	Part of the buffet of buffets promotion, this buffet is a slightly upgraded hometown buffet but if you go during peak hours, you will wait ~2hrs as we did for a party of 2. I would recommend passing on this location as all the meats were dry, they did not have enough people cleaning tables so that was the main reason there was a huge backup in the line, and overall the variety was above average but the quality was sub par. At least I didn't get food poisoning?
2	I cant believe we paid $30 each for this buffet.  So many soupy casseroles, dry meat, generally just tasteless food.  Went thru each station and could barely find anything that looked good.  Thank goodness for the cup cakes.  I filled up on those.  The pizza was not even good.  How can you screw that up.  Maybe the problem was that we went about 3:30.  Lunch just got over so all the food was probably left over from lunch.  Nothing was hot.  This was a recommendation from a local.  Sad disappointment and a waste of money.
2	I expect more from this buffet inside Planet Hollywood.  Unfortunately, I'm don't like buffets.  Quality is typically lacking and food sits in a bin where you have no clue how many hours it has been sitting there.  The buffet is large and laid out nicely.  The food actually looks good, so I had some hopes that it would be ok.  My issue is that the food was dry and tasted like it was sitting out there for a while.  My fear of buffet food was verified here.  Oh well.
4	I really liked it. Loved the cupcake variety. Food was fresh, kept hot, pleasant experience. There will be lines no matter what time you go. Staff is polite and attentive. Went here on a groupon- good wine and beer choices.
1	Line was extremely slow at 9:30 p.m. on a Thursday.  I'd have been more understanding if the two (more like 1 and 1/2) hosts had any sense of urgency to get people seated when there are open tables everywhere. It took 30 min to get seated. We also watched a table of people sit with food in front of them for a good 5 minutes but no silverware. When they finally asked we watched the guy spend a few minutes dealing with other tables and plate pickups before returning. On top of all of this the food was pretty terrible overall. I'm not hard to please and know what to expect from a strip buffet and this place was awful. On the plus side we did the "All you can drink" option and were served frequently by a nice waiter. The desserts were also quite good.I would only recommend this place to someone I secretly wanted to sabotage and would only return if it was free.
4	This is not the fanciest buffet in Vegas but it is one of our least expensive favorites.Located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino Spice Marked puts on a good spread at a reasonable price.  The food is good quality and average to good in taste.  The real star of Spice Market is the large variety of moist yummy cupcakes in the desert station.  There is at least a dozen varieties of cupcakes!  The soft serve ice cream is the same Custard type of ice cream served in the Paris buffet and it is simply my fav.There is also a Groupon currently available for two including "all you can drink" alcohol :)
3	I went to enjoy the buffet voted best in Las Vegas! I was disappointed in the customer service. From the start the cashier lady was telling me I had to pay tax I asked why she said that she could show me and attempted to grab something from the trash can. I was very angry with that! The food was decent but not fresh. The best was the salmon and bow tie noodles. I did enjoy dessert the crepe chef was polite friendly and was honestly the only part I enjoyed of the establishment. We had all you can drink wine our server came back with two full glasses of watered down white wine. I can say I been but never again!!!
2	This Buffet has definitely gone down hill.  We used to wait in line for 1 - 2 hours, but that was ok because the food was worth it.  Today, our seafood options were disappointingly limited; and it looks like most food was cooked hours ago.  They ran out of crab stuffed sole (and never refilled).  The chicken (American) was very dry.  Nothing exciting in the Mexican section.  Pizza was ok, but sub par for a brick oven style.  The only benefit is I had a groupon for buy one get one free.  If I am going to a Buffet (once/year) - then I would rather spend more money on better food.
3	It only gets 3 stars because we had a groupon. If I paid full price it would probably be two stars. The aria's buffet is far superior. However, I do want to say that desserts were delicious, contrary to some of these reviews talking about only the cotton candy and the cupcakes. They have expanded to other items that rank right up with the wynn's dessert concoctions.
3	The line to get into the buffet is usually very long. You wait in 3 different lines before you get seated.The food is decent. Nothing too top notch. They do have a good range of foods to goose from like seafood, mid-eastern, and Mexican.The best part is that you do get free drinks all night so it's a food place to eat an drink for a couple hours before continuing with your night.Check groupon for deals because the original price for the Buffett I not worth it. My server was Pablo, he's good people!
3	Good Prime Rib and Champagne, okay food for the price I guess.  The wait staff is very nice!
4	Oh i like this place! I bought a groupon so it came out real cheap. Anyways, the food was bomb. My favorite side was the italian and mid-eastern food. Be ready to wait in line and to eat a lot! The dessert bar looked like paradise! I think is the cheapest buffet on the strip but the food is real good. Is a must try place.
1	Are you kidding me!!  So you wait in line for over an hour to pay in a hot and stuffy line only to wait another half hour to be seated while gazing at multiple empty tables and tables covered in plates and glasses that haven't seen patrons for ages. Finally seated, ready for a glass of unlimited champagne we paid for only to be told they are out of champagne! It's 8:00, not midnight, how are you out of champagne in Vegas? Food is okay, but not any better than other buffets. Really not sure how it got voted Best in Vegas.If I could give it zero stars I would.
2	Argh not worth it. Just go to paris buffet. Yes the have fewer choices but it doesnt suck like the spice market.
3	Great Prime Rib and crab legs - everything else average.  Ask your server for hot crab legs if you want them.  She brought out a huge platter and they were piping hot! We had a Groupon for 2 dinner buffets and unlimited drinks.  I would suggest not buying the unlimited drink option separately as you probably will get too full to make it worthwhile.  Wait in line was 30 min. on a Thursday eve at 8 pm.
4	Oooh! Looks like I'm review #1,000!My boyfriend and I came across a Groupon for Spice Market and decided to purchase the buffet option. For $43, two people get all-you-can-eat-and-drink (including beer, wine and champagne) brunch. There are also breakfast and lunch options for weekdays but the dinner choice is currently sold out.I'm giving Spice Market four stars based on the alcohol (bottomless mimosas...hell yea!) and the incredible dessert station. The rest of the buffet was decent but probably three stars at best. Things I loved: The cupcake selection was phenomenal! There must have been about 12 different varieties of fancy cupcakes. I tried four (cookies and cream, chocolate mint, caramel apple and smores) and, like a little piggy, almost ate all of those four cupcakes. My personal favorite was the chocolate mint (super creamy mint frosting) but all four of them were incredible. If only I had more room in my belly!The prime rib was great! Perfectly cooked and tasted like perfection when dipped in the au jus. I enjoyed two slices of the tender meat.The mac and cheese was surprisingly good. I've tried it at other buffets and always find it to be bland but here is was perfectly seasoned and I even went back for seconds. The chicken pesto pasta from the Italian bar was also a tasty dish.Things I Didn't Love:The fresh-sliced turkey was dry and the gravy had a funny taste to it. I love turkey and gravy so this was big disappointment.The salad bar was very tiny. I know that not a lot of people go for salad at a buffet but I always like a little salad to go with my meal. I guess it makes me feel slightly healthier while gorging on all the deliciousness. But there were very few toppings and the ranch was not to my liking (I'm very particular about the ranch dressing at restaurants). The mashed potatoes, which I admit that I didn't even try, looked incredibly runny and strangely yellow. What happened to fluffy white potatoes? One other quick note, if you have a group of 8 or more, they charge you a mandatory 18% gratuity. We, of course, had exactly eight people. I think this is crap as it is a buffet and they're not really doing much for us aside from pushing a couple tables together. And if we had seven instead of eight, they wouldn't charge us? Seems a bit ridiculous!
1	The worst buffet I think I have ever been to. I walked in, saw the food, then walked out. The food looked disgusting. I tried to taste the tandoori chicken, and it tasted worst than it looked. Do not come here, you will be disappointed.
3	This place was OK, they definitely have a good assortment of food.During a trip to Las Vegas last year in Nov. we did the buffet of buffets and we tried this place out. It was good. The thing I liked the most was their cupcakes, I was amazed at how many different kinds they had.
1	This buffet is one of the worst I've had in Vegas.  The line, or should I say lines (yes multiple lines) were extremely long and stuffy.  My wait in the first line was 40 minutes, then I paid and had to get in another line for 15 more minutes. Once I made it into the buffet I was sadly disappointed about the quality of food and the lack of options at the food stations.  Most of the food looked and tasted like it was sitting out a long time and/ or highly picked over.  If you wanted prime rib you typically had to wait yet again in line to get a slice. I was excited to hit the dessert station with it's many cupcake options but was almost crying over my extremely dry red velvet cupcake.  The best cupcake I tried was the cannoli cupcake.The only nice things I can say about this buffet is the price is low-ish and they serve beer and wine.  Otherwise I'd recommend hitting up Mandalay Bay or the Rio buffet for better quality, freshness, and options of food - just as  a buffet should be!
2	This is not the buffet to choose when you are in Vegas.  This place is too expensive and the quality of food is not on the same level as most major casino buffets.  The only thing that was decent about the buffet was the desserts, especially their cupcakes.  The only reason we went here is they had two-for-one Groupon deals and they gave us unlimited alcoholic drinks.  We were surprised that if you go with a group of eight or more you have to pay an 18% gratuity fee.  I wouldn't be surprised if this was a sit down restaurant, but a buffet, that is crap.  The service was surprisingly very good (it better be for 18% gratuity) and our waitress was very nice.  They kept our mimosas filled and full beers on the table.The food here was not the best, but not the worst.  I tried just about everything there but could find anything I really enjoyed.  They had  all sorts of different ethnic stations with a good variety of food, but none of it stood out as being delicious.  Just one step up from cafeteria food. I was told the mac n cheese was very good and so was the prime rib. They finally brought the crab legs out around 3 pm, but were still mostly frozen and they didn't have anyone to warm them up so you had to eat them cold.  If you are trying to save some money and find the Groupon deal then this is a great place, other than that don't waste your money on this buffet.  There is a lot better and cheaper ones around.
2	45 minute wait in line? Really??? Seriously? Ridiculous!!There were lots of tables either open or needing to be bussed and that line would have moved a LOT better.
2	I love the 2 star descriptor "Meh. I've experienced better." That is exactly my experience with Spice Market. The best thing there was the cupcakes.. everything else was just average. I felt like it was an "around the world" Hometown Buffet. I wish I had taken the Yelp reviews more seriously, they looked mixed and I know why now. The Buffet we did at the Rio was much better and seemed fresher.
3	Only coming here with a "Groupon" we ate for $43 which doesn't include sales tax by the way but does include all you can drink beer, wine, and champagne. Choosing the dinner option we arrived on March 11 around 8:30pm which was shockingly busy for a week day. We stood inline for nearly 45 minutes which we thought was a bit crazy. Slightly after 9pm we were seated. The waitress was nice enough and offered us the wine by bringing practically the entire bottle and even offered to bring us different ones if we wished but failed to ask or offer that the crab legs can be heated as I ate 3 plates of the cold. No biggie but it took another guest to point it out to me.  The crab and shrimp cocktail were very good. Also I really liked the salad wedgie with bacon and blue cheese dressing. Thought it was a bit silly to just put 1 fried chicken breast into a basket though. Maybe add fries or something to it. My partner seemed to enjoy the Mediterranean section. The cupcakes were nice and all and many types to choose from but were very very dry and a bit tasteless. I ended up just eating the frosting tops off just to taste the flavor of each one I tried. The cotton was odd but was actually more tasty than the cupcakes. Sadly If I had to pay full price for this buffet I would be way more upset and its not worth it but for half off its not bad.
1	My boyfriend and I came across this deal on groupon and because it said voted best buffet in Vegas we decided why not. We got there and we were in line 45min just to pay. The food was beyond bland no flavor on anything at all. I would never go back or recommend anyone to go ever! The groupon deal was only sort it because it was all you can drink beer, wine and champagne.
4	If I could give it 4.5 stars I would...lets get the bad stuff out of the way... the sushi wasn't the greatest, but meh nothing to cry over. Now the amazing stuff. OMG their Middle Eastern selection! the babaganoush was amazing (according to my boyfriend who is ME) my first time trying and i loved it. The lamb vegetables and couscous YUMMY! Mexican selection was fantastic! was not expecting to see elotes (mexican corn on the cob street style) very authentic tasting, and the tacos al pastor also amazing. The desert section was great tbh i had two cupcakes but only ate the tops since the rest of the cupcake seemed like a waste of calories since it was dry... overall amazing buffet highly recommend for lunch...breakfast not so much :D
3	Buffets.. A place to binge on almost any kind of food you can imagine. You would think almost every buffet on the Strip deserves a 4 or 5 star rating, but there are exceptions.Let's start off with the fact that the waiting line is located super close to some of the dining areas. My group was seated near the entrance of the buffet and the line got ridiculously long that some of the people were standing right in front of us. Normally this wouldn't really be that much of a problem, but it does when they are standing in the way of me and my path to food.Its your average buffet with food ranging from mediterranean to asian to mexican to seafood. I'm a seafood lover so I will ALWAYS find myself heading straight to the crab legs ;) What can I say? I want to get my moneys worth. This buffet has 2 small trays with crab legs =( It's quite depressing when I'm use to the World Carnival Buffet at the Rio having a HUGE selection on crab legs. I still found myself getting 2 plate servings though. If there's crab legs, I'm eating it.Nothing else was really appealing to me. I had some of their 3-cheese ravioli which I found too heavy even for italian food. The pesto alfredo was alright - nothing worth raving about OR putting down. I guess the last thing I can add about this place is it is poorly lit. It's a little dim for my liking, but that's a personal preference.All in all, this buffet may just be a pass for me. There are better buffets out there with higher quality in food and bigger selections.
4	We tried the Brunch buffet in pH on Saturday afternoon. The wait was there - around 30 mins. In many ways this is your typical Vegas buffet, but I loved the food and the service. I almost paid double the amount for the Cosmopolitan buffet the last time and there was, double the wait, half as much variety, poor service and they stop refilling items after a while. The drink service here was prompt and great. They included all sorts of beer, wine, mimosas, sodas, ice teas, etc. in the brunch. Mimosas were really nice. The staff was friendly and efficient.  Food - I am usually not a huge buffet fan, but everything that I tried was tasty. They have seafood, breakfast, Mexican, Mediterranean, Italian, Country and an Asian section and a huge desserts variety. The Mediterranean section had some succulent lamb and chicken options. Tons of vegetarian options overall - , nachos, hummus, soups, salads, 3 types of veggie pizzas, noodles, rice, tofu, veggie spring rolls and much more. The desserts section was fantastic - exquisite cupcakes, candy floss, ice cream, cheesecakes etc. There were also made to order eggs, crepes, pancakes and fresh waffles. Definitely give this place a try and don't think twice if you are a vegetarian, you will have plenty of options. If you want a good buffet for a good price, Spice Market is the place to try!
3	If you're looking for a fancy, upscale venue, this is not for you.  You are literally sitting in the basement, with no special decor.  But if you just want a large variety of food at a cheap price, this place is a pretty good deal.  We came here with the Buffet of Buffets pass and it was our first stop for a late dinner.  Our favorites were the crab legs, sole stuffed with crab, lamb skewers, lamb tangine, and the macarons.  There were a ton of other stations to chose from, but the seafood and middle eastern stations looked the freshest.
1	Dry, bland, overcooked, soggy with weird service. For the same price, just go eat dinner somewhere close by. P-Ho has a lot to offer: Cheeseburger in Paradise, PBR, Planet Dailies, Bugr to name a few.
1	This was our "go to" buffet in Vegas. WAS!! Let me start by saying the wait staff was excellent. Not a single negative thing to say about a any employees.  Now with that said, the food was terrible. It honestly felt as though I was in a Hometown Buffet or a Sizzler. The different stations had very limited selections and the food was quit frankly bland. You have to be a "VIP or Gold Card Member" to have the crab legs steamed. Not a huge fan of ice cold crab legs. As good as this buffet used to be, it is now only mediocre at best. Won't be back to the PH buffet anytime soon.
3	The food was good, just a little bit better than an ordinary buffet.  But it's Vegas, so the best part is the the size of the buffet and the many choices!
4	This buffet is ok! I went for the steak and mashed potato. They were pretty good. And then you have 2 options for the crab legs: hot or cold. Awesome! I am somewhat disappointed with the desert because there is not that much variety. They have a lot of cupcakes. I think a child will find that exciting. If it was as good as a Sprinkles cupcake, then great! Cupcake all you can it is! But it isn't. =( I gave it a four star because they serve steamed crab legs which not all buffet in Vegas do anymore.
3	This buffet is above average as far as Vegas buffets go.  They have quite a good range of different foods, and most are fresh and tasty.  The desert area leaves a little to be desired.  Cakes and cupcakes are dry and many of the deserts are blande.  No crab legs at lunch!  Love the mimosas.  Coffee was good too and service was good.  Fun place to come with friends on a day off!
4	We bought a Groupon, two dinner buffets, with unlimited drinks, and that day Groupon special, $36.75 not bad. The food pleasantly surprised us, better than Kumi in Mandalay Bay (sad to say). But the unlimited drinks such as the wine, was kind if nasty. They come in water glasses so they don't have to bring you more and more and the wine tastes dirty, like cheap wine does. But the food was totally worth the money. They had a lot of things vegetarians would eat, since i have recently become one ( 6 weeks now), with salad and pastas, grilled veggies and seafood, even cheese quesadillas. Of course they do have the standard meat options and some Brazilian style skewers as well. Worth the try, very underestimated.
1	We're there on Sunday.  The food and service were horrible.Especially the hostesses were so rude.  To me they should not be in service at all.Flatware, dishes, and utensils are all dirty.They served wine in dirty glasses with lipstick On them. And when they were asked to bringa replacement glasses, they really gave us the attitude.I'd not come back to this place anymore, and Would not recommend anyone to come unlessYou want to get the same service that I got!
2	The deal on Groupon was two adult buffets for $45.  We thought it was well worth it for the unlimited drinks and food so we hopped on that deal immediately. Turns out that the food was subpar and quite limited in variety. For a place to market themselves as an international buffet they may have had 2 to 3 selections at each station.Our waiter Tedesse, was the only thing that made this place worthwhile. He was a great guy with a great sense of humor and made sure that our drinks were never empty. He even agreed to bring us to go cups for our "sodas".
2	It was pretty disappointing. I would definitely go somewhere else. We got a buy one get one free coupon and it still wasn't worth it. The breakfast was decent, the rest of the food I couldn't believe how bad it taste! Like worse than cafeteria in elementary bad!
3	After waiting in two separate lines, one to pay and another to be seated, for what seemed like forever, we were finally able to sample the food from the various ethnic stations. I believe there was a Mexican, Italian, Asian, Middle Eastern, American, Seafood, Soup and Salad stations as well as dessert. To keep this review on the shorter side I'll say that the food I tried from the various stations were all pretty good for the most part but there were one or two items from the various sections that I didn't think were that good compared to other places. The pork fried rice in the Asian area, was one let down. It had a weird taste and there was little to no pork in it at all. Definitely a dish that needs to be revamped. The pork buns were very delicious and for me, it was the highlight of the Asian area. Each station only has a few items to choose from which was pretty disappointing. I guess I just expected a little more variety from each station than what we were offered. The dessert station was pretty nice in my opinion. The variety in this area was satisfying. There were various flavors of cupcakes as well as different mini cakes, pastries, tarts, cotton candy and even ice cream. There was so much I wanted to try but had to keep my sugar intake to a minimum. Most of the delicious treats they offered I just took a bite of just to say I tried it. There was something there to satisfy anyones sweet tooth for sure. Now back to the food stations for a sec. If I had to choose a station I enjoyed the most it would definitely be the Middle Eastern one. Most of the offerings at that station were just delicious! I had the tandoori chicken, lamb, beef kabobs, curry chicken and curry lamb and they were by far my favorites in the entire buffet. Oh, and the mac n cheese in the American section was the best i've had out of the two buffets I've visited in Vegas.  The service here was pretty good. Our server was great about keeping our cups filled and our empty plates off the table. Overall it was a satisfying experience and I would come here again in the future but they should definitely try to add a few more dish options in a few of the stations that were lacking.
3	We went because of a groupon it was only $45 for 2 which included unlimited beverages including alcohol ( you also need to pay tax at the restaurant $3.65).  I gave it 3 stars because of the price otherwise I may have given it 2 stars.  The food was adequate - the ribs were dry with an unnecessary kick, fried chicken was flavorless, general tso's chicken was as dry as we every had, the ham from the carving station was dry, and many items were just too ordinary.  Having said that for less then $49 you got unlimited drinks and food.  The Mexican and salad stations were good as was the pizza from the Italian station.  We don't eat seafood but there seemed the be a lot of choices including crab legs.  Desserts were mostly assorted cupcakes that were okay.  They also had a crepe station and soft serve ice cream.  The stations included chinese, american, italian, mexican, mid-eastern, and dessert.  I could recommend with a groupon but not for full price.
1	Absolutely disgusting. After getting deathly ill about 10 minutes after eating the cold crab legs (yes, shouldn't have risked it at a buffet) I had to go lay down and was sick all night. THEN the next day I went to talk to the manager who was SO rude. He asked why I didn't say something that night.... Ummmm because I was so sick I had to bolt! And I NEVER get sick from food. He informed me all he could do was call hotel security and file a report. Complete BS. Don't go here unless you want to be sick from shitty cruise ship like food and then treated poorly.
4	Had breakfast here for $28 and from what I hear that's a good process for a buffet in Vegas. There was a solid selection and  worldwide selection of food. My favorite items were probably the seafood selection. The stuffed fish was probably my favorite item, along with the seafood salad. Overall a pretty good buffet.
2	We came here after many recommendation. They do have a lot of choices, but most are lukewarm and for this, I stayed away from the seafood. As a Mexican food lover, I went straight for that area. It made me sad looking at it. It looked like it had been sitting out for a long time. Most of the food was mediocre at best. If you drink a lot of alcohol, I could see this being passable. So drink up!Drinks were refilled quickly and the server checked up on us a good amount which is why this is two stars. If you can afford it, the Paris buffet will be one of the only ones I trust at this point.
5	This is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.(and I've been to almost all of them) the food is always fresh and delicious! They have all sorts of options(seafood, Mexican, meats, Italian...etc.)the staff is nice & they tend to cater to you well. I always purchase the groupon deal as it comes with 2 lunches OR dinners and ALL YOU CAN DRINK! That's a steal. It's become a Vegas tradition to eat here every visit.
4	Came here with a buddy and a lunch groupon good for all you can drink and eat around 2:40pm...I think it cost us around $20 each.Don't expect Bachannal quality food but my 4 stars is purely for the value with the groupon as we were both satisfied.Unlimited bottled Coronas and Heineken plus champagne...that was worth at least $10 by itself...so on the other $10 I spent of the $20 I got:Split snow crab legsshrimp cocktailprime rib (ehh..)Indian style skewered lamb (good)Some quesadillas from Mexican section with guac & salsaCreme BruleeStrawberry and creme CrepeConsidering we kept rotating mostly between king crab and shrimp cocktail while drinking all we could, the groupon was definitely worth it and we both left feeling we had a decent meal for a great price.Our waitress, Rose was excellent, friendly and provided great service.I would definitely come back again with a groupon offer and hit the same items. TIP:Afterward you can hit the sports book close by and watch some sports to settle the alcohol before driving home if you are a bit wasted walking out...caught some Yankees and NBA playoffs.
1	The worst experience at a buffet I've had in a long time, from beginning to end. The girlfriend and I visited because we had a Groupon (probably should have been the first hint) and and we didn't feel like cooking. We read the reviews before we bought the Groupon. I just thought the bad reviews came from those who were a little too picky (I was wrong.) So we went with a clear mind, willing to give this place every chance it deserves. Service (scale from 1-5, where 5 is excellent) - 1We arrived, and walked up to the cashier. Boy, she must have been having a bad day; not the attitude I expect from a restaurant. No smile, no hospitality whatsoever. Kinda made me feel like I want wanted there. Anyways, I got over it, we stood and waited for the host to show us to the table. Her attitude was not much better. Ugh, not a good start. We waited about five minutes before our server came and took our drink orders. I swear, there must be a theme to this restaurant or something. She looked like she was barely tolerant of our existence. Expected so, the worst service I have ever experienced. We hardly saw here throughout the dinner. Even when she saw us waving her over, she would ignore it. Food - 2Now let's get to the food. Oh...the food. The only thing that was good there were the crab legs, the shrimp cocktail, and the charcuterie. That's because you can't really mess that up. Everything else was just downright bad. The prime rib was completely overcooked and tough. The baby back ribs were overcooked and hard. The bread they served were rock hard. Pretty much nothing in their hot stations that we had were very appetizing. We hate to waste food but sadly, most of the plates that we got were full when they took it away. We read that the saving grace is the dessert station. Not necessarily. Well, they do have frozen custard, which is the best thing there. They also have a Macaron cookie which was done pretty well. They have maybe ten varieties of cupcakes, and are way too sweet in my opinion. The fruit tart, stale. The crepes in the crepe station are pre-made packaged. Value - 4I give this a four given that the deal was from Groupon; $35+ for two people, alcohol included. All in all, a pretty horrible experience, which prompted me to leave a review. I think they should seriously look into the service part of the establishment. It can make or break an experience, and on this occasion, it shattered it beyond repair.
3	It was an okay buffet since it offered a lot of options. Don't expect fancy food though. Our server was nice but unfortunately, he had a big area so took a little long to get our drinks. (I wonder why non alcoholic drinks are not self served)
3	Pretty good selection from the buffet on a Saturday lunch. However the quality was average at best. The service was good and glad I had a coupon and didn't pay full price. Seemed most there were getting the all you drink deal. :)
5	Got a Groupon for this. $45 for unlimited food, wine, beer and champagne for 2 people. Heck yes! Food was good, booze was good, line was short, server was nice. What more could you want. I would go here again any day and highly recommend it.
2	This was an average buffet offering. One of our party became ill after eating some seafood here. Not really anything sticks out in my mind as being great.
2	Average buffet with lots of food options. Because my mother is a platinum member through Total Rewards, we had the steamed crab, which was good. Main issue is that the service was slow. A lot of tables were not cleaned off in a timely manner. Ok buffet, but much better options available.
3	Make sure you find a coupon buy one get one otherwise i would say its not worth the price! They give military discount here. The buffet was $35.00. The food i had was good. They had many different stations. The desserts were hit or miss. Some were really good others were just really pretty with no taste to it and waste of calories! Over all for the 2 for 1 deal, its a good choice. However i heard they won some type of award for the buffet, i don't understand why.
4	Amazing breakfast! I had scrambled eggs, flank steak, smoked salmon, and so many fruit smoothies I can't even remember. Great breakfast experience.
3	Decided to check out the buffet because of a Groupon deal. Line to get in was super long. They had a standard Vegas spread of options: seafood, Italian, salad bar, Chinese, soup bar, dessert table. The food was not the best quality and they were too busy for the servers to get to us.
3	No break in between breakfast and brunch on weekends. So get here by 9:30 and pay for breakfast and then get brunch food. :) 10 am is cut off for breakfast on weekends.
3	The Spice Market buffet was fine at Planet Hollywood. There a lot of variety for most people, but as someone who's vegetarian and also doesn't eat pasta, the options were a bit more limited. Honestly, there was still plenty / tons of stuff to eat. I know I left the place over-stuffed.We had bought a voucher for this place from one of those discount show ticket booths. They said lunch would be $14.99 instead of some other higher price and the voucher itself costed $2 each. One thing that was annoying was when we did go for lunch they said it was holiday pricing due to the Memorial Day weekend, and we had to pay like an extra $7 or so per person. We had already waited in like for like 15-20 minutes, so were like, what the hey.The best section of the buffet was the Mediterranean food. By far. Not even close. All the entrees were really delicious. That happened to be my first stop and it definitely set the bar really high for the rest of the stations. Unfortunately, none of the others panned out in the same way. Nonetheless, even trying all the options got me stuffed.It was so funny, the group I was with was super excited and hungry when we got there. They're all like, we're going to chill and fulfill for the next 2 hours. It was funny, that only like 30 minutes in, we were all more than done. That's how these places operate, I guess. Just like tables, you can't win against Vegas...
3	It doesnt have the glitz and glamour like the other buffets in Vegas. But it does the trick. Lots of good food. Lots of variety.
4	Some of the food was cold, waiters took long to fill up water, but overall it was pretty good. Dessert section was delish and cant forget about BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS ;)
3	My husband and I were given free meals to eat here before our show at the V-Theater at the Planet Hollywood.. So why not use it, right???FREE BUFFET!!! yay!!!Dude.. but we just had a sandwich from Earl's like.... an hour and a half ago...So we dove right in and ate as much crab legs as we wished.I like how they're half cracked already.. so it's semi effortless to just get the crab meat and dunk it in butter.The salad bar--if you're into it does not have a lot of 'toppings'.. however i did like the tomato salad for some reason because of huge mozza balls.(I honestly was just too overwhelmed with all our meals; all i wanted was a salad at that time... and i couldn't pass on crabs of course)....They have a nice array of dessert that my husband enjoyed. He particularly liked the bread pudding.Service was excellent; but I wasn't wow'd much with the selection.
4	Overall pretty good experience. The line was long, but they moved through it fairly quickly. Waitress was extremely nice and on point. I tried a bit of everything and everything was pretty good the best section by far is the Middle Eastern.. Eat the lamb kabobs and baba.
5	Best dinner buffet in Las Vegas (in my opinion). Maybe other viewers didn't make the right food choices?
1	The buffets at the casinos in Oregon have spoiled me. All of the food at Spice Market was either bland or blatantly over-salted. Puhlease. The seafood was a joke.
5	Lots of choices. Desserts were awesome. Service was great. Very delicious and good selection of food, beer and wine. Loved their Mac n cheese... Fish n chips....very delicious little bucket of fried chicken n biscuit.... California rolls....awesome pork sausage fried rice, pork carnitas tacos ( skip the guacamole....its awful) And did I mention the deserts? : ) They also have a huge selection of cheese, olives and yummy breads, which are set up nicely and all look very delicious. Breads are really good n fresh.One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Must try!
1	What huge disappointment thankfully we used a groupon and only paid half. Everything overcooked Best part was the all u can drink. I'd say full love no thank u. Hell half isn't even worth it. If u ask me go somewhere else def not worth the wait. Plus staff horrible some old guy fell and no staff member seemed even concerned
3	The food was good with a decent selection, not amazing. The atmosphere isn't anything special. It's not lively, especially for Vegas. Went with a groupon, so it was a good price. Otherwise it is overpriced
4	I kind of don't understand the negative reviews if you compare it with "the buffetts on the strip". Now I have not tried the Caesar palace buffets which seems to be a good one. But I have tried a handful abd this one seems to be pretty good. I give it a four and not a five because I specifically wanted the tandoori chicken skewers and was there for dinner yet they only had lamb. It would help to remove the sign as well.Food selection is versatile and very satisfying. They have two different salad bars which include healthy choices and a good variety. Entire seafoid bar. The middle eastern food was very well executed and the variety was so fresh. The Mexican food was fresh and the chicken fajitas were so tasty. Their breads on both sides of the restaurant are so delicious.OMG THE DESSERT!!! Crepes made to order. Fabulous creme brule, and a variety of cupcakes that is so overwhelming. Cotton candy, ice cream, other tours if cakes, cobbler, bread pudding. If you want to try one buffet this should be it.
4	This is an excellent buffet for the price. Do not buy the groupon as you can get a cheaper deal from the tickets tonight booth (50% off!). The unlimited drinks option is not worth it as the service is very slow so you will only get 1 refill. The line is very long and moves extremely slowly. Try to go around 6pm as the wait is much longer around 7pm or 8pm. They say Monday is one of their busiest days. I think it is well worth the wait though, because the stations have so many options. The crab, fish and chips, american station, Mediterranean and dessert station were the highlights for me. Overall, this buffet is great value and the food is pretty decent. The fish and chips, crab and dessert station are really good! I'd spend most of your time there :)
3	Out of the 3 buffets we ate at from our Buffet of Buffets tour while in Vegas, this was the best one out of the three.The variety they has wasn't bad and I especially liked the prime rib the most since it was served medium rare and wasn't tough or chewy like the one at Paris buffet. The crab legs were also good and I was only able to eat a few since I was so tired of eating the same foods after three buffets.The interesting new items I tried were the country fried chicken in little small baskets which was tasteless and very bland. It was moist and juicy, but lacked any flavor. I also was able to try the fish and chips also served in small baskets and it also lacked any real flavor. It seriously needed some tarter sauce to help give it some taste.The dessert area looked great with the many different kinds of cupcakes they had with multiple flavors to choose from. Too bad I wasn't able to sample any, but I did have the vanilla ice cream and it was just terrific. I'm not sure how they make it from custard cream, but it makes a big difference from your standard ice cream. It was very smooth and creamy like. My gf had the cotton candy from here and it was a nice big size plus I was surprised she was able to finish it after her meal. Good buffet option for me to come here again the next time in Vegas and to come here first on my next tour of buffet of buffets.
2	I am extremely unsatisfied with the purchase I made for Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood.I got in about 9:45 pm. My friend went to go find parking and I waited in short, yet slow line to go in. After waiting in line I showed them my Groupon they said I had to pay the tax on it. It was about 4 dollars, but I didn't have it on me since I didn't expect to pay anything additional. Usually if there is any additional fees the Groupon would state it, I already talked to them about this. FYI prepare to pay the taxes on your Groupon there. I guess my fault for not having extra on me and leaving it in the car. Anyway, back to the buffet. The buffet closes at 11pm. I finally went around and saw the trays were empty and the food was cold. Just like everyone has been saying...the crab legs are cold and the butter looks like lard. The employees are more occupied with cleaning, rather than making sure the trays are warm. Cold food=not happy.I was looking forward to dessert since the food selection was bare and cold, and on the site it says that they have a Crepe station. I didn't see anyone at the station. After I had other dessert and was full, I saw the lady working the crepe station come back. Too late! To make matters worst, it was our last night in Las Vegas and we were supposed to go clubbing. Two of the friends felt too sick after the buffet and we didn't end up going :(The only thing I loved about this was that our waitress never once hesitated to refill our drinks and let us know all the selection that was available.While there I saw some girls flirting with the manager. They were given "to-go boxes." Two of them flirted and laughed with he manager as the other one filled boxes with desserts. I thought it was funny so I snapped some pictures. I don't want anyone to get in trouble, so I won't post. I asked the lady at one of the stations if I could take my cupcake and she said no food is allowed outside. Just a FYI- If you are with your girls I guess you might want to try your luck!
3	It was an okay buffet since it offered a lot of options. Don't expect fancy food though. Our server was nice but unfortunately, he had a big area so took a little long to get our drinks.
3	6 of us bought the groupon for $46 per couple for ayce & all you can drink. We arrived around 9:30pm & made line which was just dreadful. We probably had to stand in line for about 45min before finally getting to the registers, only to find out we still had to pay taxes ($11ish for 6 ppl) not that bad but give us the heads up ppl! The food was just meeeeh!!!! Im assuming it was because it was the end of the night. They do close at 11pm but we left a bit after midnight. Yes, we were the rowdy Mexicans who wouldn't leave because we wanted to keep on drinking ;) But thats because we didn't like the food so we opted to just drink! 3 stars for the great service from the waiter & the wine and beer. -2 stars for the food. . . I wouldn't go out of my way to pay full price for this place!
3	The food was ok...the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the dessert was amazing!!! The cupcakes were so moist, loved the all the mini tarts and the tiny strawberry shortcake was so pretty and was delicious.
4	This was our last buffet before our "Buffet of Buffets" pass expired. We arrived around 4pm. After getting the green light from the cashiers we waited in a line to be seated. We waited for about 10 mins, which we thought was quite long because there were open tables available! We also did not get much service from our server. Nevertheless, we were eventually seated and ready to explore the buffet.Spice Market Buffet had an excellent variety of food to choose from. They rival even Rio's! I really liked their lamb kabobs and pesto pasta. The asian selection was also great and they had jasmine rice in mini togo boxes which was "cute" remarked my cousin. This buffet had delicious food but their slow service was disappointing. I would visit again, depending on the price.My ranking of buffets1. Le Village Buffet (Paris)2. Carnival World Buffet (Rio)3. Spice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood)4. Flavors the Buffet (Harrah's)Didn't get to try the Paradise Garden Buffet at the Flamingo because we were too full!
3	The best part with this buffet is that they have the Mediterranean section.I tried a little bit of everything in my first plate and the second plate was all Mediterranean. It was that good.This is a note to myself - if I have a chance to come back to Spice Market Buffet, I should get Mediterranean again.
1	From the get-go, this place's customer service sucks. The cashier kept questioning me when I tried redeeming my $25.00 voucher offer. (The only reason why I was here). After verifying who I was and my age multiple times, I was then seated at my table in a very isolated section of the restaurant next to where to what seemed to be the dish washing area/drink refilling station. I came alone, and this just made me feel even lonelier. Afterwards I was greeted by a very polite server, who served me my drink. He was very courteous and welcoming, unfortunately I only saw him once......then briefly for a drink refill. After that, everyone was giving me a frown when asking for a refill. Now I was just feeling uncomfortable. The food selection was spread out around the restaurant according to the country of origin. If I wanted American food, I was within easy access. If I wanted chicken noodle soup, I would have to make a trek across the restaurant with a very hot plate in hand, with a bunch of people running straight at me. The food is no different than that of a hometown buffet, at times I felt like I was at one of those international buffets for 6.99 that you go into knowing your stomach was going to have a party afterwards, but this is $32.00!!!!!! I only paid 7.00 thanks to my voucher but even then I felt I over paid because this place was horrible.
3	Honestly, i enjoyed the food the last two times ive gone. But ive had their wine twice with my meal and ive gotten very sick afterwards to the point i vomit and don't eat until very late. I would say it is overpriced but arent all buffets expensive.
1	We arrived a little after 3pm with a group of 20, including 16 with Special Needs.  No line, plenty of empty tables and we gave our Groupons and had to pay $2.49 per person extra ( tax?).  They wanted us to pay $100 for gratuity to sit together in the same EMPTY area; another union rule.   More later on that.  I said no problem, we aren't moving since we were already seated, but told them they just lost any additional tip we were planning on leaving above the $100.  This is union policy, I was told again.  Well, keep your union policies.   Those are the workers the union protects..  Good for the union.  The service was awful, the food was just as bad and I would never recommend this place to anybody who has any food taste/class.   As soon as we finished, I had two vomit ( un- sweetened tea must have been off temperature).   None of us ate more than a bit of anything.  Most items weren't labeled so the one with a seafood allergy, ended up with seafood in the pasta.   Not labeled.   Chicken Noodle Soup isn't a selection of soup.  It was the only choice.   Desserts were just awful.   The best was the Ice Cream and it can from a machine.   Don't go,  not recommended; rather stay hungry than eat this rubbish.  Service was terrible, but then again, unions only hire the best workers...wrong...least motivated.... yes!   Fool me once...Never again.
3	This was a pretty good buffet.  We got there around 5 so just before dinner time rush.  It is a kind of weird set up where you wait in line to buy the buffet then get into another line to wait to be seated.  All in all took us 10-15 minutes to be seated.  The buffet is separated by region.  There is Italian, Mexican, soup, salad, Greek, seafood and dessert.  There was some good food and some not so good food but all in all it was tasty.  The service was pretty slow but they only had one server covering a large area. At one point a server and bus boy were having an argument and management had to come out and take care of it.  They handled everything right out on the floor which I thought was neither the time not place for that right next to our table.
1	Wow, even with low expectations, this place was awful.  There was over an hour wait, the waiting area was hot, and the food was actually bad.  Not just "not good" - it was bad.  We choked down some pasta and left asap.  Even with a Groupon, we felt like it was a bad decision.
2	Simply stated, not worth it by Vegas standards.My wife bought a groupon for 2 for $46.The good:We were seated rather quickly.  The service was pretty good.  Our table server was attentive and filled our waters and drinks pretty quickly.  The badThe restaurant was not exceptionally clean.  There were a number of tables that had not been cleaned and were waiting to be bussed.The restaurant has a strange layout.  The food is spread over a rather large area and broke into sections.  It gives a rather odd sense of not really knowing completely what is available.The disappointingThe food quality overall is just average at best.  There were a few things that were pretty good, however generally this buffet is similar to any international buffet in my hometown that you could go to for $15 or $20.  The crab legs were cold and clearly a smaller size than some of the other buffets in Vegas.  The sushi is terrible.  There was an abundance of low cost pasta dishes etc that fill you up, but are not very distinguishable etc.Ultimately, my meal wasn't awful, however I wouldn't return.  I only get the opportunity to go to Vegas once in a while, during my limited time there I rather go to one of the premier buffets.  Clearly, those buffets are more expensive, however I left feeling disappointed that I didn't take the opportunity to eat at a nicer place.  This place would be ideal for broke college students trying to fill their stomachs as inexpensive as possible with cheap food and all you can drink.
1	How this place won  6 yrs in row Best Buffet Award, is beyond me.Mediocre at best, I would not waste money in here, many more choices  to go to.
3	We came here by accident. I thought buffets of the buffets was in planet Hollywood. Since we were already here and starving we decided to give it a try. We came here around 5:30 for dinner. Dinner price was $40. The inside is small for a buffet. The food was okay. I expected a little better. They had a choice is sea food, italian, American, Asian, middle eastern, and Mexican. They also had a very big dessert area. I tried the following:Sea food-Sushi- a little hard not very good. They had a veggie roll, spicy tuna and California roll-Cocktail shrimp- decent -Crawfish with rice- pretty good -Crab legs- really good I had a whole plate of themShrimp penne with pesto- really good a must try Crab pasta Alfredo- really creamy and deliciousItalian-Pepperoni pizza slice- okay I could've probably skipped out on this -Blacked chicken pasta-  so good -Parmesan garlic wings- really great taste American-Pork loin- so juicy and amazing flavor -Steak- amazing it's cooked a little rare but it was just perfect -Mac and cheese- it was alright just had about 2 spoons AsianLow mein- not a fan it was a little flavor less Fried rice- was good but definitely have had better Egg roll- good Over all the food was okay. I would've rather paid $10 to Wicked Spoon. The good here just seemed like they heated it up in the microwave. The service was good. I left happy and stuffed which is what I wanted.
2	I'll start off by saying I'd rate the food 4 stars but 0 for customer service. This place has an insanely long line during dinner. Just when you get all excited and pay, and just when you think you're finally going to get to eat....BAM! Another long line just to be seated. On this second line they basically seat you the way they like, even though you're first in line they can pick anybody that behind you based on party number. Maybe if my husband and I had 4 imaginary friends we could've sat sooner instead of having like 4 different groups that were way behind in line, get seated before us.I can definitely appreciate that all the food types visibly  labeled throughout the buffet but this layout made searching for good exhausting. I practically didn't realize there was an entire other half of stuff available until my husband kept returning to the table with new items that I had misssd. When we finally sat at our table I was on my second plate before a waiter finally showed up. He showed up while I was chewing my food and noticed it was taking me a bit so he decided he was going to continue to a different table.  This just about pissed me off and I had to flag him back to our table. After this initial encounter he never came back to check on us. Upon leaving we noticed a multitude of  vacant tables with yet still a long line. The ribs, fruit tarts, paella, and several other food Items were the jam. I am hesitant to give this place a second chance. Sadly, terrific food does not make up for piss poor customer service.P.s...did anyone figure out where the ketchup was? There were like 3 different bowls of marinara sauce but not one for ketchup?
4	Fast line for the food since it's a Tuesday. Went here for lunch and I'd recommend this for people who love to eat American/ comfort foods. Fish and chips, ribs, and quesadillas. Definitely try their couscous!!! So delicious the flavors exploded in my mouth. Top it off with their glazed carrots. Waiter was kind but kinda slow. It's okay since the buffet was $20/ person. They have lots of pasta like seriously lots. Lasagna, mac and cheese, penne pesto, pizza, etc! Plus lots of vegetarian choices including Mexican. I dare you to make yourself a milkshake. Ask the waiter for a  separate cup and run to the dessert section. Their vanilla soft serve is surprisingly different and creamier. Toppings are glazed strawberries, Oreos, and Heath. My favorite. Put strawberries on the bottom of the cup then swirl up the vanilla ice cream til the top and put more strawberries and finish it with whipped cream. Try it!!!! They have a lot of cupcakes too. It's decent. Go for the couscous.
3	There are a few good things, there are very few great things, but there are a whole lot of things and they never run out! The seafood is decent, and I can never resist a red slab of prime rib...or two...or three. This buffet wouldn't be my first choice, but we got the 24-hour pass, which is a pretty sweet all-you-can-gorge deal. Hey, there are worse ways to end a Vegas meal than a cupcake and a little creme brulee...
1	I was there during the 4th of July weekend,  worst buffet In Las Vegas,  $40.00/pp, drinks are extra.
5	This buffet has to be one of my favorite buffets to go to in Las Vegas. There is a little bit of wait. It's always crowded but the food is worth the wait!!!
2	The staff here was awful! There was a huge line and four people just standing around not helping anyone. We even asked what the problem was and were informed that only one person was qualified to operate the register. Once we were seated, twenty minutes later with only a couple in front of us, the waitress we had was in a poor mood and not polite at all. I will say that the food was great, minus the American section, but it was quite pricy. The help at this restaurant definitely ruined the experience and we will not be returning.
3	Decent Buffett. Great number of choices and food was fresh.  The all you can drink option definitely differentiates the buffet.  Would go back.
4	I'm not sure what everyone is talking about when they refer to the quality of the food. We went at lunch for the Groupon deal which included 37.98 for all you can drink for two with your two buffet entries. Even before we got there the price alone sold us. When we arrived we had a short wait in line, nothing too crazy. Were seated quickly and immediately hopped on the food line. Oh boy was I impressed with the selection. The middle eastern section was by far my favorite, and this is mainly because I've found it extremely hard to find a buffet that can pull it off correctly. But this is the one!As far as the American food... Two must haves - Mac and Cheese, and their Au Gratin Garlic Potatoes...Wow, was I drooling right after our meal...One thing that does annoy me about the Soup bars here in Vegas, its almost always Chicken noodle and Minestrone wherever we go. How about some Tomato Bisque or Broccoli Cheddar soup! Variety!The only negative things I would say is that there service was decent. Nothing spectacular from our server but nothing terrible so it was slightly above average.  He could have been a bit better but was personal and didn't get behind even though they started getting busy. Even though gratuity was included with our deal, we still tipped....even though he was Patriots fan haha.All in all,  you can't beat the price and compared to the other buffets on the strip, this one didn't fall short on food category for myself! TRY IT!
5	What's up with the reviews? People be complaining bout the customer service like come on bro its a buffet its self service, get your ass up and do it yourself. The food is great here. Big selection of food, from asian to mexican to mediterranean. Won't be coming back here though because its LV and there's so much more to try out there in the strip.
1	I used to love this buffet. It had great hot crab legs and everything else was at least good if not great every time I had gone before. Well, no more. They took away the hot crab. I am so disappointed. The rest of the food is hit or miss. The last trip we went some of the food had been sitting out too long and was cold/crunchy. The pork (carnitas) taos was the best thing I ate that night. Hard to make up $45 for a buffet with tiny carnitas tacos... And the service wasn't great either. We got ignored half the time by our waitress. All I wanted wsa some napkins and a tea refill.When we first got there I was lookiing for the hot crab legs they used to have and couldn't find them so I asked a cook behind the serving station "Do you still have hot crab legs?" He said "We are unable to answer your questions. If you need an answer talk to your waiter". Ok... A simple no would have sufficed. When I got to dessert I was thinking of all the yummy things I had got there before (creme brulee, tarts, little cakes...) no, only a few sad little cupcakes and none of them tasted good. I had actually tasted some last visit and liked them so I don't know what happened. But the whole quality of this buffet has gone way downhill. So sad :-(
1	This buffet was disgusting. I have never wasted so much food in my life. Everything was very bland. Flavorless. Even the desserts were a huge let down. A bunch of nasty cupcakes and flan that tasted like nothing at all. Don't waste your money here.
3	It certainly wasnt bad, I normally like the world buffet at the rio, but we decided to try this.  About the same price and what I feel like was a slightly better selection.  Lots and lots of options including a seafood station even at lunch.  Everything I tried was pretty awesome.  I had one complaint that the wait atafg was very slow with refilling our drinks and clearing plates but they all were very pleasant.  The same cannot be said for the people who you pay and ring you up and our hostess almost seemed bothered that she had to seat us.  They (much like every other buffet here) put the worlds most unpleasant people there.
2	We only went in because of the groupon deal for two dinners and a bottle of champaigne. I had never been to this buffet, and I was pleased to see no line. Most of the workers were rude and straight faced. A lady came up to us and asked of we needed anything, and walked away before we had time to answer. The food was bland, and had been sitting there a while (crab legs smelled extra fishy, turkey breast was extra dry and hard). On a positive note, the roasted carrots with raisins and almonds, and the flan were excellent and they had a good selection of cupcakes and dinner rolls. The cleanliness of the place was acceptable, and they had a restroom conveniently located so I could wash my hands from the crab leg juice. There is absolutely no cellphone signal (buffet located at ground level) and the hotel charges you $13.99 to use their wifi per 24hr period. Very unlilely for me to return.
3	The food was okay. Tasted like microwavable dinners.   You get what you pay for.  I'd rather pay more to eat at a good buffet.  We paid $40 for 2 dinners.
2	For a pretty cool hotel & casino, this is a pretty terrible buffet. I came here eons ago for dinner, and thought it was awful... Years later, I come in for some breakfast and it was... Still terrible. Different course menu, same end result. It's no wonder it's never busy.The food is obviously drying up under the heat lamps, and none of it is fresh. You know that one dish you keep going back to? Well this buffet didn't even have that for me. The variety SHOULD be ample, but it really wasn't. The pancakes and waffles tasted like cardboard. Just wouldn't come back here again. Had better buffets for $4.99 at The Red Rock.
1	The staff were all very polite. The place was clean. I bought the all you can drink wine and was please that the waitress did keep my glass full. The good stops there. The food was awful. There was a large variety of food, but the only thing that tasted good was the prime rib. Some of the food was cold, the rest just didn't taste good at all. We sampled a little from each station, and we didn't eat a full plate of food between the two of us. This is no place for a foodie. The dessert station greets you as you wait to be seated, and it looks delicious. I got two cupcakes and could not eat either of them. One bite and I was done. They were awful. If I didn't use a coupon, I would have been very, very, very upset. We had half off coupons from one of the street vendors. So I didn't fell too bad about paying for such a disappointing dinner.
2	Cons:*Pretty damn expensive, considering what they offer ($32 for the weekend brunch)*No crab legs *Food temperatures range from lukewarm to ice cold*Every meat item was dry as hell*No crab legs*Everything tasted pretty bad*There are better buffets in vegas for under 10 bucks *IT WAS OVER $30 AND NO CRAB LEGSPros:*The line was pretty short (It was almost empty at lunchtime on a saturday, go figure)*They have cotton candy
1	No snow crab in lunch, everything is bad. No worth for the holiday price $30+ per person.
4	Check Groupon for great 2 for 1 deals. They come up fairly often.The last 3 times I've been in town I also happened to find my way here. The food is good, but I can see why some aren't as thrilled with it as I am. For the regular price, this place is not worth it. However, I've been fortunate to always find a 2 for 1 on Groupon. The last time we went here the Groupon was a 2 for 1 with a bottle of champagne. Not shabby at all.When I come here I go for their prime rib which is always exceptionally made. I also like that their crab legs are sliced open so that I don't have to use my crab cracking skills to open my son's & boyfriend's crab legs. More crab time for me! :DThe desserts are ok. They have a crepe station, but the crepes are pre-made. :/This place can get a very long wait line. The first time I was here I waited almost 2 hrs.! That's a bit too long to wait when you're starving. Found out though that you can call and they will let you know over the phone how long the line is so that you don't have to waste your time waiting in line. Why waste your time in line when you can waste your time drinking? You can also waste your time wasting your money. :D
2	Waitress was amazing. Didn't really eat too much...thankfully because after we were all done, and about to leave, a cockroach was running all over our table. Two waitresses saw it, one caught it with a napkin and disposed of it, kinda seemed like a normal ordeal to them. When there is one, you know there's more. So I'd just be careful if you end up eating there.
5	Well, I can't imagine the Spice Market Buffet has an overall rating of three stars.  I have three words:  It is great.Great selection, very fresh, very good taste on all dishes (and I eat all of the dishes), high quality ingredients, the staff and chefs are very helpful and friendly.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  This is my favorite buffet and beats all others that I have tried, hands down.
1	Expensive and salty... Nothing was memorable kinda disappointed
3	This buffet was good. There was great food, and there was meh food. The service was all right, nothing special. The negative was that getting through the line to pay and to a table took forever, and we were the first ones in line! It seems like they were short of staff that day or something. Anyway, I would eat here again, especially if I were staying in the hotel.
3	We got the 24hr pass for 3 people w/c cost us $210 bucks which is a little pricey for people that don't eat much but worth it if you eat a lot! Foods were okay and VIP service was good. I had warm crab legs straight from their kitchen, Asian foods, salad, and curry. Not something that you can enjoy and savor but fills you up
3	Pretty good option for lunch buffet (with the buffet pass).
3	Overall this is just an A-OK buffet on the strip; I truly believe that there is almost always an equal sign (=) in between the quality of food and the price tag. The only one thing I have remembered from this place is the cotton candy while everything else is just average.  I don't think I will come back unless I get to eat here free of charge and do not have to wait in line at all, which is too good to be true, isn't it? teeheee :Pin brief, I would pay a little bit more for some better buffets nearby.
2	Went here for the lunch buffet/early dinner last week and overall I was disappointed right from the get go. First of all I waited in line for what seemed forever because the hostess was to busy talking to a co-worker and was actually eating something. Once I got past that I went to the table where it took a good 10 to 15 min for them to bring out a iced tea. As far as the food that I had the crab legs where decent there just wasn't a lot of meat but I expected that for a lunch buffet. However I had to really look around to find anything else that was edible and really didn't have any success. The seafood other than the crab legs and shrimp looked bad. The Italian food looked like it had been sitting all day. The American station wasn't appealing at all. They did have flank steak on the craving station but I didn't try that because I had some kind of other beef from the middle Eastern station and it was really tough. The desserts where awful took a couple and just took a bite and threw them away. Also the whole time I was there nobody came to pick up plates and the whole section I was in was the same way. I think there are better options than eating here and I probably wouldn't go back.
3	Pros:- Buffet was located downstairs in the casino (fancy)- Had a wide selection of foods from different places: Mexican, Mediterranean, Italian, American, Asian- Price was affordable- Our waiter was very funny and attentiveCons:- Food was a bit too much on the salty side, expected it to be slightly better but that's alright
2	Skip it, Seriously, even if you have the buffet of buffets pass save that stomach space for elsewhere. While i was here i saw them refilling buffet items from cans. The food that wasn't being refilled looked like it had been sitting out for hours. I tried a few things crab legs, meats, pasta etc. None of it was any good. Meat was dry and the crab legs were still frozen. I eventually gave up on the regular selections and just high tailed it to the desserts, cause those should be good right? Wrong, didn't even finish a cupcake. I went on a weeknight around 8pm. The place was practically empty. In town with so much amazing food i can't think of any reason i would return to this buffet.
4	One of buffet from buffet of buffet,  get here for breakfast,  they had international choice to choose,  so pick whatever you are in the mood for except for Mexican, soup and salad bars are closed.
4	Loved this buffet! There was a fantastic spread at Spice Market. Although I do wish there was more variety in the Mexican section. The deserts were awesome! Overall we loved this buffet. We had two Groupons here but were only able to use one (the Lunch buffet with a bottle of wine). Staff was very friendly and attentive. We will totally come back to this spot next time we're in town!
4	I can't believe the overall rating is only three stars. Yes, it's a buffet, and no, it isn't in the same league as the top-tier buffets on the Strip (Caesar's, Wynn, Bellagio), but I went here twice for breakfast on my most recent Vegas trip and came away very impressed.I'm not a big breakfast guy, but the selection was wide. The wait staff was extremely attentive and always made sure our drinks were full. Prices were reasonable for the breakfast buffet ($17 and change per person), and the atmosphere is nice. It's a great place to grab breakfast, even speaking as someone whose first meal of the day is usually lunch.
2	Arrived early on a Sunday night.  There was hardly anyone in front of us in line, yet it took FOREVER.  Still don't get it, as it took us very little time to pay when we got up there.  (yes, added a tip).  Then it took somewhat forever again before someone seated us.  Took off for the buffet, and was seriously UNimpressed!  Favorite part for me (the ONLY part) was the Italian section. Meatballs and sausage were good.  Liked that they had crushed red pepper to kick things up. Broccolini good.  After that I had a hard time finding anything that looked edible.  Even the seafood section was only so-appealing.  Had a couple crab legs (ice cold) and okay.  The other fish selections didn't make me want them.Husband was raving over a pork taco in the Mexican section.  They were out of them when I went up there.  Later found one and it was okay.  Nobody working there seemed glad to be there (especially the folks replenishing the food).  Kinda sad that I wasted my limited Vegas time and money here, honestly.
4	excellent buffet at excellent price. we got the 24 hour pass and it was an amazing deal. the buffet had everything you can want and all was very fresh.
3	The Spice Market Buffet, located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino is an average buffet that focuses on typical American entrees, but also offers a decent variety of different ethnic foods. After purchasing the buffet of buffets 24hr pass my friends and I decided to give the Spice Market a try. We came in at around 10:30AM, so we were lucky to have both breakfast and lunch entrees. The decor is simplistic, perhaps a bit too simplistic, especially for a popular hotel that is on the strip. The staff was adequate and the wait times weren't too long.The food was average at best. There weren't any distinctive entrees. I expected some nice sandwiches, soups, salads, and breakfast specialties. Unfortunately there were no sandwiches but there was an adequate carving station that offered some decent prime rib. Overall the Spice Market Buffet is a bit of a let down, but considering the list of buffets to choose from the buffet of buffets, the Spice Market isn't that bad of a choice. But if you decide to pay full price for the Spice Market then I'd advise you to go somewhere else, especially since there's so many great buffet options in Vegas. To good eatings.
3	SLow service, paid for all you can drink beer , but good luck finding waitress to get a 2nd drink. Seafood selection was surprisingly good and fresh compared to the rest of the buffet. Dessert section was a major let down
3	I'm not normally a buffet person, but after getting out of a full morning of meetings, my colleagues and I were starving. It was around 2 pm, and after wandering around the mall, looking for something semi-decent, we desperately stopped in here. To say that my expectations were low would be under-selling it. This is not like the Bacchanal or the buffet in the Bellagio. This is more like a fancier Golden Corral or Furrs Cafeteria.  There two decent sized salad bars, plenty of cheeses, breads and cured meats, and an around the world theme with different stations with different themes.  I really enjoyed the broccolini in the Italian section, and the mashed potatoes in the American section. Everything else was fairly unmemorable. The fish and chips was pretty greasy, the pizza was bland. The hummus was mediocre. The major reasons to come here are the price and convenience. With the Ceasars Total Rewards card, you get the weekday lunch buffet for $17.
3	I wanted to give this place more stars, but it felt like a very uneven experience. The buffet is a solid size. Everyone working was very friendly and attentive.Buffet is set up in sections. Mexican, Asian, Italian, Seafood, Mediterranean, salad and desserts. Hopefully I'm not leaving any out.The Italian and Mediterranean were fantastic! Especially the Mediterranean: lamb, mango chutney, best feta I've ever had.However, Mexican, and Asian were not up to par for me. Desserts were also awesome.Another minor minor complaint, was the utensils to grab food at the buffet are metal and they are in very hot dishes. So sometimes the metal utensils are too hot to grab. Maybe I'm the only one! I would go again, but stick with Italian, Mediterranean and desserts.
5	My husband and I stopped by here for dinner on the way to our hotel after the show. We did not know what expect, especially that we went to Caesars palace buffet the night before and were so disappointed. Here, it was not super busy but selection was very good, a lot to choice from, and excellent , excellent quality of food and bakery!!!!! My husband is peaky eater, and normally at buffets he leaves food that he does not like. This time, his plates were empty!!!! Meat has been done perfect !!!! Crab legs were very good, so is seafood in general!!! We liked it a lot, so the morning before we left Vegas, we stopped there for breakfast!!! It was another winner!!! Smoothes, selection of different type of eggs were great. Crepe station and bakery were excellent. Omelets were super!!! My favorite is eggs with spinach &mushrooms, omg, taste of heaven.     :)
2	Nothing to write home about at Spice Market Buffet.  We ate here out of sheer convenience since we were staying at PH and needed a quick breakfast.  There was a variety of foods, but meh.  No one went back up for seconds.  I wouldn've been even more disappointed if I wasn't able to expense that meal.  Take a cab down to Hash House... its worth the cab fare and getting up early!
2	Pretty disappointed. Although this place brought back found memories of my elementary school cafeteria... It was a far cry from the expectation set by Bellagio and Ceasars.  Save yourself the cash and play it on black. This place had great service, with cold, mediocre food at best.
3	Typically buffet. Dried out food and over priced. Don't go without a discount of some kind. Go the Denny's for breakfast instead.
1	Pathetic and stale food. The lamb skewers and chicken curry was hard, cold and tasteless respectively. Tried the crab cakes and was very disappointed. Maybe coz I have recently been spoiled living in Boston.Update: Later that night my fried who was with me threw up and guess what the undigested contents were? Also, this place is overpriced, with deceptive advertising. All through the casino they are advertising a $12 buffet and when you stand in a line for 5-7 minutes you get stiffed with an almost $60 charge for 2 which is prepaid - so you don't really have an option.(FYI- this review is from April 2011. It was sitting in the 'drafts folder of my Yelp account)
1	We had the lunch buffet with all you can drink mimosas.  The greeter offered to let us look at the food before purchasing and we should have listened to her.  Positive - our waitress was greatNegative - very expensive, food was dried out, cold when should have been warm, warm if supposed to be cold, pineapple was bruised all over.  I was surprised they put it out.  How do you screw up Mexican rice?  They figured it out.  How do you screw up bacon?  They mastered it.  Everything was gross - even the egg rolls.  I was shocked that my husband grabbed the eggs Benedict.  It was so NASTY!!  The place had few people so we should have known better.  The pico de gallo was old and obviously stored for awhile.  We should not have eaten here.  We were only here for one more day and we wasted it here.  I would never recommend this place!!
5	Loved the fact that the chef Jessie Aquino willing walked me through the Buffett to show me the gluten free items, I was shocked to see so many options! Loved the crab!!!! Loved the fact that he was so knowledgeable of gluten (he actually just finished the FAI training) so I felt secure and for the first time in ages I am not ill 2 days later
3	Umm...four Category: Middle Eastern, Italian, Mexican and & Seafood. Sounds good...but no. Each selection had a few items to choose from. I would say, 4-5 items per category...that's pretty bad for the amount being spent. Seafood was enjoyable, but everything was not. Should have gone to M or Rio, only reason why I gave them a shot was bc we booked a room here. First and last time here. Buffet should have a large selection for top dollars...I don't mind paying $40-$50 if it's has a bigger selection. Dessert was good...their flan is awesome and they have cotton candy.  but can your money worth elsewhere.
3	Our $45.98 Groupon for "two dinner buffets with unlimited drinks" expired a few weeks ago but we used the paid value of it towards our meal. We bought the Groupon months ago with the intention to use it that day, but when we arrived there was a line all the way through the regular turnstile, up the escalator, and nearly out the door to the Miracle Mile Shops. We avoided this buffet for months, thinking it was this crowded all the time. We went Halloween night and there was NO ONE in line. I was told this was a "slow" season.We are Total Rewards (players card) members and expected to pay $27.99 each, minus the Groupon credit. However, the "NEW PRICING" prices noted on the website menu http://bit.ly/1u7By0S were not the actual prices. The cashier said the prices increased, and in fact they increased a few hours before we arrived. Our new price for Total Rewards members was $29.99 plus tax. That was a bit disappointing, and we suggested they update the website immediately.Total of $77.76 for buffet for two wasn't a great value overall (we get free buffets often at Silverton, The M, and Stations Casinos), but I suppose our fault for buying the Groupon not knowing the lines would be so long at the time we wanted to be there in the first place.Service was good. Food selection was all good and tasty except for the baklava which was stiff. The chardonnay house wine was very cheap and sugary in my opinion. I would not do the all-you-can-drink next time. Better to buy a quality glass of wine in the casino and bring it in.There was a photographer taking those "tourist" photos and trying to sell a pair of pics for $20. We didn't care for that, and we didn't appreciate that she assumed we were tourists. Locals like us are just as much of the clientele around this town.If the price was lower and if they'd upgrade the house wine selection, we'd go again.
2	The food here was ok, pretty typical buffet place. The prime rib was good though and they had a wide selection of foods.The desserts looked pretty good but i was a little disgusted when a roach crawled on my arm while i was eating my last plate that i just stopped eating and left.
3	Visited late afternoon, and most of the food seemed like it was sitting for a while.  It took a while before anyone told me I had to ask the server to bring steamed crab legs rather than get them on ice. Too bad the server only came around every 15 minutes so I had to wait for my warm crab.  Nothing spectacular food wise, but they do have cotton candy for dessert.
2	I wouldn't give it 2*s if they wouldn't have crab legs and a decent waitress. The food....skip it....the whole place has a hometown buffet energy to it...just sad....even the smell is akward.  Why would u put a restaurant in the basement area??? Smh....
5	Overall pretty good experience. The line was long, but they moved through it fairly quickly. Waitress was extremely nice and on point. I tried a bit of everything and everything was pretty good the best section by far is the Middle Eastern.. Eat the lamb kabobs and baba!
2	This buffet is a very poor value for the high costs.  My wife & I were very disappointed with the quality of both their food and service.  There are many other options available for your buck.
3	This buffet is one of the average buffets in las vegas. The selection is decent but not spectacular . I was disappointed with the dessert options especially after experiencing the amazing desserts at the paris buffet. Personally I liked the convenience of going to the V theater show and eating here right after. I purchased the buffet of buffet deal and I personally wouldn't go back to this buffet unless I had this deal.
4	Ready nice buffet. Everything was fresh abd looked good too.  Pineapple curry tilapia, bbq ribs, flank steak, three cheese lasagna all stand outs.  Some interesting choices as well apricot ham, Mac and cheeses balls, pork baroca burritos all good to. But I spent my extra stomach space on dessert. ... cupcakes to die for! Strawberry shirt cake and mint chocolate chip were best.  Really I ate $21 worth.   They also have crepe bar to make what you want, how you want it.  For lunch it's going to be enough to fill me up thru dinner.
4	Dinner and lunch is very different. We only went during brunch. I liked that they had a variety. No crab but they did have cooked mussels, shrimp pasta, and baked cod. There mid-eastern was good and the only buffet that had this. Love their chicken curry.
4	Was really good I did the 24 hour buffet at  this place it was real good I loved it no complaints other than the long line The desserts were kind of on the low side though
3	This buffet has gone down hill significantly over the years. Foods are average quality at best. Asian selections are down right nasty, simply inedible. It is on par with Panda Express. The other ethnic foods are just OK, not worth the full price of $30 for dinner.
4	Very decent buffet with wide range of variety. You can find everything from crab legs to prime rib, flan and crepes. I must highlight the server lady for her excellent service despite the demand from dinner crowd. All in all, we like it, worth your money.
3	Decent lunch buffet..They had a Mediterranean/Indian , chinese, mexican, seafood, american, salad section..
5	I went there twice during my stay at planet hollywood and I loved it so much!There was a long line around 6:30pm but I am a platinum member of total rewards program so I was able to skip the line. No wait at all!This place is busy but their servers are so quick and efficient! One came to our table probably 4 times to make sure everything was ok. I liked their seafood and asian section. Well their Italian and American food were also good so in other words everything was good!Just a side note, the iced tea that I got was so tasty as well!I would definitely go back.
1	I wish I can put this with no stars, most of the food was disgusting, not only this, the lady on the cashier was so rude, the only good thing was the server she was smiling all the time and came to our table several time to check if we need anything, I paid $82 for two persons but honestly, i shouldn't paid $5 for this
4	Came here for dinner and almost solely for the crab legs.  And roast beef and bbq ribs.  And desserts.  and fruits.It was pretty empty during a mid-December, mid-week exploration so wife and I practically had clear sights to the food and friendly and attentive wait staff.
5	I loved this place. We came across this place while walking the strip. A promoter gave us a wrist band to the club but we ended up going to the buffet instead. The food was amazing. The crab legs were to die for. Our servers were top notch & were constantly visiting our group making sure we had refills & more crab legs. The dessert was soooo good. They have everything you can imagine. I will be back!
1	I've been here many times before and it was good enough for us to come back. However, this time I couldn't find any single item that I liked. I tried many different things until I don't want to eat any more. Won't be coming back again for sure.
1	Rude people. Terrible food. We bought the buffet pass and had 24 hours to eat as much as we wanted! But since 2 of the buffets that counted towards our pass were closed and and the other was across town, that left Planet Hollywood. We ate there twice and couldn't go back.
1	Yikes! Where to start?! I'm pretty easy going, so buffets are generally always a good thing.  Unfortunately, Spice Market didn't deliver.  First, while eating the food, I watched the chefs use their bare hands to transfer food from dish to dish (yes, the food you eat!)  Generally, I'm not a big complainer, but when you go from ready to serve food, to your dish towel, and back to ready to serve food...I'm less than thrilled.  Next, I watched the same chef take food OFF of a customer's plate, and place it back into the serving line! Oh my! Glad I didn't eat the prime rib, because she served the SAME piece back to ANOTHER customer!As for the food? More than half of what I ate was cold, or lukewarm at best.  I actually had my waitress test the sliders, as it was still mostly frozen! Such a waste!Also, for a place with such good reviews on the desserts, I can't say that I was at all impressed.  With so many choices, and not a single label identifying what any of them are, how do you know what to try?  Those that I did try were totally bland and tasteless.  So disappointed in this Buffet!
4	Diverse, plentiful buffet. Great options ranging from seafood, Italian, Mexican, middle eastern, soup and salad stations. Went for lunch and everything was well prepared. The seafood was a little skimpy with just stuffed sole am mussels as the features. No lobster or crab. Most of the station had some breakfast items despite it being after 2 PM. Still the food was quality and plenty of variety. The pastries and desserts were exceptional, especially the cupcakes. The middle eastern chicken and lamb were also standouts.
4	Decent food selection and never experienced a wait in line during my visits there to date.  Interesting also that cotton candy has been included in their dessert selection from time to time.
2	Pros: line moves faster than the other Buffet of Buffets lines we've been inCons: the food is nothing special. We came for lunch and dinner since we stayed at PH and were disappointed both times. The food was very ordinary and doesn't live up to the Vegas Buffets expectations.
5	For a buffet, this place is really good. One of the best I've ever had in Vegas. The food had good flavor. I'm a big dessert person and they have a huge selection from gourmet cupcakes, cotton candy, and creme brulee! I would definitely come back. Just don't expect this place to be a 5 star restaurant
4	One of the biggest varieties of all Vegas buffets. We had lunch and it was excellent. The food isn't all 5-star quality, but given the sheer variety of foods available, I enjoyed my experience here.
1	This place was the worse buffet yet. A hard stiff fish that was diagusting. The ribs were so dry. The pasta was flavorless.  The turkey was drier than ever.  It was just really gross food.
4	I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas - they are great places for the indecisive and hungry.  This is by far the best and most unique one that I've been to on the  strip.  This is the first one I've seen that has a 'Mediterranean' station with kebab and all the fixings.  They also had cotton candy and an extensive dessert bar.  Everything was seasoned just right - not too bland, not too salty/sweet, and it didn't look like things had been sitting out all day. The endless mimosas during the weekend brunch poured freely by our server aren't hurting this review either.  Try it out!
2	The quality has gone down compared to about half a year ago. Crab legs and prime ribs are so so. The desserts are below average.
