4	Check out the Wreck...these sandwiches are yummy delicious!!  Also, the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are fantastic.  The staff is friendly and genuinely seem to love their jobs.  Sometimes they have live acoustic guy-and-a-guuitar music, which is cool.  A new one just opened in the mall. 4 stars.
5	My favorite place for a sandwich in all of Madison.  Possibly all of the world.  Roast beef sandwich is especially good.  The spices are special.  Delicious chocolate malts.  A great place to meet up.  The line, even when long, progresses quickly.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
4	Fast and tasty sandwiches, good baked goods and soups, and a wide array of micro-brew-y beverages.That said, their occasional live entertainment can be irritatingly faux-Joanna Newsom-y.
5	Now why hasn't Potbelly made it to the East and West Coasts yet? That boggles the mind... I discovered it at this location in Madison, and I love it! The sandwiches are really tasty (I usually get the turkey breast), and are just about the right size. They're also much cheaper than at Subway for instance. I also really enjoy the large selection of soft drinks, and especially the IBC root beer and cream soda. The soups are also very good. On top of that, the store is cozy and pretty cool looking... it just not feel like your usual fast food place. Probably my favorite chain for sandwiches.
5	Love it.I wish Potbelly would expand to my neck of the woods.  I love everything about them.  Fast and delicious sandwiches, lots of drink options, and yummy cookies.  I'm partial to a variation on the meatball sandwich (though their signature sandwiches are very tasty and far more original) and sugar-cane-cola.  Subway and Quizno's should tremble at the mere notion that Potbelly could invade the coasts.  If they brought their army of friendly and capable staffers with them, they could easily take over around here.
4	I know it's probably un-healthy, but I think their sandwiches are pretty delicious. The sandwich hits the spot quit well especially when you're starving for a late lunch around 2pm. What I love are the extra stuff they put on your order (of course they're optional, but I put everything on - I can't do without pickles and jalepeno pepper). I really enjoyed the veggie mushroom sandwich, but i got turned off just a bit when I realized how greasy it looked with the melted cheese .... . The service is quick. The staff are very friendly. And as everyone mentions, the price is awesome (especially for students).
5	My favorite sandwich place ....ABSOLUTELY!I love their Italian sandwich......also their meatball one....they know how to make it delish without making it soggy with the sauce.I think their store on state st is pretty cool...love sitting there and chatting with the wife.
5	I love, LOVE the vegetarian sandwich without oil on it (there's just nothing sexy about oil dripping all over the place while you're trying to eat a sandwich).  It has everything I like (mushrooms, cheese *and* hot peppers!) rolled up in one hot & crispy sandwich!  Mmm....love at first taste...
3	As I walked in on a dreary and rainy Thursday afternoon, my spirits were immediately uplifted as the soft music drifted over me.  I was wondering who was the artist when I turned and saw that he was right there sitting on a stage playing and singing with his guitar.  How great is that?!Ah, but we are here for the food--definitely a contender against any other sub place in Madison.  Great, fresh & friendly service.  I really like the oil they have for some of their sandwiches.  And I love, love their hot peppers...I bought a whole bottle.  A good place to stop for breakfast/lunch/dinner--and I would encourage you to dine in--anytime you are on State Street.  Not only is it a great place for food (yes breakfast too) but it's an even better place to spend time with good company.
2	I don't understand why people think this place is so amazing?  I don't care for the cattle like way they shew you through the ordering process and their food really isn't that good!  Maybe I'm just missing the boat here.They make a killer cookie shake though!
5	People are always friendly! AcutalIy am not sure why I am writing a review, I should be over there eating a sandwich! :)
3	They make good sandwiches. My friendordered a vegetarian sandwich and lo and behold, I liked it, so that says a lot about their ingredients. But, I don't think it's worthy of a lot of return trips.   Better than Silver Mine Sandwiches, but not as good as the Old Fashioned.
5	Their roast beef sandwich is great. They also have delicious pickled vegetables.
5	This place is really a great place for college students. Fast service, good food, and fantastic prices. Definitely one of the better restaurants on State Street.
2	I don't understand why people love it so much, I think they're just like a sandwich you could make in 2 minutes at your house.  I guess it's cheap semi-healthy fastfood, just not for me.
4	Since discovering Potbelly, I will not go anywhere else for a quick sub-style sandwich. They just do everything better then Subway or Quiznos, and by a large margin. The meats and vegetables are of better quality and fresher, the bread tastes better, the extras (drinks, soups, chips, cookies. shakes) are tastier and more interesting, and the people are nicer. I have found this to be true at several locations.They also allow local musicians to play in the restaurants on some designated days. It's a nice thought, but I don't really think it adds much to the restaurant. Points for trying to reach out to the local community, though.
3	It was ok. Definitely better than subway or quiznos. Nothing I would go out of my way to get.
5	So good! The mix of the hot bread, meat, and cheese with the cold toppings and mayo is delicious. Perfect place to go when you need a quick bite that isn't the more traditional fast food. Their cookies and bars are addictive. They have lots of fun drinks in a cooler and very good potato salad. A few different flavors of kettle cooked chips. All in all, a great stop for a good sandwich meal.
3	Agreeing with Gabrielle about the weird set-up and ordering process. You make your order to one person at the beginning of a very tall counter, a second rings you up at the end of the counter, then you go back to the beginning of the counter to order any additional ingredients to the second person. Very awkward.Great location for picnics at the fountain or on Lake Mendota. It's not as good as what you can make and pack from quality ingredients, but it is convenient. Based on the (new) Mediterranean sandwich I tried, PB's flavors are more intense than Subway's (thanks, in part, to their fantastic hot peppers, which you can get as an add-on, but which might clash with certain sandwiches). My sandwich did seem incredibly greasy, though, especially for a sandwich that was touted as Greek-style. And no, I don't think it was olive oil. The bread was not noticeably different from Subway's. In sum,  Potbelly does not really stand apart from the other greasy spoons on State St.
2	Agreeing with Gabrielle about the weird set-up and ordering process. You make your order to one person at the beginning of a very tall counter, a second rings you up at the end of the counter, then you go back to the beginning of the counter to order any additional ingredients to the second person. Very awkward.Great location for picnics at the fountain or on Lake Mendota. It's not as good as what you can make and pack from quality ingredients, but it is convenient. Based on the (new) Mediterranean sandwich I tried, PB's flavors are more intense than Subway's (thanks, in part, to their fantastic hot peppers, which you can get as an add-on, but which might clash with certain sandwiches). My sandwich did seem incredibly greasy, though, especially for a sandwich that was touted as Greek-style. And no, I don't think it was olive oil. The bread was not noticeably different from Subway's. In sum, PB is better than Subway, but only marginally. Potbelly does not really stand apart from the other greasy spoons on State St.
1	I love the food at Potbelly for a quick lunch or dinner, but I was extremely disappointed by my most recent visit and felt like I needed to post a review.First of all, the service was terrible. The restaurant was empty but yet it took at least 15 minutes to get my salad and pay. We even had to ask to have someone come to the register. I didn't even get an apology for the wait.What really put me over the edge was finding a piece of bacon in my vegetarian salad. I don't eat meat and haven't for a couple years, so this was extremely frustrating.
3	Love their bread and toppings, sandwiches are a little small for me
5	Exceptionally delicious. Inexpensive. Lots of variety. Fresh ingredients. Fast, friendly service. We had turkey blts, cheddar broccoli soup, bottled drinks from the fridge and dream bars. Both of us ate for 25 dollars even for a lot of really good food. The ranch dressing is SO GOOD.
4	Very good selection of sandwiches, with a very friendly staff to back it up. The place is obviously geared towards the college crowd, but it's still really nice for those of us who think we're grown up. Definitely a place I'll try again.
5	Delicious and surprisingly vegetarian friendly! Super fast and not too expensive at all! Definitely going to go again and again, love it!!!
3	Potbelly's is my favorite sandwich joint in terms of fast food. Deserve more than 3 stars but I am a tough critic. Really like the number of options you have for sandwiches. Of course, you have your classics , ham and cheese, turkey, roast beef, chicken salad, etc. but you also have different options such as mediterranean, grilled chicken, vegetarian, etc. Personally, I like their vegetarian sandwiches the best and I am a meat eater for sure! They really do not do anything special to them but the combination of the cheese, hot peppers and bread is wonderful to my pallets for some odd reason. You can get your sandwiches served toasted or just cold cuts. Lots of chip options and well as soup. Their cookies AWESOMELY huge and good when they are warm. State Street Potbelly's is my favorite locations. Plenty of seating.
2	Potbelly is ok, but I don't like them nearly as much as other places. Their sandwiches and shakes are both good, but mostly average. I'm in love with the cute little cookies they put around the straws. It's a silly small thing, but I love it so.The thing that really stands out about Potbelly is the atmosphere. It's really comfy and perfect to relax in. I would not say the same for almost any other sub shop.If you're looking for quality, go else where. If you're looking for atmosphere, this is the place you should go for subs.
2	I used to like potbelly alot.  Its right down the street from where I work and the line moves fast even when they are busy.I give them 2 stars because their shakes are delicious, but their sandwiches have really gone downhill.  The toppings they put on must be cut with a laser, because you can literally see through them.  I asked for extra pickles on my sandwich and they gave me 3, but they were cut so thin you couldn't taste them.I know they are trying to keep the price reasonable, its about the only place you can get a sandwich for under $5 on State Street.  I used to think the sandwich was a good value, but now that they are scrimping on the toppings I dont'  feel that way.  I would rather have toppings I can see without a magnifying glass and pay a little more.  It would be a much better sandwich.
5	Love these Potbelly places. This location has a very good crew working together even when busy. Sandwich made perfectly and the store was big and very clean. Will go here again for sure.
