1	Yuck.The store condition is TERRIBLE, there are NEVER any carts! Plus, I bought a cake and it had a hair in it, no kidding!!  I am never asked for any help on the sales floor, which I was told is mandatory.  The store manager (Rick M.) is TERRIBLE in accommodating customers in the store, and I have even seen him belittle his own employees, which helps the aura of this store so much more.  I asked for a refund for my "hair-cake", because I noticed the hair after the lid popped off of the box on the way out of the store, and he said that it was, "Not possible because I had already taken it out of the store.." Are you joking?! The receipt even stated that the transaction was done 7 minutes beforehand!! He was quick to offer me a 50% discount after I threatened to call the corporate offices..  I took my 50%off-hair-included-birthday cake back, took it to Via Linda Safeway and THEY honored a new cake, PLUS my refund in full, after I explained what happened down the street of course.  DO NOT COME HERE.  STAY AWAY! IT'S NOT WORTH THE DRAMA!!
4	The deli has delish sandwiches- especially the California Dreamin'.  Aaaand... it is the same price as Subway but 10x better.  It's my hidden spot, so don't come here.  I don't want to start waiting in line.  I bought birthday flowers here for one of my friends.  Little roses from the refrigerator case.  Those things lasted FOREVER.  Over 2 weeks!  I love the store.  It's very Scottsdale (the flooring, lighting, massive wine & cheese department).
4	In the US today, we've seen a contraction of the choices available in grocers, but not here in the valley.  We have Fred Meyers(Fry's), Albertsons, Safeway and local Bashas, as well as the upmarket speciality stores like AJs (Bashas), Fresh & Easy, Whole Foods, Trader Joes and Sprouts.Safeway has always been safe, middle of the road choice for me.  When I'm looking for something unique, I know I can find it there.  The employees are very helpful, actually they go out of their way to find stuff for you.  When was the last time a store manager offered to check the warehouse for an item and order it if it wasn't there?  They've recently upgraded and modernized this store while improving on their already good wine & cheese section and have added a gourmet nut section. Enjoy!
5	This Safeway has the most amazing Flower section! Thank you for being my one stop shop!
3	This is my neighborhood Safeway. They keep it nicer than most, they even have a cheese girl and wine sommelier on the weekends... prices are reasonable and the selection is decent. Try AJ's or Basha's north on Thompson Peak Pkwy.
4	Gotta love the staff here.they are helpful, pleasant, knowledgeable and will go the extra mile to help. I think they must like their JOBs!The floral department is well stocked and well kept.
4	I love the Starbucks in the Safeway here. Marissa...the girl who is normally the barista...is so nice!
4	I've been to this location several times.  I like how it's open late.  Have dropped by around 11:30 pm and it's still open....bonus as things shut down in Scottsdale very early.For a grocery store, there's a really good selection of IPA's here.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NtvCX9UEWFvHSxQj06XQ0g?select=YduKHZAvsuXWYLeZnc_6cAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NtvCX9UEWFvHSxQj06XQ0g?select=nwHhNWx62CDlHJ0bKJVpjwAnd the Wine Cellar is above average.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NtvCX9UEWFvHSxQj06XQ0g?select=5b6BHBKIJXzSAJmW8GXn-gThe store is kept clean and the employees are always helpful and friendly.  A nice overall shopping experience.Return Factor - 90%
5	Really great store! Staff is always more than friendly and prices on most things are reasonable. Bakery is always yummy and fresh! Good selection on a lot of items and variety. Most recently, I got a birthday cake for my son's birthday party. 2 layer, custard filled, Thomas the Train theme with whipped cream frosting... $28! And it served 30 people. Everyone raved about it, it was so good!
2	This Safeway is nice and is close to my house, but after visiting this weekend I have to stay I am going to stick with Bashas. The prices are definitely higher on my normal items at Safeway. Also, I know Safeway can't really control this, but the vibe is not as friendly. The parking lot was packed, there were grumpy folks looking for spots. This is the same Safeway that my husband was at when a guy and his girlfriend walked up to him and offered him $5 to help get him a hair cut. My husband's hair wasn't even that long (maybe an inch or two). I don't know what it is that draws that type of crowd, but Bashas has a much more home-town feel.
3	It's clean, brightly-lit, and very close to my apartment, but why are the prices generally so much higher?  Maybe it's bec. of all the organic items they offer?  Organic or not, I hardly ever come here anymore, as I'd rather go to Whole Foods on Mayo for my bread and organic foods' fix, and to Fry's on Shea for the stuff my Mom wants.  It's nice to know that there's a grocery nearby, though.
5	I love this Safeway.  It's right down the street from our house and they always have a great selection of produce and products that we enjoy.  They recently started carrying the soy yogurt I love which is a plus and Rochelle is probably the best cashier around.
4	There really isn't anything all that special about this safeway compared to the others in the valley.  It's spacous and clean, and carries generally the same items at the same prices.  As another Yelper pointed out, the Beer and Wine selection is more upscale.  there are two things that I really like about this location which I would like to share:1. Self-check outI know some people hate it.  But I'm a fan.  I hate waiting in line.  If I'm buying just one or two items, I'd much rather scan and pay myself as quickly as possible.2. Not too crowdedIf there is a crowd here, I've never really noticed it.  It's always easy to find an employee who's free to help you.  And if I don't use the self-check out, the line at the registers have never been too long.This location does suffer from my usual Safeway complaint.  Can the employees stop looking at the name on the recept from the safeway card?  I understand the theory behind this policy, but my phone number on file is an old one, and comes up as someone else.  They always try to call me by his appearently hard to pronounce name.  My girlfriend has also scanned her card before, then I have paid. Men just love it when they're called Mr. [her last name].  I almost always pay by credit.  Try looking at that name, please.
5	I love that this Safeway is right across the street from my work. I like to walk here for a bit of exercise to get lunch. The deli is awesome. They have a sandwich bar that has these really great gourmet ingredients they will make a sandwich for you. For 5.49 it's not too bad and if you use your Safeway card you buy 7 get the 8th sandwich free. They also have premade salads and a hot bar as well. Very friendly, Alan who has made my sandwiches the last couple weeks is very friendly and does a good job. Bonus points the Starbucks is right next to it!
4	Believe it or not, this Safeway is a decent spot for breakfast. There's a breakfast sandwich with eggs, (yellow or white) your choice of cheeses and Ham, bacon or Sausage for only $1.99. This combines with their small, in-store Starbuck's will get you a great breakfast for under $5There's even reasonable seating!
4	Clean & has a Starbucks inside. Coming from MN, I never shopped at a store with a loyalty card, and I must say I do save a lot with my Safeway card. I also downloaded the App on my phone to add coupons to my card - very cool!
5	This Safeway store is a lifesaver.When I first moved to Arizona in late August, I rented a condo around the corner. It so happened that I came from a climate where the summer temps were basically no higher than 75 that year and my first week in Arizona the highs were consistently near 115. I was about an hour away from driving myself to the hospital due to heat exhaustion but I decided to get some cold drinks and ice cream at Safeway to cool off. And when I opened that door to the ice cream freezer I decided to stick my head inside and cool off for about a minute. I don't know how many weird or disgusted looks I got but that blast of freezing coolness snapped me out of my funk. True story.This Safeway seems to be open all the time and carries about any item you might need. Plus I love how they have the self serve registers. It's a way to avoid the crowded check out lines during pregame buying frenzies or during holidays.
5	My favorite Safeway there is. Always clean and the staff is always helpful. Great selection of gourmet cheeses and wines. I love the olive bar and the wide variety of nuts they have. The vegetables are usually fresh, unlike other grocery stores I have been to in the Valley.
4	I frequent this Safeway quite often since it is right across from where I work. I can easily walk here or drive. A Starbucks is inside, so I can stop before work to grab a coffee if need be. Otherwise, I really like their chicken tenders at lunch time. The chicken is moist and the batter is really crunchy. My husband and I agree Safeway has the best chicken tenders of all the grocers (Albertson's, Basha's, Fry's). The deli service can be slow at times, but that's just because they have three employees in the wine/liquor section at all times. Granted, when I needed some liquor for work, I had three people to help me find everything I needed. Otherwise, the store is rather large and pretty clean. I like this Safeway much more than a few of the other ones I've been to in the valley.
3	Where are the deli workers?Seriously, where are they? I come here about once a week for a deli sandwhich & it takes forever. Some of us are very limited to the lunch hour period.Other than that, the store is very clean and well layed out. Plus it has self check our kiosks!
2	I have stopped shopping at this Safeway because of the Deli workers.  They don't seem to be trained in their jobs, nor do they know the products they sell.  I asked for a simple request (oven roasted turkey), and the man behind the counter looked like his head was about to explode.  He stammered and couldn't start to complete the order.On another occasion, the woman working there put my order directly on the scale without any paper.  I don't know what was on the scale, and when it was last cleaned.I would rather drive farther to another store than deal with the poorly trained staff at this store.
4	Beautiful store but their staff isn't as friendly as the Safeway employee at the via Linda store  I go out of my way to shop at via Linda store for that exact reason.
4	Located in my neighborhood, it's my 'go to' spot when I buy regular groceries. Besides groceries, I like to come here for:+ Banking - there's a Wells Fargo located on premises.+ Buy lottery tickets - Powerball & scratch offs+ Rent movies using Redbox.+ Buy flowers on special occasions.The staff here is friendly and the lines are short most of the time.Return Factor - 95%
3	The wine guy was very helpful and they have an overall good selection. The prices are rather high though. I will avoid this store in October as they are over the top with this breast cancer charity scam. They really push it and I find it repulsive that they continue to support a disease that ONLY affects women and less than 1% of men.
3	I'm a regular shopper at this Safeway since it's so clean, customer-friendly and close to home. This year, they decided to open their doors on Christmas for half the day which is really convenient for shoppers who live nearby. Yay, Safeway! They were open till 3:00 that day -- you knew it immediately because two women were standing at the set of automatic doors that hadn't been blocked off, frowning and shouting at customers, "We're closing in 30 minutes." I know, i know, no one wants to work on Christmas -- even those who are probably getting paid double-time, but as a regular customer I expected the same level of customer service and professionalism that I usually get on my trips to Safeway. When I worked Christmases you can bet I delivered the same care and even a little extra cheer, but that wasn't the case at Safeway. Because so many people were busy blocking off doors and preparing to get the store ready for close, half-an-hour-early, it was impossible to find a grocer/associate to ask questions to while you were shopping. Meanwhile, a chain of announcements of when they were closing went on and on over the grocery intercom.The fridges and shelves in most aisles were half-empty and hadn't been restocked at all that day, it felt like shopping for food during a zombie apocalypse, (which was kind of cool, but not really). The only redeeming quality was the cheerful guy behind the deli counter putting things away -- at least he was polite about it.As we were leaving the automatic doors, still five minutes before close, the same two women who were on the verge of harassing customers were turning them away. The younger woman asking the other, (possibly a manager?) to just go ahead and lock the doors five minutes early. A woman who was pushing her cart out at the same time commented that they tried to keep her from going in at 2:40, when she saw others being allowed.Three things:1) Don't stay open on Christmas if your Grinch staff doesn't support the idea and is going to harass customers. I'd rather be sad that you're closed, than sad about how you're treating your customers. 2) People shouldn't be manning the doors half an hour before close to try to keep customers away, they should be trying to help their loyal customers inside with any questions to speed up their purchases.3) The nice man in the deli clearly deserves a raise or extra New Year bonus for being the friendliest person working there. This is only a three star review because I've seen Safeway on better days.
1	Bakery staff not friendly or helpful at all. They act like they don't need your business. Wanted to order cupcakes with the frosting top smooth/flat and frosted sides. The first lady I spoke to in the store said it would be 'easier' to call in the order the next day in the morning. Called the next morning and spoke to the baker. She hemmed and hawed about having to frost them individually instead of piping the frosting from a bag. I asked her if she'd like me to drop off a picture of an example. She said no. Picked the cupcakes up and I could've done a better job at home. All the other departments at the store are friendly and helpful. Wish the bakery could get their act together. Will drive to further location or order from Basha's next time.
