4	Fast food rice bowls at a reasonable price.  There are limited options (Basically, choose chicken, beef, or short rib with or without veggies), but the food is fast, fresh, and flavorful.  You have the option of adding green onions to your meal, and there are "magic" sauces to the side to add to your bowl or plate.  The original "magic" sauce is a teriyaki-like sauce which is nice in that it's not overly sweet like some sauces can get, and the "magic hot sauce" is a Louisiana-style hot sauce.  The veggies are simply steamed, and the meat is grilled which gives it that nice slightly smoky flavor.  This is a good option for those that are looking for a quick meal that is healthier than most fast food places.
1	everything taste like death and sugar...
4	Flame Broiler may be a basic franchise, but it serves its purpose quite well! I enjoy the strip mall that this is set in, next to great locals like Delhi Palace, Blue Nile Cafe, Pho Nhat and Oliveo Grill. I think that my stomach is typically full and happy when eating at any of these establishments. I went in with little expectation, and ordered "The Works" which comes with veggies (cabbage, green onions, zucchini and broccoli), chicken and beef. Imagine my happy surprise upon receiving a sukiyaki-style beef! Tokyo Express fans, get your chopsticks out, because it tastes nearly the same as theirs. So, for its no frills and straight forward approach to making some good rice bowls, they really do succeed and it makes a great lunch place!
5	This place is fabulous. ASU has needed a teriyaki bowl style place nearby and this fits the bill! The food is fast, fresh, and delicious, and also reasonably priced. The flavors are simple but executed well, and the fact that it is also healthy is a welcome bonus.
5	I eat here for lunch 3 times a week. Chicken is always great! Quick and cheap
4	Expectations were low; I admit I was tempted to turn my nose up. I mean come on, it's an evil chain. Still, the food is decent and the prices are something to consider. I left satisfied and willing to admit I'd come back. I wouldn't describe it as "fabulous" like another reviewer, but it has a place in my book.
4	This is a welcome dinner destination after practice with my swim team in the nearby Student Recreation Center of ASU.  The place is small, clean, and basic; service is fast. Simple menu and tasty, healthy food at a good price. My favorite is "The Works" - beef, chicken, veggies, and rice, topped with green onion; I jazz it up a bit with sriacha because I like this kind of food spicy.
4	First time, became a fan! I had the half and half mini bowl ( chicken and beef ) it was sooo good. I love their magic sauce, too. I'm dragging my fellows for a lunch there tomorrow :)
4	It's quick, tasty, healthy and affordable what more do you really need to know?Oh so you want to know about the food well it's pretty much rice and meat but done the right way. This is chicken or beef chopped up and put on top of either brown or white rice, I always go brown since it's better for you. The mixture is topped off with some magic sauce which is Korean BBQ sauce which is a lot like teriyaki sauce. You can also get veggies too but I rarely do.I usually get the combo plate which adds a little salad with some tasty sesame dressing and an orange. I think the price is about $9 OTD and is enough food for at least one meal if not a meal and little snack later.They also have a punch card program so you can earn free meals too.
5	I love this place! Great prices and a healthier alternative.
4	Who says chains are bad?  Especially when you are looking for something sweet and salty and hot off the grill without all of the unnecessary calories?  Please, I'm saving those for the pork belly pastrami at Citizen Public House - I can't crush it at lunch.A big ol' bowl of brown rice, toothsome chicken and beef, scallions, broccoli, cabbage and carrots and I'm in heaven.  You could get extra meat, but you'd be gilding the lily.  You could pile on the extra "special" sauce or the sriracha, but it's not necessary - the bowl is full of flavor and all for a song in terms of price.  Plus, the folks that work there have the assembly line down pat - you are in and out and onto the next adventure with a belly full of goodness.  Lunch happiness :)
4	The food was really good, especially for the $7 or so I spent. This particular location is next to the ASU campus and there were quite a few college students enjoying lunch. I am defiantly going there again for a quick and quality meal.
5	Just a few simple ingredients, but quality ones make this place a great choice for a healthy dinner. The normal bowl is about $5.65, but it's about a $1.50 more for the ole white meat upgrade which is totally worthy. These are grilled chunks of white meat marinated in that magic sauce (teryiaki). Rice was white style and there was some cabbage mostly and carrots. It is hard to jam everything into that bowl, but there was tons of chicken as well. It was 530 calories. Extra star for the mellow yellow on tap, a personal favorite and make sure you try to throw that ping pong ball into the "cup in the sky" for a free bowl (I came close). Just a friendly vibe as is the case with most places around ASU and finally no complaints on this end!
5	Flame broiler is awesome! The food is very filling and you can pig out and not feel guilty. Don't get me wrong I love greasy unhealthy food as much as the next person, but this is a great alternative without sacrificing the flavor. I have seen these pop up all around California and finally got to try it out here in Arizona. The skin on meat is my favorite part of any meal, so it left me a bit hesitant about this place since part of their selling point is that they do not serve food with skin (the most unhealthy, fattening part). I was worried the meat would be dry and flavorless, but boy was I wrong! I've been training to get that super fit wedding body so I thought it was the appropriate time to give this place a try after our regular Tempe Town Lake run. The staff is super nice and we conversed with her for a while talking about what's new in Tempe and the food was out in a flash! I got a powerade and the mixed bowl that consisted of chicken and beef with some amazing sauce (that I added extra of) and of course i had to add some sriracha! It was shown that the whole bowl was about 600 calories so I was surprised that I was full by the time I got halfway, so I had a lunch for the next day! Made me feel good being full since it seems like I burned more running than I ate for dinner! I plan on coming back many times over and try out other items!
3	well balanced food,in the way of nutrition. Decent price.
4	Fast and tasty!!!  Really nice people and the food is amazing at a great price.  One bowl satisfied me for two meals!  Great environment if you choose to eat in and they are quick if you need a fast take-out lunch.
3	This small place is certainly tasty, I wanted to get a rice bowl for sure... I asked the lady at the counter what was the most popular dish if I'd never been here & she was very nice and helpful in helping us order. I got the Works Bowl which has beef and chicken along with veggies. You have a choice of white or brown rice and then green onions or not. The Brown rice is a bit extra, but what's healthier and cheaper? That doesn't exist. The "magic sauce" is delicious, even though it's just sweet teriyaki sauce. & they have the tea stand with 4 different types of Teas. My favorite! Look for coupons before you go in, great place to satisfy a rice fix and save a few bucks!
2	I love Flame Broiler. But this one is a bit harder to enjoy. Food was not as good as I usually get. But my biggest beef was the music - it was so loud that it was hard to hear the woman behind the counter as I was ordering. I said the music was really loud. She just smiled at me. Maybe she couldn't hear me? I may return but won't eat in again.
5	Always love this place...healthier option that has large portions...Half is definitely plenty but I end up eating the whole combo plate anyways =O yummm
4	Waaahhh! This place has closed... So sad. I literally ate here like 2-3 times a week, just because it was fast and healthy. Usually after the gym. It kind of ticks me off though that they didn't seem to let anyone know they were closing. I just drove up expecting to get my chicken bowl, and instead, there were huge signs on the door that said 'Place For Lease' and all the lights were off. I was just there about a week or so prior! :(I have no idea if they just moved locations or what. It doesn't say anything on their website. But for now, this location is closed. Worst news of the year (for me anyway)!
