4	One of the most underrated bagel joints in Montreal. The ham and cheese is amazing, try the egg bagel too. But stick to the regular bagels, don't bother will the other fluff (cheese bagel, etc).
5	Totally underated, often overlooked and very under-appreciated!  Love their bagels. Every bit as good as St Viateur, Fairmont!!!
5	I've been going to this place since I was little. I'm shocked that it's not in the tour books. I'll work my darndest to fix that. Their bagels are truly representative of a GOOD MONTREAL BAGEL. And easier to get to than St. Viateur.  Go here.
4	When I cant get to Fairmount Bagels, here's the spot for me. I always stay at the same hotel on de la Montagne when I go home to Montreal. And I always look forward to sneaking out early in the morning, taking a quick 5 minute walk and hit the Faubourg. I never get anything fancy - a straight up sesame with butter and cream cheese - and it's yummy every time. Bonus round - when bored and needing to meet a friend in this area, choose here to meet - you can watch them make 'n bake the bagels through their huge picture window ;-)
2	Sorry to say but this place has gone downhill over the last couple of years. I would have agreed with the reviews from 2009 but the owners have lost perspective. Caught them throwing day-old bagels that they had marked down and put aside for quick sale, back into the fresh pile to meet demand! Ney ney!!Le Fauberg mall location is a little seedy also...St. Viateur or Fairmont. Have my vote (tied) for best bagels in the universe!! ;)
5	As I'm from California and have had my fair share of specialty bagels before, I can truly attest to the fact that this bagel place is superb and I was sure to tell the employees there that too! My mom used to tell me how popping this bagel joint was when she attended university here over a decade ago, and now the surroundings are desolate...that doesn't stop this place from producing the best bagels I've ever tasted though! Freshly made bagels -- with such a soft breaded core. They have a variety of flavors, including: -Plain-Wheat-Poppyseed-Smoked Salmon-Onion Garlic-Cinnamon Raisin (I tried this one...yum yum!)-Cheese (delicious with a more flaky texture!)-Everything BagelDefinitely get yourself a cup of coffee and some cream cheese (Herb Garlic is the best in my opinion), and a couple of freshly-made bagels, and that'll be sure to cheer up your mornings. The way they bake the line of bagels and toss them into the pit is pretty cool too!
5	I go here all the time for a quick yummy bagel, its a small mom and pop style bagel shop, very charming and authentic.
1	Maybe this place used to be great, but definitely not anymore. I tried a bag of the assorted bagels; the dough tasted a little peculiar, as if it was undercooked, and the cinnamon rasin was particularly bland. The surrounding mall is also quite deserted and depressing.
1	It's closed :(
