4	Pretty! New from the Furco folks with brunches and nice coffee on the menu. There are a number of tasty pizza options served with slices in a pile on a cutting board for sharing. There are also these delicious sounding salads on the menu that are served up in single, double or 4 person portions which I will totally go back for. There seems to be a rotating selection of house organic wines on offer along with a couple ok beers. There was no cocktail menu available despite my super kind and funny waitress asking around for one for me. The other thing I found off-putting was the insistent way another staff members swept all around me, not making eye contact with me, while I sat there breathing dust. Personally I'd say: hey maybe skip sweeping a table if it's already occupied and focus on making customers feel comfortable. The rest of the staff did this is spades, they were funny, easy-going, chill. I think this is a new place working some kinks out but an exceptional addition to the downtown options.
2	Worst service ever. Waited 30 min for a seat and saw at least 5 people who took a seat that should have been mine. Unfortunate because the place looked promising.
1	I have lived in Place des Arts for three years now, when this little pizza/coffee/wine shop opened up I decided to give it a try for lunch.  They had a large outdoor eating area with people occupying maybe 40% of the tables, we saw countless tables for 3 or 4 outside, however no one was seating anyone out there. We walked in and waited for another 15 minutes for someone to frantically try and seat us outdoors,  she said she didn't know if there were any tables outside but she would take a look, five minutes later she returns saying there is a table at the end of their eating area that could seat the three of us. As we went to sit at the table we noticed other customers had just put bags there as we were getting to the table. We turned around and asked the waitress what was going on, and if they could find us another table ( there were still at least 10 open) and she just said "No, too bad there's no room". Absolutely disgusted we walked to another pizza place five minutes away where they treated us perfectly.
4	Went for a late lunch with a coworker, long after the usual lunch rush is over. There were a few other people around, but no hostess to seat us, so we weren't sure if we could just choose our own seats or not. We decided to sit down at a table in the terrasse since there were other people there ordering. The terrasse is beautiful, by the way. Just sunny enough and very nicely decorated. The place has character. Service was slow. It took a while for the waitress to notice us and bring us water and menus, even though she knew we were there.That said, the entire menu looks fresh, tasty, and healthy, and the prosciutto pizza was incredible. The crust wasn't really anything like a real Italian pizza, but delicious nonetheless. If you have the time to spare, it's definitely worth a try,
5	We came across this place by surprise. The food was really good and the prices were more than reasonable. Staff was prompt & friendly. Worth the trip for a nice relaxing lunch.
5	Really good brunch!! I tried the breakfast sandwich, the breakfast pizza, and the latte. The breakfast sandwich was on a fresh croissant -- this was my fave and I would have again. The breakfast pizza had egg and avocado on it -- unconventional brunch item, a bit salty. Latte was standard, but complimented the meal and atmosphere. The portions were not massive, but a satisfying size. I went on a Sunday at 11 and there was plenty of space. Service was excellent. Simple menu. Good vibes here :)
