4	So many good things to say about this cafe. I have been here twice in the same trip while visiting Montreal and am already missing their delicious sandwiches, coffee, and best of all, petit fours. Nocochi has the BEST macarons I have had outside of France. They were perfect in every way- smooth, slight crunch outside, soft middle, and velvety fillings. Pate de fruit was also excellent. I had the raspberry, lemon, and currant. All tasted great. There was an interesting chick pea chocolate cookie with a tender crumb, a hint of chocolate flavor, and melt in the mouth texture that is a must try. For lunch the three cheese baguette (chevre, emmental, mozzarella) with tomatoes, black olive tapenade and turkey did not disappoint. Also, the Nocochi chicken sandwich was very good and flavorful. Overall, we had a great eating experience and enjoyed tasting the many petit fours after lunch. The only minus was the slow service. That's not to say service was bad, it wasn't, just a bit on the slow side. I wish there were more places like this one where attention to detail,  fresh flavors, high quality ingredients, and pride in craftsmanship is the focus. I can't wait to return!
4	The desserts are tiny cookies, marzipan, turkish delights, and dates with nuts inside.  Very tasty and fun to look at. My favorite was the rose flavored turkish delight. When i say tiny i mean tiny. I pretended to be a giant who just raided a pastry shop in a small european village after a day of pillaging. I could eat about 20 of these nocochis with ease.I didnt try the food, only had dessert.
4	I'm not a fan of museum restaurants and usually avoid them if I can.  So it's no surprise that I ended up here for lunch after perusing the art at the Musee de Beaux Arts in Montreal.  It's right down the street from the museum in a corner basement space with great views of the street for people watching.I was there for a late lunch so the place was empty.  There were several wait staff and although the place looks like they wouldn't do table service, they will.  The menu is more cafe style (soups, sandwiches, salads) than full meals, so don't expect to pig out at this place...unless it's on the desserts.   There is still enough on the plate to make the hunger disappear, though.  The food is an interesting mix of Italian and French (I had the vegetable panini with a rich cream sauce.) but it seems to go well together without being overly rich.  The cafe serves wine and beer but in limited quantities and considering the extensive list of tea and coffee, most people must order this.  I think why most people patronize the cafe is for the desserts.  Tiny elf-sized desserts in assortments like I've never seen.  Truffles, cookies, marzipans, baklava, and every thing in between.  Several people came in just for these delights while I was eating.  Intrigued, I bought a box of them to take with me, and we finished half the box on the subway back to the hotel.  The best thing about them is that they were not so sweet as to be cloying, but still tasty enough to last on the palate.  The elves working in the back must be baking kings.For the rest of the cafe, the decor is minimalist white with modern furniture, but just about anyone in any kind of dress will feel welcome here.  You can get away with a light lunch for under $15 (including Montreal tax) which is dirt cheap.  The desserts are not so cheap and a box of 50 pieces was about 25 bucks.
4	Came here for lunch while on the way to the museum.  Service, was very confusing.  They told us to have a seat and that they'd get to us.  We waited about 10 minutes, then realized no one was coming.  We ended up going back to the counter and ordering there. While at the counter we saw all the delicious little pastries and cookies they have.  Couldn't resist and got a couple nut filled dates, nut filled apricots, marzipans and Turkish delight.  I also ordered the chocolate delight tea. The tea and cookies came out way before our paninis, so we scarfed them up as appetizers.  The pastries were good, but the date and apricots concoctions I could easily have made myself (in fact I have) so probably not worth it.  The tea was not chocolaty at all, maybe a mild something chocolate, but barely noticeable.  Good, but not great. Then came out the panini.  I got the turkey with cheese, pesto and grilled zucchini.  The zucchini was sort of lumped in one place, so what was pretty weird.  The pesto seemed non-existant.  The sandwich was ok, but pretty bland.  Nothing worth getting again.  Overall, based on my review it sounds more like a three.  Not sure why, but I really liked the atmosphere. Probably wouldn't come back here for sandwiches, but a great place for casual meetup with friends over tea and cookies (if that's your thing).
5	Although I live in New York, I often travel to Montreal, and every time I'm there I have to go to Nocochi. I've never had the food... I always go for one reason and one reason only: the cookies. They are little mounds of flavorful goodness that melt in your mouth. Because many of them are made with chickpea flower and cardamom, the densely packed, fine texture crumbles into a silky paste. They are flavorful, but not too sugary, and leave a clean feeling in your mouth. Although many of the pastries seem to be made with similar ingredients, each one is unique. It always takes me a while to choose which ones I want. Although the boxes of pastries are a bit expensive, there is a good deal where you can buy fifteen for 6.95. My all-time favorites are the mini baklavas, which have an extremely strong, exotic flavor, and the little white and brown balls with crumbled pistachios on top. Although it is true that the service  between the counter and dining area is a bit confusing, the staff is always friendly and sweet.
3	The cookies are really cute and adorable looking. I oohed and aahed over them. They're soooo cute! About the size of an average person's pinkie from the tip to the first joint. They're tiny cute.The cookies taste okay. They definitely look better than they taste. At considering they cost about .50 to .75 each, these are really expensive cookies. For this price, I want them to taste amazing. While I didn't dislike the cookies, I can't justify the prices for the taste. The cafe is very sleek, modern, and lovely. It's definitely a nice place to sit with your girlfriends and have coffee or tea while gossiping the afternoon away.
1	I was charged over 7.50 for an almond croissant and a SMALL latte, which was nowhere as good as the lattes from Myriad down the street. Seriously overprice and underflavored, save your taste buds and wallet for something else.
5	Love this little tea/Iranian pastry shop. Very reasonable , & the service is very pleasant & courteous. Great way to spend an afternoon.
5	Excellent, friendly service. Fantastic croissants and amazing (strong and smooth) coffee!
3	A luminous and cute tea spot to contrast with a grey and rainy day. Nocochi is indeed a very cozy place, far from Myriade's buzzing atmosphere. The choices of tea are very diverse, ranging from Persian, Chinese (the Tchai is recommended) is Japanese, without forgetting the English classics. Pastries and delicacies were also surprsingly good and will look like none of your usual teatime snacks. Indeed, Nocochi offers a mix of Middle Eastern and European biscuits and I strongly recommend their mixed platter if you are two.Yes, Nocochi feels very cute and cozy. On top of excellent teas, the place offers a great and friendly service. Customers usually keep it low and thus contribute to making it a study/reading-friendly area. However, all ages are welcome and make you sure you hide in a blanket in the event you need to kiss your partners.Moreover, the only grudge I hold is against the design. Although the white walls convey a very peaceful ambiance, the wall decors and painting are corny beyond imagination to the point of becoming disturbing.Perhaps at its best on a rainy and lonely day.
3	The "white" cafe's got its good points in Atmosphere, Service, and FoodAtmosphere:  Cafe Nocochi's has two prime attractions, it's location / decor and its pastries.  Nocochi is located on the conner of Sherbrooke and MacKay streets, right along the line of the high-end arts area of Sherbrooke street, which harks back to day when that area of Montreal used to be called the Golden Mile due to the riches it housed.  The decor is simple, clean, and egg-shell white (hence its nickname).  Very comfy seating, and arranged in such a way that conversations can still be intimate despite the relatively small size of the cafe.Service:  Service is ok at cafe Nocochi.  Staff is usually made up of the local student population (Concordia University), and they tend to be pleasant and polite.  In truth, however, not much service is required aside from the staff bring orders to the tables, thus minimal interaction with the staff further solidifies the ambiance as a place one goes for a quite time!Food:  Nothing special here - standard issue cafe menu is on offer with a selection of sandwiches, small pizzas etc.  Sometimes a hit and miss, depending on the cook's effort of the day, but most often there are more hits than misses.  Go to Nocochi for a  quite cup of coffee / tea and to sample their pastries (Iranian / French).  This is the biggest reason why you should visit.  They also sell their pastries to go in elaborate boxes and combinations, and these make for a terrific gift at the last minute.  A little pricy, but their presentation and taste gives them an aura of value that is always appreciated.for a quite, tranquil time ~ a good place.
3	I love the coffee here, and the pastries are very nice as well. Although the nocochi cookies are very overpriced and miniscule compared to other Persian bakeries.
5	Love this very cozy place!  The coffee, atmosphere and service here are good.  Nocochi serves coffee with alcohol...a must try.  I tried their mini cookies.  They are so good and special but a little bit pricey.  I will certainly visit Nocochi again when I am next in Montreal.
5	Great food, amazing service. Was able to use my check in 20% off via yelp with no issues at all. Will go again once back in town.
4	Great place. The hot chocolate is really something special. These folks really know how to do macaroons. The only knock is the baked goods are really small.
5	Whereas most places around here seem fairly dim and recessed, Nocochi is bright and lively, with lots of natural sunlight and windows.  Friendly staff serves up pastries (try the Almond Croissants) that are devastatingly delicious.
4	I went to this cafe on a saturday at 3 o'clock. It wasn't too busy, which was nice. Their pastries were great and a they had a nice selection of gluten free ones which were specified on a separate list. Their mocha was delicious, a little small but worth it. Only complaint was the cost. It was a little high for the drinks compared to other coffee shops who give you larger quantities. Definitely going back.
4	This is a pretty nice little cafe that's close to the Museum of Fine Arts. The food is decent (we had brunch on a Sunday morning) and the drinks were good too. It's a bit fancier than a normal cafe, so dressing a bit nicer is probably the norm here. The staff was very nice and service was prompt. As a heads up, it's also a bit pricier than some of the other cafes around Montreal, so be prepared when you come here. Overall though, it's a nice place and a good place to stop if you're heading over to the art museum.
3	Good for breakfast but a little pricey for what we ate.
5	A very lovely tea shop. They have delicious mouthful desert, great tea with nice tea pot, vegetarian friendly meals, etc. The price there is acceptable and the environment is super comfortable. By the way, since this tea shop is pretty close to where I live, my friends ask me to bring the mouthful deserts every time when we get together and they never get  enough for the food:)
3	We had their afternoon tea (nocochi + english) with 2 sweet teas (shining star + white castle) good for 4.5 ppl. Very quiet and debutante ambience. Service was delightful :)
4	The sweets were delectable, though the staff was the tiniest bit unfriendly. The nocochi s are like delicious dust balls. Eat them (despite that unappetizing description)!
4	We had a lovely afternoon snack here after a visit to the Fine Arts Museum.  Servers went above and beyond to accommodate our large party of 8 on the small outdoor deck.  I had the crab sandwich with side salad.  Not too much mayo and lots of real crab meat.  And the unexpected addition of capers?  Much better than the crab salad you get in America at most supermarket deli counters.  Many of my companions opted for the afternoon tea.  I initially thought these were a bit pricey for the amount of food served, but they were beautifully presented and just a small taste of the clotted cream on a biscuit was enough to offset my sticker shock.  Who knew there was something better than butter?
3	Breakfast was not great by any means.
5	Ordered the club sandwich with gluten free bread. It was absolutely delicious.  For dessert had the macaron and was regretting only getting two.  My friend had the corn coconut cake and it was awesome!!!  Also had the White Castle tea. It was sooooo good.
5	Delicious omelettes and sandwiches. Croissants were excellent.  My daughter has celiac.  The staff was very accomodating. They had delicious brazilian cake that was gluten free.  They also had GF bread. Will definitely visit again.
