4	This place was a godsend (sorry to get all religious...just like the word).  Yeah, we were lost and had no idea where our hotel was.  We tramped all up and down Edinburgh (we had just arrived).  We stopped off at this coffee shop/restaurant to take a break and chill.  Mainly wanted to use there FREE wifi.  But we ordered some yummy sweats, and I had an espresso--both were excellent.The dining area was nice and stylish--a good place for a rest.This is just what we needed (cuz I needed to take a chill pill from being grumpy).  We were able to get our bearings, and the employees here also squared us as to where we needed to go for our hotel.  Additionally, they also gave us directions to where to get an Edinburgh staple:  Fried Mars Bar (yeah baby, YEAH!).
3	a fine place for a light breakfast or to sit and relax with a cup of coffee.
3	We went in here on Saturday around 12 o'clock. Prime time for a sandwich shop, well you would think so anyway. They didn't have the salad bar set up (strike one, I wanted salad). So I decided on Coronation Chicken, strike two they didn't have any. The boyfriend's first choice of filling wasn't there either, strike three. Looking in the fridge there was very few fillings available so we went for what was there. The rolls were nice and big and for two it was under a fiver. But the fact that at midday on a Saturday afternoon they have very little choice on offer means I probably won't be back.
3	Came in looking for a Ham Salad roll and similar to Amy's experience, they were just plain out of greens. They did however manage to throw together something for me and it was really nice, very fresh.Worry though about the salad situation, is there a famine and nobody told me?
5	I knew this place about a year or so ago but had been in recently. Well what a change under the new manager Cengiz.The coffe was great and the snack that I bought with it was fresh and tasty.I know the new manager had made changes but he has really stamped his own style on the place. Good food & clean surroundings etc.
