5	I work across the street from this place and we've been waiting for a good Mexican food place in our neighborhood. We frequent the other establishments in this neighborhood for lunch and this is by far our favorite.They have really good food, the prices are more than fair, it's very clean, and a smiling face always greets you at the front door!The California burrito for $4.80 is awesome and at least one of our employees has one every day.
5	Great specials, the carne asada  burrito, at great prices. Loved the free chips and salsa plus the ASU student 10% discount. Clean, friendly, and great service. Best Mexican food near ASU!
5	Just plain good Mexican food.  Taco salad has been our favorite.  Chimichangas are next in line.  I'm a fan of consistency and we've had that taco salad three times now in the past month.  Yummyyyy!
5	Los arielitos is very comparable to Los favoritos except it's open to 2am on the weekends which is bomb. Burritos here are bigger, there's free chips and 10% off for asu students! California burrito and steak and egg breakfast burrito are bomb!
4	A solid little taco shop located conveniently (for ASU students & staff) at the NE corner of ASU's Tempe campus. Easy to drive right by on University. Just look for the small strip center with Fed Ex in the front and a variety of ethnic food offerings in the back.Fast service, great for carry out or dining in their small seating area. Chips and salsa available for those who dine in. Wish there were more choices at the salsa bar than just a red and a green sauce. Love their tacos. Went for a basic beef taco special on this day. Delicious. Not quite as strong on some other items like enchiladas, but solid enough.Discounts for ASU students and daily specials make this a great option for the university crowd and others nearby. I'll be back.
3	Better than Filli's or Armandos. That's all I can really say. It's definitely not four/five stars tho. The staff is nice. It would be better if they had good salsa. Theirs is watery and... just not very good.
