3	When we first moved to Scottsdale we went here twice and I thought it was pretty decent.  After settling in to the area though we've found other pizza places that I personally think are better.  But, nevertheless it was close by where we were and we decided to grab a quick lunch.This was the 2nd time we've had the cheeseburger pizza here. It's quiet tasty if you like pizza and cheeseburgers.  I could do without the shredded lettuce on the pizza, but other than that it's very yummy.  A medium is the perfect size for 2 people.  We also ordered a Caesar salad which was not very good. The dressing was way to tangy.  For dessert we shared one of those cookie in a skillet things that you seem to be able to find at every freakin' restaurant in the Phoenix metroplex.  Don't get me wrong....I love the whole warm cookie with ice cream action.  But, geez how about a little originality on the menu folks! Bottom line, if you're in that shopping area stop by for dinner or lunch.  But if you don't live close by, don't drive out of your way to try this place.
5	I originally came here because I heard they have a gluten free menu--i expected one or two pizzas, probably cheese and one other choice. But they have a FULL menu of pizzas, salads, and appetizers that are gluten free. and they are DELICIOUS! Pizza was my absolute favorite food in my past, gluten-filled life. Anything from Slices to Pizzaria Bianco. I have tried gluten free pizzas almost everywhere you can find them, and they are always too dry, too thin, too soggy, or completely different flavor than what pizza crust should taste like. Picazzo's gluten free pizza is delicious, the crust is pretty thick and has a good texture, not like a big saltine cracker as most places tend to be. the flavor is true to pizza crust! my friends even like it so much they will split a gluten free pizza with me instead of ordering 'regular' crust.There is also a range of appetizers that are delicious, caprese salad with gluten free bread and the spinach dip are my faves. The employees are all very nice and aware of gluten intolerance--they check with you before they bring you additional food items or before putting GF and non-GF foods together in your to go box. I love it. If you are gluten or wheat intolerant and  you like pizza, this will be your new favorite place. Totally worth the drive, and the money. But the prices are very reasonable for GF food!
1	Have you ever been to a place & walked out feeling like you were ass raped?  well, if you're into that, you'll love this joint!!!The food is terrible....but I felt even worse because it was expensive for the shit they gave you.  We got a medium sausage, which at any other place is a very small pizza, and it was $22 with tax & tip (no drinks...just water).  Don't be fooled by this "gourmet" shit either.  The crust is tasteless & the quality just isn't there.when I compare this to say Oreganos, they are not even in the same ball league.skip this joint....and save your money.
