1	(Part 2 of Nevada Federal Credit Union Rant-see linked review)I was told that since I came in later on in the day that she was not obligated to return my call that evening (rolling of the eyes.) She also was not in the office the following day but I am not too sure why she couldn't call me on the THIRD DAY with results. After repeating my various grievances I just asked her to close my account. There was no "oh we are so sorry to see you go" or maybe a "do you want me to try my manager again?" She cut me a check and sent me on my way...OH but I almost forgot, she advised me that normally the CU charges $20 to close accounts (HAHAHAHAHAHA) but she did me the "favor" of waiving that fee. I told her "thank you SO MUCH for doing me that favor" and stormed out as I was flipping off the building lol. All in all, their customer service is non existent. They are so concerned with upholding policy and procedure that they do not care if customers/members leave as a result of that. I have to say I was surprised that they treated me the way they did but I guess it's how the cookie crumbles now a days (so to speak.) They are not a Credit Union nor do they behave as one...I might of just banked at B of A with their asinine fees had I known any better ;-)
1	When I opened my account almost two years ago, I turned down the overdraft option. I was told that whether it was a credit/debit or check, I would not be charged an overdraft fee and my request for payment would be denied flat out. I opened the account so that I could have all my utilities auto drafted from my account and was warned that if there wasn't enough money in my account the bill would not be paid and that would be embarrassing. But that has never been a problem so I said I didn't want overdraft. Fast forward to a few months ago. My husband and I had gone out for drinks and when I went to pay with my card, the bartender told me my card was denied. So I pulled out my handy dandy NV One app and I see that my account had been overdrafted because of an outrageous charge from Cox cable. Odd, but I figure that since I didn't have overdraft it was probably a mistake and it would be sorted out. I normally keep enough money in my account to pay the bills for a couple months, but at the time I was in the middle of a bankruptcy so I only deposited one paycheck a month.The outrageous charge from Cox cable was credited to my billing account. Long story short, someone else's modem was charged to my account. So I went to NV One to explain the situation to them and have the overdraft taken off and had the pleasure of dealing with Suzy Drinkwine. She informed me that since the bill was drafted monthly from my account that they would overdraft my account to make the payment. When I told her I had opted to not have overdraft, she just repeated herself. Yes the bill is drafted monthly, but it runs as a check or a credit/debit card would so how does that make it ok to charge me a $30 fee? She just kept repeating herself over very rudely. I would've closed the account right then, but since I was in the middle of the bankruptcy, my hands were tied.The worst part of the situation is that a utility company that I allow to auto draft from my account screwed up big time and my bank did nothing to protect me. Instead they made it an opportunity to steal from me. What a shame.
5	I dealt with Margaret Mims who was extremely helpful. I have been treated amazing by One Nevada since I first opened my account.  In January of 209140th I received a call stating that my card was one of the cards listed for the target breach and in June I was called immediately for another possible breach, this time I actually did find fraudulent charges. I visited Margaret and she took care of everything with a very positive attitude and even offered me information on loans and insurance. A star employee for sure. Thanks Margaret!
5	I have had an account with One Nevada (formerly Nevada Federal Credit Union) for almost 21 years now and have always had exemplary service. Have been with them through two auto loans (both professionally and rapidly handled) and an identity theft where both my checking and savings accounts were cleaned out (they restored all of the stolen funds in less than 48 hours).The Lake Mead branch is not a full-service branch (no tellers); however, the staff on hand is always most accommodating and friendly. When I had a possible security breach on my debit card about a year ago, I went in and the card was replaced in less than ten minutes! (I was sure I'd have to wait 7-10 days to get a new card.) I am a very satisfied accountholder and plan to stay with this credit union for a long time to come.
5	I've been a One Nevada CU member for over 10 years. Since moving to this side of town I have been using this branch.  The people here are amazingly friendly and know me by name. Never too busy but even when they are they always take the time to make sure everything you need is handled.  The people here always go out of their way to say hello when you walk in and create a very warm and happy place to bank.  I rarely visit other branches any more!
5	I have been a member with OneNevada for several years now and everytime I have ever needed anything they took care of it.Everytime I go into this branch everyone here is amazing and wonderful. It's that old timey personal bank experience you remember your grand parents talking about come back to life. Just amazing people here all the time!
