1	Worst. Buffet. Ever.'Nuff said. No...scratch that, I must vent. Or Yelp.Wow, what a disaster. My workmate and I were craving a buffet today, and on the way into work I had passed the Golden Coin and thought it looked like any standard cheap buffet from the outside. But I was fooled, it's not just ANY cheap buffet, it's THE cheap buffet. Well, as Roger Daltrey says, "I won't get fooled again!"The sign outside says $4.86 buffet, lunch or dinner. For less than a Lincoln, it's worth a try, right? (Wrong!) First of all, cash only, people, no plastic. And here's the ENTIRE buffet list:Rice (of the brown fried variety, bland)Lo Mein (I'm not sure what that taste is, but it ain't Lo Mein)Egg Rolls (small, cut in half, and awful. And there's that "taste" again...)Fried Chicken (the only food of redeeming quality)Wings (again, bland, though decent in size)Sweet and Sour Pork (I'll get to this in a second)Yep, that's it. The whole buffet. And no refills on the sodas, either. Some greasy chinese crispy noodles. No soup. (Hey, no soup means not having to provide spoons!)The fried chicken wasn't bad, but other than that, I wouldn't serve this food to prisoners. Except the ones on death row, and that's to save money on electricity.I'm not quite sure what the deal was with the Sweet and Sour Pork. The sauce was the consistency of water, the meat was......wait, I don't want to know. If I could give it 1/1000th of a star, I'd do it. Steer clear, and your digestive system will thank you.
1	Let's be fair to Mike Kwan here & make it clear that this is NOT the worst buffet in Phoenix, much less the world.  For that, you'd have to decide between Hong Kong Restaurant & New Sun Star Super Buffet at Central & Southern!The problem here isn't that the food is bad, it's that they don't have anything!  It's a tiny place with just a few hot food choices for $4.86.  Now, I'm not going to complain about the price, but I want salad, so that was it for this place... won't see you there!If you want "cheap", whip over to Best Wok Buffet at McDowell & 51st Ave. instead.  It's much better, & it's only $4.25 for lunch, & $4.95 for dinner!
1	For some reason my parents loved the Golden Coin chain when I was a child, and this seems to be the only one left standing. Maybe it was better back then, I don't really know. First of all, I hate buffets with a fiery passion, but this is by far the worst one I've ever had the displeasure of being dragged to. The ambience of the restaurant makes you feel as if you're eating your last meal in prison before being sent off to the chair. The food was gross and the food options were miniscule. I only had a few bites because I didn't like it and I was worried I'd get sick, if you ever visit this dive trust me, you'll feel the same way. The booths are also extremely uncomfortable and the restaurant is tiny and crammed. Bottom line, they should have just let this buffet chain die.
1	Walked in the other day. Looked at the dashboard size buffet of 8 maybe 10 items. One of those being fried chicken, which is probably better done across the street. Walked back out and will never return. The place is a rat hole! The building should be condemned.
5	Too be 100% honest it isn't all that bad. The food was decent. They do have a small selection but it is only $5 for all you can eat.I'm giving them 5 stars because all the reviews on here is expecting 5 star dining for $5.. a bit unfair for an all you can eat place.
2	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =OMG, say it isn't true!  I have to come back to this one already & give it an update?  It's only been 3 years 2 months & 29 days since I was here last time!  Let's wait!     :-OIt's true, I did have to force myself to come back to this Buffet, but I felt that I owed it to them to see if they've improved it from it's former One-Starness.  It's amazing that they're still in business here, actually!  Look at all of the Buffets that have closed down around them in the last three years, yet Mr. & Mrs. Kwan here soldier on!The negatives:*  The bathroom has one of those circulating cloth towels to dry your hands with, so you have to use toilet paper to turn off the faucets & open the door, if you want to leave with fewer germs on your hands than you came in with...  maybe!*  The doors on both sides of the restaurant were propped open, so I had to fight over my food with flies!*  The food selection was by far the smallest of any Chinese Buffet in the Valley, with only 8 trays!  It's not about price either.  Best Wok is CHEAPER than this place & has 32 main food items!The food:The items were Spring Rolls, Fried Rice, Lo Mein, mixed vegetables in a bit of a juice, fried chicken legs & thighs, crispy rice (?) chips, Pepper Chicken in sauce, & Sweet & Sour Pork.  Everything was the right temperature & tasted ok.The dining room:It's very blah, but was adequately clean & comfortable except for the flies.  The acoustics & light coming in were all right & there were a moderate number of customers coming & going during my visit, for both dining in & take-out.SO, Mike Kwan's Golden Coin here has improved a little from three years ago, but you're still better off driving west just over to 24th St. & right a block to New China Buffet.  They have a much larger food selection, a little nicer dining room, & $6.85 there includes help-yourself beverages.     :-)Golden Coin Lunch & Dinner Buffet always $5.16, cash only.
2	Very small selection of food.  a little over $7 total with tax and drink.One long tray of fried chicken.... only one thing missing. KETCHUP. Why bother eating fried chicken if you can't have it with Ketchup?No refill in drinks except ice tea. I gave two stars because the fried chicken actually tasted good.  If you like eating loads of fried chicken. go to this buffet. Just bring your own ketchup. lol I will never go to this buffet again, except if i have a massive craving for fried chicken.
1	this place sucked u walk in cash only had to go to chevron and pull money out biggest mistake i should have stayed out so its $6.95 with a drink and you have to get ice tea to get refills all the good ones u have to pay (not that the others were any better) another $1.40 (retarded) the selection is 4 or 5 dishes which include chicken, fried rice, fried noodles, small freaken veggie egg rolls and some pepper chicken (WTF) seat selection is not bad but you see drunk indians go behind the gas station not to mention if you need the restroom its a door that goes outside to another door smh this is NOT place you wanna go sorry but i will never return
4	I have been going to this place for the last 7 years or more. It is what you expect for cheap Chinese food. It is even referred to by my wife a "The Cheap Chinese Place". The Sweet and Sour Pork is a staple. The egg rolls are awesome and the Ice Tea is cold.. most of the time. The "To Go" Order is an amazing amount of food for the price. I highly recommend this place for a try. Don't go in expecting the best but it's better than most.
1	Wish I was able to give  1/2 of a Star! I don't know why the Yelper in me failed to check  out Golden Coin prior to giving it a shot.  However, I craved an all you can eat Chinese Buffet and went to Golden Coin because it was close to work. Probably the worst Chinese buffet I have ever been to, I take that back  "No Probably" about it, Golden Coin is the worst Chinese Buffet I have ever been to!                                     Eight Items on the Buffet Fried Wontons, Rice, Lo Mien, Vegetables, Chicken, Chicken Wings, Egg Rolls, & Sweet and Sour porkAs I took my first bite of rice a single thought ran through my head: "How can a Chinese Restaurant not cook rice right"?  If the rice wasn't bad enough the Lo Mien sure was, not sure how to describe that taste, but it's not Lo Mien, so I will stick with tasteless soggy noddles. The eggrolls were equally bad, small, cut in half, and horrible and once again a taste that is hard to describe, so lets go with tasteless again, after all it worked when describing the Lo Mien. Moving on to the sweet and sour pork, this dish consisted of  small,dried out,  hard pieces of what  I am assuming was pork covered in a reddish sauce that had the consistency of water.  Tasteless doesn't begin to describe that dish! The Wontons can best be described as greasy crispy noddles and don't even get me started on the chicken and wings. How in the world does Golden Coin prepare that stuff? It's awful. So there yo have it, that's it. The entire Golden Coin Buffet. Don't think you can wash down a bad meal with soda....no refills on the sodas at Golden Coin!!!!
4	The menu is small and the restaurant isn't the fanciest, but the food was decent and the price was extremely low. Good choice for a quick lunch/dinner.
3	I found myself in Phoenix, and the Golden Coin called out to me.Was it the minimal selection of only 8 or 9 options, at least two of them not at all Chinese, that brought me back? Certainly, I ate my fill of crisp wonton strips, fried rice, egg rolls, stir-fried vegetables, and the inevitable sweet and sour pork. I avoided completely the fried chicken and the french fries, and didn't regret my choice. I tried the chow mein noodles but didn't go back for more. I lamented the lack of lemon chicken, a favorite of mine from when I came here over 20 years ago.Was it the price? $7 and change for your fill of Chinese food and a drink is pretty reasonable by any standard, even if the selection isn't much to look at and the food itself doesn't stand out either. Service is kept to a minimum - your money (cash only please!) is taken as you enter and water and/or a soda of your choice is brought to a table chosen for you while you load up your plate. Empty plates are taken away regularly, and food is replenished periodically from behind the mysterious doors where it sounds like a lot of cooking is happening.Was it the ambience of a cash-only business with a single room for seating, the sounds of the cooking behind the scenes nearly drowned out by the sound of someone watching their Chinese film on a portable DVD player behind the counter? The worn tables and plastic plates that look just as they did 20 years ago, shaped vaguely like alien faces from the classic 1950's version of 'War of the Worlds'?The truth is that it was all of these things. Mike Kwan's Golden Coin is neither great nor terrible. The selection is limited, the food only fair (though I love those wonton crisps!), the service is minimal, and the price is right. But Golden Coin remains today mostly like what it was 20+ years ago, right down to the worn tables and the alien-face plates. Walking in and smelling the food is a strong dose of nostalgia, and remains a consistent experience in a world filled with change.
1	The food here is surprisingly better than i thought it would be, considering i rarely ever eat cheap food much less cheap all you can eat Chinese food. But do far the food is edible, i don't think I'm gonna get food poisoning, and it was after all cheap $7.40 for dinner with all your can eat and soda. I'm dropping stars because it seems impossible to get a refill on soda. So far it's been fifteen minutes and I thirsty as heck.  Is normally leave a tip, but I'm not happy with their service here
5	I know it gets a lot of bad reviews, but since I've been going to this place since I was a kid, and sweet and sour pork is my favorite "Chinese" dish, I'm giving it 5 stars. I remember as a kid, all of the Chinese food buffets had a thin sweet and sour sauce on crispy bits of breaded fried pork, but every other buffet I go to now has a very thick, overly sweet sauce. It's not a desert, it shouldn't be so sweet, and Golden Coin has been making this dish the same for so long, it's an absolutely perfect blend of sweet and sour. No they don't have a big selection, but it's better to make a few great items than to make 1000 mediocre items.
2	Pushing the boundary of the Chinese buffet.Generally I'll visit an establishment at least three times prior to writing a review.  A second or third visit to Mike Kwan's Gold Coin would be of surprise to me. CASH ONLY, with tax included $6.15 paid for my admission to this buffet-style meal.  Kid's under the age of four eat for $2.  It was surprisingly busy.The "buffet", in its entirety:Won-Ton CrispsFried RiceChow MeinMixed VegetablesFrench FriesEgg Roll HalvesFried ChickenHot WingsSweet & Sour PorkHere in lay my greatest criticism; Yes, technically, there is more than one Chinese item among the food set out in large trays for an individual to return to as many times as they like.  In no other way does the Gold Coin overlap with common consumer expectation of a "Chinese Buffet."  So, why was it so busy?  Because, for a tick north of five bucks a person could gluttonously stuff themselves with the above items; it is better thought of as an economical "family-style" meal.  If it was advertised as such, I bet Mike's would get better reviews as people wouldn't feel mislead when they walked in, and the balance of Chinese, to American, to Italian, to Mexican to whatever cultural dishes would be freed up as well.  It has its redeeming qualities, which is why it didn't get the single start rating; it's clean, inexpensive, and seemed like a friendly casual atmosphere.
