5	I love this place. They always greet me with a smile and perfect grooming every time. Same shopping center as the walmart, I always take my pomeranian in for grooming and ofcourse nothing but the best for my baby. lol.
4	Recently changed dog groomers because my mom was dissatisfied with the cuts from our previous one. My mom dropped in just to inquire about the price and when they told her $25 for both of our dogs, it made her book an appointment immediately since it was $17 less than our previous groomer. Took our dogs in (poodle and pekinese) and picked them up and both looked great! Poodle (girl) had real bows which weren't just tied up ribbons and the pekinese (boy) had a real handkerchief tied around his neck. They also did not require shots paperwork like other groomers, I don't know if that's a good a bad thing? Less of a hassle for dog owners I guess since you don't need to bring it in. I was also worried because its kind of difficult for new groomers to get acquainted with new dogs but thankfully they were able to manage since we got our dogs perfectly fine. This is definitely our new groomer, yay!
5	Love this groomer. Sue is awesome and wonderful. Very professional and Shiro loves her. :)
5	I love this groomer!They where very kind to my dogs and made them look amazing! I have two afghan hounds and they looked so cute after their baths and haircuts! My dogs are a lot of work and they charged me very little! I really like this groomer and I think even though I am moving to other side of town I'll still drive over here to bring them in. Sue and Brenda both very nice people! They gave my boys little bandanas- soooo cute!
5	Switched groomers since I moved across town, and I must say that I absolutely love the way my pup looks!! They were very thorough and made sure Dolce looked perfect!! Very friendly with great service. I will definitely be bringing my pup back here for grooming again!!
5	Love, love, love this place.  We moved to a home down the street a year ago but I've still been hauling across town to get my dog groomed.  I tried this place on a whim and it was such a great decision.  The facility was very clean and well maintained.  My dog looked great and got lots of special attention, including a tiny rhinestone on his ear.  The best part was the price which is about half what the big pet stores cost and about 30% less than I paid at my prior groomer that I was driving across town to use.  I can't recommend this place enough!
5	I came here hoping to find a good dog grooming salon and that will actually care about my dog, and I found it. She was so nice with my Yorkie and she was done cutting her hair in like an hour and a half. Plus this place has reasonable prices. I'll definitely come back
5	Super friendly and reasonable!!! My yorkie and poodle look great! I've been seeing the same groomer for years but it's difficult to get in. Thought I would try somewhere new, happy I did.
5	I took my terrier Tequila there today to get groomed and she looks soooo cute!  Groomer there did a great job on her, and it was a great price. Would highly recommend for your pooch and will be returning for future grooms! Thanks Urban Dog, Quila looks so cute.
5	Just took my maltipo & shitzu for grooming and loved it! My maltipo has been groomed at another shop for awhile I like services but it takes 5+ hours. Urban dog took 2 1/2 hours for 2 dogs and half the price. Found new groomer!!!
