5	I've shopped at Rockzone Records on University for a couple of years and haven't discovered this place yet.  Then the buttheads of Rockzone decided to close and now I thought I was screwed because there aren't too many places to pick up vinyls for a dollar.  Till I looked up Revolver Records.  I mean Zia Records wasn't cutting it for me.  I headed up there today actually because I had a few dollars to spare.  They probably could of found a better spot for the dollar vinyls but when I did find them, I was amazed.  If I had more money, I would of went apeshit.  I picked up some great deals on some of the vinyls including Lynyrd Skynyrds first album, and Jethro Tull Aqualung for a dollar each, and they worked just fine.  This place is a really cool place if you dig vinyls.
3	Hate to do this to the new location but honestly speaking, it's simply just an average record store. Nothing really stands out about it. The prices are comparable to other record stores in the Phoenix/Tempe area, the selection is nothing to write home about, and most of the vinyl (not even considering the $1 ones) are in fairly poor condition. Understandable when you're examining a 40 year old vinyl that was average quality to begin with but still, some quality control or better pricing on these records would be much appreciated! Positives do exist here though! The staff is always friendly and the two times I've been to this location have led to interesting conversations with really musically knowledgable guys. Also it's in a fairly low key location which means you'll have almost the entire store to yourself when you're browsing. No pressure. It's worth a visit though! The world needs more local record shops so try and stop by to support the cause. Even an average real record store beats the hell out of an  F. Y. E!
3	Not as good as the Phoenix location.  But a nice alternative to zia for the east valley.
5	As a fan of collecting, digging and looking for records, this place is a must. The selection for soul, jazz, hip hop and rare groove is second to none in the valley. Everything is priced to sell- staff knows there stuff. I swing by here at least twice a month.
5	This place is everything you want  from a small, local record store.Revolver is small, but when you walk in, the atmosphere makes up for it. Immediately, the smell of old vinyl fills your nose (along with some nag champa incense, not bad at all) and the scratchy pops of a record playing over the store's speakers will lull you into musical nirvana.I'd never heard of this tiny place, and I frequent this intersection of Southern and McClintock pretty often (what up, Sprouts?). Revolver is tucked away on the southwest corner of the intersection, right behind (south of) Xtreme Bean Coffee. I wandered in tonight in search of inexpensive vinyl to use in an art project and I couldn't have been happier with the selection. Underneath the main bins of albums, there are many cardboard boxes filled with records for $1 a piece. I was expecting some random, weirdo, obscure shit that I'd never heard of (thus justifying the $1 price tag), but I was genuinely surprised and delighted at the selection to be had.I will be back! Great little no-frills record store.
5	Hands down - one of the best record shops I've ever had the pleasure of scouting! The genre choice is abundant, the local supply is ample, and the quality of the used and vintage stuff is unsurpassed. Above all this is the pricing of the items, which is undeniably fair!! If you're thinking about getting back into vinyl or if (like me) you're looking to add to your audiophile collection, this is the place to score. Enjoy!
4	All I have to say is $1 bin.  So far, Otis Redding, Ray Charles and Solomon Burke duo album, Roberta Flack, Slim Whitman (just kidding, I didn't buy that but it's probably still there if you're interested), Buddy Holly, Simon and Garfunkel and Nina Simone - all $1.  Okay, a few were scratched but I'm not a collector nor am I going to cry over a $1 when my favorite track sounds like a bad loop.  However, if you're into impressing your friends with scratched records, you're in luck because they have tons. The selection is a bit scant if you're looking outside of the dollar bins, but the quality is there to make up for it and the prices aren't ridiculous. The Tempe location doesn't compare to the Phoenix location either, but the only real local competition is Zia and when I add up the total hours of work I had to do to buy an album there, I always end up giving em' the ole "it's not you, it's me".  Plus, their grab bags might as well be called "estate sale reject surprise bags" because I got one for Christmas and the South Pacific soundtrack and holiday compilations don't qualify as exciting grabs.The store is small but even in elbow-to-elbow traffic, I don't feel flustered.  They also adjust the music volume according to current customer volume which is a big plus since I'm not a fan of having people shout my total to me in a store with only 3 people inside.Overall, I love this store, I really do.  I've never regretted a purchase and I've never left empty handed.  If you don't like it, give it a week and check the stock again, there is always something.  Seriously though, dollar bin, worth the knee-cramp every time.
4	They have amazing stuff in those $1 bins! They've got a pretty decent selection of records, and they'll help you find what you're looking for. I've definitely added Revolver visits it to my weekly routine.
