1	Very Poor Performance! Do not hire as a speaker.
1	I worked for Steven in 2007 as one of the people that helped booked his speaking engagements and helped with set up at the venues, etc.  He is probably the worst public speaker I have ever seen - scattered, no clear direction and very full of himself.  To make matters worse, I was diagnosed with Stage 4 Melanoma in early January of 2008.  When I reached out to him to let him know that I would need to go to a couple of preliminary appointments and that my work would not be affected and that I needed this job now more than ever (because I had no benefits), he fired me.  In an e-mail.  He said he needed someone that would be fully dedicated to marketing his programs on his schedule and then said I could reach out once I handled my health issues to see if they had another position open.  Just like that.  Fortunately, I have the most amazing friends that rallied around me and helped raise money for my expenses, so I didn't do more to let people know what he had done at the time, but I always knew I wanted to world to know what he did to me.Awful speaker and a pretty bad guy all around.  Don't waste your time or money on someone that only cares about himself.
1	I'm not sure I'd call Steven Cates a fraud, but I sure do feel conned out of $900!Steven Cates hit up our small business to be a sponsor for one of his talks in California. After we sent out invites and promoted the event to our network... he changed the date... not once, but at least 4 times! After the second time we were so embarrassed we requested a refund and didn't want to be associated with him at all. He said he's give a partial refund.... so we reluctantly agreed to continue forward.The day of the event there were fewer than 10 people present. What a total waste of money. He has not sent any refund and is not answering our correspondence.What little of his presentation that I did observe was not meaningful and felt rather sly and sneaky. I could only take the talk for an hour or so, but I don't think others in the audience were resonating with him either.I feel like he just took our money and ran... and I really wish I had read the other Yelp reviews before taking his bait and falling into his trap.If you have a chance - avoid this guy at all costs. And if he offers you an "elite sponsorship opportunity," turn tail and run the other way!Ripped off in San Francisco, CA.
