1	Some pretty nice things in here.  However with the store just opening not a single sales associate said hi or, as we walked past the main checkout area again no greetings.  Not off to a great start.
4	Normally I wouldn't write a review for a store I didn't actually buy anything in, but that one star review is ridiculous haha that person also didn't buy anything, and wrote a 1 star review because he wasn't approached in the store the one time he went in. Overkill. Anyway, this place is nice, new, and quite large. There was a lot of selection, and while it's a bit more expensive than I would like, they had some nice bundle deals. Unlike the other person, we were greeted and approached numerous times by friendly employees that were perhaps a little too eager to make a sale, but we would have had no problem asking any questions and getting an quick answer. At the end of the day it's an Ashley furniture. Probably similar prices to other Ashley stores, but this one is new, large, and even has some good grand opening deals.
4	I love Ashley Furniture and have gotten a few items from them before, so we went to check out the new store on Sahara. As we walked in, a bunch of sales associates were just standing by the entrance. Three was no greeting or asking if we needed assistance. After about 20-30 minutes walking on our own, I had a question and called out for the first sales associate I saw. Sherry was very nice and helpful and seemed to be sincerely surprised that we were not being helped by anyone. She was very patient with us and our impatient kids. We weren't able to make up our minds in the pieces we looked at, so Sherry made us the print outs with dimentions, prices, and options. As I said she was patient and not pushy as many other sales associates are. The selection of furniture is fair, but it's not a very big store (per sales associate it's 15,000sf vs 65,000sf store with a clearance section we went to before). I absolutely loved the selection of decor though it's quite pricey. If not for Sherry I would have given less stars.
5	Recently went in the new store on w Sahara Greeted by lots of associates We were not intending on buying anything but as we were looking around we found a couch we liked We bought it , there were a few issues of how it fit in our house We needed to revise what we bought Josh  the manager made sure we got t right and he was so helpful We Will Definitely Be Back In The Future.  Thank you Josh
1	Made the mistake of coming back a second time to purchase a dining table.  First time was a nightmare (see Ashley Furniture Henderson review) now after pushing a delivery date two weeks already, they are calling me to notify me that the table will be delivered but no chairs are available for another three months... What the hell am I supposed to do with a dining table and no chairs.  This company is absolute garbage.
