1	We ordered here last Friday night. I was told it would be a hour wait for delivery, so we went and picked it up since I had a hungry husband and 4 year old.  When we pulled it it looks like some crummy hole in the wall pizza place.  There was 4 or so young people outside, so I go in and tell the boy at the counter I'm here for a pick up and my name, he says nothing goes to the back and gets my order. Why he is getting my order one from outside walked in, he is a worker in a dirty workshirt with a pair of tacky overly sized pair of basketball shorts on. In the sitting area they have a huge loveseat that is broke down needs to be taken to the dump with it's caved in seating and filthy cloth. I ordered a large BBQ chicken pizza and lasanga. The pizza looks as if someone took chunks of cheese over the pizza threw a few peices of chicken and some onions on the pizza with barely any sauce, when you take the cheese off it looks as if a paintbrush ran a light coating of sauce that you can literaly see threw.  The lasanga comes in a big take out aluminum pan, the while peice of lasagna was about the length of a fork and the width of 2 fork heads. It took up less then a quarter of the pan. The lasanga was so bland with no taste and covered it a sauce that tasted like it just came out of a can. The meatballs was ok. The best thing about the whole meal was the little tiny salad that came with the lasanga.  On the flyer we got from the hotel says they are authentic. There is nothing authentic about this place. It also states they hav 10 years experience. Cooking at home for your family doesn't count. If you want some real Italian food DON'T go here.  They also spam your hotels and more then likely other places with flyers. I get at least 2 a week from these people on my door.  Spend the money on real advertising.
4	The store is not dirty and its not in a scary part of town. The employees have always been very nice. You get a good value for your money.  This is my family's go-to pizza joint.
5	The pizza is delicious, fill  your tummy with warm gooey  cheesy goodness.. Great job Mama Mia!
3	Good pizza for a great price. You can't go wrong with the pick up special, they charge $7.50 with tax for a large pie and you pick a topping. Like another reviewer said no need for extra cheese they aren't cheap with it. Just make sure to call 25 minutes in advance so they have it fresh out of the oven for you. This place isn't fancy but the food and service have always made me happy.
1	BEWARE Mama Mia has been sold.  Everything we liked about Mama' is gone. Friendly service, gone, good food, gone.  New owner laugh at old owers woes and I am sure have never been in this business before.  My food was void of seasoning and if there was cheese on it I did not notice.  The menu is new and very expensive.  We' are very sorry that we will not go again, as Mama WAS a great local place.  I suggest you find some where new.
5	ben there twice since the new owners took over.   great lubch special of 2 slices and soda for just 5 bucks.  ordered a delivery mama special it was quick and tasted awesome.
4	We were totally addicted to the pizza of Mama Mia.  We were spoiled by the pizza and the $7.50 price.The price went up with the new owners so we went looking elsewhere.  We couldn't find pizza in the nearby area we liked AND were willing to pay the big bucks.  Good pizza but getting close to $20.00 for a large nearby.   So we went back to Mama Mia recently and got a large pepperoni for close to $13.00 with tax.  And we liked it!   Good amount of cheese and sauce and a good New York style crust.  This is good pizza!  We don't have anything else nearly as good for the price around here.
5	Awesome pizza good service a place I would go to in my neighborhood.They deliver too.  this is real pizza im from brookly and I know pizza.  GET REALY PIZZA HERE
5	I live around the area where this place is located and I gotta say I'm practically a regular there. I used to go there even before the new management. The new management actually picked up the place and made it better! I love their chicken fingers they always fill me up just right, and their garlic knots are delicious. Also their delivery people are always so nice to me! Great food and great service for a person like me :)
5	The food was great, the service was friendly, overall great experience the only thing average at Mama Mia's was the prices.  We have ordered twice from them and both time it has been extra ordinary.  I work close and will be ordering pizza for my whole office to try.
5	Mama Mia's is my #1 go-to pizza joint in town. The crust is crisp but not too crunchy, good cheese and friendly service. Delivery is fast and friendly, too! Happy to finally found  a great place to get a pizza pie.
1	horrible.  ordered 1 piece of cheese pizza. waited waited waited. owner complained about partner not showing to relieve him.  waited waited watied.  owner #1 puts on his coat and walks out.  owner #2 walks in. waited waited waited.  i walk out. owner #1 asks me as i am walking out door "dont you want your pizza? it will only take a minute."
4	Always have had great service here. The stuffed pizza is a great value (good for a few meals) and the quality of ingredients have always been good. The Philly cheese steak sandwiches are good here as well.For value I would put Mama Mia's under the current management up with the best pizza places in town.
5	As I read the yelp reviews, my wife and I with our 4 children decided to give Mama Mia's a try. As we walked in, we were greeted with a warm welcome. The chef actually came over to us and started to explain how he makes everything by hand and the more he went on the hungrier we became. The chef wasn't all talk. The Food was Delicious!! Even the Salad. We ordered 2 pizzas, buffalo wings and Spaghetti. Like I said, it was Delicious!! The service was excellent. The chef came over and took a picture of us and after we ate, he gave us some Cupcakes that he made, for free. The kids loved that part. We would definitely recommend this place. It's very reasonable for a big family like ours.
3	Something is different. Not sure if ownership recently changed but the quality in pies has taken a dive.
3	This place seems to be under new ownership with the same name- I never would have known if I hadn't commented on their cute pizza clock over the kitchen door, and was told it came with the place when they took over 2 months ago.Service was friendly. Ordered a large house salad with Italian and a slice of pepperoni to go. Salad was large, but underwhelming- should have opted for a specialty salad, as the mix of iceberg lettuce and peppers with a mostly-straight-olive-oil Italian dressing just didn't really do it for me. It's well-priced for a large portion at $5, and may be much better simply with a different dressing.Was pleasantly surprised by the pizza- was expecting the kind of by-the-slice stuff that has likely sat out, but my piece was fresh, cheesy, and featured giant pepperonis. The crust was also well-seasoned with a garlicky blend that I really enjoyed, and the sauce was a very savory chunky tomato version that was heartier than what I usually find on pizza. It was quite greasy though, and required using multiple napkins as I ate, making me feel a bit sick toward the end- but it was so tasty!
5	The owner explained the sauce was made from fresh not canned tomato.  It makes a difference in the taste.  The pepperoni is cut in large rounds and is a good quality pepperoni.  The crust is so good I could eat that all by itself.  Lots of cheese and that's what I want.  The owners are very friendly and it's a pleasure to stop in to pick up an order.
5	Decided to go in here after my nail appt next door... And it's amazing! They're under new ownership, and the service was beyond outstanding! The prices were more than fair, and the place was really clean. The pizza wasn't out of this world, but it was still good. I would drive across town for this place. And you must try their cookies!
5	This place has done a complete 180 being under new management. The food was great. You can tell that everything there is made fresh, and the customer service was outstanding. I will definitely be back!
4	The store has been sold a couple of times in the past couple years and the new owners seem to have a clue  about good pizza and food prep. If you used to come here and stopped, give them another shot. Previous owner made terrible pizza, but the pie now is back to something you'd come back for. Store usually manned by Doug (owners son) & Mandy, they run a nice, clean place with tasty pizza, wings and chicken. That's all we've ordered so far, but we will again be using Mama Mia as our fave local pizza joint so I'm sure we will get to know the menu a lot better soon.
4	So this place always has a sign outside saying they have a "carry-out" special of an XL 1 topping pizza so i decided to go ahead and try it out i mean for $7 who wouldn't. Well here is what a good example of "You get what you pay for" comes into play. The pizza was first of all way too much tomatoe sauce and then the dough was soggy. When i picked up the first slice of pizza right before i tried to bite it, all the toppings slid right off.. Epic FAIL to say the least lol i couldn't do anything but laugh! Sheesh if i would have just not been lazy and drove the extra half of a mile to pizza hut i could've paid $3 more for a real pizza. Not sure if i'd ever eat here again.. well maybe i would under one conditions.. The toppings stayed in place :-)
