5	I wanted a pair of Chanel eyeglasses and Sharona Optical had just what I was looking for.  Not only did they have my Chanels but they offer the highest quality in lens options and the optician was very knowledgable in helping my choose lenses that work with my prescription.
5	Great selection of frames. Very knowledgeable and friendly opticians.
1	Slow, disorganized, and it felt like they were more interested in selling glasses, contacts and all the add-ons than the health of my eyes.I've worn glasses and contacts for 20+ years, and this experience was noticeably different.I'm sure the eye doctors are probably good...of my two hours in their office, I saw him for 5 minutes.  The rest of my time was spent in the waiting room, with an intern, and being up sold for all the add-ons around my contact and glasses (like a used car dealer selling you the sealer wax).Pros:  solid selection of designer glasses, coffee while you wait in their lobby.Cons: slow, disorganized, limited time with actual eye doctor, seemingly focused on sales volume and turning patients.Your mileage may vary, I have definitely come to expect more from my eye doctors and their staff.
1	My negative experience with Sharona Optical and their apparently affiliated Horizon Eye Specialists & LASIK Center has been too long and involved to recount without boring a reader to tears, but the bottom line is it's been REALLY bad for me.I would only recommend them to a prospective eye care patient if (for some awful reason) I hated them a lot, and wanted them to beat their head against a wall until it bleeds.I'm getting a headache right now just thinking about having made the mistake of doing business with them.
5	I just want to thank Sharona Optical for a marvelous experience getting the right eyeglasses. I have been to many places and Sharona is tops. First is tech BrIan, thank you so much. Blink blink blink blink. He knows hoe to get the most accurate perscription. Of course how to tell you about Monica, who put me so at ease. Did I tell you I'm a bit nervous? Getting eyeglasses is a bit expensive but it's worth it to get the right frAmes and the right measurements. Voila!!! Thank you to Brian and Monica. They are my go to eyeglass team forever!!!!
