4	Since discovering the Jazz in the Park series http://www.yelp.com/biz/jazz-in-the-park-series-las-vegas#hrid:xNFoJzDeBZAzzbbs_6vmMA/src:self, we've been frequenting the Clark County Amphitheater every year for these lovely outdoor musical events.Located conveniently across from the Premium Outlets, there are plenty of parking spaces available with an easy walk to the amphitheater itself.The amphitheater is set up with grassy levels which makes bringing blankets and low back chairs ideal.  There are plenty of concrete walkways to push a stroller (or wheelchair) or to drag an ice cooler as well.There are even real bathrooms available (and not portable ones) for these concert events, although there can be a line as there are only a handful of stalls.During such events, there are usually a few vendors selling their wares, so you won't starve.  Plenty of garbage cans are available to limit littering and all the events we've attended request that no smoking take place on the lawn.I really enjoy coming out this way for these local events - it's never too crowded where you can't find a spot on the grass and many people make a picnic out of it.  (We always do!)My only concern is that there were some unpleasant bugs running around during one of the last events we were at.  In the dim light, I saw this particular bug run across our cheese container and that just put me off and ultimately sent the cheese to the rubbish.  Technically, you don't see these bugs running around rampant, but I'm sure they do exist and come out when the sun starts to drop and there are bits of food everywhere.Overall, the Clark County Amphitheater is really clean and a great place to have these (often free) family-friendly events.  I'm sure it'll get busier every year.
5	Wow....I can't belive it took me this long to go and check this place out.  It was off the chain.  The first time we just went to check it out.  You take your own chairs/blanket/Pillows/ Drinks....yesssssssssss  Drinks, food and relax it's awsome...But it's over ; v (  so next yr I will be there every Saturday.  They have vendors.  Food drins, clothing, and some other things as well.  But it's amazing.  The warm up bands are high school students so just....ummm yea wait for the real thing to hit the stage, it's well worth it.
5	This may be the best ever venue to have an outdoor beer tasting event and October 20th was a perfect day-not too hot and certainly not cold. Had a lot of fun, hope something else is hosted here.
4	Being new to the Valley I am continuing to see the beautiful places that Vegas has to offer. Attending the Vegas Loves Brazil event I had the pleasure to see the beautiful Amphitheater. The facility was incredible and I look forward to seeing whatever events they put on here. The joy of outdoor open air events while sitting on the grass is my favorite type of events.
5	been  in the Park for other things a love it there Keep me up to date and when thing slowdown i like to get involve From Jim Denice
5	I've been to a couple events here and this place is perfect for holding big events.  All you have to do is brink a chair, or blanket, snacks, and drinks(if permitted) and you're set for a good evening.  During the day you can find a nice spot under the shade and as the day goes on, more shade becomes available.  Anywhere you set up here is a great spot to see what's happening on stage.  My family and I went to a festival here and when it was over, we went over the outlet mall, which is across the street.  In the same area is the Smith Center which is beautiful after dark, also in the day. There are many things to do in the area and you could plan a decent day/evening;  relaxing on the lawn in the amphitheater is one of them.
5	it was a good night and Marlena Shaw was funny and goodmeet a lot of good people and new  groups be there next week
5	Every county should offer community events that are class and free. Way to kick it up a notch Clark county. This is my third time coming to jazz in the park and each time is a unique and healthy experience. Vegas has the best evening weather for an outdoor event too.
5	Jazz in the Park: with David BenoitIt was a good night at Jazz and the parkI have a lot of David Benoit CDsPlayed on my patio and in my carIt was so good to see him live and the other two other guys behind the greatThe band before was also very goodThey were high school students but they played real goodVery entertainingJazz in the park was very good all of the shows they hadI miss two to see all the restI would definitely go back can enjoy the amp the theaterAnd the location and the sounds good everywhere you sat it was good  music sound and over all a good timeWill come back
