4	Great job here as always, but they often mischarge me...rather, overcharge me
4	I never get any clothes dry cleaned, so this was my 1st experience at the cleaners. I bought a new king sized comforter for our bed, but it was way too big for our washer & dryer so I decided to take it to the cleaners. I believe this place is called $2.25 cleaners now, at least that's what the sign says. Any way, I decided to just do the regular laundry washing as opposed to dry cleaning, & it cost me $15. I dropped it off on a Saturday & was told it would be ready on Wednesday. Our comforter was all pretty & clean & folded nicely in a plastic bag. It's black so there were still some fuzzies on it but with black that's hard to avoid. I might get it dry cleaned next time to see if there's a major difference, it would be an extra $7 to do so.
4	I am here twice a week to drop off work clothes. They are always quick and friendly, love the guy that's usually in front. Prices are good, and I have never had a problem with their work. Ive had comforters cleaned for $15, not bad, and yesterday dropped off two pairs of pants, one of which needed the hems on both legs sewn, for a grand total of $11.
1	Before you go there, check their Better Business Bureau grade- its an "F"!  They already have 3 complaints that they never responded to, and I'm about to file another one!  This is a horrible excuse for a cleaners.  I went there about 5-6 times (wanting to use them because they were cheap and really close to my house), but I never got anything back that was clean or pressed enough to wear.  Now they have ruined 2 pairs of my pants and refuse to take responsibility for them.  Awful people!!!  Run the other direction!!
5	Great service. Great people. What else can you ask for?! I recommend this cleaners to everybody!
5	Always quick & do a great job cleaning & pressing the clothes. Prices are also very reasonable & the people are always nice & very friendly.
5	Awesome dry cleaner.  Never had a problem with them and have been going there for almost two years.
2	Took a fancy $300 comforter here to get dry cleaned and although it was 1/2 the cost I've paid at other dry cleaners, it was obviously 1/2 the quality.Cat threw up on the comforter and there are still remains of it after being "cleaned". It also smells like I picked it up from a thrift store. I've had this cleaned twice before and never had an issue. The guy at the counter was very fast and got me in and out super quick, but if they opened up the comforter to look at it, they would have easily seen the stain. I shouldn't even call it a stain because it's not discolored, there are just dried up remains still on the blanket. I scratched at it lightly with my fingernail and it was coming off easily. Quick service, poor quality. Will not be back.
4	Fast. Friendly. Great value. Excellent quality. I've been going here for years. They do a great job, it's not expensive, and the turn-around time is fast. The only thing that would make it better is if they had a drive-thru!I'm sure that they are not able to get out every single stain. The reviewers who seem to think this is unacceptable clearly haven't been around around too long. By the way, regarding the post about complaints with the BBB, who cares? The BBB deploys mafia-like tactics to pad their bottom line. It's useless, irrelevant, and not worth a business-owner's time.
1	They are lucky leaving 0 stars is not an option. This place ruined my DRY cleaning. I need to emphasize DRY because they washed the items i brought to them.. not only did they wash my items.. which are now color stained and washed out in areas.. they also creased (pic attached) items that clearly have a NO CREASE tag... with sooooooo much starch the pant legs were literally glued together. I have never had my things ruined or had such a piss poor job done on my dry cleaning before. Im a little shocked still.. when people drop things off and entrust a business with their personal items, to do a job that is ... oh i dont know... on the huge neon sign above their door!!! I believe i should be able to trust them to properly do the things theyre advertising for... .... ffs.   If you value your clothes... go somewhere else.
4	I like this establishment.  They are the 8th dry cleaners I have dealt with and I seem to able to stop looking.  They do very good work and I am always in and out quickly.  The staff is pretty cool too.  I am bit critical because before coming to AZ I have never signed away the right of recourse in reference to the potential of my items being damage, never paid upfront, nor I have never gotten collar stays inserted or even known if I was missing a butting as this is taken care of on the east coast.  But, until I open my own I will never be happy.  In the interim, Eldorado is great.
1	Lets make this easy   Just moved here  brought them 7 pairs of pants for dry-cleaning  6 came back worse than when I dropped them off   Took them back   Picked up a couple days later, same condition   Decided it wasnt worth a third try so I ironed myself  Moving on to another local cleaners for my $30/week in dry cleaning
