4	Rue Masson out here on the avenue streets is small town sweet with a mix of stylish bistros and brasseries and older Quebec casse croutes and cremeries with the 60s signage that tugs at my heart-strings and feels like home. Succursale sits on a sunny corner across the street from a Renaissance, it's a long wide bar, similar in size to EtOh, and shares this bright modern post-pub feeling. (Don't get me wrong, I love a dim wooden cozy hole of a pub, but this other clean bright vibe has it's appeal.) We sat at wooden banquets in the bustling room and had just enough time to scan the chalkboards of home made beers and beer cocktails before a waitress came to take our order. Service matched the room: stylish, French, not overly familiar but unobtrusively exactly what you needed. The beers were pretty freakin great, and that's the most important thing. Big $6 pints of delicious Porter, English Brown ale, IPAAA and the guest star bottle of British micro-brew Jaipur was a treat, and, according to my more beer savvy companion, not found elsewhere in town. The tostada nachos came out quick and hit the spot but were just the basic cheese, olive pile you'd expect with a small side bowl of sour cream, salsa and a few peppers. Nothing to write home about but a satisfying snack to accompany some excellent beers in a chill, business and young-person friendly room.
4	So far I have been fairly impressed with the microbreweries in Montreal. On our bike ride back from the Biodome, we stopped for a break at La Succursale, and the beer did not disappoint. The bar is clean and bright, fitting right in on a street lined with boutiques. That day there was a festival of some sort going on outside, so the atmosphere was lively and celebratory. We tried the cidre (delicious, but sweet enough where a verre is plenty), the hefeweizen, and the bunnweizen. Personally, I couldn't tell much difference between the two -weizen's, and think it might make more sense for them put a different beer on the menu to increase the diversity, but they were both tasty and enjoyable.The gentleman behind the bar was friendly, though after I asked if he spoke English (he did), he still would only speak French to me. If you're a non-French speaking tourist, go here expecting to point at things and to use your basic French to get by. Definitely worth a trip down Rue Masson, with a stop for some refreshment at La Succursale.P.S. Downstairs they have a machine that will test your blood alcohol--you blow in a straw into this machine and it gives you your reading. Totally worth the 25 cents in pure entertainment.
5	I Came here to watch the Soccer WorldCup, they have beers I have never heard of at good price and taste good...great service..and everyone was friendly, didn't know anyone and met good people and ya Colombe(blonde.tall.photograph.cutie) lol but she left a bit early ....
