3	So the big question since we moved down to Charlotte has been, Where the heck can we find a good bagel and slice of pizza? Someone told me that Einstein bagels has bagels that taste just like New York bagels, so I checked them out. Sadly, I was misled. Although, I must say, they were the closest I've found so far. I ordered a honey-wheat bagel and it tasted very fresh, it was still hot and soft. Put a little of their garden veggie cream cheese and I was good to go. Their cream cheese was VERY good, it wasn't as thick as most are and they didn't glop on enough for 4 bagels onto my one bagel. It was very light tasting, almost like hummus. YUM! If this is as close as it's going to get to a NY bagel, I'll take it.
2	This place is a crapshoot.....sometimes you can go through the line with no problems, sometimes you wait in a long line. Sometimes you get nice people helping you, sometimes they won't even crack a smile. Sometimes you get a fresh, fluffy bagel, sometimes you get one that you gnaw at so hard you think your teeth are going to fall out. Sometimes they get your order right, sometimes they don't Unfortunately, the latter has been happening more frequently than I like so I only foresee myself heading back there (if that at all) if I get one of their coupons in the mail
4	I enjoy this place alot...very convenient location if you work Uptown.Great coffee...I like Einsteins house brews alot more than Starbucks or Caribou.  If you are just a regular ol' coffee drinker, and don't do the "mocha-java-latte-venti" thing, then get a regular cup of joe here....you won't be disappointed.This place has the best cream cheese out of all the bagel joints in town.  They don't even call it cream cheese....it's a shmear.  They've taken cream cheese and whipped it into a fluffy goodness that is fantastic.  I hate when I try to spread cream cheese and it's so stiff it rips the bagel to shreds...this doesn't happen here!Friendly fast service...they've got a streamlined process of pushing people through the line, so even during the high traffic times, it doesn't take too long to get my order.
4	Bagel anyone?  I'll take Einstein over pretty much any other.  Breakfast bagels are simply the best with lots of variety, regular or thin bagels.  The bagel thin sandwich with egg whites, mushrooms, asparagus and swiss is fabo!  I love pumpkin season at Einstein because the pumpkin bagels, spreads and muffins are major taste-bud treats.  Einstein is pricey, so sign up on their website and wait on the coupons to save a few bucks....
5	If you like a casual place, with great bagels, then this is the place for you! I could eat breakfast or lunch here everyday! I am so thankful that I can just walk right across the street from where I live and eat here.
1	This location is no longer open.
