1	Wow.  Sears has truly become an antiquated dinosaur.  The right hand doesn't even know they have a left hand, let alone what the left hand is doing!We ordered an electronics item online.  They messed up the order.  We called the store and ordered it directly from the store.  They told us it couldn't be delivered (found out was certainly NOT the case after the fact).  We went to pick it up, they could not find the order.  After an hour in the store, we gave up and started a new order over from scratch.  Got the item home - it was DEFECTIVE.  After DAYS of back and forths, they finally got us a working one.  Now, after 12 days, we have yet to see the credit for the original defective merchandise that was returned.  HEADACHES to the max.  SO am not shopping there again!
3	Average Sears chain.
2	Pretty average. Craftsman has really gone downhill with all their tools being made overseas now.  Clerks seem discouraged at this store.  They are helpful, but just seem frustrated with not being proud of the tools they sell any more.  Frustrated with Sears as a whole, this location is pretty average.  However, there is at least one guy in tools who can actually rebuild your ratchet instead of just replace it with chinese crap if it's broken.  Granted, it gets rebuilt with chinese innerds, but at least you have your USA ratchet.  Don't let them swap out your broken US made tool with a new Chinese made one!  I really only shop in tools, though that too will soon be changing.
1	Online Sears has a new twist on an old con. Bait & Switch at it finest. I wanted to purchase 2 of these work benches at http://www.searsoutlet.com/Height-Adjustable-Clamping-Table/d/product_details.jsp?pid=13011&mode=seeAll&zipChange=true. The price on the page was Craftsman Professional Height Adjustable Clamping TableReconditioned Item # 65796  |  Model # 65796(24 Reviews) $31.93 - $51.93   Reg Price $79.99 Up to 60% OFF This product is eligible for Store pickupNOTE: This item is eligible for store pickup, so I tried to order 2 and the price jumped to $79.99 each for a store pickup!.  I was interrupted by a Chat popup, so I asked Elaine for help. Her first reply was "Might be tax" and then she suggested I try the help line totally ignoring my "How did the price go from $31.93 to $79.99". Needless to say, I recognized the "Bail & Switch" and I backed out of the order.
1	I was walking the mall and I thought to go into Sears to look at maybe some close. I instead ended up in the electronics. I have been wanting to get a bluetooth speaker. I found one that was a small cube which is cute and it was marked on sale that is a $20 difference then what is the regular price.There was a register near were I was there were two employees talking to each other at another one. I asked it I could buy this item one says over here. The other employee that rang me up asked the other one if she has to use this certain tablet i think to ring me up instead of the register and the other employee said yes its commission. Uuumm...one thing I picked this item out on my own with out assistance from any employee why should you get commission on that? The employee that did the sale didn't seem thrilled through out he whole thing. When the item rang up at regular price and I told her that it was marked on sale she kind of gave me attitude about it, but when we walked over and I showed her the price she did change it. I have not really been a fan of Sears and I don't think I will go back.On a side note I do like the speaker.
1	I wouldn't even give it one star. Bought a kenmore range that was just ok but the connecting hose didn't fit. The hose was charged separately to the credit card and when I tried to return it was told it was purchased with points and would not remove the charge. I did not use points and if they did why was the charge on the card?  I talked to 6 customer service people and drove back to the store 3 times. In the end I was able to track down a regional manager who more or less resolved the problem.  But the aggravation and time it consumed for such a small thing was not worth it. Will not shop there again and highly recommend you don't either.
