4	Cocobun just opened in the the mall downstairs from where I work which means I don't need to go all the way to China Town any more to get these great buns. If you can think of it this bakery has probably already put it in a bun! they have a large selection of sweet  to savoury buns. The selection includes beef, ham, hot dog, custard, mango and red bean. My favs include the mango and red bean buns and the tan tarts (a small custard filled tart). They also have a great selection of bubble teas. They have only been open for a few weeks and every time I pass by the place is crawling with a mix of Dawson students and office tower workers. Opening this type of shop outside of China Town may have sounded like a risk but it seems that it has exposed an entire new demographic to the joys of eating buns. They are located on the metro level of Alexis Nihon near the entrance to the Atwater Metro station. Enjoy!
4	This place opened not too long ago in the Plaza Alexis Nihon and is located right across from the Tim Hortons, and in the old Dollar store. They have a wide selection of various buns, some hot, others are cold - well, not cold, room temp - some are sweet, others are savoury. There is a small space at the back to sit down and eat your purchase, but I chose to take my order to go, due to a time crunch. Still, I spent a good deal of time, looking around and trying to figure out which one of the 3 dozen or so different flavours I was craving. I love the red bean bun, and get a kick out of the tuna buns, but I settled on getting a sausage and relish bun, something really drew me to it. These were as expected, tasty, sweet, salty. I can't wait to try more!
5	This is the best place on earth!! Just walking in, the smell is enough to make you drool. They have tons of different buns and pastries to choose from, as well as drinks, like bubble tea and smoothies. My favorite are the green tea buns, never had one like it anywhere else. They also sell lots of different japanese treats such as pokey sticks (yum) and other candy/cookie type things.
4	If you know Chinese, you'd know that they're the same owners as Harmonie. What a great marketing technique to set up in Place Alexis Nihon. It's the best place to go to when you're tired of shopping and want some good ol' Asian buns. They're always putting out new stuff. Just two days ago, we found Hello Kitty and Totoro buns. They seem to specialize in sweeter buns, but you can always find the regular "cha siu bao" and the Asian-hot dog bun. Not hungry? Don't worry. They make bubble teas as well. I'm not a fan of BBT, but their cold lemon tea and HK-style milk tea will make you want to visit Asia.
4	I've had their baked goods previously, from their main store in Chinatown, most of which I avoided due to the fact that most  of the baked goods are filled with pork,which I do not consume. As for the sweet stuff, I liked the coconut filled buns, the egg bread, and the plain sweet rolls. Had a flaky beef curry pastry, which I just oinked down, and a chicken teryiaki roll... the roll is a breakfast sweet roll.. odd, but tasty. They seem to have expanded their repetoire, but the lunch/dinner snack offerings are still predominantly porky.
1	Very bad service.  Their payment method is very strict.  They charge about double what you would pay in Chinatown.  They aren't interested in repeat customers as they are rude.
5	Fresh, cheap & delicious. I wanna try everything!Easy to get to from the Metro and there's a lot of delicious pastries to try.
3	Last time I tried bubble tea, and it was disgusting. All the cakes are delicious, and staff is friendly!!
