2	Gas here is always a little more but the station is easy to get in and out of from my house. Store is pretty good also. The main reason I reviewed not to good is due to the car wash. DO NOT use the car wash! It is a total piece of garbage and was a waist of seven bucks. I took my truck thru it last week and it did a horrible job. The truck wasn't even that dirty. Save your money for another car wash.
1	Gas comparable to 7-Eleven. $3.53 as of October 12th, 2011. Beware, the air machine doesn't work. Don't feed money into it!
1	I paid cash, went to pump, I was turned around watching the pump, and when I looked back, gas was spilling onto the ground..when I went in and told the cashier that it didn't shut off, she said yes it did, but she meant I reached the amount that I gave her.  I told her no, it didn't shut off, and I probably wasted 3.00 in gas that is now in a puddle on the ground. She actually shrugged her shoulders. So she didn't care that there was a good size puddle of gas on the ground.  I will run out of gas before I go there again.
1	Worst place ever. I was leaving green valley ranch and heading back to California and I needed to stop for gas and so I passed 7eleven and the price for regular was 2.99 (1/1/13) and then I seem this place for 2.95 (1/1/13) and so I stopped in here and inserted my credit card and the pump don't me please see cashier so I went inside and the lady inside told me that they only accept debit but I could use the ATM and I said we'll I don't wan to use the ATM and I also said why not put a sign on the pumps outside that say we do not accept credit cards. And all the lady said well because We can't. So I left this junk shop and I was so pissed off and my husband in the car ask me why I was pissed and I told him and he went inside and yelled at the lady and then after we left we went to ARCO at the M for 2.89 (1/1/13). IF I COULD I WOULD PUT  ZERO STARS FOR THIS PLACE!!!!!
1	I always pass by this gas station on my way home from work and the other night I decided to fill up gas here instead of going to the gas station near my house. Big mistake. It had never occurred to check Yelp reviews for a gas station, but I wish I did. I started filling my bike and all of a sudden, gas spilled all over the place. I tried to stop it, but it wouldn't shut off immediately.It doesn't take a lot of money to fill up my tank and I spent double that on the floor and on my bike. Not to mention that this gas station is a lot more expensive than the gas stations near my house so it was all a waste of money. This gas station is on a busy intersection that, if you're not heading to in the right direction, is hard to get to. There isn't anything redeeming about this place besides the fact it looks nice, but prettiness isn't worth my time at a gas station. Now I know to never come back here again.
1	Update on my last review:    I came here heading back to the airport to return my car and get on my flight to ohio to get gas because it was the cheapest and so I pulled up to a pump and inserted my card and started pumping gas and gas went everywhere and I was lucky I was right by the nozzle so I ran inside and ask if they could hit the emergency stop button and the guy said he didn't know where it was so I went outside and found it and I hit it and the gas stopped and I told the guy I found the button and hit that button and I also ask to speak to the manger which the manger was super nice and gas me a free car wash to get the gas off but the reason for the one star is the lack of employee that didn't know his star
5	Good station. Cleaner than most in the area and they have paper soda cups which are hard to find at gas stations.
1	AVOID THIS GAS STATION'S CAR WASH!! It has been over two months since my husband took our Rav 4 to get a car wash. Biggest mistake! One of the brushes detached the right side of my bumper. The workers "filed a report" and said they were going to notify the general manager. two weeks after the accident we called the station to see what was going to happen, and they kept telling us the general manager was not available or was on vacation. Fast forward 1 month later, we called the general manager left a voicemail but NO RESPONSES! Two months later I called again, the manager took down my name and number and said she would give me a call about 3 days later, and NOTHING. The lack of professionalism and accountability of management of this gas station has been so frustrating. We were just going to have the problem fixed ourselves, but the damage is more serious than we thought and would definitely cost us a lot of money.
1	The worst Fills over been to. Trash was not emptied. Windshield cleaner was out.  Squeegee was old.  Terrible
