4	5 Star recently catered my fatther-in-laws 80th birthday party.  Not only was the food delicious, delivered on time and hot, but the service we received was exceptional!  Thanks for making his special day even better.
2	Super nice folks. Super tough and flavorless Brisket. Sadly. Their bBQ sauce seems to be mostly brown sugar. Super super sweet.
5	I don't know about every item on their menu (yet), but what I've had has been terrific! Let me tell you, just coming to a place where they genuinely appreciate your patronage and want to make you feel at home is such a treat these days (but if it was just that, I wouldn't feel good recommending them).Let me explain what you're getting: the meats are straightforward, well cooked and seasoned pleasantly, but everything is very moderately flavored, so that you can use their delicious sauces without fighting flavors. Their sandwiches are simple meats, perhaps with onions or another small accompaniment on a simple, soft bread roll. We had a hot links sandwich, that I HIGHLY recommend, especially if you dress it with their southwestern BBQ sauce - perfect pairing! (In fact, lots of their dishes seem to perfectly pair with one of their sauces.)We enjoyed the pulled pork, though by itself it was very simple - it definitely wanted BBQ and really was great with either their original black or red spicy!As for main dishes, we also enjoyed the ribs which were a bit more seasoned than the pork. They were fall-off-the-bone even though they weren't a buttery-fatty tender sort of meat. Very nice and delightful with black or red sauce.But I can't go without really trying to sell you on their sides!First, my favorite: a chheeeesy and spicy Mac and cheese - really, really tasty in its own right and very different and awesome with their sweet mustard BBQ sauce!!Also, they have an interesting roasted avocado side with olive oil and lemony seasoning that is quite yummy!They have baked beans which are like a cross between ranch style and BBQ baked beans - not terribly exciting as I like intense flavors.Lastly they have fairly basic potato salad, tasty on its own, but once again really nice with spicy BBQ sauce - yum!All in all a terrific restaurant with tastes to please most and hosts that will please everyone - I really hope they thrive here!
1	My experience here includes exchanging words with the rude woman behind the shabby counter. i walked into this empty ex-taco bell around 8pm and it was empty. All they had behind the counter was 5 trays of catering dishes with your dinner waiting behind dish 1, 2, etc. Old meat, no grill in sight to bbq the meat or anything. My beef with this lady began when I asked to sample 1 meat. She then proceeded to laugh, yes full out laugh, like that was the craziest suggestion she has heard in her life. She then went on a short rant about her place is small and they can't do that after I mentioned another place (Texas BBQ House) samples everything. What a witch this lady was and then I stormed out laughing at that strange policy and guessing if she didn't want me to taste it, there was no way she was proud of her food and no way it was or ever would be good. 5 star gets no stars.
5	Locally owned, mom and pop bbq joint!Turkey and brisket sandwiches are excellent and portion sizes are perfect. Sauces are DELICIOUS!Friendly service, decent prices, cute decor. Grilled avocado is awesome. Mac and cheese is great. Beans are good!We live near this place, so we definitely will be back! The review complaining about no samples is completely understandable. Given the area, I wouldn't be giving samples out to just anyone either. Lots of homeless people, so I'm with the owners on that one!
4	I love me some BBQ.  I have had ribs, brisket, and pulled pork from across the land. I saw this little hole in the wall on the way to my friend's house, and had to try it.  I got their bbq sampler with their spicy sauce.  Their sauce was too sweet for my liking, but their brisket is out of this world.  Better brisket than i have gotten is Texas.  Pulled pork was about average, nothing that knocked your socks off, but it didn't disappoint.  The ribs were really good.  They were the right amount of tender without being mush.   The ribs i got were a bit on the fatty side, but no matter.  An excellent experience and and excellent food.
4	Went at lunchtime and got the smoked turkey and pepperjack mac - The food was really tasty - I tried all of the sauces and couldn't decide which one I liked the best.. they were all good.  The people running the place were very friendly.  Its a weird place in that its in an old Taco Bell.. the building is old and not particularly attractive.  I don't know how many times I've driven by thinking how it couldn't be good just because of the location and the way it looks... Plus it always looks empty.. which it was today when I went.  There were a few customers that came in and got takeout when I was there.  There was also a homeless lady that stopped in as I was leaving.  That being said.. the place seemed clean, the food was good, and the staff was friendly.. If you can get over the look on the outside and the location, I'd recommend.
5	I`ve had just about everything on the menu and have loved it all. This week I`m strung out on the pork chops. We had Jim and Joanne cater our company christmas party and it was so awesome i decided to do the same for my family christmas get together. It may have been the first year there weren`t any left overs. I highly recommend this place. Great people, great food!
3	I came into 5 Star today for lunch and had the pulled pork sandwich with beans as a side. The owners were nice, both came to ask me how everything was as I ate. The pork was great, it was very tender and cut well. I didn't like their choice of bread though, it was kind of simmilar to a dinner roll or french bread. The sauces weren't the best but, they weren't bad either most of them were too sweet. I liked the Carolina sauce the best out of all of them. The beans weren't what I am used to but, I thought they were pretty good. Overall based on what I had 5 Star is fairly average.
3	I was on a work assignment in Mesa and wanted to try something local for dinner so was searching restaurants.com when I stumbled upon "5 Star BBQ" and read the numerous great reviews.  I then double checked on Yelp, saw the overall 4 stars, bought the $10 coupon for the $4 price and made a special trip to go there.I am rating it 3 stars which in Yelp terms means A-OK.That means it is not bad but not fantastic either and part of this would be myself learning what to order.*** SHORT STORY - I would definitely return but next time for the pulled pork and pepper salad which would yield higher total star ratings on a future review.  Also I would like to come at lunch and try the pork pulled sandwiches ***As soon as I entered the rustic old facility I smelled a wonderful aroma of smoke.  This was a good sign.  I decided on the BBQ sampler plate which would be a smart first choice to see a variety of their offerings.  It cost $14.99 for - 2 Ribs, - 1/4 lb of Pulled Pork- 1/4 lb of Brisket and - 1 Hot Link plus a side order which I chose to be the Pepper cole slaw.Since I also had read the reviews I added a- BBQ avocado then included -  a soft drink Total price was $19.82 before tip and since I had paid $4 for the $10 coupon it reduced my total to $9.82 meaning I really paid $13.82.All food was ready nearly immediately from holding tins in the back and I was politely presented with a plate full.  The pulled pork was the most generous portioning and I'm sure it was well over the 1/4 pound serving.     And I mean well over 1/4 pound.  It was tender and flavorful, meaty and tasty to the point of surprising me that I enjoyed it so much.  It was truly remarkable.The Pepper Cole Slaw was exceptionally tasty and I generally can not stand the standard Cole Saw.  But this was different, fresh, bright with a zing that made a nice flavor contrast to the meat.  The two pork ribs were also tender and tasty as was the brisket but both were slightly dried out. The hot link was actually half of a sausage split lengthwise and blackened but still not a full sausage.  The grilled avocado was a novelty and while I love avocados and considered this good to eat it was not so radical that I would be compelled to order it again.The owners are friendly and kind, the black sauce is my favorite and the red sauce is a close second all being home made which is a nice touch.  I used them sparingly and will do so when I come again for the pulled pork!
5	Wow! Local Mom and Pop place. I've been the 5 times in the last 2 weeks. Recently I took me Mom for lunch and we both had the pulled pork sandwich I had a side of Mac and Cheese and she had the grilled Avocado. She couldn't decide what she liked better in the sides as she tried mine. I dont like Avo so I had to guard my Mac&chz Owners came over asked how everything was and if we were happy. We left stuffed and content  both of us for under $13.Great Place that no one knows about...yet!
5	We fell in love with the 5 star BBQ ribs when they were at the Gilbert Farmers Market a year ago.  Then we saw they had opened up this place in a very old Taco Bell in downtown Mesa.We are glad to say their ribs are still the best we have ever had.We got their sampler and replaced the link with smoked Turkey. So here goes.The ribs, just plain awesome. Worth the trip across town.The smoked turkey - wonderful smoked flavor and tender - great just by itself without sauce.  (Don't get me wrong, the original sauce is great.)The brisket, pretty good. The pulled pork good but not as tender as the turkey.The sides were just so so.  The cole slaw had no real flavor and the corn just average.We will be going back often, damned the distance.  We'll be loading up on their ribs and their smoked turkey with lots of their original sauce. But we will switch the sides.
1	I work near this place. Have driven by it almost everyday on my way into work. I've heard amazing things about this place from fellow co-workers and even customers of my own. I had to go in to experience what sounded to be great bbq. When I walked in I was greeted with a smile and the place smelled of amazing food. I was super stoked on what I was about the embellish in. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a side of pepper jack mac and cheese. Things changed from there. After grabbing my drink and sitting down. I wanted to give a taste to some of the bbq sauce choice at my table. I opened the cap to take a quick smell and was i surprised. It smelled as if the bbq sauce had gone rancid and took on a terrible odor.  I started examining the other sauces and the same thing. It looked like the sauces were spoiled from the outside. I look at every other table and the SAME THING. The sauces had a whitish type swirl in them that I knew wasn't right. As soon as I got my food I began to eat it with no sauce. Which was really disappointing as my pulled pork sandwich was naked. I am not knocking the way these people cook food. The meat was super tender, the mac and cheese was to die for, but when I noticed all these sauces and their smells I began to wonder where the A rating from the health department came from? Am I the only one to experience this! I wish Yelp let users upload photos. I was in so much disgust I had to take a picture before departing so I could show others. The place ruined my appetite for the rest of the day and I will never return,
3	If I could give 3.5 stars I would, but Yelp just won't allow it. I ordered the BBQ sampler in order to get a thorough tasting of the fare here. Additionally, I got every sauce they offered with my sampler.I ordered my food to go and got my order taken and made without incident. The staff here are very friendly and helpful. My sampler came with ribs, pulled pork, hot links, brisket and one side. I ordered "pepper jack mac" for my side. The Mac is delicious and creamy, with just a little kick. The meat was all very average and had very little smoke flavor - a necessity for me to respect prepared ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. Despite this disappointment, the unique sauces made up for what it lacked in traditional que'. If you know about pulled pork than you know that Carolina mustard bbq is the only way to eat it. Kudos to this place for offering a version of this regional sauce.I used  the spicy BBQ - a slightly spicy kc type sauce on the ribs. While I did try the original sauce and the southwestern bbq, the spicy and mustard bbqs were clearly the star sauces to me.  This will be my go to place close to home for pulled pork from now on.
4	OMG, I got the full rack with a side of the tropical cole slaw and jack mac! Can you say FREAKING YUMMY! It was enough for me and my teenager to share and be totally stuffed! The only thing I would change is ... the slaw. I would take out the pepper and celery, and more pineapple, mango and maybe a peach ! I wanted more of a bit of those things to get the full taste of the tropics ! I had the black label sauce, sooo tasty ! I will be eating this again and again and again! & also tell people about my tasty experience! Thankyou 5 Star BBQ, I am pleased ! Shana & Family
5	5 stars for a Tuesday.I went for the Tuesday $5 special (Pulled pork sandwich ,1 side,had the mac n cheese,and a drink) Yummy !!!! Cant go wrong here folks.They even have the sauces at the table,4 in all to choose  from or just sample).Have to ask for the special  cuz its not posted.Friendly server I was greated when arrived asked how my food was and even said goodbye when leaving.Only cons:They did not seen to be running the A.C so it gets a tad on the warm side unless your a fast eater wont be a biggie.I will def be trying more off the menu,I still can taste the smoked pecan pork from 2 hours ago.mmmmmmmm
5	My wife raved to me when she got home about this place and how amazing this food is! So a few days later I just had to try the food. I am very glad I did because the food was exactly like she told me, absolutely amazing! Hands-down this is the best barbecue I have ever had in my life and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for the most delicious barbecue out there!
5	Let me just say this:Ribs = AWESOMETurkey = AWESOMEPulled Pork = AWESOMEHot Links = DOUBLE AWESOME!Tri Tips = AWESOME!Brisket = AWESOME!Sauces = AWESOME! (Especially the YELLOW)Staff = AWESOME!I use these guys for catering events, and I also enjoy coming for some chatter and good ol bbq.  What a place.  I cant believe the guy behind the counter got rid of his radical mustache though.  That thing was sweet.  I have never personally had any issues at this place, but by the way these guys do their customers the second you walk through the door, it makes me think they would stop at nothing to make sure you are satisfied, as long as YOU are being reasonable of course!!  Nobody should have to endure lousy customers, but alas it happens. What a place.  Maybe they open one in Gilbert one day??  :)
3	Let me start by saying that the food was good. It was juicy and yummy, however, when you order delivery prepare to be disappointed. It literally took them 2.5 hours to get my food. It was extremely frustrating. And the guy who brought it to the door felt no remorse. He handed me the food and left without saying one word. Rude?!
3	This place has been a few different Mexican joints in the past and is now serving smoked BBQ. Saw them last time I was eating next door at the Blue place and put them on my radar.Inside is simple and decorated with your typical BBQ theme. Service is very friendly and it was important to them that I enjoyed my visit. Just walk up and order your meal and then sit yourself down and kick back. They will happily bring it to the table.Ordered the BBQ Sampler Plate which has a little bit of everything. Some Pork Ribs, Hot Link, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, and a side of your choice. Had to try out their homemade Pepper Jack Mac and it was very creamy and enjoyable.They also have items you can order from the grill like Chicken, Pork Chops, Tri Tip, Rib Tips, Bratwurst, and a grilled Sampler if you desire. BBQ Sandwiches are an option as well.You can choose from 4 different types of sauces they put on the table. The black label is more of a KC style while the red label is what they are calling TX. They also have green label that is more SW and a yellow label that is more NC.Overall I thought the different meats I tried were pretty good. I liked the Pulled Pork the best. Would like to also see some bread, onion, pickles, and jalapeno peppers as an option with the meats. Maybe I am just spoiled and used to what is offered in most places in TX.Everyone has their own opinion when is comes to BBQ and there are so many different kinds out there. Give them a try and see what you think. ENJOY!3.5 STARS
5	I LOVE this place so much!  Every time we drive by, we stop in for the best BBQ i've ever had.  Food is beyond delicious!
1	Location- easy to find and plenty of parkingAmbiance- casual with picnic looking tables. Its bbq it works. Service- good. Friendly. Walk to the counter order and then pick up food at counter when ready.Food- it tasted ok, but then got sick. This establishment is now closed as of a few months. (Catching up on reviews.)
