5	This review should have been posted many many moons ago, for the wonderful Bob Simms, who was the artist and creator of my back piece, sadly passed away a few years ago and was unable to complete his work. He will be forever missed, and I am honored to have 22 hours of his artwork permanently etched into my skin. Still, I have a slight problem, unfinished work!!I have searched high and low for someone to complete his work.. Among numerous denials because so and so artist wouldn't "be able to take credit" or "I'm going to charge you $200 and hour" or just plain ol' crap portfolios I've come across have led back here. Eager to see what had changed, and to retrieve a new nose stud since mine was lost along the way somewhere, I found myself back at square 1.To my surprise, Bob's old girlfriend still works here.. Karyn. Let me tell you, this bitch is amazing. Not only is she full of immeasurable talent, but she is just so f-ing cool you cant help but love her. She remembered me immediately and we began to talk tattoos, and suddenly my dreams came true, she agreed to finish his work. She noted she has finished a lot of his pieces, which I find to be extremely strong of her. It has to be tough... I killed 2 birds with one stone on my random stop in.. acquired a new stud and a new artist.. my first appointment with Karyn is in a few short weeks and I am so excited that after all my searching, the person who was closest to him is going to complete my art. Not to mention she is amazing.I highly recommend Lucky Draw to anyone seeking quality work at reasonable prices in a very sterile environment. This shop has been around for a long time, for a good reason. RIP Bob, you are sorely missed!
5	If you need a piercing you need to go and see Corey at Lucky Draw he's the best.
5	Best tattoo/piercing shop. Period. Staff kicks ass, the work they do kicks ass... yup. Lucky Draw kicks ass. :)
5	need a tat this is the place to go.  great people here.  i am honored to have had bob tat my arm before his passing but his spirit lives on through kayrn and her crew.  nice atmosphere and great people to get info from or to just hang out with.  more tats are coming for me from this shop.
1	The worst! A lot of assholes work here. Whatever you do don't go here they make fun of whatever tattoo you're getting or any questions you have behind your back. Very immature and disrespectful
5	Love This Place! May May is Amazing! She is working on my sleeve, and it looks beautiful!
4	Went in for a fairly simple tattoo of script along the forearm and my artist was Chris Bailey.  The end result was great and Chris was very friendly and professional.  Except...I don't know what it is with the plastic wrap after the tattoo here in Phoenix (and it's not just this shop).  Wounds need air to heal, I've never seen a tattoo shop use plastic wrap other than here in AZ.  I'd say do your own research on aftercare but I took the saran wrap off in the parking lot.
5	Clean friendly people in this studio... good jewelry selection... great portfolio's. Didn't look like your rock star tattoo scratcher shop... THAT FOR DAMN SURE.
5	We've come here for tattoos and piercings after going to some really crappy places! This place is very clean and the people are very friendly! I love that they text a few weeks after and ask if things are healing well! Won't go anywhere else!
