3	I had nachos and beer, both were to my liking. Not a fine dining experience, more of a pub menu even though it's not exactly a pub.There are large private booths at the back with big flat screen TVs so you can watch movies. Neat idea, though I've never actually done it.Every Tuesday night there's a Street Fighter 4 tournament in the back on said TVs. People bring their gaming sticks and consoles, it's pretty intense but they seemed to be having fun. There's a $2 entry fee and my waitress said it lasts until the wee hours. Crazy to see.
1	I remember when Cafe Cine Express first opened up back in the early 1990's. It was around the same time that X-Files came out, the first two seasons when it was aired on Friday nights at midnight and no one knew about it and it was considered a cult favorite. Long before it became a mainstream cultural phenomena.At that time, Cafe Cine Express would host X-files viewings, so that people could come in and watch the latest episode at Friday midnight viewings. It was awesome,  a total geekfest. Everyone silently eating really good cakes or pastries or drinking fresh coffee while watching episodes on alien abductions, conspiracy theories and cryptozoology on the giant screen in the back. Those were the days.Since those days, from what I understand the ownership has changed hands a few times, and it seems to get worse each time. The old character of the place is gone, it's usually filled with gamers or during World Cup soccer, sports fans going berserk. I'm surprised it has managed to stay open all these years but I guess having prime location so close to students at Concordia and Dawson must help. Food is really nothing to write home about and neither is the service.
1	Not a mean one star, just a really really mediocre place. Waitress was sweet but she said a total of 3 words to me. They overcomplicated their menu (you get 3 menus) and the food was very bland. Fresh ingredients were lacking and everything just seemed cooked from frozen. I can't speak to their drink menu but i definitely won't be back.
