4	I've been waiting for this place to open, hoping that Madison will get a great pizza place just a few blocks from my house. Finally, the grand opening on July 10th, I popped in after Concerts on the Square to try it out.Grampa's did not disappoint! The place was packed, a great sign. We waited about 15 minutes for a table, grabbed a drink from the bar in the meantime. The entry area and bar area are pretty small...not much waiting room. They offer about 6-8 beers on tap, bottled beers, and a bunch of wines, reasonably priced. The kitchen is right near the front door and you can see the chefs prepping food while you wait. We saw some things come out of the window that looked delicious!Once seated, we ordered the pork confit, market salad, and the Finocchio pizza. The pork confit was AMAZING, served with grilled bread, mustard, and giardiniera (pepper mix). We expected the pork to be fatty, but it was super lean, tender and moist, delicious with a crispy crust. The combo with the mustard and peppers was awesome! My favorite dish of the night. The salad was a great mix of greens, olives, an edible flower, sprouted lentil, and some other delicious goodness, perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette. Then the pizza came. The Finocchi is topped with house-made sausage, fennel, and anaheim chilis. The pizza was a little burnt around the edges, but the crust was thin with a nice crunch/firmness. The sausage had a good flavor. The pizza was the perfect size for two. Overall, Grampa's had a great grand opening and I can't wait to return to try some of their other dishes! The service was good and the place has a cool vibe.
4	Great opening night. If things went that smoothly on their first evening, this place is going to be a rockstar.Loved the ambiance - the family photos, the old military documents, the dark walls and charred wood trim. The bathrooms feature great subway tile. The copper-topped bar is super cool; the tables and chairs were comfy and configured perfectly - even though the place was packed while we were there, we weren't sitting elbow-to-elbow with other tables. They've definitely made good use of the space available to them.The hostess was fantastic; our server equally great. Our server was always available when we needed her. We wanted for nothing during our visit.The cocktail menu shows huge promise; I especially enjoyed the unique tap varieties. Tallgrass 8-bit ale? Central Waters Glacial Trail IPA? Yes and yes, please! I can't wait to see what else they have planned for craft taps.The food was simply superb, in every aspect. The pork confit was the star - I'd highly recommend you get it. The salad was perfectly dressed and full of unique yet expertly paired flavors. The pizza was great - a perfect crust (ours was a little charred, but it was still wonderful), super tasty sauce (did we detect tarragon in it??), the ideal amount of cheese, and fresh ingredients... what more could you ask for?Kudos to the chef and his staff - this is going to be a great place, and I'm sure we'll be back many, many times.
1	Never got to the pizza. Most bizarre of business practices... Call to order a pizza for carryout. I never had a chance to ask the size of the pizza. Never had an opportunity to place my order. I asked to place a take out order. After a brief hold, I'm told no take out til 9 PM, but they could seat me right away? Without thinking, I said we'd try another time & the call ends. Then I had a mental double-take: I can come in, get seated, & have a pizza placed in front of me, but they can't put that pizza in a box for take out?! I called back, questioning if I understood correctly, & apparently I had. So I'm offered you know, "confusion," "our first week," "we can actually do it..." because, I'm told, "we're empty right now." What? Have I lost my friggin mind?! I'm told the first few nights were slammed (understandably), & the kitchen's still trying to figure out what they can handle, so on, so forth. Excuses, for sure. I mean, I understand the call taker was trying to make things right, but refusing business when you're empty? That's not even a "first week" error, it's just absolutely contrary to the point of business. Isn't part of a pizzeria's business take out? Admit the error, apologize, & spare me the excuses. Excuses killed my appetite to be honest, because excuses leave a bad taste. Having worked in the service industry for over 10 years, the businesses' problems, like overwhelming your kitchen's capacity/over-seating the room, are of no concern to the customer. A customer wants good food, but more importantly good service. I had neither. You know, few years ago, I purchased an AK-47 from Grampa, in the same spot, Grampa's Pizzeria now occupies. I couldn't help but chuckle, when it occurred to me, it was easier to buy an assault rifle from Grampa's Gun Shop than it is to get a pizza for carryout from Grampa's Pizzeria. So, so weird. Anyhow, I'll probably give another chance at some point, but I couldn't let this one slide.
4	Some of the best service I've ever received in Madison.  Attentive yet not intrusive waiter with great suggestions for pairings, who didn't mind checking on our questions about the menu with the kitchen a couple of times. I was shocked at how beautiful the place was.  Having only seen Grampa's as a gun shop, from a tiny streetside window, to walk into a warmly ambient cozy yet bright place was surprising, and we were delighted to sit next to the back window, with a view of their garden and vast green backyard. And the food. Might be the most perfect salad I've ever had in Madison- the market salad- chockful of literally every vegetable in season. Perfect tomatoes, snap peas, yellow squash, broccoli, green beans, radishes, and beautifully ribboned baby carrots.  All brought together with slivers of blood oranges and plums, and plump green olives.  SO good.  We also had the fresh mozzarella (made inhouse daily) which was lovely, and the pork confit/gorgonzola pizza (from which I mostly abstained- tablemate loved it).  Prices were totally reasonable (our total bill for a glass of wine, two salads and a pizza was $38), and I love that they're open past bartime! Will be back again and again.
4	Good pizza, nice interior and location.
5	The owners have done a truly amazing job of transforming the place into a beautiful, comfortable space, with reclaimed wood, dark colors, vintage metal accents and a great view of the big tree out back. The crowd was a great mix of neighborhood folks, couples, families with kids, babies, grandparents. Our party of four tried 3 vegetarian pizzas, the Jabroni, the Barberini, and the basic with mushrooms. The pesto on the Jabroni was fresh and bright. The Baberini was unlike any pizza I've ever had, firey and sweet, though the garlic was a little overwhelming - might be better if it roasted? The Basic was a favorite - perfect cheese-to-sauce ratio! Service was excellent. I am looking forward to sitting at the bar and trying some small plates and more of the wine list!
5	Fabulous! What a gorgeous space! I held my breath for the "first week"-ness, but everything was fantastic. I could tell there was some calibrating going on, but so far the food is delicious and the staff is warm and professional. It's definitely not just a "pizza joint"--- NOT like Roman Candle or Glass Nickle. More of a sit-down and enjoy dinner spot. The bar is small. The space is classy, with some throwbacks to the gun shop. It's a great alternative to Pig in a Fur Coat -- and it's open super late! Welcome to the neighborhood, you guys!
2	To start, when we arrived they told us it would be about a 45 minute to an hour wait but we could leave our name and phone number and they would calls when our table was ready. But after waiting for an hour and fifteen minutes we had not received a call and decided to check on our reservation, only to find that our name had been crossed off. The hostess offered no apology but did give us the next table that opened up.As for the food, it is very overpriced and the portions are tiny. We started off splitting a beet salad between the two of us and for $8.50 it wasn't a big enough salad for one person. Then we split a basic pie with basil, roasted red pepper and artichokes, the pizza wasn't bad but also nothing special. Our main complaint was that we expected more than a 10" personal pizza for $15. Needless to say we were both still hungry after. I'd only recommend grampa's pizza if you like spending way too much for very little food.
5	absolutely the best pizza i've had in my face. ever.i do, however, want to take this opportunity to share with readers that this restaurant is not an extension of your living room; nor is it red robin or tgi friday's. this is a cozy little eatery with little room for double-wide strollers or your ego.it is a place to enjoy the best pizza you'll ever eat, pure and simple. there are no airs put about, nor are you owed anything; stop being pretentious.show up hungry and leave more satisfied than you've ever beenand give 'em a break, imagine the trials of running an independent restaurant and show some compassion.
5	Incredible pizza! I have had all of them thus far and not a single one wasn't superb! I can't wait to work through the small plates and salad menu. Also the ice cream sandwich was to die for. Beautiful restaurant, wonderful service, very very happy to welcome it to my neighborhood! Oh and for everyone having issues with bringing their children, I sat next to a table with 2 kids under the age of 4 and they seemed to be having a great time, without high chairs.
5	SO YUMMY!  Very simple, down to earth and deliciously local!  The hostess is a doll, she is very sweet and  humble.  She took the time to talk to our party of 4.Our waiter was very attentive, without hovering.  He was helpful with the menu items and was able to help us through our first time there.The interior is beautiful, a very quaint eatery.   We had a table in the back in front of a wall of windows that looks out on the back yard.We will all be back to try more tasty choices off the menu!
5	Holy. Smokes. This place has some REALLY great food. We had a smoked salmon pizza, the mozzarella/tomato/basil appetizer and some olives. And of course, wine. Everything was amazin'. Atmosphere was great. Our service was awesome (minus one girl who didn't say a word to us, she just kept removing things from our table), but the main server was cool. I'd definitely go back. Repeatedly.
2	To start, when we arrived they told us it would be about a 45 minute to an hour wait but we could leave our name and phone number and they would calls when our table was ready. But after waiting for an hour and fifteen minutes we had not received a call and decided to check on our reservation, only to find that our name had been crossed off. The hostess offered no apology but did give us the next table that opened up.As for the food, it is very overpriced and the portions are tiny. We started off splitting a beet salad between the two of us and for $8.50 it wasn't a big enough salad for one person. Then we split a basic pie with basil, roasted red pepper and artichokes, the pizza wasn't bad but also nothing special. Our main complaint was that we expected more than a 10" personal pizza for $15. Needless to say we were both still hungry after. I'd only recommend grampa's pizza if you like spending way too much for ver
4	Seriously great pizza. Excellent service. Amazing appetizers (The pork could be a top notch meal on it's own). Great atmosphere. Eat here often.  End Transmission.
5	This place is fantastic!  It was 5 of us for dinner last night and all of us were simply wowed!  All 3 pizzas we tried were absolutely delicious!  Being a native Chicagoan I love my deep dish pizza but the pizzas at Grampas, though thin crust, were absolutely mind-boggling good.  The pizzas are not overstated and neither is the restaurant; the menu is not cluttered.  Emphasis is definitely placed on good, simplistic, rustic feel pizza.  They offer toppings you aren't going to find everywhere, like honey and calabrian chiles.  For that couple looking for a romantic spot to dine, I would not say Grampas fills that order, but I do think it has its own charm.  A great place to have dinner with friends and adult family members (this place is not what I would call kid-friendly, and as a child-free adult, I like that!).  And after your meal, request a french press or a glass of wine.  They do have several beers on tap as well.  Hats off to whoever thought of the idea of putting cucumbers in water.Keep it up!  I will be back!  :D
1	So grandpas I wanted to love even before arriving, but the experience was nothing to write home about.  First off let me say the decor and interior are what make this a potential for a better restaurant.  I enjoyed the fact that they went with not being a family oriented restaurant because sometimes you don't want to hear a crying baby while enjoying your meal, this place has a unique concept.But the food!  How can you make the edges of a pizza crispy and the center absolutely soggy?  And the actual crust was bland at best, it's like the plainest most boring crust in town.  Also it seemed to take a little too long for something so subpar and there were only five other tables, two of which had already been served, actual wait time from ordering to 2 pizzas at table 27:40.The service also was lacking a bit, it seemed our server wasn't interested in whether we had enough water, or extra napkins.  I actually got my water refilled by the hostess after another table had asked her because they like me were parched.I won't try again but better luck to those of you who do.
3	This was our first visit here.  We came after a very casual day while visiting a festival at the area park.  We felt under dressed.  We ordered one salad ($8.50) which we felt was very over priced for the amount you received.  We also ordered two pizzas.  The pizzas are very thin crust and are 12' in size.  The ingredients were unique and the average cost is $13.00 a pizza.  You would need to order several if you expect to get full from eating this pizza.  We finished with their cake and I would say this is their best item.  It was delicious.  The cost per piece is $6.00 but this item is the only item we found to be a large serving.  We had a nice experience but found it to be expensive for what you receive and would recommend other local establishments before suggesting coming here.
5	You guys. Grampa's. Is. Amazing. My parents and I stopped in after a wedding this past weekend, and we were blown away. The ambiance is incredible (cozy without being stuffy) and every piece of decor is impeccable. Our server was excellent-- very attentive, personable, and accommodating. We were originally seated next to the LOUDEST table of adults I had ever heard (they were literally yelling on top of each other) and after we made several futile attempts to get them to take it down a notch (at one point my mom looked at them, threw her hands in the air, and yelled "REALLY?" They didn't even notice.), our lovely server reseated us at a beautiful table at the front of the house. The food was absolutely perfect. We started with the olive plate ($4 for a VERY generous plate of assorted olives), and it was the perfect little appetizer. Then the chef brought out an heirloom tomato salad with fresh pesto drizzle and some sort of microgreens on top, and it was divine. We ordered two pizzas, one was the special of the day with chanterelle mushrooms and garlic sauce (which we ordered on a gluten-free crust), and one had pesto and tomato sauce with smoked mozzarella. They were both delicious, but I have to go on a little gluten-free tangent here: I have not had pizza like this since I stopped eating wheat. The crust is made in-house (not the soggy sawdust kind that is bought in at restaurants all over Milwaukee), and MAN, what a difference. It was crispy all the way through and stayed that way, even when I was eating my cold leftovers for breakfast the next morning. Even my wheat-eating parents enjoyed the gluten-free crust, and they consider themselves true pizza aficionados. I left Grampa's deliriously happy because for the first time in years I was able to eat amazing pizza without any ...ahem... repercussions. Hallelujah! Overall we had an outstanding experience, and I will be making the drive from Milwaukee again soon.
5	Back again! Just can't get enough of this place!  The staff and owners are almost as awesome as the food!  The pork confit never disappoints.Everyone should get down here now!
3	My husband and I came in for dinner, and we loved the space immediately. They've done a great job aesthetically. We were seated in the back, by a nice row of windows, where I fear that aesthetics may have trumped function, given that the noise from the few tables around us sounded like people were speaking loudly right into our ears. That wasn't a big deal, but something to note if you are more sensitive to noise.We were excited by the menu options, ordering a market salad, a homemade mozzarella plate (sprinkled with vanilla fleur de sel), and a pizza with ricotta, watercress, honey, and chilies. Everything sounded interesting, and our expectations were high for quality.The market salad was *amazing*. It was just the right balance of delicate leafy greens and crisp fresh vegetables, with beautiful shavings of unexpected root vegetables. The dressing fit the salad perfectly in terms of weight and flavor. The mozzarella, sadly, was a bit disappointing. It wasn't bad, but the description of *homemade* fresh mozzarella with fleur de sel, along with the visual cues of an upscale, foodie-focused restaurant set our expectations quite high. The flavor was good, but the texture was far too firm, which was surprising for freshly made mozzarella. Again, it was pretty good, it just fell short of our expectations.The pizza was good, and I like that it is a very different style than most pizza places in Madison. However, it fell into the same trap as the mozzarella plate: it sounded so interesting and delicious that our expectations were set too high. The crust was a bit too chewy (perhaps over-kneaded?) and a bit bland in flavor. The toppings just didn't quite mesh, like they hadn't refined the flavor profile yet. The sauce didn't match the rest of the items, and the chilies overwhelmed the other flavors (and I love spicy food).The prices seemed fair to me. We shared the three plates I've described, plus two drinks, and the bill came to $32. It felt like a nice nights out, and we were plenty full.I know this review is coming off as a bit negative. We truly thought it was pretty good, but that's the thing: it was pretty good -- not as amazing as the ambiance and menu descriptions made them sound. I will definitely give them another chance, because I think there's potential there if they can get some of these kinks worked out.
4	I'm a big fan of the aesthetic of this place: surprisingly large windows overlooking a tree-filled back yard, hardwood floors, white-tiled wall behind the bar, menus that look as though they were typed on a typewriter. I dig. The service was also excellent: friendly, prompt, polite. The servers are a cool and attractive bunch as well. The pizza? OK, unfortunately, here's where I was a bit disappointed. Now, it's not bad. The ingredients ensure that the pizza will not be terrible (smoked mozzarella, pesto, pork confit...), but something about the crust was just not quite right. When having thin-crust pizza, texture is way important...and the crust was a little more cracker-like than I was expecting. So wah. But give it a try. It's a cool date spot regardless.
3	I went into Grampa's Pizzeria really, really wanting to LOVE it and came out with feelings of it being just ok. I love the interior, the ambiance and the thoughtful lighting & decoration. The bar is unique & fun with an industrial-looking tile back splash & vintage gold mirrors hanging off it. The Edison light bulbs in fixtures along the wall with no shades were great & continued the vintage theme. We arrived at 5:45 so it was fairly quiet. As it got busier the noise levels were pretty significant. The tables are in close quarters so I was glad to be leaving as things were getting really busy and much louder.I started with a small plate of the brussel sprouts & bacon - great flavor & texture with just the right amount of oil served in a tiny cast iron pan. There was no salt or pepper on the table and I didn't ask for it, but in hindsight, I would have enjoyed a bit of both.I chose the basic pie with sausage. I really enjoyed the cracker thin crust with just the right amount of crunch. I didn't enjoy the sauce - it was too spicy for me & more acidic than most. I also wished there was just a bit more cheese. The sausage had great texture and flavor. My mom had a pizza with pesto instead of tomato sauce and I liked that so much I'll probably go with that the next time I'm there.I had a couple bites of my friend's sticky ginger cake. It was very tasty! The cake was light and flavorful. It was topped with a big pillow of homemade whipped cream that was just perfect. I would highly recommend trying that.We had asked our server at the start to please separate our checks. He said he would, but he just brought the one, made some excuse we couldn't hear over the din and walked away. We were a bit frustrated so when he came back later, we asked him again to please separate them out. He said of course and came back with separate checks with apologies that he'd gotten so busy and forgot to do what we'd initially asked him to do.So all was well. Overall, we had a really nice time & enjoyed the food. I will likely go back again sometime, but I can't ignore that it did fall a bit short of my expectations.
5	Came In a couple months ago, there was a good appetizer spectial,  good pizza, good vibes.
5	Amazing.Shared a gluten free pizza with a friend (had never tried that before) and it wasjust as crisp and delicious as their regular crust, which I also tried. Loved the ambiance, good wine, great service, cozy and warm on my favorite street in Madison.I will be back.
3	The curse of high expectations.  This review is a bummer to write.  While there were several aspects of my recent visit to Grampa's that I greatly enjoyed, the overall experience was a downer.  Granted, based on the other reviews and the favorable word of mouth, I had high expectations. And in the end, Grampa's failed to deliver a consistent result from a service and food perspective.I'll start with a positive.  The interior of the restaurant is a joy to behold.  The interior designer did a wonderful job transforming a gun store into a cozy dining environment.  The copper-topped bar, the hardwood floors and trim and the white tile behind the bar set the right tone for our meal.My wife, daughter, and I started things off with a cup of the French onion soup.  It was good, not great.  The broth lacked depth and I would have appreciated more cheese on top of the soup.  It wasn't the best version of this dish I've had in Madison, but it was far from the worst.The mozzarella plate was a well-balanced dish.  It had creamy texture you look for in a fresh mozzarella.  The balsamic vinegar added the necessary brightness while the cherry tomatoes added some much-appreciated sweetness.  I'd order this again without hesitation.There was a long wait between finishing the mozzarella plate and the delivery of the pizza to our table.  It would have been nice if our server would have kept us informed of the status of our order, but it was a busy Saturday night and he had to tend many tables.When the pizza finally arrived, it fell short in a number of areas.  I was not a fan of the sauce - it was too acidic for my taste.  It dominated the basic pie that I ordered for my daughter.  The crust had problems as well - there was too much char on the exterior while the interior of the pizza was a soggy mess.  Any attempt to hold the pizza on one end resulted in the toppings flopping off the other end.  The pork confit was as good as advertised, but it was overwhelmed by a generous dose of assertive gorgonzola.  The imperfections with the pizza were amplified by some confusion with our order.  We wanted to get a pizza with half pepperoni and half pork confit.  What we received was much different.  It was half Puerco (pork confit and gorgonzola) and half pepperone (pepperoni, olives and leeks).  Since there is a specialty pizza with the same name as one of the more popular ingredients (pepperone), I wonder if this problem happens with other orders.  Anyway, we explained the problem to our server who promised to prepare the pizza that we intended to order.  Twenty minutes later, we received the replacement - one-half was pork confit and gorgonzola, the other half was pepperone...and pork confit and the very potent gorgonzola...arghhhh, wrong again.  So again, we sheepishly explained that this was not the pizza we ordered.  To his credit, our server offered to make another replacement pizza, but we had been at the restaurant close to ninety minutes and the thought of another 20 to 30 minutes wait was too much to bear.  We finished the evening with an ice cream sandwich for dessert that everyone at the table enjoyed.  The cookie was very tough and almost impossible to cut with a folk.  However, it had good ginger flavor that contrasted nicely with the pumpkin ice creamWhile my Grampa's experience failed to meet my lofty expectations, I do plan to return on a weeknight when things are hopefully less crazy.  The menu is innovative and is worthy of further exploration.UPDATE:  I had the Brassacre pizza during a 2014 March Madness #PizzaBracket event and this pizza met, nay, exceeded my lofty expectations.  The issues with the crust that vexed me during my previous visit have been addressed.  The crust on this pizza was truly special, especially considering it was a carryout.  It was crisp from edge to center and was delightfully flavorful.  The toppings were equally impressive, the caramelized exterior on the brussels sprouts gave the pizza a hint of sweetness to balance the smokey, slightly salted goodness that came with the thick cut Nueske's bacon.  I was in the presence of pizza greatness that evening and I'll be trying their pizza again in the near future.  A bump in their rating is definitely in the card if Grampa's can replicate that evening's performance.
4	Very good pizza and DELICIOUS pork confit app!! This is a great reasonably-priced neighborhood option: check was around $100 for five with three apps, three pizzas and a beer for each. I'd say go for beer over wine. Good spot; I shall return.
5	This is a must! If you have nowearied it yet, definitely take the time. The space is charming and warm and has a urban touch. The menu is well rounded and would have something for everyone. This is not a typical pizzeria it is for people who have the appreciation for fine food and ingredients that make dinning a tasty experience. The staff is very attentive and make you feel at home. The Beet salad is out of this world!! But everything we had was so good. We look forward to going back and bringing friends to share this golden nugget on Willy street!
5	I went to Grampas last night for the first time and I will definitely be back! We ordered the beet salad, and the goat cheese that comes on it should be a dish of its own. I seriously wanted to just eat a bowl of that with a spoon! The pizza was super inventive and tasty. Apparently they have a large garden in the back where they harvest many of their ingredients, but since it was winter we didn't get to see it. I do love a thin crust pizza, and this place makes them very thin, which suited me perfectly! Our server was very attentive without being intrusive, and at the end of the meal she brought us each a macaroon!I can't wait to come back with my husband. They have date nights on Tuesdays where you can get a salad/small plate, specialty pizza, dessert, and a bottle of wine for only $40!
5	Delicious! Fresh ingredients were cut and arranged on the crust for bite after delicious bite. The crust was crisp and tasty, held the ingredients well. My pizza had sausage, fennel, and olives. House-made sausage was flavorful and well-seasoned. It tasted great with the pizza sauce and my toppings. My son ordered the Goomba because he loves mushrooms, and the hat tip to Mario is fun. He really liked the garlicky sauce and all the mushrooms. The decor is casual, nicely done. Nice wine list. I'd love to go back for girls' night out.
4	Trendy, warm little pizza place on a cold-ass night?  Yes please. They specialize in authentic style pizzas with an innovative flare, to elevate pizza up a step from your average pizza joint. And they served it elevated too, on a little metal stand so that we could double-tier our pizzas all over the table. My dinner companions were visible above the landscape of lifted pizzas that overtook our table, and we tucked in with vigor. Their space is a cozy little spot in a re-purposed gun shop. They've kept the gun motif in their decorations as a nod to the previous establishment, in a very tasteful way. (Gun rack wine racks, for example.)We had a group of 7, and had 6 different pizzas. 5 of them were unmodified specialty pizzas directly off the menu, and 1 modified build-a-pizza of sorts. All were delicious, hot, crispy and well thought out.  My favorite was the 'Goomba,' a mushroom and garlic based mix. But I thoroughly enjoyed the pork confit "Puerco" pizza, and the watercress and honey-touched 'Barberini' was a big hit as well.  We also enjoyed an appetizer of the pork confit, which was offered to us as a gift of the house while we waited for our pizzas, since it would take a while to have all 7 pizzas ready. An unexpected and unnecessary windfall, we gobbled it all up gratefully. and ungracefully. At the end we also ordered a couple of their sticky ginger cakes, which I believe must have had a lemon cream topping, and these were also destroyed in short order. Warm, sticky, moist and creamy, they had a slight crisp to the edges in the very best sort of way. (We ordered these partly because of their open-view kitchen window, which can be viewed from the entryway and from a few of their tables. As we were all restaurant industry people, we were watching the kitchen with undisguised interest. We saw the chef plating the ginger cake, piling the whipped cream on the top artfully, after which he stuck the spoon into his mouth, cleaned it with obvious relish, and threw the spoon into the dish pit. You know when you see that, that the cream must be delicious if it's worth licking off the spoon every time.For some reason it was difficult for the waitress to do 4 separate checks, but we did our own math with a pen she provided, and lucky for her we were able to figure it out without stiffing her. A less mathematically inclined group might have accidentally stiffed her.They also offered us some mini orange macaroons at the end, which were the strangest, gooiest little macaroons I have ever had. That's not really a complaint, just an observation that they were unexpected in terms of the texture inside. Besides, who cares! Free candy!We will be back, Grandpa.
5	My husband and I went and it being our first time we read the reviews on the place like we do with any new place we go, and we really enjoyed the whole experience. The space was well used, our server was very helpful, I will agree with the previous customers that the pork confit was amazing, and we had the most amazing desert (the ginger cake) was outstanding, not overly sweet and did not skimp on the whip cream for the top, you got a taste with each bite. So the person who said not to order it had no concept of what they are talking about, definitely try it. We also got homemade macaroons with a blueberry preserve as we left that were absolutely phenomenal. Our complements to the chef and his staff for such a comfortable and unforgettable experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! May be my favorite pizza place in town. Living with celiac disease in Madison is surprisingly easy as so many places offer gluten free options, particularly pizza but no gluten free pizza I have tried so far is as amazing as the g-free pizza at Grampa's.The crust is different than the typical frozen/pre-packaged g free crust that I think most places in Madison use.  We had the Jabroni which has fresh mozz and pesto. We also the Brassacre which had bacon and brussel sprouts, the combo was really unique and super good. The ambiance is really nice and as a smaller restaurant it has an intimate feel. Might not be ideal for larger groups though as there isn't a ton of space. We ordered 2 pizzas with the intention of having leftovers, however we couldn't stop ourselves!
3	Grampa's Pizzeria - aptly named.No one makes pizza quite like Grampa. It's delicious! He uses quality ingredients and bomb flavor combinations. Seriously, I love Grampa and I love his pizza.However, my last visit to Grampa's made me wonder if he's maybe going senile. Walking in, we got a friendly, though confused look from the host that said, "who are you and why are you here?" That should probably have tipped me off that something was amiss. When we got an appetizer, it came out cold - I asked, "Did you maybe forget to cook this pork?" They poked it, shrugged, and put it back in the oven. Then finally, something happened with the pizza. I don't actually know what happened, our server just came out saying that it was going to be a while before we got to eat. But hey, Grampa is nothing if not generous! We got a free beer for all the confusion.It's probably for the best that there were only 3 other couples in the restaurant. A busy Monday would have just gotten Grampa all flustered.
5	I really liked this restaurant. The pizza choices are very unique and delicious.  They have more than just pepperoni and sausage here.   Their unique pizzas are worth a try.  We started off the meal with some mozzarella cheese as an appetizer and it was fantastic!  Their wine list is extensive as well.  You definitely must try Grampa's Pizzeria!
4	When coming here it's just like going to your actual Grampa's - meaning, timing is everything!  It doesn't matter if it's a Sunday or a Wednesday, this place is hopping.  For our first visit, we went on a Saturday at 6pm and had to wait about half an hour for a table. Fortunately there was space at the bar so we were able to snag some drinks while we waited.  On my second visit, it was 5pm (opening time) on a Sunday. We were able to get seated immediately (yippee!) but the place was definitely filling up by the time we left at 6:30pm.  The ambiance is nice; warm and cozy, with a small front room with two tables and the rest of the seating in the back of the house/restaurant. We sat in the main part of the restaurant (overlooking the backyard) both times I was here and at risk of sounding like my Mom... it was loud!  I think the low ceilings combined with the hardwood floors just really made sound bounce around. The Mister and I were both struggling to hear eachother, even at our small table.  During both visits, the food was great. They also have a nice beer list but it makes me nuts that only the beer names are listed and not the type (i.e., IPA, stout, etc.). I know what type of beer I like but don't always recognize craft names so this presented a challenge. Fortunately, one I could overcome.  The Mister and I ordered a pizza each, which was plenty as we both had leftovers. We probably could have gotten away with one pizza if we'd ordered a salad and appetizer.  I had the basic pie ($9 + toppings cost $1-$3/ea) with mushrooms and was pleased with the thin crust and generous portion of toppings. On a subsequent visit I went with three other friends and we  ordered two of the specialty pizzas and an appetizer - this was the perfect amount of food for the four of us. We had the two vegetarian pizzas: The Barberini ($14 - ricotta, garlic, calabrian chilies, tomato sauce, watercress, honey) and The Goomba ($13- garlic cream sauce, house blend cheese, mushrooms, fresh herbs).  I never would have ordered either of them on my own ("watercress and honey on a pizza?!" and "ugh, garlic cream sauce sounds too rich") BUT I was proved wrong b/c both were excellent.  Who knew!  Well. I guess Grampa did.
5	Have not managed to find a place that has such good pizza compared to South Africa. I love the toppings that they use. Very creative pizzas. Nice thin crust too. Delicious. And they have great ginger beer on tap!
5	Pizza:  The crust is very thin and the sauce has a delicious tang to it.  We ordered two pizzas - one cheese and one Barberini.  The cheese was fine - I mean it is a cheese pizza.  The Barberini blew my mind.  It is a whole mess of nontraditional ingredients that work together perfectly.Dessert:  There are two: a flight of ice cream sandwiches and a ginger cake.  The ice cream sandwiches won't blow your mind, but they are delicious and fun.  I mean, they are a FLIGHT of ice cream sandwiches.  How could that not be awesome.  The ginger cake is one warm mountain of buttery goodness.  Consider sharing it because it is big and rich.Atmosphere: Wonderful.  It is a little loud, so it may not be a good place for an anniversary.  It would also be hard for a group because the tables are small.Service:  Friendly and professional.Reservations: No and it is a bit of a problem.  The wait can easily be an hour and a half on the weekend.  Tip: call ahead and get on the wait list when you get in the car.Parking:  Tough.  There is only street parking and Willy Street can be a mess.  Credit Cards: Yes
5	Ate there tonight for the first time on a fluke.  Holy amazing.  We had the JABRONI pizza and It was fantastic.  I would seriously say it is the best pizza crust in Madison.  The smoked mozzarella on the pizza was buttery and the pesto was perfect.  We also had the sticky ginger cake for dessert and I can honestly say, it was love at first bite.  I will never leave there without ordering this warm delicious piece of heaven again!  The house red is great as well.
4	My husband, 8-year old son and I live in Milwaukee and were headed to Madison for the WIAA basketball tournament. We searched yelp looking for a pre-game pizza stop. We love thin-crust pizza, so when I saw the reviews mention thin-crust, Grandpa's was our choice.We were seated immediately (5:30 on a Saturday night), and my son sat down, looked around and decided it was nicer than a typical pizza place! This is true, this is a good low-key place to bring kids for the great pizza, but the extensive wine and craft beer menu and decidedly "grown-up" appetizer menu would make it a great date place, too. (*Note: There was a childless couple seated in pretty close proximity between my family and another family - mom, dad, and daughter - also 7 or 8 years old. The children were both well-behaved, but if you're on a date to ESCAPE kids altogether, maybe opt for a restaurant that doesn't bill itself as a Pizzeria?)The three of us decided to split 2 pizzas (all are 12") which was a perfect amount of food. We ordered a basic pie (cheese) with sausage and a Goomba with pepperoni added. Both pizzas were delicious. The sausage had a little spicy kick, but was still mild enough to please the picky 8-yr-old - who ate a LOT of pizza. The Goomba was delicious. I am deducting a star because the very center pieces of the pizza were a little soggy. The outsides were perfectly thin and crispy.Service was friendly and attentive. The water was flavored with lemon, orange and cucumber. Delicious to me, but my son preferred tap water. Our waitress happily brought him is very own little carafe of ice water, which he thought was neat.The end-of-dinner surprise mini-macaroon cookies were a nice touch. We like going new places so I hate to say this is our new "must-stop" place when we're in Madison but... it might be our new "must-stop" place when we're in Madison.
4	Grampa's had been strongly recommended to me and it lived up to its reputation.  I am not normally a fan of beet salads but was sure impressed with the one we had.  We got a Jabroni pizza that was tasty, though probably not the best pie they sell.  I was very fond of the thin crust and the touch of tang in the pizza sauce, however.  We also got a Sticky Ginger Cake that we shared and it was incredible.  I strongly recommend the beet salad and that cake that is just to die for.When we were there the Yelp app on my phone showed that a Taco Bell was nearby.  Please, do NOT go to Taco Bell if you're anywhere near Grampa's!  Frankly, I'd never recommend Taco Bell to anyone and was shocked that Yelp would suggest such a place when someone is near other places with phenomenal food.
4	Best beet salad this side of the Mississippi. Fun environment, friendly staff. Be ready for a wait, but you can find a spot at the bar or head down the street and they'll give you a call. Great spot!Wouldn't suggest the take out.
5	Grampa, you've won me over.  While we had a tough go of it on my first visit, on my three subsequent interactions, you have knocked it out of the park.  I experienced the Brassacre pizza twice during the 2014 March Madness #PizzaBracket extravaganza and this pizza met, nay, exceeded my lofty expectations.  Grampa's definitely has addressed the issues with the crust that vexed me during my initial visit.  The pizza crust on the Brassacre was truly special, with the proper proportions of bite and chew and SERIOUS flavor.   The toppings were equally impressive; the caramelized exterior on the brussels sprouts gave the pizza a hint of sweetness to balance the smoky, slightly salted righteousness that came with the perfectly rendered Nueske's bacon.  One bite and I knew I was in the presence of pizza perfection.  The Goomba and Jabroni pizzas are also culinary wonders.  Despite the service hiccups experienced during my first visit, the quality of the pizzas certainly warrants a five star rating.
5	Whether we dine in or do takeout, there's never been a misstep by Grampa's Pizzeria. The light, crisp, airy crust has pretty much spoiled me for most other pizzas. The toppings are fresh and the balance of flavors is perfection. Our favorite is the Brassacre, with the Finocchio coming in a close second. Love the cozy, candlelit vintage interior; the antique guilt-framed mirrors behind the bar really open up the space. The service is relaxed, knowledgeable and friendly. We only waited about fifteen minutes for a table during their busiest time. Extensive wine and craft beer list, too, including Mobcraft on tap. The finishing touch is the little amuse bouche of macarons at the end of the meal, delicious and just right for people like me who just need a little something sweet.
5	We had a great experience tonight during our first trip to Grandpa's.  Not only was each course prepared to perfection and flavor-packed, but the atmosphere was exactly the "upscale pizzeria" vibe that we were hoping for.  They had interesting beer on tap and very personable staff; we will definitely be back soon!
5	I've been back to visit Grampa's MANY times since their opening night and I can honestly say that I've never been happier. Everything is outstanding here. I'm convinced this is the best pizza in all of Madison.+ Love the space+ Great service+ Pork confit!!!+ Beet salad+ Any of the pizzas - all are awesome!!+ Usually good service + The bonus macaroons!!!!+ Gil always thanks folks as they leave + Solid beer and wine listThe best. Plain and simple.
3	We just got home from having dinner at Gampa's Pizza and I am not quite sure what to make of that place. I had a garden salad and the Jabroni (tomato/pesto/mozarella/fresh basil) pizza and the rest of our party had the simple pie with the addition of sausage and a Finnochio pizza. The good things first:The interior of the restaurant is very nice and the place is quiet enough to have a normal conversation without having to yell (you hear that, Graze?). The garden salad was super fresh and had a nice variety of herbs and vegetables and a delicious vinaigrette. The pizza pies had a good size and very nice fresh ingredients. I love thin crust and Grampa's delivered.Now the stuff that makes me give the restaurant only three stars:The pizzas were very salty and the flavor combinations lacked balance for my personal taste. Having grown up across the pond I always wonder why Americans put sausage with fennel (!) on their pizzas. I yet have to see that on a menu in Italy. For me that is just weird but I realize that this is pretty normal here in the US. Likewise, the Jabroni only tasted like basil. While I love fresh basil, a pesto should also have a nutty flavor (pine nuts) and a cheesy flavor from the cheese that you put into pesto. Unfortunately, the pizza had none of the other flavors. I also question the wisdom of putting brussel sprouts and honey on pizza (I saw that on the menu). I know that these "innovative," locally sourced items are all the rage but for me that made the menu terribly pretentious.
5	This is the best pizza I've ever had - including pizza in NYC and Chicago. I got the Barberini pizza, and it was amazing! All of the ingredients were extremely fresh. I also strongly recommend the ginger cake. This place is wonderful - if you're in Madison, go here!
4	This place is great. It used to be grandpa's gun shop. Which we always found to be a humorous name. Now it's a sweet pizza place with a similar name.I'm not sure how they cook their pizzas but they seem to be cooked on stone or with wood. Good beer selection.
5	Grampa's is a hip place from the inside out: an old brick building with beautiful refinished flooring, accompanied with windows throughout their guest seating that overlook Grampa's own herb garden out back. Now, a lot of places have the 'it' factor on the outside - mainly pouring all of their creative energy in an appearance that just doesn't justify their uninspired product. I can gladly say that Grampa's delivers on all fronts. There is heart in their food, there is a server, as genuine as they come, giving you excellent five star service, and there is a certain ambience that enables you to relax and share a pie or two with your friends. I'd highly suggest their Goomba pizza. And check out their drink list! It's delicious.
5	First time visiting Grampa's Pizzeria and definitely not my last. Overall scenery gives a relaxing but cool vibe, the brick wall behind the bar with the multitude of mirrors is a great touch. We started with the Mozzarella appetizer, the portion was the perfect amount before a meal and we could not get enough of the vanilla salt on top of the cheese. Not too long after our Barberini pizza came out. The honey gave the pizza a sweet taste instead of purely spicy from the peppers. It was the perfect amount of food for two people. Afterwards our server Matt brought complimentary macaroons in a bag. I highly suggest visiting this place, great pizza, atmosphere and employees.
4	We were really excited when a pizzeria opened in the neighborhood, and Grampa's has yet to disappoint. Excellent food every time and the service is always top notch. We try to order something new each time we go and have only been pleasantly surprised by their flavor infusions. Always a lovely experience.
5	Fantastic salads, vegetable dishes, cocktails and of course pizza.  Very creative, a total foodie-joint.  Was full at 5:30pm on a Thursday.
5	Was at Grampa's last nite for the 4 Pinots and a Chard wine dinner. The wines and the food pairings were fantastic. I particularly liked the squash & burrata pizza. The crust was SO good and the squash along with squash blossoms and nasturtiums from the Grampa's garden sent this course over the top. The waygu beef with oyster mushrooms & cherry tapenade was also outstanding. They have a great space here with food to match. We'll be back to try the regular menu in the very near future!
5	I went here recently on a date night, and we could not have picked a better place. Madison was definitely in need of a great pizza restaurant, and I think this place is it! It looked like they grew some of their own vegetables in a garden out back which is awesome! We added sausage to one of our pizzas, and it was probably the best sausage I've ever had. The wait staff was very friendly, and I loved the flavored water (with grapefruit and raspberries). Great place for a date or dinner with friends/family.
5	Great service, fair prices, amazing and freshly grown ingredients in their own garden, and Underground meats. Enough said!
4	I finally got to try this place for my birthday dinner, and I really enjoyed it!All 4 pizzas we tried were delicious. My favorites were the Pinnochio and the Goomba.The prices were also not as high as I expected. The entire space is gorgeous, and our service was excellent.Can't wait to go back.
5	Grampa's is a must visit for me when I have my pizza obsessed friend in from CA.  We went on a Friday night around 9:30 and were seated immediately. We started with a bottle of Malbec and shared 2 of their salads between the three of use.  We chose the Carrot salad and the Panzanella.  We LOVED both, but the Carrot salad was the hands down winner. it was perfectly dressed with amazing flavor and just a hint of spice from the cashews.We always order the Jabroni (which we did) and of course it  was amazing as usual. We also ordered the Pinnichio for the first time.  I am very picky when it comes to sausage on pizza.  This sausage was amazing!  The spice from the Anaheim chilies was perfect.   This may have taken over as my favorite pizza there. As always the Sticky Ginger cake finished off our meal, one regular and one without pistachios as I am allergic to them. Always amazing. My boyfriend (who is normally only about chocolate desserts) could not get enough of this on a separate visit. I am introducing my Mom to this favorite restaurant of mine later this month and am certain she will love it as much as my friends and I do.As far as the service goes, they have ALWAYS been kind, courteous, efficient and knowledgeable. This is, hand down, my favorite place to eat in Madison.  The atmosphere is relaxing and quaint.
5	I don't know why I have not written a review before now but I just can't hold off one minute longer. Last night I had the best Grandpa's pizza yet and it will only be available for a short time. It was the Pizza du Jour, made with a sweet corn and epizote sauce, sheep's milk cheese, homemade chorizo, red onions, shishito pepper and chili oil. The pizza was a thing of beauty, flat, green and golden and loaded with flavor. The corn sang of summer, the epizote provided a bit of tang the chorizo with a hint of heat, and the cheese added a creamy factor second to none. I moaned with each bite. Thank goodness my dining partner shared in the reverie otherwise I would have been an embarrassment, to say the least.We each had a salad. I had a tomato and melon salad. Though very pretty and flavorful, I wish it had been served with some leafy greens. My friend had the market salad which looked and tasted excellent.We sat along the back wall with a view of the garden. In the center of the garden is a lovely fountain. When you look at the garden you understand what makes Grandpa's pizza so special. The freshness of the ingredients and the eye appeal cannot be beat. The food looks and tastes luscious. We do "eat with our eyes".
1	Grandpas pizza worst service ever and they refused to serve us at 11:15 pm. You're supposed to be open until midnight.  You suck and we will never be back. We will also be sure that no one else we know will cever come to your establishment.  You suck.
5	Absolutely great pizza!!! Beer - awesome. I had one 12 oz glass (don't remember the name of beer) but that was great. (cost me $9.00 beer only)
5	I like this place.  I wasn't in love with the 1.5hr wait, but luckily Mickey's (a few blocks away) has a fantastic beer selection and Grampa's will call when your table is ready.  The pork confit and beet salad were a delightful start to our meal.  We had a tough time choosing pies, since they all sounded wonderful.  Ended up with the Brassacre (brussels, bacon, etc.) and the Goomba (garlic cream, mushrooms, etc.).  Obviously too much food for two people, but it made for tasty leftovers that my husband and I fought over.Reasonably priced, lovely atmosphere, eclectic tap list, yes yes yes!  Can't wait to return with whoever visits us next.
3	The pros: The ambiance. The wine list. The appetizers. The vegetarian pizza offerings. The cool private room in front for larger groups. And did I mention the ambiance???The so-so's: The pizza sauce. It's a preference thing, but their standard red sauce is a little off-putting in its spiciness.The cons: It's a small place. That's not bad, but they don't accept reservations or have a bar where you can get a drink while you wait for a table. And the last two times we've been there, the hostess was pretty rude. All in all, it's a place I'd be happy to go to at someone else's suggestion, but I probably won't be seeking it out that often on my own.
5	This place is fantastic.   I wasn't sure what to expect, but I loved the video on their website.   Grampa's is even better in person.   Former gun shop turned pizza place.  The transformation is miraculous.  Charming and cozy space with garden in back.  A true garden to table restaurant with amazing salads and pizza.  Our pizza was topped with fresh watercress.  So fresh and yummy.  If possible, the sticky ginger cake was even better,   And the presentation was fantastic.  Loved it!  Server Brett is goofy, sweet and charming.  Beardy Jake is slyly sweet and has great brows!  Owner/chef Gil knows what he's doing in the kitchen and in the front of the house.   I would visit Madison simply to dine here again.
5	Came here for the first time a few weeks back while visiting family and my cousin said how amazing the pizzas are and that I had to try it!And I fell in love with the place, love that all the pizzas have some kind of unique ingredient on it.  Now, I don't remember the name of the pizza I got...but...it was fantastic. It had spicy peppers, kale, and honey drizzle on the top and goat cheese I believe it was.  And had a great Oberon on draft. When we stopped in, it was pretty busy and the wait was about 45 minutes long...but it was worth the wait. Met a few people while we waited and heard about the history of the building and what it use to be. We got sat at the very back of the place along the windows looking out to the herb garden. The hosts and waitress we had were great!
5	Had the brassacre (Brussels sprouts, bacon, cheese, Olive oil), kale salad, and the spicy ginger cake. Awesome.
5	One if the best places I have been to in Madison so far. Everything made for a great experience--the service, the atmosphere, the food. My boyfriend and I decided on dinner at Grampa's after being turned away from a sold-out YumYum Fest. I had my heart set on going to the festival for a while and was skeptical that anything else could top the experience we would have had there, but I was wrong. The interior of Grampa's is rustic and comfortable, and creates a friendly, relaxed atmosphere. The staff was friendly and attentive. We had an app and two salads to start--the caprese salad, lamb carpaccio, and melon salad with tomato water. The dishes were all new experiences to me. I most enjoyed the melon salad for its creativity and beautiful subtle flavors. Of course, after all that we had to get a pizza. The most delicious pepperoni pizza I have ever had! Its thin crust and addition of some green ingredient made it pretty outstanding... Not just your basic pepperoni.And since we were doing it up to make up for missing YumYum Fest, we got the ginger cake for dessert. Yum! The cake was moist and the flavors were deliciously complex. The exterior of the cake had developed caramelized flavors, paired with a little zing from the ginger and creaminess from the whipped cream topping. And at the end, a nice crunch and nuttiness from the crushed pistachios. Yeah, you should order it. After all that, both of us were comfortably full and happy from our dining experience. We will be back.
5	We went here without looking at any reviews or info and I was pleasantly surprised. It was much more upscale than I expected, so dinner was a little pricier than we anticipated. The place is gorgeous inside and the pizzas were delicious. There were 5 of us, and our competent waiter did tell us pizzas usually serve 2, but 3 of us ordered our own and the other 2 shared, so we sampled 4 pies. They were all delicious. The one I ordered had Brussel sprouts and bacon, really thick chunks of bacon that melted in your mouth. I ate too many slices, that's for sure! Our waiter checked on us frequently without being intrusive, and kept our drinks replenished and water filled. Also, at the end of the meal he brought us a bag of macaroons that they make in-house. We will definitely go back to try other items.
5	I am a huge pizza fan. Easily one of my favorite foods (to the detriment of my waistline). But I'm usually just your standard cheese pizza type of girl, so imagine my surprise when I found that I absolutely love all the different, crafty combos at Grampa's. The Goomba is absolutely amazing; the cheese, garlic cream sauce and fresh herbs are heaven in my mouth (it comes with mushrooms too, if you're into that, but I always leave them off). The Brassacre is also great; these two would definitely be the ones to try on your first visit. The ambiance is also fantastic; a very urban feel to it, perfect for date nights or dinner with friends. Try it out; you will not be disappointed!!
4	Good decent pizza, walking distance for Willy street folks. Only drawback - so popular you have an hour wait even on weekdays. They don't take reservations, however, you could call and leave your name on the wait list and they'll call you back when a table is ready. Also, another tip for couples or singles, sit at the bar! Friendly experience and usually less wait than the tables.Tuesdays happen to be date night - $40 for appetizer, pizza, dessert and a bottle of wine! Such a great deal. Also, my favorite server, Steph, is at the bar on Tuesdays and Thursdays!One thing to note, there are no cocktails. There is a full wine and beer list though. I was really happy they have the spanish Cava (sparkling wine like champagne). What's great to try:Risotto - flavors change, nice and creamyPuerco - Pork confit Pizza, I love pork confit!Brassacre - thick bacon, brussel sproutsBarberini - honey, water cress, spicy chiles; very unique. sweet and spicy pizzaCalamari - nduja sausage stuffed calamari, tomato sauce, vanilla and delicious fingerling potatoes; very very unique dish! good to try if you like spicy!I'll definitely be back, but I'll call ahead to leave my name on the waiting list, instead of heading straight to the restaurant!
5	There's nothing old about Grampa's! The food is fresh and always delicious. The staff is on top of their game and the restaurant is beautifully decorated. It makes for the perfect dining experience.They have a great selection of wine and beer and feature beer from One Barrel (Strong Ale! Strong Ale!) I would eat here simply to enjoy the sweet little macaroons that they give you at the end of your meal. Heads up: they are extremely busy on weekends so be prepared. It's worth the wait.
5	Lovely little pizzeria. While weekends are busy, what was supposed to be an hour wait turned into an easy twenty, just enough time for two beers down the street. It's incredibly convenient to have them call you when the tables are ready, as well. The beer and wine lists are stellar, and the food is both fresh and exquisite. Our wait staff was wonderful, and the ambiance perfect for a semi-casual but still lovely date night. Looking forward to going back.
4	Grampa's is one of my go-to spots here in Madison when friends and family are visiting.  The interior is perfect for conjuring a warm, relaxed vibe.  Service is excellent.  I am a big fan of the Barberini - highly recommend to those looking for a pizza with a kick.
5	Everything about our meal was great. The pizza was delicious and there were lots of toppings options. The service was also great - they called us when our table was ready and our waitress was friendly and had helpful recommendations.
4	We did the pork confit, the calamari and we shared a pizza (I'd say the finocchio - which should be spelled with only one n not two).The pork confit was fine, the calamari were outstanding and the pizza was delicious. Elaborating further, the pork confit was good all melty and fatty and with a nice little sauce to go with it, but did not impress me as something special. The calamari were perfect: tender and with a spicy filling that perfectly complements the delicate flavor of the calamari without overpowering them. The pizza was one of the ones I like: thin, crispy and topped with flavorful ingredients. If I have to criticize something I would say that the pizza was maybe a tad too topped for my taste, but I tend to gravitate towards simpler flavors. Anyway, I think I will go back as I would be very curious to try the Barberini and even more the Goomba.
5	Great little place, creative pizzas for adults, nice wine and beers. Flavors mesh wonderfully and service is good. We ate at the bar (instead of the cramped table the hostess suggested) and enjoyed our 'za's. Nice dim lighting, too--warm and cozy.  Love this place.
5	GFD-it (Diety/Curseword/curseword) I (curseword) LOVE this place. (curseword) love it.I FOOKING LOVE GRAMPAS.+ The staff. Unreal. So friendly and accommodating. Knowledgeable. + The drinks. Beer/wine only, but I guarantee you there's something for anyone. They seem to always have at least one Mobcraft beer on tap, and anything Mobcraft is stellar.+ The food. It's unreal - there is nothing better in Madison, I'm convinced of this. Salads, small plates, special nights, or pizza - everything is incredible.+ The Brassacre. It's quite honestly a work of magic. Get it, even if you hate brussels sprouts. Even if you hate bacon (which, reminds me - stop reading this; we can't be friends)... you'll love this pizza. It's perfectly executed, every single damn time.+ Super fair pricing. It's actually a bargain.+ Special events nights - go. Doesn't matter what they are serving/doing, it'll be worth it. I guarantee it.
