4	This is the best seafood place around really. Sure, there's Red Lobster, but you don't get as much food as you do this place for the same price. The portions are quite large and I normally take food home it's so much. Their seafood is mainly fried, but they do have a broiled menu as well. I normally get their pick 3 option. You can pick 3 of whatever you want from the list of favorites (oysters, deviled crab, jumbo shrimp, popcorn shrimp, clam strips....to name a few). I normally get the popcorn shrimp (because if you get the jumbo shrimp, you only get about 5 or 6), scallops, and clam strips. Let me tell you, they pile it on high and the clam strips are actually strips, not sticks and over cooked. The fried foods are never overly greasy and fresh. They do have these weird hush puppies that look like onion rings. Im not a fan of them, but then again, i've never really liked hush puppies. I never walk out of here feeling hungry.If you're on a budget, look up the days that they have the all you can eat specials and such because the bill can get up to $50 for 2 people if you don't watch it. This is the reason why Im giving this place 4 stars. You get charged $2 for a loaded baked potato, and $1.79 for tea or soft drinks.
3	Not very good in my opinion.  Almost everything is fried and bland.
3	Not the best fish I've ever had it lacked seasoning, but the tarter sauce was good a nd it was good portions
3	I thought this place was alright.  It seemed like a family oriented restaurant.  The workers that I did interact with were super nice, and that gave me a good vibe to this place.When I first walked in, I thought that the setting was very appropriate for a seafood restaurant.  I enjoyed all the nautical decorations that can be found throughout the place.  My favorite of the settings were the walls.  I truly liked how they had the walls painted like the ocean with ships sailing around.  I definitely felt like a sailor ready to go on an adventure!The food I ordered was alright.  I believe it was the Captain's platter.  It was a lot of fried stuff.  My favorite thing from my whole dish was the deviled crab.  I would go back only for that.  I did like their ranch sauce.  I used it a lot to dip my food in because the food didn't have much taste to it.  All in all, I feel like this place can be a hit or miss.  I wouldn't mind trying to give this place another go.
3	Southern food. Always fried. I haven't been so healthy conscious about my life, but since I graduated and have nothing to do why not become healthy? I came here for my graduation dinner as I didn't want my party to spend a lot and at the same time I just wanted a place to just talk and socialize. This place isn't far from UNCC so we decided to just come here and get our bellies full.This place is decorative to say the least. A lot of paintings and pictures that makes you feel that you're on a boat itself fishing for your own seafood. The ambiance and feeling it gives you is that well, for me it was let's get some seafood!  I ordered a platter that had basically all of their seafood on one plate. I think that the food was okay. All fried seafood, which I guess isn't bad. However, I believe that if you're really craving for some fried seafood this is the place to go. Don't think about getting something that's not fried here... Overall, I had a good experience. The service was good and the food was filling. I had left overs at least so I didn't have to cook the next day's meal!
4	Mayflower in Concord = Bay Breeze in Mableton! The fish was fresh, the hushpuppies bites were really good. Matt our server was very nice. Overall a good experience.
2	Nice atmosphere, nice people, fresh food, flavorless and bland....can we have some seasonings or something please!
4	If you want a quick lunch and a lot of food, this is the place to be. Their shrimp is amazingly good and you get a lot! The hushpuppies taste great as well. We always had quick refills on our drinks and did not feel disturbed when eating here. Good place to eat fried sea food.
4	This is the best North Carolina seafood place around really. NC style is basically fried with hush-puppies and fries.  If you are health conscious then order your seafood broiled. The food is delicious and hot when it's brought to the table. The quantities are huge. There are always lunch specials and quite reasonably priced. The salads are fresh and good. The service is great and they are very knowledgeable about the selections. For you snow crab leg lovers, come on Tuesday nights for all you can eat. Truly the best place in town for snow crab legs. They serve 2 1/5 pounds on their regular dinner menu (all I can eat anyway). They are plump, hot and cooked just right.
3	Great service and nice food. Interior reminded me of a generation passed, but large fish tanks provided entertainment.  Had clam chowder which actually had pieces of clam but was a bit too salty for my taste. My parents and I got our hands dirty for snow crab, lots of effort but worth it. The captains platter came with fried everything, shrimp, oysters, scallop, fish, deviled crab, side of cole slaw and sweet potato.  First time I had sweet potato with cinnamon sugar.  The food was good but I won't be craving fried food for a while...
2	I've been going to Mayflower on and off for years. This place is certainly hit or miss. Today it was a miss.It appears there are some new staff memebers who need a bit more training in customer satifaction. When the cashier asked "How was everything" I gave her an honest answer... "It was just ok."The cashier went on about her business of taking my money and offered no recourse or acknowledgement for that matter. So, after noting her lack interest in helping, I went on to explain my disappointment was with the stuffed crab. She commented that I should have told my server, which I certainly could have done. However, I opted to tell the cashier. Her next comment sealed the deal for me. She stated that telling her would do no good because she can't tell management. Really?You can't, or you don't care enough to be bothered? Poor service. Bottom line.Just to clarify, my complaint about the crab is that there did not appear to be any crab, but rather a shell full of stuffing. Crabless stuffing. I would have explained that to the cashier, if for nothing else, customer feedback. However, she was too disengaged to care.
2	They make it VERY AND BY VERY, I mean EXTREMELY difficult to make a simple substitution to your order. For example, it you don't eat hush puppies and slaw but would like a baked sweet potato instead they want to charge you am extra $1 even if you don't get the other two items. I've mentioned these issues to the wait staff on many occasions. However, their management just seems to be VERY stubborn about it.  Another issue is that you can only get a salad as a side when you order a broiled platter. Why discriminate?  If I want a fried platter but with a salad as the side you have to pay an additional $3+ to get it. I don't get it. I've been eating at mayflower restaurants for over 20 years and this one just won't budge. Food is great, but serving the customer is sub pat.
2	I checked out this restaurant with a few girl friends while shopping in Charlotte.  The traffic was horrible, we were starving, so we figured we would try it.This restaurant reminds me a lot of a want-a-be Disney restaurant.  They tried very hard with the decor, but most of it came off a little tacky and childish.  The cleanliness of the restaurant seemed to be lacking a little bit, and the food was not very good.  I tried their clam chowder, which started out good, but the more I at the weirder it tasted.  One of my friends ordered a salad, and the fish was not cooked correctly..If you are looking for a nice seafood restaurant this is not the place.  If you are looking for a quirky environment with fried fish this could be your place?!?
4	Best waiter in years!! Gage was awesome! He is attentive but not stalkerish.  Serves can make or break an experience. If you have Gage you will definitely enjoy the awesome food.
1	We waited 35 minutes to get our food. I never got my salad and my grandson never got the fries that were supposed to come with his chicken tenders. My fish had obviously been sitting in the warmer as the edges were all dried out. No refills on our drinks during the wait either. We complained to the waitress and she said she would take care of it. We got a full bill and I complained to the hostess at checkout and she rang up the whole bill......No discount, No removal of the cost of fries, drinks, or my salad. Instead of making a scene I waited until I got home and called back to ask to speak to a manager and he actually answered the phone by saying "yoooohhhh  what up ?" After explaining to him what happened he asked me how far away I was so he could give me me my salad and fries. My family and friends have been eating at the Mayflower Resturants since the 1980's but I guess we won't be back and we won't be telling anyone to go there either !!!  I can't believe this location will be open long with the way it is now being managed.
1	Went for a Saturday night dinner, we all ordered flounder and it tasted fishy and freezer burnt. The manager still charged us for a regular plate and then lied about the fish not being frozen when the waitress just came out and told us it was. Not sure whats going on there but the seafood definitely needs to be reevaluated. Not worth the $50 spent on some fried shrimp, chicken strips and two salads.
4	Great fried clams, huge portions.  I  go here when I want fried seafood.  They do what they do well.
