5	lets go pens!!
5	Can't wait to see them destroy the Red Wings over the next 10 years.
5	The very first time I got together for Thanksgiving with my boyfriend's entire family we went to see the Penguins.  We had awesome seats, awesome service and a nice surprise when a Welcome sign with the family's names came up on the screen.  Even though they lost by 1 in OT, it was an awesome experience to see such die-hard fans with their families around the holidays.
5	IMO hockey is the single greatest sport to watch live.  It is fast, physical, the game can turn on an instant, can be offensively explosive or a defensive struggle, and the fans at a hockey game are "highly emotional".The Pens and their fans have come a long way and right now they are one of the best fan bases in the NHL.On a side note, IMO, the nacho's at the Mellon Arena are the best nacho's in the world.  Maybe it has something to do with the environment.
5	Always a fave even from the days of the original powder blues of Les Binkley, Ron Shock and Ken Schinkel. Throw in the ultra yellow unis when Mario came aboard and hoo ha, lookin' good there, Randy Carlyle.Loved the fact during the Cup years they were the first team with a bunch of players with big #'s (55 Larry Murphy, 92 Rick Tocchet, 68 Jaromir Jagr and #66). Had a blast at the Igloo--great location, cool design. Hope the new arena measures up.Now throw in Sydney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin nowadays and it's a team that always is entertaining to watch. As the beloved Bob Johnson said, "It's a great day for hockey" and it always is when the Pens take to the ice.
5	Why wouldn't you love 'em?
5	First off, I will have to say that i am not into professional sports. Or actually, I take that back and say that until I moved to Pittsburgh, I was not into professional sports. Then I moved from Hawaii to Pittsburgh, PA and my opinion and my world was changed forever.I have lived in Pittsburgh for 10 years and when I moved here, i knew what I getting into moving into a sports town. In Hawaii, the only thing sports-wise is college sports. There are no professional teams at all. I was very reluctant to give any of my attention to the Steelers. Why? I don't particularly care for football. Then something changed... I casually started watching Penguins hockey games. When I say casually, I mean whenever I saw there was one on TV and there was nothing else to watch. And then after the lockout, things changed. I started watching any hockey games whenever they were on. Now, I am so addicted that hockey has really become such an important aspect in my life. Everything else now takes a backseat to hockey. I actually started dating a guy who did not like *any* sports on TV but now loves the Penguins too. I have to say that over the last few years, the Penguins have brought so much joy into my life and I am so happy that they won the Stanley Cup while I was living here. I don't know how long I'll be living in Pittsburgh but I do know that I will be a Penguins fan for life. Let's go Pens! Thanks for the memories and I look forward to many more!
5	What a fun night!  6 to 3 win over the Thrashers, and all the fans threw their hats just in case Crosby had a hat trick (which it looked like he did for a moment).  The first period was so action packed that I thought to myself even if they lost I would still enjoy every minute of the game; however, thank the hockey lord they didn't lose, because that makes it even better!!!!  The Penguins have sold out every game for the last 188 games they announced.  It is truly a fun experience to be right there watching the players in action.  No fights tonight... that was my only minor grumble.  If you can (and buy your tickets early), so to a game!!!!
5	Yes, the Steel City is known for football. But three Stanley Cups ain't shabby.The Penguins as an organization are awesome. They do numerous charity events and take being part of the community seriously. For all the problems with young players in professional sports leagues (cough, Ben cough), the Penguins have strayed away from the drama.As for the hockey itself, its great. The new era of HCDB and young core makes this team exciting to watch and reinvigorates the sport itself.If you go to Consolieum, eat some nachos (filling and worth their price) and get some cotton candy from the old cotton candy man (oh, you will know who I'm talkin' bout when you get there) and enjoy the game!Side note: There has been criticism about the location of the arena in the immediate neighborhood, but other problems have plagued the area, which I find difficult to pin on one hockey organization (as the arena is used for much more than just hockey.)
5	Favorite sports team of all time! Growing up I liked sports...loved boys playing sports and after trying my hand at cheerleading decided I didn't fit in with the conformation of cheering in a group. I was the bane of the squad because I actually watched the game and jumped up out of turn to go crazy and scream during riveting finals tournaments. Yup I "ruined the cheer!!"  I was too hyper to be a cheerleader and ended up becoming a stats girl instead. A much better role, for when the game was nail bitingly close I could yell and jump to my hearts content. This being said I love watching sports and Hockey was the logical choice, that would make it the ultimate sports viewing experience, in my eyes. I mean hockey guys kick ass, the skills it takes ice skating with that tiny puck, the fighting COME ON! In college and highschool I went to many games and when I moved to Pittsburgh going to the Pens games became one of the best times I would look forward to. When I first moved we weren't doing so hot so the games were affordable, and easily attended. So my love of the Pens did not grow from fair weathered admiration. We have the best team in the league and soon after,  we won the cup!! Love, love, love! It's such a "livable" city that it's possible to run into these athletes all over town! I won't give away where I've seen practically the whole team on many nights surrounded by puck bunnies sooo...get out there!  It's fun to see that SOME of them are respectable young men and behave, unlike many the football player. Sorry Stillers the Pens are number #1!! Lets go Pens!
5	My 350th review goes to my second favorite sports team, the Pens. Talk about a team with its ups and downs. Bad owners, bad management, a record of terrible draft picks, even the mascot died! True story, in the early days, when the Penguins wore blue everyday, they had a live penguin who would walk on the ice between periods. Well, it died. A promising rookie also died the same year in a car accident. The Penguins seemed like a team with a curse attached to it. Until...In 1984 the Penguins were the worst team in the league, finishing dead last. But what a year to finish last. We earned the first pick in the entry draft which brought current co-owner and the greatest player to ever lace up skates, Mario Lemieux. Finally, our luck was changing, and Mario brought two Stanley Cups to the City of Champions. But, again, the curse was back, more bad management, bad draft picks, and chapter eleven gave Mario the chance to co-own the team. Could history repeat itself? Again, the Penguins were one of the worst teams in the league, and winning the draft lottery, earned the right to draft Sydney Crosby. A year earlier they drafted Geeno Malkin. Giving them the two best players in hockey. A few years later, Sid the Kid hoisted the Stanley Cup and brought Pittsburgh It's third cup. Then, the Penguin's home began to crumble and needed a new place to play. Kansas City lured the Pens with a new hockey rink, Las Vegas also wanted them. Could we lose our Pens? Finally the city and state came up with the cash to build the Penguins their new home! Now, lets bring the Cup back to Pittsburgh and party all summer long!
5	Great atmosphere in the Consol center.  Enjoyable games.  Too bad they are losing in the playoffs to the Bruins.  Lots of Pens supporters in Pittsburgh.
5	GO PENS!!? Bring it home!! One game won!
5	5 stars for a 5 star team.  Thanks you Pens for a lifetime if awesomeness.  Sure there have been some frustrating years but overall, you have recruited, developed, and fostered some of the best, classiest, most professional players in the NHL.Here's to another Stanley Cup!!!
4	you guys and critics should be crucifiying sidney crosby and malkin !! these guys make millions and have done nothing the last 2 yrs. in the stanley cup.superstars I think not.they both been getting their fame from the past.they were good back 5 yrs. ago but last 2 yrs. they stunk!! get real tired of hearing how great they are.they both should be crucified by everyone on the lousy performance they both had in stanley cup last 2 yrs. the coach will probably be fired when in actuality should be those two.I know crosby pulls in the fans.if that was my team malkin would be gone to shake up the team.comparing crosby to gretksky and lemieux give me a break!!! hawks towes and kane better than him.neither one of these two are superstars and sick of hearing it.
5	As someone who just recently learned about hockey and the Penguins, I must say it is an exciting ride! I know things have been rather tumultuous, but I expect them to deliver a great season. Kudos to the management and owners for working hard to deliver great hockey, even when we don't win the Cup every year! Happy to keep going to the games and supporting them. Let's go Pens!
