3	This Albertsons is pretty average.  The plus side is that they have a small but expensive Hawaiian food section with pretty good choices, but again, they all come at a high price.  Well, higher than in Hawaii, anyway.  The service is good--in fact, the checker was surprisingly friendly and conversational.
4	This Albertson's is the closest grocery store to my house if you do not count the Wal Mart Market just up the street from me. Usually I run to this Albertson's if I'm making a dish and realize I don't have all the ingredients I need. I also like going to Albertson's for produce as their fruits and veggies are always plentiful and look healthy and fresh. In general this Albertson's has never disappointed me. They do have a pretty good liquor section with a cold area stocked with your beers and cold wines, etc, and then they have the wine cellar/hard liquor section. The deli is okay, and the bakery has some pretty interesting offerings every now and again, but usually it's your run of the mill stuff. This location also has a chicken wing serve yourself station set up, which I have seen before, but I have not until now gotten any wings. Today I decided to pick some up for my mother and I to have lunch. They do offer a few flavors, as well as boneless and bone-in. When I was there all the boneless were gone. So I opted for the "Zesty" and regular "Hot" wings. I was intrigued by the SALT & VINEGAR wings... say what? Yes, but I figured I'd save those for a later trip after I tried these wings. I really enjoyed the serve-yourself style because you can get as many as you want, in different flavors. Then you just take the bag to the deli person and they weigh it and price it for you - pretty cool! They also have dipping sauces available. The wings were pretty good! Very meaty, not skimpy! I did enjoy the zesty flavor a bit more than the hot version. The sauce is also a bit sticky for my tastes, but not so much that I wouldn't eat it again. I'm liking these wings and I will definitely be getting them again.
4	I made a quick stop in here yesterday for some water and return a redbox movie. I've been here numerous times for whatever I need grocery wise. It's a pretty good sized place that offers fresh baked bread and cookies. The isles are wide enough for two shoppers to comfortably pass each other without pre-planning a maneuver. They also have a liquor section that stays open til midnight. All in all, i'll be back.
3	This place is okay... I come here because it's close.  There seems to be more and more homeless hanging around lately.  But, Alberson's does the job.  If I feel a little more snooty I'll go to the one on Charleston and walk around while drinking a little Starbuck's coffee.
2	Real mediocre. High priced food. No rewards cards and the lady with the big silver plugs in her ears is as mean as a brown bear being awoken from a slumber. No trees in the parking lot so no shade and your car will melt in the sun. Hide behind the furniture rental vehicle, it provides an ample amount of shade. Haha but other than that, this place is just really mildly nice. Don't take your kids here, there is a man eating clam in the backyard.
1	As of today, this store is showing all the symptoms of a store that is going to close in the near future. They've taken out the self-serve checkout lanes. On a Thursday night, they had two checkers, and lines of people wasting their time waiting to buy groceries. I've used this store many times over the past several years, and I often go here to avoid the zoo at Walmart. When I asked the management and the cashier if this is the way was going to be, with people having to wait in line for a long time, and the lack of customer service, his answer was that they were cutting back. I was not the only unhappy customer in line. I will not use the store again. Unless they change their customer service practice, I predict the store will be closed within the next 6 to 12 months. Don't waste your time at this place. Spread the word.
3	This is the closest store to my house but I ride my bike everywhere. Of all the stores around me (Food 4 Less, Fresh and Easy, Dollar General) this is the only one I can't safely lock my bike up at. A very small handful of employees have given me grief before on storing my bike inside their store but I had no other option in such a crummy neighborhood so when they wanted my bike out I left with it. I took the extra three minutes to go to the Fresh and Easy where they have a bike rack. Yeah, I complained about that night mostly because of their bike rack issue but their Store Manager Tommy called back very quickly and promised to look into the situation. I was greatly surprised and satisfied with his response to the situation.It really is a clean and nice store with a lot of nice people working there but it really needs a bike rack.
