5	Just off the 215 and Warm Springs, Applebee's is always a welcome sight. The menu has been updated. Choose 2 entrees for $20 has been added, or my favorite, choose 2 of the following: soup / salad / sandwich. The staff is always friendly.
2	Insanely expensive for what it was: a microscopically tiny, overly spicy pulled beef sandwich accompanied by a tablespoon or so of cole slaw; a shrimp salad; 2 soups; and 2 iced teas. Came to $32+tip for lunch and I wish I had gone to Jack-In-The-Box.
2	Very, very noisy.  Fair service.  Food was mediocre.
1	What a f#@king dump... and the managers are a joke.
1	I showed up for happy hour, but it was nothing of the sort.  I ordered a beer and watched as the bartender filled a pitcher with foam which sat and reduced to about 2 inches of beer after a few minutes at which time the process was repeated.  I was informed that the taps were improperly calibrated which caused them to foam excessively.  Then she said that she was not allowed to pour out the foam because it wastes beer.  In the end, after about 10 minutes, I received a flat beer.  Are you f'kin kidding me??  You cheap m'fers!!  I will never return because of your idiocy.
3	Two reviews for Applebee's in this short amount of time? My foodie cred is definitely going to slip for that one. I came here for lunch because my coworker had a gift card and who am I to say no to free lunch? They have pretty good lunch specials, I'll admit. I tried the Asian Chicken Salad with a French Onion Soup. The salad was basic but good and I liked the soup as well, despite it being more beef broth than it was french onion-y. The service was friendly and fast, which is what I'm looking for in a weekday lunch. I definitely wouldn't be opposed to coming here again since I work in the area.
1	This review is strictly for this LOCATION ONLY! I love Applebees and go there several times a month. I've given this location a chance 3 times. They have awful service and its not like I have gotten the same server each time. No, different one each time. The last time I went there I wait 5 minutes for a refill on my soda while my waiter knew I needed another soda but he decided to hang out in the bar. Maybe he was waiting on another customers drink to be made and he had to watch over the bartender to make sure he was making it right. Who knows. Everytime I go there I have an issue with the service. Im honestly NOT a demanding person or really anal. I just like a server who remembers Im there. Again just this location. I will now just go to the one on sunset and stephanie MUCH better service.The resturaunt itself has decent pricing. Typical for a resturaunt. Expect to spend thirty bucks or so for 2 people. Even with the 2 for $20. The food... I cant say much as I had only tried 3 things on the menu and then got addicted to the firepit burger... If you get it ask for extra chipotle-mayo, its amazing! Everytime I go there I tell myself today is the day I will try something new but when the server comes, firepit burger just rolls off my tongue. Never been disappointed with it.
3	I love Applebee's.  I use to take all the chicks to Applebee's for a NICE date. Now they take me here haha. Ignore me. The meds are kicking in.Never come here for lunch. I've always heard about how bad it gets.  It gets crazy busy and yet they do not know how to handle it. Last time I was here with some of the guys from work, maybe 6 of us. Once again someone didn't get their food until the almost very end.  This time it was me. boo. it seems like almost every other time someone in our group gets screwed. SMHBut yet I still love Applebee's because for those who aren't adventurous with their food, as I am, they're usually satisfied with Applebee's.
1	I gave this place one star because the waitress was pretty cool. We had a giftcard so we wanted to use it before it got lost. I ordered the Southwest Jalepano Burger. The burger I got didnt look anything like the burger they have on their menu. Looks like they put some jalepanos in a jar of gelatin or something then when someone orders this burger they just pour it on the patty. Im sorry but for a ten dollar burger I couldve went to Burger King and got there Angry Whopper meal for a few dollars less and it probably would've tasted better. Also the fries were at least a day old. They were so stale and hard. They also skimped on the fries. My philosophy is if you can see the plate behind the fries then they didnt give you enough. After I ate I was still hungry. My wife wasnt happy with her meal either. She got some kind've wrap but it looked like some day old thing that you can get at Vons or some place like that. The only reason why we came back here was because of the gift card. We wont be coming back.
3	I like their lunch menu. The portions are a tiny bit small but still fills you up. I'm a of the pick 2 lunch deal. And it's awesome they let us choose 2 entrees. Usually get the penne pasta and chicken wrap. Price is right and food is good. Definitely a worthwhile lunch spot. Only negative is its always busy during lunch ao food and bill will take a while tO get to you. Don't think I've ever made it back in under an hour and it's a block away.
1	I ordered the french onion soup, 12oz strip steak med-rare with mushrooms/onions and extra broccoli.The steak was almost flavorless, the broccoli was waaay overcooked and yet somehow served cold, and the french onion soup tasted like beef bullion with extra salt.I had a 25$ giftcard so I paid $1.62 and I still feel ripped off.When my son brings home those flyers from school where applebees donates a percentage of your bill to the school... I'm going to give his teacher 10$ and stay home for dinner.
3	I will give it three stars the service is extra slow we have been waiting over 60 minutes for our main dishes. The place is not crowded so I fail to see the problem. The staff seem a little extra over worked and tired. I give it 3 stars. We just waited to long and once we got our dishes hump they were wrong yet we didn't send them back out of fear of starving to death.
3	Shame on me for not reading reviews before eating at this Applebee's.  Met some friends for lunch this week.  The wise choice for us was Applebee's (off Warm Springs) because it was one of the closest restaurants to my friends work.  What started as a wise choice, ended with an overall 3 star review.  If you read other reviews like I did not, you can probably guess what the issue was.  That's right, service here is amazingly slow.  My friend works in the buildings right next to this Applebees and one of our other friends works within 10 minutes.  The plan was for me to arrive and then let them know once I'm seating.  I just wish now that I ordered ahead of time, like 45 minutes ahead of time.  We ordered our food at 12 PM and by 12:35 PM, nothing.  The waitress was called over and we asked about our food.  Viola! Within 10 minutes we got our food after complaining.  This led to speed eating since both my friends had to get back to work.  Long story short, this place doesn't get packed for lunch, they are just slow for lunch.  This is also the same song and dance if you read the other reviews.  C'mon Applebee's...your customers are trying to tell you something. As for the food, I got their Bourbon Street Chicken and Shrimp.  I had an extra chicken breast added just for good measure.  The overall meal actually tasted pretty good, but that was just taste.  Texture wasn't so great. Both my chicken breast were a little dry. Overall, I think I'm being generous with 3 stars.  I am giving them 3 stars only because I finished my plate.  Service needs to get better, at least faster.Bourbon Street Chicken & Shrimp:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2ur8pXFTFraCZnKwSEV4BA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQLovely Pair:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QHGjqvOeYqQEo01Gr6KlqQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
3	Other than a taco bell, this is the closest eatery near my house and truly is my neighborhood grill and bar.  We made a very last minute decision to eat here on Mother's Day night - arriving around 8pm to a very busy and bustling restaurant.  The business seemed a bit odd - I have never seen it this busy before and I think the staff hadn't either.  The service was a bit disorganized and slow.  The food was just A-OK.  Our food was simply okay - nothing spectacular here.  I tried a new chicken and shrimp dish served over spicy mexican rice.  It was good - but the shrimp are not the same shrimp seen on the menu cover!  Much smaller!  I had two very overpriced margaritas as well.  While we will visit this location in the future because it's near our house, we try to visit during happy hour times to save a few dollars on what can be very overpriced drinks.  We prefer to dine during their lunch times and take advantage of their lunch specials.
1	Terrible service and dry flavorless food. Waited 20min before someone asked us if we were ready to take our order. Then another 10min before the lady came back and said "oh I didn't realize he didn't take your drink order" as she nods to a guy behind her. Waited another 25min before the food came out and asked 2 times for my BBQ sauce. Then watched as the waiter passed me numerous time chatting with co workers and the table next to us. Then he asks me what was it I wanted again. Food came out and it was super dry and flavorless. Also waited another 20min to get our check so we could pay our bill after asking for it. Not coming here again.
2	Who ever choose their red wine needs to get a drivers license firstTerrible selection for place with a barPlease ask for help if you don't know a subject
3	The food was great but slow service served drinks in the beginng never saw her. after brought-us.   more drinks when lunch was over I'm like really?kim d slow server nice but slow motion is faster then she is!!!!!! Good meal thou belly happy ...... Clean fresh food severed hot and looked great..... ! Ok she going to hate my tip...... Whoops get her some skates......;)
2	Omg!! Slowest service ever. When we walked in, there was no host. So, we went straight to the bar thinking we will get quick service....WRONG!! The place wasn't that busy. There were 2 couples at the bar along with another table that the bartender had. There was a long wait for a greet. She said she had to go find mint for my mojito.we finally got our drinks but was never offered menus. I had to go to the host stand to get my own menus. I ordered water before the meal and the bartender never brought it. I asked for water again by someone who dropped the food off. The food is ok....typical Applebee's food. We finished the appetizer, drinks, and entrees. Nothing was cleared off until she picked up our credit card for payment. What really pissed me off is that a 3-top walked in at the bar and the bartender knew them and she greeted them and got their drinks immediately...I will never go back even if the restaurant was conveniently located behind the hotel.
3	We were the first people of the day to come in for lunch. It was a Sunday so they had all the TV's set for all the football games. The person who sat us was very nice and talkative. Our waitress was prompt at our table to welcome us and ask us for our drink order. We ordered an appetizer the Artichoke dip and chips and two Chinese Chicken Salads. Our waitress says great those are on the 2 for $20 deal which was nice because we had no idea. We just knew what we wanted and ordered.Did not take long to get the appetizer. It was good but, it did look as if the bowl was put in microwave to reheat it because of the burned edges on the bowl. We still eat it anyway and it was ok.When the salads came they were HUGE!! We asked for extra dressing on the side because it was kinda dry and the chicken was little over cooked. However we still enjoyed our outing with great service.They are open from 11am to late!! The table and booth was clean tho the door coming in had finger smudges all over but, we did not eat off the door :)Since its in the Neighborhood we will be back.
1	Horrible service and ignored several times by the server.  Food was prepared wrong. Cold queso.. should have went to Chili's
1	Would not recommend this particular Applebees to anyone. Me and my family ordered food. My cousin and I ordered pasta and it was supposed to come with bread. They forgot that. Finished our pasta and still no bread. Also our appetizers were chips and salsa along with some spinach dip. They brought out a small plate knowing there were six of us. How were we going to eat the chips and dip? Pour the dip in our hands and dip the chip into our palm? My cousins wife's drink was done sort of Sangria with cranberry in it. She took one sip and realized how disgusting it was. The floor manager nor two orlther waitresses noticed we were missing more plates, bread for the pasta and that the big sangria drink was still full. This was a slow Sunday night by the way. It was barely even busy. I would not recommend this place. Perhaps Chilis or another similar type restaurant or different Applebees would be your best bet.
1	We were here with a group of 4 people yesterday and all of us got the worst food poisoning ever. Everyone woke up with a fever, in pain and everything else that comes with food poisoning. Will be going to the ER shortly to figure out what kinda infected stuff they serve here.
1	I usually always come to this Applebee's late night & unfortunately this time we didn't get our usual server ( forgot her name) instead we got Tiffany. Just horrible service. She was rude & looked like she hated her life. We ordered our drinks & I got a Pepsi & when it came out it , it was flat. Once I let her know she let us know that she was aware that the soda was flat. Like why would you bother to bring me it to begin with. Then when we got our order it came out wrong & she made it seem like it was my fault because I had changed my side ? Like what the hell. These people need to step their game up . Don't recommend it go to the apple bees on Eastern & horizon !!
1	Service sucks. Super slow even though there is barely anyone in the place. People who got seated after us had their orders and  food brought before us and our drinks were very off, who puts a lemon in a corona? Food was just ok. Not worth coming back for
1	A couple of friends and I have been going to this location for a couple of years now. We will not go back due to their lack of customer service. Last time we went their "Happy Hour" bud light special was $5.50 and when we inquired with the waitress she said that it was discounted for happy hour. We then asked to speak to a manager who we saw 10 minutes earlier. She said she did not know where he was, so we left our number  so that he could call us back and we could ask about the changes. He has yet to call us back. So they have lost our business.
2	Sorry. But we will not be coming here anymore.  And this is why.....1) There was a party of loud drunk older women screaming every 2 seconds!!!  Please it is only Applebee's. Not a club. 2) Happy hour has different drink specials.  Not impressed. We would have drank more  but drinks tasted weak and watered down    Changed cup size on hubby's beer and is even more expensive. 3)  They must have a new cook. Food is not like it used to be.  We all ordered stuff with fries and there were like 5 pieces of fries on each plate. Really!  Fries are cheap!!!  Salad was over dressed and too much croutons.  My son had a piece of lettuce core in his salad. Come on. Quality control!!!  Why would you serve me trash?We do really appreciate the girls who served us were really nice especially since we had to deal with the drunks interrupting our meal. Jason was awesome and gave us a discount for having to deal with that crap the whole meal. Good looking out for your other paying customers!!!  That's the only reason they got the 2 stars. Some advice?  Fix your food ASAP!  We used to come on a weekly basis but this may have been the last time. :-(
1	I live by this Applebee's, so time and time again my family and I decide to give it a second chance. However we are ultimately disappointed each time. The food, for starters, tastes like frozen food that is warmed up again. I order the fish and chips almost each time and the fish tastes like pre frozen fish from Walmart - yuck! Even with their new menu, the food is OK but still tastes like it's been bought at a store and not prepared by a chef.On busy nights, it is impossible to get good service - I once went an entire meal without having my drink refilled. The staff is often ok but if you do not get your servers attention then you will rarely get service. I feel like this restaurant has potential, but it's just not there yet. Until then, I will not be returning.
3	This place is close to my house so we go there sometimes when we don't want to cook. This time it was Friday at lunchtime. They were pretty busy. We ordered the pick two lunch combos. I got a Caesar salad with 1/2 of a clubhouse grill. My husband got the same but with tomato soup. The good was delicious. The only problem was that my husband had a piece of waxed paper in his sandwich. You know... The kind that go in between cheese slices when you buy it. The Server apologized and we laughed. She brought him another. It bothered us a bit that  the manager didn't come over and it would have been kind of nice to have a bit deducted off of his meal but that did not happen. We are not high maintenance picky people by any means. It just would have been nice to show a little bit better customer service there.
4	Sit at the bar, Jordan is awesome, friendly and always positive.   What an awesome bartender!
4	Our server was Sam and she was great!! Pleasant and helpful with any questions we had.  Food was really good!!
