1	Horrible just horrible...I went to Pawn 1st to see if they had any good deals on jewelry. After witnessing multiple rude employees completely ignoring the customers, and just lazily standing around talking it was clear to me that this is a place to stay far far away from when looking for a good deal. Not to mention how overpriced their items are. I saw in their showcase a camping knife marked up as double than what it even sells for in the store retail. Save your money and the aggrivation and stay away from this crooked store!!
1	I could not believe how terrible this store is.  They are new at this location and the first day I go to sell something, which was like Memorial day I think, they are closed, so I go back and they offer me $70 for my guitar.  I said I would think about it and they said come back in and we will give you the $70 if you do decide to sell it.  So I take it back in a week later with a few other items and they say $65 for everything. I could not believe it, they said well maybe you should have taken it at that time.  They are ripping people off, giving them low dollar amounts for their items and then jacking up the price to almost 3 times what an item is worth.  They were selling a used play station in there for $450. I will never recommend this place.
4	I have been dealing with these guys for years. They have always been helpful and polite. When I ran into a problem they helped me out better than I expected. I highly recommend them!
1	BEWARE...I was very unhappy with my experience pawning my guitar here.  I just needed some cash to get through as I was changing job and had a delay in my next check.  Well I took in my my guitar in PRISTINE condition and I got it back with a ding in it.  DO NOT PAWN THINGS HERE.   I was horrified.
3	It's a pawn store so I'm ranking this place by selection, price, service, and flexibility. If you pawn anywhere, only expect to get about 1/3 of an item's lowest sold price on eBay. Is that a rip off? Yes of course it is. But thats how stores make money, pay their employees, and how one gets cash money fast (hint: use Craigslist for fair market prices). Try to negotiate at least 50% if you have desirable stuff or solicit here often. I don't do jewelry so no experience here. Selection is often better than most but small--the usual tools, electronics, jewelry. Some decent guitars every so often. Prices are on steep side, negotiate whenever you can. They have some flexibility, unlike Super Pawn. Service is lacking but generally good for what it is: a pawn store. Oh, yeah, no grace period. Return policy not too shabby but make sure you establish terms up-front. Pro tip: always hard case your guitars, or otherwise  protect your pawned gear, most folks don't care about your stuff until too late.
1	Wow! So first of all their stuff is overpriced, criminally overpriced.  Second all they do (pretty much all pawn shops FYI) is look up eBay prices and offer you like 25% of what they could sell it for on eBay. Even knowing that this place fails hard.$100 offer for iPhone 5c with all the accessories. What a joke.
5	I have been in here a few times. I have always had a good experience Prices are high on some things but I always negotiate. Kyle Dent is a great guy there and has always taken care of me. There are a few girls who work here that are not too friendly but I don't think there still around.
