5	Kind sales people, brilliant, whimsical design and pristine construction of Scott Gauthier's wearable art makes this store any fine jewelry lover's dream.  Even if you don't leave with a sparkler, you will leave with an enhanced knowledge of how fine jewelry is constructed, how dreams can be achieved, and a couple of really cool, heavy duty catalogues (one of them has a wooden cover!)
2	We've been looking for a custom design ring for our engagement/wedding for well over a year and a client of mine had highly recommended  Gauthier. We had stopped by twice before and they were closed, so we were in the Old town area again and stopped in. I was excited and looking forward to seeing their showcases and having something created. My suggestions is to maybe call and make sure they are open before heading over there.The jewelry is unique, brilliant and truly a piece of art...which I absolutely appreciate. I came in with pictures and elaborated on some ideas of what I was looking for.  I am giving them two stars....which has nothing to do with the beauty or quality of their jewelry but more so because of our experience. I hope you don't have the same....What I didn't appreciate...when we walked in the sales girl seemed very nice, a little pushy but I felt like she was making an assumption we could afford ...they say "don't judge a book by the cover". Once we said that we don't have a price in mind, as this will be the one and only ring we will be purchasing in our marriage it needed to be unique and personal,  From that point,  the sales gal started showing us a ton of pictures on her ipad and rings from the showcases that were not even remotely close to what I had described. I even showed her pictures of other rings I liked. I don't think she was listening...What turned me off was that when I mentioned I saw another Gauthier ring at a local high end jeweler's store, she immediately knocked the other jeweler by saying it was probably an estate piece and if you want something custom they are not really known for their custom work, but if we were really looking for something custom and a quality master piece then she has a selection to show us. I was ready to just leave at this point... I get it,  she is a sales person looking to make a sale..but truth is, she lost my business because how not only she treated us at the beginning but also because of her unnecessary comments about their competition. I am not comparing a mall jeweler to them...I am comparing another high end custom jeweler to them...all in all just really disappointed because I was looking forward to having them create something amazing.
1	Unfortunately I hate to write a negative review but I have too. I've been in this business before and absolutely loved the service that my husband and I received. Extremely courteous and friendly. My husband had called because I told him that my engagement ring which is NOT a Gauthier ring the center diamond was feeling loose. He called and told them the situation, and the lady said to come in and they would tighten it even though it wasn't their ring. So we live in North Scottsdale and made the trip down there. I walked in and the young salesperson shooed me away so I waited for another salesperson. He was extremely nice at first. I told him that my ring was loose and when I handed my ring to him. He looked disgusted and said "this is not a Gauthier ring. We can not fix it." I told him that my husband called and was told to come in. That the salesperson knew it was not a Gauthier ring. He very pointedly said he would not fix it and ushered me out. He made me feel terrible. We wouldn't have wasted our time to drive there only to be turned away. We were customers. But now we are not. Which makes me sad. I enjoyed their jewelry very much. Simple business 101, a simple positive experience will create a lasting relationship for future purchases, BIG FAIL!
