1	I received a vanilla brownie Sunday instead of chocolate. Second time my order has been screwed up or they have forgotten something.
2	Went here last night to get their 44oz water and a snack before work. When I ordered I was told my total and to pull forward. I was in the drive thru line for OVER 35 MINUTES!! Finally about 10 minutes at a standstill I asked one of the servers what the problem was; to which he rattled off a few kitchen machined were out of order and there was nothing he could do and quickly told me he would "just cancel my order". I replied "excuse me?" He sighed and walked off. Finally about 30 minutes after I ordered I asked to speak with the manager, who was polite and the only reason my rating isn't ZERO STARS! I explained I am irritated I have been in line for over a half hour because the machines weren't working and if I ordered something that required that machine why didn't they let me know it might take a while since by this point I am late for work!! Needless to say, horrible management, even worse customer service and I will NOT be returning to this location!!
1	It's like they took all the worst employees at surrounding fast food restaurants and stuck them here. They've gotten one out of 5 drive through orders right. Don't go here
1	If I could give less than 1 star I would. Worst Sonic ever! This place should be shut down. Food was wrong and tasted like it was left overs from last week.
1	This location always has terrible service. Literally just got ignored for 15 minutes while standing, waiting to place our order. It's even worse when being ignored by employees walking by, refusing to make eye contact. Thank god rally's is right down the street, left sonic and went there instead. This sonic location needs to step it up or close down.
1	I like getting a breakfast burrito from Sonic before work, but this is the SLOWEST Sonic I have ever been to. Maybe the slowest drive-through fast-food ever, and the annoying thing is that it's ALWAYS slow. I often see cars waiting in the drive-through just drive away before getting their food because the wait is so long. It doesn't stop me from coming here because I love the breakfast burritos, but I sure don't come here very often because of it.
1	Tonight marks the worst fast food restaurant experience I have ever encountered.  This is the last time I will ever visit a Sonic. No other fast food chain I have visited has given me a worse experience than the Sonic on Mckellips Dr. First of all, my son's order was screwed up twice. Then my husband went to pick up his drink, and the lid wasn't properly on the cup and it spilled all over him and his food. Lastly, not knowing that pretzel buns are only for hotdogs, I asked for one on my chicken sandwich and they used 2 hotdog buns and didn't even tell me they don't offer sandwich pretzel buns. Plus, they charged me 2 extra dollars for this creation. This isn't the first time I've had issues with this Sonic. Something is ALWAYS screwed up in the order or the location is out of ice cream. Not only that, any time I call to speak with the manager, they don't care. They barely offer an apology. This restaurant is pathetic and I have many choices in the area, so this will be my last visit to Sonic, or any Sonic for that matter.  It seems that Sonic has no intention of bettering their restaurants. What a shame. Beware and stay away!!
