5	For the 4 years I've owned my SUV, it hasn't been detailed/cleaned on the inside.  This poor vehicle has lived through eating fast food on the go, a vomiting Yorkie puppy, and muddy boots from snowstorms.  A detailing was long overdue. The ANu wave company was offering a Groupon, and we bought it for a half-priced detailing service.  The guys who came to our house spent an hour and a half cleaning the leather, wiping down and polishing the rims, dusting and shining every surface.  The car went through an extreme makeover and looks brand new again! The only teeny tiny flaw, was a mini nick in the wood steeling wheel.  It doesn't really bother me, and shouldn't hinder anyone from using ANu. Would pay full price for service again!
5	Two guys came out to my house and spent over three hours on my car. It was filthy from carting around boys from the baseball and football fields, with dirt, mud, fries and goldfish random floating around. The guys did a great job and I'm amazed at the time they spent on it. Highly recommend!
1	I bought a Groupon for an auto detailing for these guys AND have called them several times leaving several messages and THEY DO NOT return your calls back!!!!  Not even to do a courtesy call to tell me they are swamped and cant get me in till next month....it makes me wonder if these prior reviews are just them having friends write reviews and that this company is a FAKE!!!! I am reporting them to Groupon and to Better Business Bureau so someone else like myself isn't out $69 for an auto detail.Tsk..tsk guys...if you are going to run a business, you have to at least return calls
1	Beware of these folks on Groupon.    We bought a groupon for these call several times with no answer and finally got an appointment several weeks out.  Despite calling yesterday (to no answer of course) to attempt to confirm appointment,  they are a no show for the appointed day/time for the car detailing.
1	I bought a groupon for my auto detail.   The website states that the detail includes (I have copied and pasted from their website): Exterior WashExterior/Interior Window CleaningApply protective waxInterior vacuumWipe dash/console/cup holder areasShampoo CarpetShampoo/Clean SeatsTires & Wheels ShinedMy seats were NOT cleaned/shampooed.  Cupholders were NOT wiped clean.  Doorjambs were NOT cleaned.  I wanted my van detailed specifically to clean the seats and doorjambs.  I'm very disappointed in this service and strongly advise everyone to stay away from this company.
