5	WOW! This place use to be called Burger Factory, but the original owner took over it and changed it big time. The place looks really different and is worth stopping by!I ran into it by accident and now a hardcore fan. The PRICES and the FOOD is awesome. Get the Pastrami sandwich and you wont be be disappointed. Today I had burger and it was one of best tasting burgers I've ever had in Phoenix since moving here 10 years ago (well worth the $10). Tasted like it was char-broiled authentic.  I would say out of a scale 1 out of 10Cleanliness : 10Customer Service: 10Food : 10+++Parking: 9CONS: They didn't have coca-cola but all well I settled for sprite.
5	saw that it was open under a new name and owner, and thought i would give them a tryboy was i glad i did! I had a pastrami, it was the best i ever had.the place was very clean and brighti will be back for sure.
4	This is a tasty burger joint - toasted bun, secret sauce (1000 island), shredded lettuce - simple and delicious.  Thick French fries - low prices - clean environment - friendly staff.  Although they share a similar color scheme, this place puts Five Guys to shame.   Best in class for what it is.
5	Best. Tuna.Melt. Ever.Fabulous tuna, served on your choice of bread - I chose sourdough, and it was thin, crispy, buttered and grilled to perfection. I asked for a few onions on the side and added it to the sandwich, which made it PERFECT. I've been eating tuna melts for years, and this one takes top prize. The tuna was still cool (a MUST with a tuna melt), and the bread and cheese were hot and melty. Fabulous flavor/temperature combo.My husband has had the burger, and loves it; he heaps even more praise on the pastrami - in fact, he says it's as good as The Gold Star in LA, and that is the highest praise he can give.The fries are excellent - thick, crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside and hotter than the hinges of well, you know.When you order a sandwich or burger combo for $3 extra, you get fries or onion rings and a gigantic 32 oz. drink.The tuna melt combo and pastrami sandwich (VERY LARGE and on fantastic bread) was about $15. Not super cheap, but well worth the money.Next time we'r'e going to try the onion rings, and one day we'll make it over for one of the breakfast specials.Ooops - I almost forgot - the fried zucchini is out of this world! A huge portion is served piping hot and crispy outside, with tender, sweet, juicy zucchini spears inside the excellent coating,and a side of ranch dressing. Almost a meal in itself. OUTSTANDING!The place is clean, bright, and busy. The staff is friendly and fast.If there were one of these on every corner, McDonalds, BK, Jack,  Wendy's et al would be out of business. Can't ask for better than this!
4	Oh my goodness...best burger I have had in a really long time. The burger was huge! more than enough for me to handle but very delicious with fresh ingredients toped with a tasty sauce. The  fries with my meal were also  amazing. I will definitely be back to visit anytime I'm in the phoenix area.
5	Excellent! Burger was juicy, chili cheese fries were awesome. Onion rings were crispy. We will be back! Would recommend you try it.
5	I've been going to the burger shoppe for years now and haven't had a better burger anywhere and I travel a lot. I live in north Phoenix and will go out of my way just for a chance to eat here. Burgers are perfect. Breakfast burritos are big and delicious. And you have to try the zucchini sticks. Best of all the prices are really cheap how do they do it.
5	great burger place with a huge menu.  good service too!
4	Not bad place, clean and fast! burger taste great, the outside might look outmoded, but the newly remodeled inside is great!
4	Reminds me of the burger joint back home. Good prices for big size burgers. I ordered the double chili cheese burger. I loved the burger tasty and juicy. The chili could be thicker a little runny for my liking but a great taste. Onion rings were golden, crispy and delicious. All I needed to go with that is a shake but they don't have it on the menu..hint, hint. Will be back to try something different.
4	Been coming here for years since I work a half mile from there. The burgers are good and freshly prepared. The burger special is a good buy, but the key find is the breakfast burrito which are one of the better ones in town. No frills and the menu has quite a selection. They are fast and generally consistent with good tasting food. Better than a fast food place
1	Burger meat was not high quality and I didn't love that they mixed raw onions into the lettuce.
5	Great food. We love the Family Pack - 4 great burgers with fries and comes with a nice big drink! Affordable and good tasting.
3	food is decent, good if you're craving a burger. I wasn't amazed and the burger gets sloppy towards the end. Also the breakfast is OK, nothing special
5	So, yeah.  This place gets a bump.  I've eaten there a few times now and the food is consistently great.  The pastrami sandwich might be my favorite in town. The burgers are terrific.  All at an unbeatable price point.  GO.
2	Not impressed. I can order a better hamburger from Burger King. The fries lacked luster and the bread for the burger was stale. The burger had no flavor. Maybe the Mexican food is better than the burgers.  I may return to try the Mexican food but outside of that this place is a no/go for me.
5	The breakfast is the star here..  Eithier the burrito or the plate.  Plate is cheaper then burrito but both are great for the price!
