3	Yes, I did it, I went on the first day this place opened up. Couldn't help it, I was intrigued! So I quickly ran in and bought a few things on my way home from work today.First of all, the location of this place is great. Can you believe something *new* and *special* actually opened up in the vast wasteland of central-west Mesa? From what I can tell, Fresh & Easy  specializes in its veggies, fruits, quick ready-made meals and other essentials like dairy, eggs, cuts of meat, etc. It's a lot like Trader Joe's, in that it is designed as  a quick get-in-get-out- kind of place, which is great if you, say, need a few tomatoes and don't feel like wading through a giant Safeway.The prices are great. For example, I got a six-pack of Roma tomatoes for $1.98. A bag of fresh spinach for $2.85. Crumbled feta for $2.28 and a huge container of plain yogurt for $1.85. So the prices are even a little lower than TJ's.Their baked goods were kind of cool, too. You can buy little quarter-baguettes for 79 cents and they have things like croissants and pineapple empanadas. In fact, it looks like they might try to cater to the particular neigborhoods they are in, as this place sold fresh cactus (to eat, not to plant) and Mexican squash in the produce section.Other pluses? Well, they sell bags of fresh mint, which means it will no longer cost me a fortune to make mojitos for my friends (I'm looking at you, Safeway, and your overpriced little packages of organic mint!) Also, this place sells brands like Pepsi and Coke that TJ's doesn't. I think that's a great business move -  it always annoys me that, with TJ's, I have to end up shopping at two stores to get all the things I need for the week.I didn't buy any of their ready-made foods this time around, although they looked interesting. I think that, because this place is owned by a British company, they seem to sell more Indian things -- onion bhajis and samosas in the deli, frozen packages of shahi paneer and butter chicken, etc. But the bad news? Nothing in the ready made section was vegetarian! Come ON Fresh and Easy, what gives? Even the frozen Indian meals were almost all meaty. Methi malai chicken? Why did you have to add that chicken in there, really?Anyhow, long story short, this place is interesting, cheap and will definitely be a place I"ll be stopping into to pick up groceries on my way home from work. Will I end up doing most of my grocery shopping there? Too soon to tell.
2	Good lord, what a joke. The first thing I see as I approach is a reserved section next to the handicapped parking labeled "Hybrid Only" parking... okay, fine. They're really pushing the idea of them being "Earth Friendly"... pfft, don't make me laugh. We wander in and start looking at the generic looking products lining the shelves. "Shipped in from France." What? How much gas did that take? "Shipped fresh from Costa Rica." Ha! I'm sure that's cheaper and more Earth Friendly and fresher than just using local or even just closer suppliers. Another thing we noticed as we walked through the two sets of triple sliding glass electric doors (very earth conscious and frugal) was that it was below 60 degrees inside. There are seriously big thick jackets for the employees to wear at the check stands. How much resources does it waste to keep it this cold? Especially in Arizona. I'm sure with all the CFCs being released, this place has a bigger energy footprint than a suburban block full of homes. Environmentally friendly, my dirty asshole. Perhaps the worst offense, aside from the fact that nothing is made here and instead is shipped in, is that it's all packaged in excess plastic. Everything is wrapped in plastic and in plastic trays. Even apples... I can't pick an individual apple, I have to get a little family of four and their little house too. I guess I could recycle it (if it didn't have a paper sticker on it - oops). Also, I get that part of the appeal here is the organic fad so there aren't any preservatives, but seriously - it seems like everything here expires like tomorrow. Not so Fresh, eh?Let me just hop in my Hybrid and head across town past 6 other grocery stores to the Fresh and Easy market where I can wander around in a frozen tundra environment grabbing food that's minutes away from expiring after being flown or shipped in from other countries on massive gas guzzling planes or ships then across our country in gas guzzling big rigs. Then I can check myself out and bag my own shit in plastic bags because the luxury of having someone else do it makes me feel useless after a long day at work. Then I can go home and really feel good about myself and the positive effect I'm having on the environment. In their defense, the bags are reportedly 50% recycled material and they urge you to drive all the way back to the store so they can recycle them (they won't re-use them, but they'll send them out to be recycled - as far as I know, plastic bags aren't recyclable). We bought fixins to make a pizza... I should've just gone to DeFalco's and bought the shit. There was a lot of stuff they just didn't have - they JUST got Pepperonis apparently (and they were just Gallo that you could get at any store). In fact, half of what they sell is their own Easy branding which is pretty generic looking (something I'm perfectly fine with). The other half is just the same shit you can get at any grocery store. Their prices are pretty decent - I'll give them that. If they had one right down the street from me, I would probably shop at it once in awhile... and fill out comment cards frequently about their flagrant hypocrisies. Overall though - don't be fooled - this place is bullshit.
4	I love this place. I don't really buy in to the environmentally-friendly hype unless I'm pulling a tomato off a plant in my own yard, but I love Fresh & Easy because of their:-50% off rack. Great prices for delicious food that is still perfectly edible for many days.-Inexpensive products. Among other things, I like to stock up on their organic soups and sometimes buy their ready-made meals. -Fantastic packaging. It's refreshingly simple.It is FREEZING cold in here, though. And sometimes I just want to buy one onion, not a bag of six....
2	I was expecting much more from Fresh & Easy. With all the hype about how wonderfully fresh and quick it was, I was expecting more. I couldn't find one damn package of broccoli florets that didn't have yellowing around the ends. Whatever. I bought it anyway, hoping it wouldn't taste bitter. Surprise, surprise...I got it home and it was disgusting. I should have known.I went to their section for pre packaged meals and was let down. For a store that's wanting to cater to the hip, environemental, organic, healthy crowd, almost everything they sold had Canola oil in it. Dude, vegetable oils are disgusting and highly processed. Like everything had canola oil in it and that shows me they are  c-h-e-a-p  asses in production. Secondly out of about 60 prepackaged meals, only 2 were allergen free. Everything pre packaged had at least one of the top allergens as ingredients, but most of them had 2 or 3! WTF? Can't I get one thing without wheat, eggs, dairy, nuts, or soy? Let alone like have all of them in the meal? That rules out a lot of people to buy they're supposedly "fresh and easy" meals. That was a major let down. I bought some mexican chicken stuff which was pretty good, and cheap, so I'll give it that.I didn't realize they were trying to be environmentally friendly although I did notice the lack of paper bags, and only saw plastic. Maybe I was missing the paper somewhere? It didn't live up to my expectations and it's no wonder it's not doing as well in the United States as Tesco Lotus had hoped. Honestly, Trader Joes has WAY better pre packaged, fresher items, both produce wise and for heat-up meals on the go. I'd rather just go there to pick up a meal, and skip this whole charade.I'll try it again because there's one right around the corner from me, and I'd like to see if any of their other stuff is worth buying.
3	I like F&E. There are some good things in there, but it's kind of like you have to play by its own rules. If you walk in with one specific item on your list, (Examples: pico de gallo. Not that uncommon, right? How about good hamburger buns? Only one kind? Really?) chances are you might not find it. But, you will be tempted by the premade meals and delightful snacks. Fresh chicken salad? I didn't know I wanted that when I walked in, but now I have it. Don't come here if you have a strict list that you need to shop for or if you're seeking hard-to-find items. Come here with a friend late on a sunday night when you need ideas to make meals for the rest of the week.The store is indeed freezing cold and kind of has that sterile hospital feeling. Lots of really bright lights and WHITE everywhere. The 50% off stuff is great. I got a big package of fettuccine for a dollar. Their prices are a bit odd, though. $0.99 for a pack of four bratwurst, and $2.50 for a can of generic tuna? Well, alright. I'll be back! But now I know under what circumstances to shop here.Highlight: This location seems to be run by a rather sassy nun.
3	Six months ago I'd have given this place 4 or 5 stars, but things have been changing.I do like the selection of fresh and ready to eat products, such as heat and eat meals, hummus, and salads. Their meats are good, but too bad they reduced the selection of meats in order to carry a full aisle of beer.The half-off items are good, especially the two-serving breads. Prices are reasonable, and selection is generally good for my needs. I do wish they would allow me to pick my own vegetables (I don't need 4 sweet potatoes or 6 onions, only one). The service is on the down-swing, unfortunately. It used to be easy to find an employee, but it's getting harder. Even the free samples, which used to be a fantastic way to try a Fresh & Easy brand product, are often missing or the same thing over and over. This store is barely a year old, and already it's lost its appeal.
3	I have to tell you, I still love Fresh and Easy, even after being to this location.  I orignally got hooked on them by shopping at my favorite location, off Ray and Kyrene.  Something about this specific location just doesn't cut it.  It carries the same products, looks the same on the inside, but it just lacks...I still shop here when I need food.  They always have great deals, thier prepackaged dinners are tasty and reliable, and you can find great deals in the clearance area to move quickly.  I just have issues with this specific location.I will continue to frequent this location as it is closest to my apartment, but in my heart, my favorite location will always be the Ray and Kyrene store.
3	I've always thought this F&E was in such an odd location - it's literally standing alone now because it seems like the strip mall area they've chosen no longer has any tenants.I love the people here - sassy, funny, full of good nature and are all around knowledgeable.In my heart I know that they are carrying the same selection as the other F&Es, but I don't know what is missing... I can't put  my finger on it, but something is missing.I've been to almost all of the F&E locations in the Mesa/PHX area and this one doesn't have what the others do.Why do I keep coming here? Because I don't want to go to Chandler for the food tax. The other F&E out by the 85206 zip code is really a bit too far out for me.I'll keep going here, though...if only for the people because they keep me laughing!
4	This store has changed a bit since it opened in '07. But I still like the concept. They've dropped some things and added some others, and the layout was changed in the cold section. But overall this store is better to go to than the  2 local Fry's
3	Strange, but sometimes practical. I tend to run into good last minute deals with their produce, which comes perfect if you will cook it next day tops. The bread selection is fine, but I'm no so happy with their selection in cereals. However, they will offer sometimes small veggies packs, so you don't have to peal and cut, ready to cook.
4	Cereal selection has improved!! and I'm finding more products with splenda (that makes my tummy smile). Stil, this place is a better option than walmart, plus I always get a discount coupon :D
3	I can only compare this F & E to the one near my home in La Mesa, CA and it didn't really measure up.  My first impression was that this location might have taken over another defunct grocery store because everything looked kind of dingy and worn.  But then I remembered my home store had taken over a closed location too so that is no excuse.I will give them back one star for having g a $5 case of beer, the item I was after.  I didn't look around much but the layout looked the same as my local F & E.  Their 50% stuff didn't look appealing at all though, and that is a section I usually buy several items from at home.  So I think I'll stick with the three stars and will probably go back just for the cheap beer if I need more.
4	I chose to live where I do because of the lightrail and I've been testing out the 5 grocery stores that are less than 2 miles from my house since May.  The safeway is ridiculously expensive.  The fry's is pretty average and the wal-mart is so insanely busy I don't want to go there.  I really like that there is an asian market nearby but fresh and easy has won out all of them for my needs.First off let me say I'm seriously frugal so I got a frequent shopper card and get coupons delivered to my e-mail.  i always shop with a $3 off for $20 purchase and I stock up on freezer items and dry goods when they're on sale.  Today I bought up 12oz organic coffee for $1.50 because it was christmas flavored peppermint and pumpkin.  I'm not that impressed with their fresh produce (prices and variety) and don't get me started on the individual wrappings but it's not as bad as the asian market which I tear open in protest and buy just one.  There are laws stores have to sell anything you want in the amount you want even batteries and such but I don't know how to go about that.  I really like that you can get nuts raw and unsalted though a bit pricey (but where can you find nuts cheap, oil crisis? I think there's a nut crisis) it's a good for you splurge.  We should all be buying from a local co-op and growing in our front lawns and community gardens anyway so let's really get sustainable with ourselves before we go tsking a store that's at least trying to spark some awareness and brings us more organic berries in the freezer section.  Any store that has organic frozen blueberries 1lb for $2.67 is ok in my book.  Just a lesson in basic nutrition if you're not going to eat something that day buy frozen or get less nutrients as the time goes by.  Just another lesson in sustainability it actually doesn't take a ton of gas to get products across an ocean.  So go ahead and buy from asia it's not as bad as buying from florida.  You can recycle plastic bags and research is being conducted to turn plastic bags into one of the best batteries ever made though the process might take quite a bit of energy.
5	Love this place, I only shop here and at the Asian or Mexican markets.
5	I love this place. It's down the block from my job, but it closed down.  Oh sad times. Now the hunt for organic lunches near mesa Riverview.
