5	Los Burritos... Simply delicious. A hidden gem to say the least! I walked into the small restaurant with colorful window art of Mexican food. I was greeted and served by a wonderful staff. I ordered a burrito expecting the usual taste of a burrito, however when I began to eat I was hit with a wave of childhood memories and flavors. Los Burritos is TRUE Mexican food made with authenticity and care. The meat is carefully prepared to an unbelievable quality and the recipes used are the same ones that would be used for a family dinner. I highly recommend Los Burritos.
4	Found this place really close to home thanks to yelp.  I've been looking for a.New favorite burrito joint - and this is it.  Awesome steak burrito - make sure you get the salsa.  It's homemade!  Family owned and very friendly.
5	A Mexican food place that delivers!!!  The owner was very attentive and interested in providing excellent service and food.  He is a personable guy willing to share his stories of where the recipes originated in his family.  I ordered the chiles rellenos burrito which was served in a homemade type tortilla -- just spicy enough.  This is really authentic Mexican food.
5	Heavenly Mexican food that delivers to my house. Super legit. Don't feel like being funny or witty right now, this is pure information delivery so that you can eat here tomorrow.
5	Tiny little place and not the fanciest. most would prob be quick to judge but don't let the place scare you because they have really good food!!!!!! Very fresh! The salsa is amazing too!!!! And the place is a small family owned business! I'm all about supporting that!!!!
5	Satisfied! I found my lil piece of mexican food heaven and it's delivered to my door. Best carne asada torta I've had in the states. Seriously the bread was the best. Seems most tortas I've had in AZ are stuffed to the max and fall apart...not here. For dessert I had mango with chili n limon YUM.
5	Addicted!!!!
4	Deliciousness delivered right to my door! I had a carne asada taco and a shredded chicken vampiro w/ a side of Mexican corn (you know, the corn on the cob slathered in cotija cheese). It was all fabulous, incredibly seasoned and delicious, plus the delivery driver was sweet as pie. This is the real deal.
5	Great Mexican food, cheap, fast and free delivery. Never had a bad experience.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! The owner is always behind the counter cooking my food fresh ready to order. And they deliver for free no delivery charge! Even though I tip anyways. And once again the owner delivers my food somtimes in a hair net haha.The food is the best most authenic quick mexican food I've had in this area and I haven't found anything that compares. I'm from Chicago and i personally feel the Mexican food is awful out here.. maybe its the desert or cheap products. Anyways the fresh gauc and salsa mmmmyum but some reason they don't make their chips or even have good corn chips. That is the only reason I took it down to 4 star. They look like fritos! I hate those, I just use different chips from the mexican market I buy at home to eat the delicious salsa. Ill recommend they should at least have better chips. Also the interior has little atmosphere,  but with a little work they could decorate. The walls are white , some pictures up of family, you can see through the kitchen and hear everything. Not the best place to eat at but I enjoy there company and good food so atmosphere is not a priority when I visit. I've eatn the tacos all the meats offered are great..the carne asada is the best, but my go to is the chicken grilled burrito...so good. My boyfriend LOVES the chili relleno burrito, gets it almost everytime.all in all one of my favorites and I'm having it for lunch now ;)
4	Great customer service, is the first thing I have to say! My wife and Are visiting from Washington. we had the carne asada tacos and burrito. The ingredients are fresh, meat isn't chewy. The only downside is that the rice served with the taco plate was a bit more moist then I would prefer. A diamond in the rough. I would and will visit this location again.
5	Originally from Cali and now living on the East Coast, I crave delicious Mexican food. I eagerly await my annual trip out West! I was passing through Phoenix and read about this place. Well, Los Burritos did not disappoint! I ordered a carne asada burrito and a flan and my dad had huevos rancheros. First off, Fernando, the owner came out to welcome us. Him and his son run the place. He cooks everything fresh and right then, so he is able to easily add or change up your order to your liking. The food is simply delicious. The seasoning on the carne was perfect and the meat was tender. The flan was so good my dad had to get one for himself. The huevos rancheros were fantastic too with a flavorful sauce. Fernando came over to chat with us and you really get the sense that he is passionate about making you feel welcome and providing you a flavorful and delicious meal. The atmosphere could certainly use a little updating touch, but please don't let that stop you from eating here. It is the true "hole in the wall" find. The one you tell all your friends about if they want some delic Mexican grub. I can't wait to return next year! Do your tummy a favor and go support this family run spot...
5	The real deal, for sure. Super friendly family. If you are from out of town like me, buy more than you can eat, so you can taste more things. Don't pass up the unique and super tasty chili rellenos. Nothing here disappoints.
5	Came for business from DC and was looking for great Mexican food.  We were welcomed by the owner and his two sons. The place is unpretentious but those can be the hidden gems.  This sure was!!Extremely friendly family and the food was made to order. Started with carne asada nachos and it was spectacular. Then ate chorizo con papas burrito and the chorizo was delicious!!  Not greasy and very tasty. Great food, nice owner. What else can you ask for.  Definitely recommend and I will come back next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Dear everyone in Arcadia lite:There's an unfortunate shortage of food delivery in our neck of the woods.  For all those times you're too tired to hop in the car, or sincerely just too hammered to leave the friendly confines of your living room; the food gods created Los burritos.Food: 5 stars. You can taste the authenticity in their regular salsa. Wasn't made for gringo's.Atmosphere: my living rooms awesome thank you for asking.Service: 5 stars. Got to my house in under 20.In short, these guys provide a great service to our residents. Next time you stumble home from Little Woody's hungry you'll thank me.Sincerely,Yelp User Cam
4	Tried their breakfast burrito and I really enjoyed it.  It tasted a lot fresher then going to a filibertos.  Unfortunately my hubby didn't get beef in his rolled tacos like he had ordered he got chicken. I would def go back.
5	Hidden gem in the Arcadia area. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food in Phoenix you have to check out Los Burritos. Everything is prepared fresh and made to order. Family owned and operated, everyone is extremely friendly! Great find! Don't miss out!
5	Super friendly staff and tasty food!!! I ordered the carne Asada plate and while I waited the owner came out and chatted with me. I just think that is so nice! When I'm back in Phoenix again I'll definitely stop in to try some of their other dishes. Oh and good prices too.
5	Everything is cooked to order, takes a couple mins, but we'll worth it. Owner and his family are extremely nice and take pride in their food. It's very addicting, and I can't stop coming back for more.
5	ooooooooooooomgso freaking good its ridiculous. forget any other place that ends in "erto's" unless its 3am.i have never stopped eating to write a review. but this is incredible. this place can be missed very quickly as you drive by, but look for it across from fry's.the family staff is awesome. very nice. and cute to boot.i tried the carne quesadilla. aaaaaaand i'm in love. highly suggest it.new website is: www.phoenixlosburritos.com
5	Found this place on yelp and saw good reviews so decided to give it a try. I called in for delivery and ordered 3 tacos, a side of chips & salsa and a mango. The delivery was fast and the food was delicious! I absolutely loved the tacos and the salsa. Will definitely  be eating at this place again!
5	Best Mexican food. The salsa is incredible and the breakfast burrito (chorizo with potatoes) was amazing. Fantastic service.
5	Great Food! Fast and Friendly personell. Very small and hidden on 30th Pl and Thomas.
2	There was a time when I would have recommended Los Burritos, I mean afterall it's the only mexican food place that delivers near me.  That said, the quantity of food you get has declined drastically over the last six months to the point where on my last order I got basically half a quesadilla when ordering a large one and the tacos could rest in the palm of your hand.  They were literally baby tacos for children and they were $2.25 a pop.On top of that, they don't even put much meat and cheese into their quesadillas or tacos, and their burritos are small and thin.If you want good mexican food at a reasonable price, I recommend just getting in your car and going to Vacquiero's or some place that actually gives you some quality portions for your money.
2	Located in a very run-down strip mall, if you're going to go you have to be prepared for the hole-in-the-wall place that this is. When I was there, there was only one employee in the place (Noon on a Thursday). And they had no customers. The guy was nice, took my order and cooked it up. Food was fine, but I won't likely go back.
5	Amazing customer service and some of the best carne asada I've had in the valley (not fatty like lots of other places). Great little hole-in-the-wall spot, nothing fancy, but they certainly know what they're doing. Also, they deliver!
4	Read the reviews and thought to give it a try...Pros: This little restaurant captures the Mexico vibe and puts it on Thomas Rd.  And we know, as they say a "whole in the wall" restaurant can turn out to be the best! The carne asada was made fresh to order, the beans were amazing and the salsa is authentic and "home made" fresh daily. Fernando and Ben are great hosts! Definitely will be back to try another dish! Cons: they could work on their Spanish Rice...a true Mexican staple food. Get that right and my son will be  regular patron.
2	Based on the reviews we were excited to eat here.  It's in a sketchy strip mall, I probably would have passed on this place if it was dark.  The inside is tiny and seems not dirty, but not clean.  The gentleman taking our order was very nice.  He was interested in how we found out about them.  We ordered and then waited and waited and waited.  I guess it's good the owners kids were watching the disney channel so my kids didn't get antsy. After a good 25 minutes wait (at least we know it's freshly made) we got our food. The kids mini burritos were just that,  mini and the 8 year old wanted more food.  But I certainly wasn't going to order another and wait and wait.  I got a chicken taco that was boring,  I could have made it at home,  and a vampiro that was the best thing I ate here and it was just okay.  My husband had Carne asada tacos and was not impressed as the reviews that brought us here implied we would be.  We also ordered chips and salsa, which was the most disappointing part of the meal.  I'm pretty sure they were bagged chips (the broken bottom of the bag chips at that) and store bought salsa.  After the meal though was the worst.  My 4 year old daughter needed to use the restroom.   It was marked out of order, but one of the owners sons just came out.....and when a 4 year olds gotta go, well she's gotta go! Yuck! It was so dirty!  The floors were filthy and the toilet had a string hanging out where the handle should be to flush it. This is actually why I changed my original 3 star rating to 2.  Over all,  not impressed at all.  Actually quite disappointed. We won't be going back there again.
1	Order took over an hour to arrive and the food was cold and inedible. Ordered three tacos dorados and got their version - which is basically rolled tortillas with some meat inside. For this they bill you over 8 dollars. I could have made it so much better myself at home. Contacted the place to let them know and all I got was: "Our reviews are perfect" and other comments that contradicted my experience. They didn't listen and hardly allowed me to explain. They have no concept of proper Customer Service. I will never order from this place again and strongly advise anybody else from doing so. You will be VERY disappointed. Trust me on this.
5	I ordered the carne asada nachos and they were just incredible. I go their every chance I get and I would recommend it to anybody and everybody that wants to have a genuine Mexican meal.
1	Delivery time was quick. Unfortunately, I ordered the carne asada fries and the fries were almost raw. It was so disgusting. The chicken quesadilla was OK. The guacamole was lacking flavor. I will never order from them again.
