5	First, this is a review from the perspective of buying a formal dress for a special occasion NOT from a bride or bridal party experience.I wasn't even going to go here as I saw a few terrible Google Reviews of poor customer service for this location.  My daughter needed a formal gown that we were not able to find at Nordstroms, Belk, or Dillards. Our shopping time was on a Monday morning around 11:30am.We first went to J. Majors Bridal Boutique at 2400 Park Road.  As soon as the Sales clerk learned that we were not a bride or part of a bridal party, we were immediately left alone.  We then headed to NYBride at 4618 South Blvd and pretty much received the same treatment.  Both were rated highly by bride and bridal party so I believe that their Sales Associates were instructed to focus only on those customers as a revenue potential is much higher with that group than someone buying a special occasion dress.Since our experience with customer service have been pretty atrocious with both stores, I decided that why not go to David's Bridal.  We were pleasantly surprised while we were browsing the very well stocked store when 3 different Sale Associates approached us to offer their help.  Once we found dresses that my daughter wanted to try on, a Sales Associate named Shakira promptly escorted us to the dressing room.  Eventhough she was also helping 2 other customers, I was able to get her attention 4 different times to ask questions and get help from Alteration staff.  I felt that the service that I received was attentive and I would definitely go back here if I ever need a special occasion dress again.Thank you Shakira for your outstanding service while we were there!
5	Wedding dress shopping...BOOM!!!  Done.  Found my perfect dress on the first day of trying.  I felt super lucky.  I was so worried that I was going to be stressed out and overwhelmed with everything.  I wasn't really sure what kind of dress or color would look good on me.David's Bridal was a good choice for me to stop by.  Upon entering, I was quickly greeted by an employee.  I sat down at the desk and was asked for my information so they could put me in the system, and they quickly assigned me to a consultant, even though it was a random stop by and I had no appointment.  I really appreciated all the help.  I waited only five minutes for them to find me a consultant, and I was teamed up with Ashley.  She was such a sweetheart!!!  When I was looking through the dresses without her first, I just had no idea where to start.  Ashley was nice and helped me start out by finding what type of style I would like to look for so that she could help narrow down what I would actually like.  It was such a good suggestion!  She's such a great employee!  Great customer service here.  I never felt pressure of having to buy one of their dresses, only to find out what I would like to see on me, and the staff also suggested what I should look for when I browsed at other stores  (which I won't now since I'm perfectly happy with my dress).The store's atmosphere is great.  The dressing room walls are all lined with mirrors, so that was great!  I could see my dress from all angles.  Very important to see all the details of a wedding dress.  What I also thought was great was the store's ritual of when you have picked out your dress.  They made me ring a bell when I finally decided I had found my perfect dress.  Note, I also had to close my eyes and make a wish before ringing the bell as hard as I could.  It was so cute!I would recommend future brides to come to this store.  It was just perfect!  And they also have some good deals.  The staff was nice and told me that there are deals often, so I could check in from time to time.  I know that I'll have to bring my bridesmaids here to look for their outfits.  Can't wait to see the wonderful staff again!
4	This location has awful reviews on Google. Just awful... I was nervous going in but I received better service here than at the one across town by Northlake. David's normally doesn't carry anything in my size but the ladies here heard me out and understood that I had spoken to the bride and had gotten the okay to get a dress other than the one she had registered us for. I really appreciate that none of them suggested that I "eat more" or buy a dress that is too large and get it cut down - as though either of those are viable options. They took really good care of me, I was in & out in about half an hour. This includes trying the dress i wanted in the smallest size they had on hand (2) and having their alterations lady drop what she was doing and come pin me up to confirm that it was indeed too big. And I didn't have to fight traffic. Win.
5	I ordered a pair of shoes with a saleslady at this location.  She was super friendly and professional.  When I went pin to pick up the shoes another super friendly staff member was there to help me! I left feeling very happy and excited for my wedding.  I should have gone here and not Northlake to buy my dress! !!
5	I am a fan!I went in with one of my good friends from high school this past May. My wedding isn't until next year in September, but I at least wanted to try on different styles of dresses to see what looked best on me. The third one I tried on, I actually felt like a bride. I was glowing, and I felt beautiful. I really didn't want to have that bridal moment because it was just so early, I just wanted to try on different styles!!Surprisingly though, I called my Dad a few days after to ask him if he would escort me down the aisle. And then out of nowhere, he offered to pay for the dress that I loved. I almost started crying. It was so unexpected and it was one of the greatest things anyone has ever done for me.Of course, my matron of honor and I went back in 10 days later (same consultant: Ella. Love her!) and we bought the dress! Every time I think about it I get so happy. The first visit, I just told Ella to bring me a dress, any dress, that had a certain kind of style. It was supposed to be a test, but I loved it. Thank you Ella!!!I will definitely go back to shop for my bridesmaid dresses at this location. All of the staff are very nice, friendly, and they KNOW what brides want, and even something that the bride herself would never think of wearing. I highly recommend this location for another reason. Men's Wearhouse works alongside David's Bridal. For instance, the dresses for my bridesmaids are gonna be a Canary Yellow. Well, Men's Wearhouse can provide the tuxedos with the exact same color that David's Bridal has. I think that's unbeatable. Thank you David's Bridal!
5	It was my second time at David's Bridal. First, I went to David's Bridal Northlake Mall and I didn't have a good experience. I liked their dresses online, so I decided to give David's Bridal a second chance. David's Bridal Pineville-completely different experience! My consultant was a really sweet and helpful girl named Dionna. She brought all the dresses I liked online and helped me with everything! I found my wedding gown! Great!
2	Best way to put our experience there into words? Bipolar. We went for a prom dress. Poor customer service (other than the consultants who were great, that's why I rate 2 stars, one each for each consultant we worked with, the store itself and other staff get a zero), turning away people 40 min prior to close, guess they don't want to work one minute past 7pm = lost sales/revenue, restocking holds even after calling to say we were coming to get it prior to closing, 5 minute alterations taking over an hour (a brides bustle apparently trumped us, we learned this later, we were willing to pick up the dress another day but were asked to wait). Here's our experience if you care for details...visit one, Saturday morning...we walked in and saw prom/bridesmaid etc. to our left and migrated towards the dresses. Okay, yes, the was a little podium to our right with a woman standing there, but didn't think anything of it (assumption was made, that she is there for women with bridal fitting appointments). She didn't say a word to us. We perused the dresses, pulled some, even asked someone at the sales counter if a certain dress was available in another size somewhere (was told what was out was what they had and that was fine). Still, no one mentioned to us that in order to try on the dresses, we needed a junior consultant working with us (everyone is apparently supposed to check in with the lady at the podium). They had 2 opportunities to assist us with the process and ignored us. Anyway, we go "sign in", the lady at the podium barks over the intercom for a consultant and my daughter is taken to a fitting room. I will say this, the stylist/consultant was very nice and very kind. We put 2 dresses on hold, since this was the first store we visited and headed to some other stores to shop. When it became clear, around 5pm that the dress she wanted was one of the ones at David's, I called to let them know we were coming for it and not to restock it. They said great and we headed back in that direction. When we got there at 5:30, the dress had been restocked. They couldn't find it in the "on holds area" WTH? I didn't complain, just glad it was still THERE, albeit on the regular sales rack. My daughter tried it on again and we noted the hook and eye closure was broken and there was a seem pull on the back as well. Again I will say, the consultant this round was very nice and kind as well, just as much as the first, even helping my daughter find matching shoes etc. and getting the minor alterations done on the spot. Or so we thought. Here's where I need to complain. The alteration lady took the dress to the back, and after about 20 min, we inquired what was taking so long. Our consultant was kind enough to go check for us and came back and said she was currently working on it, We had dinner plans, it was after 6 at this point so we said we could come back for it. The consultant seemed miffed at that and asked us the wait, since the alterations were being done, right then, and the alteration lady was taking the time to do it immediately and putting other things aside for us. We felt bad, and stuck around. BAD idea. At 6:20, still waiting, a prom girl comes in and tries to check in with the podium and is TURNED AWAY, the woman there tells her that since they close at 7pm, she won't have time to try on dresses. WTH again?! There is 40 minutes left to pick and try on dresses! Our visit that morning was only 40 minutes? Lost sale opportunity. We witnessed this again 10 min later, this time with a bride and her bridesmaid seeking bridesmaids dresses. At 6:45, we were done...late for dinner, it had been an hour, when finally, the alterations woman comes out. She was apologetic at least, telling us a bride's bustle had to jump in front of us. Another WTH moment! We were fine picking it up another day but were told she was working on it and asked to wait. A very frustrating moment indeed. Someone should have come and told us that, we would have left and come back. Overall, their consultants, who I'm sure work on commission, were motivated, friendly and helpful. The other staff were horrible! What's also bad for this location is I am a bride and haven't begun my dress search but perused a little while I was there, even mentioned I was a bride, totally went on deaf ears. Another lost sale opportunity. We will never shop here again.
4	I had originally made an appointment at the David's Bridal at NorthLake; however, after reading the negative reviews, I called this one located on Centrum Parkway and made an appointment. There was a bit of confusion about my appointment; the gentleman working the desk did not have me on the schedule even though I had just called and spoke with him the day before. He did work me in, though. (This was early on a Wednesday afternoon.) Sam was my consultant and she was lovely! She was helping another bride at the same time as me and boy did she work that floor like a pro! The longer I was there and the more dresses I tried on, the quicker Sam started to analyze and determine what my personal style was and what dresses were and weren't working for me. Within an hour and a half, I found my wedding dress and I bought it right off the rack. It feels great to have taken care of such a huge task so easily! David's Bridal is definitely worth a try! My consultant, Sam, made it such a worthwhile experience.
1	Buyers beware! I wouldn't even give this place a rating if I didn't have to! Long story short, they don't have a return policy even if they send you directive items!!! I had to fight for days to get them to take back a pair of shoes I had to order from another location because the only pair they had were dirty with nasty feet prints. The so called manager made me feel like I was wasting her time the THREE times I came in to return the defective shoes. (They had rhinestones missing) She gave me the worst run around telling me I can only make an exchange. She had absolutely no compassion for me and wanting a pair of beautiful wedding shoes. She offered to fix the shoes by gluing some random stones on with some silver glitter.....it looked like trash. Finally after about a week of going back and fourth, the store manager at the Columbia SC location authorized a return at Pineville. I really had high hopes for this place but I will not be getting my 8 bridesmaid dresses here. They lost out big time with me. Maybe next time they should check their merchandise better before they let a brides hopes down.
5	Today 6/2/14 I made a appointment to get fitted for a bridesmaid dress. The minute I walked in the staff was super nice. Samantha G. helped me find the exact dress I needed!!
5	After a disappointing visit at David's Bridal , Nothlake ,I had started looking at other bridal shops in town. Then I ran into a friend who recommended "Sam" at the Centrum Parkway store in Pineville. I gave it one more try and Samantha was the reason my visit went well. I am not a first time bride but she treated me as if I was !She made me feel special and beautiful . She quickly had a sense of the type of dress I liked  and found the perfect dress. I never felt rushed , or that she was getting frustrated helping me. Her assistant in training Betsy was also very sweet and helpful. It is so nice to have this completed now. It was a joy working with the staff, the manager and Norma from alterations. They were all very warm and sincere..I called a friend who is getting married next summer and recommended Samantha to her.Thank you for a positive experience.
5	This is the second review I have done for this store and for this sales associate, Samantha.  I purchased my dress the first of the month and after looking at other headpieces on line decided I wanted to swap out what I had gotten. I went in today , not sure what to expect but Samantha was there and was just as gracious and courteous as during my initial purchase. I explained my situation and she immediately spent time with me finding  veil more to my liking. The one I picked was slightly less than the original and she was just  concerned for my happiness with the veil. Again, If you are looking for a wedding dress, request Samantha, you will not be disappointed. This review was not solicited in any way from the store or from Samantha.
1	On my first appointment to buy my wedding dress and to find dresses for my 7 bridesmaids the attention was great and i was in love with the dresses. They promised so many things and made the whole situation sound great. Once my dress arrived and i went to pick it up the staff at the door was rude and they wanted me to sign the paper to pick up my dress without me looking at it first. Once i told them that i wasn't going to sign anything without inspecting my dress first, the women at the front was still rude. Another lady came up to me and told me to pick up my dress and to follow her to the back. Which i was agrevated already for their attitude. Once in the back i was already shaking and very close to cry for this experience. I open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed. My dress was really wrinkle and non of their staff helped me to put on my dress to makr sure it fitted. This was the worst experienced ever and to realize that i brought them bussiness. My dress was very expensive and on top of that i have all 7 bridesmaids bying their dress with them. I will not recommend David's Bridal store in Pineville. Their corporate should train their personnel and increase  their customer service. And of course the person that sold me dress didn't work there anymore.....
4	Try to get Ashley, she's the most helpful and sweet out of everyone in this store! Other associates are rude!
5	I went with my best friend to look for her wedding dress! We had an amazing time. We were greeted by Kiarra, who was upbeat and friendly. Liz was our stylist and she was a perfect fit for us! She knew exactly what to pull and found the dress within four dresses! She made a happy moment even more enjoyable!! Will recommend her to everyone I know that is getting married or needs a dress.
