5	Bedlam Theater is a cool little venue housed in a creepy Neo-Gothic church. Home to some of the most innovative theater you'll see in Edinburgh, the seating is intimate and cozy.The theater also has a little cafe with a laid back student vibe where you can grab a tea, beer, or bite to eat without getting ripped off. Bonus, the cafe has free wireless.Hip Grassmarket location close to pubs, bars and the ambient Greyfriar's Kirkyard. This is a not to miss venue if you love theater.
5	Edinburgh is well known for its theatres, and having seen shows at many of them, i can say that the Bedlam Theatre is my favourate.In an old gothic church, Bedlam Theatre isnt the biggest, nor is it the place where the big shows go to. But it is the best place to see raw talent and bloody good shows - mostly put on by students of the close by university or small theatre groups doing productions of thier own device.Mostly staged in the round, the Bedlam Theatre houses only enough room for 50 customers max at a time, but this is to its benifit as a real sense of being in the action and transfixed by what is going on is always felt. The actors who perform are, in every show I have been to see, hugely talanted and passionate about thier arts - a testiment to both them and the booking team who select the shows at Bedlam. The last production I saw here was Alice in Wonderland, and the effect of being so close to the cast and feeling part of what they were doing was simple sublime.The theatre itself is slightly in need of a decorater, but once you get passed that and into the acting, you will be hooked forever.
4	Bedlam Theatre is the first student-run theatre in the country. Located in a renovated church, a venue which feels appropriate for an Edinburgh based student community,holds various production throughout the year.  From the actors, to the techies, to the production and cleaning , everything in Bedlam are organised and run by students. Some plays are better than others of course, but it provides a good opportunity to discover new talent at very affordable prices- plus everything goes back to running this place anyway. A good weekly standard as Sam mentioned are the Improverts. On Friday nights you may see the ques for this improvised comedy sketch, which even hails good reviews from the Fringe people. The venue is quite small so if there is something you really want to see call and reserve spaces in advance. The fat cat cafe is also a cool place to hang out and chill, and take note of the various workshops that run here especially at the beginning of term. There's always something artsy to get yourself involved in that doesn't necessarily involve the limelight.
4	The Bedlam Theatre is a fairly miniature, but perfectly formed arts venue in prominent position in the Grassmarket/Old Town. The theatre hosts student performances and Edinburgh University events, and is the base for the Edinburgh University Theatre Company, but it's also a popular Fringe venue throughout August, which is when I was there last seeking entertainment. The theatre is totally run by students, and holds the striking premises of a former church. There are student performances all year round, so it's worth heading along to see something, whether you attend one of the smaller lunch time performances, or head there in the evening for one of the longer term productions.
4	The greatest charm about Bedlam Theatre is that you never really know what it is that you are going to get when you go there to see a performance (even knowing what performance is on doesn't quite tell you what you are in for).  All the plays are put on by students (mostly those doing performing arts degrees, but I'm sure there are some exceptions) and many of them involve at least some degree of improvisation.  Some of the visitors from abroad may not quite get all the jokes on offer, but for all it is well worth a visit and does make for a good night out.Not only is it reasonably priced, but this is the grass roots of theatre - real theatre.  It has all the charms of a street theatre interwoven will all the atmosphere of a theatre of fixed abode - a winner all round.I still remember my first visit here, to see the Improverts, and it was genuinely funny.  Beyond saying it will be a good laugh and night out I cannot recommend it more highly.
5	The Bedlam is another beautiful fringe venue. Bedlam means uproar and confusion it derives from the name of an old lunatic asylum in london. I think its a genius name for a theare...as thats what you should experience at the theatre I think..uproar and confusion!!!
4	This is a very Fringe-like theatre. I have learnt from reading Anna F's review that is a student-run theatre, and it makes sense. The show I saw here was an all-female production of Titus Andronicus. Bloody (with red paint used to show the blood, and paintbrushes used as weapons), bare and basic. The set was simply painting sheets. A small cast played several characters with the swap of a scarf for a coat.The building has a very small reception area, a very slow running card machine, nd the theatre is a raw space. It felt like it was still in rehearsals. A modern theatre, but in a beautiful old-fashioned building.It's not comfortable or the type of theatre you'd get popcorn at. It's Fringe incarnate, and for that I enjoyed it.
