4	Been to the old location once and the new location twice so far, and as of June 2013 brows are $12. The new location is nice -- easy to find, more open space with multiple chairs, waiting area with magazines/tv, and plenty of parking.On both visits to the new location (noonish and 5ish on a Wednesday and Thursday) there was one threadist. I didn't catch her name, but I went the first time bc the Brow Boutique was conveniently nearby. She did a great job tidying up my brows and now I'm happy to be a returning customer here.The longer hours and walk-in policy seem to work well, at least at the times I went. There were 1-2 people before and after me both times, but the wait wasn't long -- you sign in when you arrive and that's the order you're called.Also I've been offered anything from toner to baby powder after threading at different places. They use aloe here.
5	I have very little brow but somehow Ashu gave me an arch!  The process wasn't very painful at all and super quick!  She was very friendly and knowledgeable.  I am so happy that I went.  I will definitely be back.
5	I had never had my brows done before and a friend who loves having hers threaded was  in town, so I gave it a try. It was amazing. The space is clean, modern, chic. The stylist made me feel comfortable and worked quickly (brows and lip in under 20 mins). The results were great and I am hooked. It was very inexpensive, and they do walk ins only (we waited maybe 3 mins). Awesome.
1	Just went in to get my eyebrows cleaned up and she took off half of my eyebrows! They're pencil thin and have no arch to them and she even made me bleed!It didn't really set in until after I'd left because I was in shock. I've always avoided getting my brows done because I was afraid that exactly this would happen. I was going to go get my hair cut after but I'm so self conscious of my face right now, I want to cry! I'll never be going back
5	Found this adorable chic brow bar....love it!!! For $12 you walk out with perfectly manicured brows!  Love the edgy interiors and friendly staff!
5	This place is amazing. I stumbled upon it while visiting family in Madison and had to come back the next time I was in town. I live in Washington, DC, where there are threading places everywhere. I've never had a quicker or more painless experience. The women are so professional and knowledgeable -- and for the first time in my life, i I was able to walk out with my upper lip and eyebrows threaded and I didn't have tears and mascara running down my face. I usually have to use a major numbing cream and I didn't use any when I was there. Highly, highly recommend The Brow Boutique -- I won't miss going here every time I am in Madison. Thanks ladies! Now move to DC:)
4	Had my brows and lip done! The facility is super clean and chic, and all yeh staff was friendly, it's convenient location across from West Towne is hard to beat!! The threading was So quick, even faster than a wax! Anastasia did a great job and was so friendly and made me feel super comfortable.  The threading on the lip was a bit painful, but it was so quick and my results were great that it certainly was worth it!  For $20 and less than 10 mins, I'll definitely be back!
4	I go here regularly to get my eyebrows and upper lip threaded. The ladies here do a wonderful job and I've never had to wait to be threaded. I wish they had a punch card for a free eyebrow threading every few sessions.
3	Had been going to Ashu before, but my experience this time has been OKAY. Place - well done etc. Cost - expensive compared to big cities like Chicago, NYC; but then again this is Madison with no other option, so it is not too bad (and I guess I'm not the target audience, student! )The main thing, eyebrows - I have been getting my eyebrow threading done for the past 15 years, the problem I had here was that cleaning below the eyebrows has been shoddy! It has been 3 days since I got threading done and I can see that it is not clean. I also feel that shape wise, I had to mention that this is not even etc.. I would expect better service for the amount paid. I will give them another chance though, as I know Ashu is really good - perhaps the employee was new and needed some more training.
5	I found this place simply by driving by. I usually get my eyebrows waxed but decided to try threading. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was relatively painless compared to waxing, although it took a little longer to finish.I was impressed with how fast the service was (I didn't have an appointment, just walked in with a few others ahead of me) and how cheap it was. Results lasted as long as my previous waxing experiences.Cute interior design inside the boutique.
5	I was driving down Odana and just looked over to see the brow boutique.  I have been there about 3 times and they do a great job! I love the clean, chic look of the place. Before, I went to west towne mall for threading. They did a good job on my brows as well, BUT, there was usually a long wait as they only had 1 threader, and the experience of shoppers walking by, some actually stopping to stare and watch me being worked on was a little uncomfortable.  It is a personal service and being right by the food court and noise and stares is not the greatest.  The brow boutique is quiet and just a more overall pleasant experience.
4	Decent eyebrow threading service. Very nice people.
5	I haven't had a bad experience with them at all! Everytime I go, it's been spectacular. I make sure to say "keep my eyebrows as thick as possible" and reiterate that I only want them "cleaned up". It never fails! Pretty little place, not too bad cost wise. I'll be back for sure!
5	Wonderful service and a great place! Very happy to have found this gem of a place in Madison.
5	This is an excellent clean and professional establishment. The staff are kind, gentle, and provide quality results. I lived in England for 4 years and high quality threading is very common there because of the history of South Asian immigrants. As someone who has thick dark hair, threading became a lifesaver for me as waxing would always break my hair and grow back quickly. This is the best comparable threading place I have found in the USA. Great prices!
