5	We are a 100% volunteer, 501 3 C, nonprofit organization established in Las Vegas, NV.We take donated scrap wood, make toys and give them away to children of all ages in need of a smile! (Oldest child so far is 86)Come to the Toy Factory and help us make toys, which in turn create smiles. 168,000 so far!Our dream is that every child that gets a toy, will no longer be able to say nobody cares about them!From the group that donated wood, the many people involved in making the toy, to the person giving it away, they all cared!Feel free to send time, talents or treasures our way!Stop by and say hi! :- )
5	I have been only volunteering at Toys 4 Smiles for a few weeks now but I can definitely say this is a great group of individuals that are donating a lot of time and energy to do something simple yet profound, make children happy. In a society full of high-speed entertainment (internet, cell phones and video games) fueled by a "I want it yesterday" mentality, it is refreshing to see something like Toys 4 Smiles. These toys are very simple, yet very high quality. It is rare in this day and age that a child will receive a toy that not only was HANDMADE for them but also requires them to use their imaginations. The way I think of it is that maybe some of these kids getting theses toys don't have a lot of people in their lives that make them seem "worth it." Well, I am hoping that some of these kids will get these toys and understand that a stranger took the time to make them by hand and that a stranger CARES. They are worthy of it and deserve it. It's a simple thing but if that message reaches some children that message could possibly affect a life. I encourage anyone looking to donate some time (doesn't matter how much) to give them a call and head on in and help make some toys!
5	There are just not enough words to describe how awesome this charity is.   If you have some time to go work in the toy factory, you should check out their website and do it.  It gives you the full experience to see what it feels like to be one of Santa's helpers!   I love the cars and so do the kids.  This is what it is all about, giving back to the community and no one does it better than Toys 4 Smiles.
5	Toys4Smiles is probably my favorite local non-profit. They're always friendly, and the work they do is important and fun.
5	I ran into this wonderful non profit at a military family event and they're amazing.  They make wooden toys and just give them away! Beautiful people!
5	Was looking to do volunteer service and Toys 4 Smiles quickly responded. I would not regret it, there was lots of fun making toys for kids. Staff and volunteers are great people, and making things from wood was an amazing time.
