4	I have to say that, for such a small city, Edinburgh certainly has more than it's fair share of asian food stores. That said, Bismillah definitely ranks among the best.It's a tiny little place, next door to 2 or 3 identical looking asian food stores, but you can get hold of even the most obscure ingredient you'll ever need for cooking. For example, I was cooking south american food a few weeks ago, and needed yellow powdered food colouring. I tried all the obvious, bigger name shops, trudged up to Princes Street to see if the food halls in the big department stores might have it, tried the local deli, but in the end it was good old Bismillah that saved the day.It's never going to be the chattiest of places you'll ever buy from, and you will get stared at when you first walk in (especially if, like me, you're an idiot and go in wearing a denim miniskirt) but this place is a real gem. You could probably do your entire weekly food shop in here too, as they have a separate room to the back of the shop which houses their halal butcher's counter.If you haven't stuck your head in here already, you definitely should soon.
3	I have to agree with Fiona, There seems to be an overabundance of Asian food stores.Bismillah and it's neighbouring stores of similar style are my point of reference for dried herbs at an affordable prices. As I like to cook a lot of Mediterranean dishes I usually find here the one vital ingredient the local Tescos cannot provide(ie vine leaves). The vegetable and fruits are variable although the majority of times, having been disappointing, with fruit being over ripe and vegetables tasteless. Great place though if you need to pick up one or two things and can't face the bigger chains.
3	Bismillah is one of three Middle Eastern/Indian food shops in Nicholson Square. As has been previously suggested, come here for that special ingredient you can't find elsewhere. It's right around the corner from the local tesco, but here you can find  those spices you just can't find anywhere else!Bismillah also sells fairly standard Asian cooking basics. It also sells a range of halal meats. I perhaps avoid trying too much of a big shop here, their range of fruit and veg wasn't incredible but adequate. Get your basics elsewhere but come here for anything else.Given its location, its a handy student shop (if you're feeling like cooking something more exciting, why not give this place a try) and as its near some other Asian food shops as well as deli, vising Bismillah can be part of your wider grocery roaming experience.A big store selling basic Asian staples, groceries as well as some speciality ingredients and halal meats.
3	Bismillah Food Store is a great little Asian food store in the centre of Edinburgh, just off of busy Nicolson Street and around the corner from the University. It is an Asian, Arabic and African food store and is a great place to pop into to buy foreign ingredients. There is always an impressive and very tempting selection of fruit and veg sitting outside the shop, but sometimes some of the fruits look a bit withered such as the bananas. Bismillah specialises in halal meats such as lamb, chicken and beef which are always very fresh. They sell lots of fresh herbs and spices, as well as other ingredients which would be difficult to find in a supermarket such as lime leaves.  I like to cook a lot of Asian style meals so Bismillah is a great place to buy the ingredients for the dishes. The staff in the Bismillah Food Store aren't always the chattiest, but they are very knowledgeable about what they sell and are helpful in assisting you with what you are looking for.
4	Bismillah Food Store is a great place to find Halal meat, a whole range of herbs and spice and many other Asian ingredients.  I came in for a can of Coke on a roasting hot day about a month ago and it cost about 70p!  This obviously isn't the place to find your standard daily supplies, but if you need special ingredients then it's excellent.The service isn't exactly lively, yet it feels like they have a communal atmosphere made up of regular customers.  The staff know just about everything about all their produce, including where it's all sourced and how it's made.  Bismillah is a great place to find unique ingredients with decent service.
