5	We love everything about Double D's!  Saving a ton of money on better cigarettes while patronizing a local business, instead of supporting a big evil corporation! It's a no brainer. Also it's a laid back place and the staff rocks. They are so friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone who smokes.
5	Love this place!! Been going here almost 2 years now!! Great service, tobacco, and atmosphere!! Can't beat the prices!!! Highly recommend giving this place a try...once you do, you'll never go anywhere else for your cigarettes!!!
5	I like this place, but I moved to Los Angeles now, and I was trying to find out the name of the tobacco I used here, so I could try and find it in Los Angeles. Los Angeles has RYO shops to but I got a carton from one of them and they are making me cough, and throat itch, basically making me sick. But I have smoked cartons from this shop and never got sick, so the other place in LA must be selling bad tobacco, I was going to get the name of the tobacco I get from here, and find it here in LA but there number doesn't work when I call it. Anyone know how to get in contact with them? They told me they don't have one in LA, but I could call in to order some but IDK how when there number doesn't work. If someone knows a working number to this place send me a message. PLZ thanks. THey let you smoke in the shop and try out cigs before you buy cartons and they usually let you get a drink for free when you go in there which is pretty cool. I like this place, they should open one in Los Angeles.
1	Very untrustworthy company do NOT trust them! I noticed on their Facebook they sold DNA 30 Hana Modz. I called the store to ask if the mods were authentic or clones because of the price they were selling them at they were very cheap I was reinsured they were authentic. I run up to the store very excited and I talked to them for about 10 minutes asking them again multiple times if they're clones or authentic and each time I'm told they are authentic and they get them so cheap because they buy them in bulk so in my blinded excitement I go ahead and purchase one and take it home and that's when the fun started. I eagerly pull my new mod out of the box and realize the writing the logo the material it's made out of is all wrong I unscrew the back to pop in the battery and noticed glue all over the back of it as in the inside I noticed the battery compartment is completely wrong and I also noticed there are no hana modz seals on the inside like they're supposed to be. i box a backup running back up to them step inside the gentleman working at the counter says clone right? I say yes ans I explain why I know its a clone as well as his show him pictures of the inside of an authentic one he looks down refuses to speak to me refuses to look at me hand me my money back and doesn't even say sorry. I feel sorry for the person who doesn't know a lot about vaping who gets taken advantage offrom these thieves
1	10/19/2014 I was messaged here on yelp by someone claiming to work for this company.... I was asked if I would please edit my review to a 5 star and to change my story for a free bottle of ejuice.... WOW this place just gets worse and worse that's so pathetic.
1	This place sells nothing but clones (and that's fine)  but they try and pass of their clones for authentic. That's a major no no you people need to be shut down!
