5	This is my favorite flower shop in Las Vegas they do amazing work and have a diffrent style compared to others. The price is very reasnoble and you can get creative. I know where im coming for my wedding flowers! A+
4	I don't like to order flowers over the phone and have them delivered impersonally, not knowing if the flowers will arrive fresh.  I prefer to go to a family-owned flower shop like Desert Rose Florist and pick them up personally.  At Desert Rose Florist, I enjoy being surrounded by the beauty of the flowers and the variety of exotic arrangements.  I buy flowers here for my girlfriend and for my girlfriend's mother. I personally choose the arrangements, and I am happy to say that they are always fresh, beautiful, and fragrant. The women in my life are worth it, and they have also been very happy with the flower arrangements and their freshness.
5	Family Owned Florist with an eye for the Exciting.The floral designers at Desert Rose Florist are really creative and thoughtful.  Walk in with a general idea of what you want, and a budget and walk out with something unique and inspired.  I was recently inquring about getting Plumerias and Puti Tai Nobia's here in Las Vegas.  These are both indigenous to Hawaii and Guam, and very rare elsewhere.  Thalia got back to me within a day, and after an extensive search, found a few options for me.  Even though it didn't work out, the customer service was magnificent.The moment you walk into this shop, you're hit with a wall of gorgeous floral scents which match the neat, well-organized shop.  Everytime I come here, I leave learning more and more about flowers.  Don't miss a chance to gift something one of a kind and amazing.
5	If I could give this place a 10 I would...simply outstanding! Customer service and all...
5	I come here all the time for all my planning services and desert rose florist always does an amazing job! They're always willing to bend over backwards for you definitely recommend this place!
3	Went in on a Friday, the place is set up nicely. I wanted to get my best friend a surprise bouquet for her birthday Monday morning. The minimum to be delivered is $50 plus a $10 delivery fee plus tax, and it would be delivered by 12 noon Monday. I was fine with that, I picked out a color scheme and overall design of the bouquet which I liked.Monday rolls around, I expect a call or text from my friend, it's already 12:28, no call or text so I call the florist, says their delivery guy is running late. I was a little bummed out considering they would ensure it would be delivered by noon, and paying a delivery fee I expect it to be delivered by noon, so now I have to have my friend's husband stall her into staying home for her surprise flowers a little bit longer when it should have been delivered between 9am-12pm. She finally got her flowers at 12:50. Other then being a bit pricey and late on the delivery my friend really enjoyed her flowers.
1	I would never order from here again.  WHERE'S THE SERVICE??? I placed an order for an $80 arrangement to be delivered for my mother's birthday. It's celebrating THE DAY, not the evening.... I paid $20.00 for a delivery fee and after I called the shop at 2:15pm to find out where the flowers were, the shop lady said that they didn't have the rose colors available, and they  were finishing the arrangement now. And that when the delivery guy returned, they would send it out.  She said it was my fault for not requesting a morning delivery.. REALLY? She said most arrangements went out in the afternoon anyway, REALLY???  for delivery after 4:30pm HUH?????.  So if you want your arrangement delivered to an office, it will be there around 4:30pm or perhaps after they go home, since they deliver until 6pm.  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT with no remedy of the situation other than next time I should specify the time frame I wanted it delivered.   THIS IS VEGAS PEOPLE, WHERE SERVICE COUNTS.  I would have paid $50.00 for delivery if I knew it would be delivered on time and look great.  Instead, I paid over $100 and my mother will get her flowers sometime after 330pm when the delivery guy shows up....  GEE THANKS DESERT ROSE.... Great Family Florist you are...
5	Best florist in town. Hands down. Kudos!!!
5	So I guess its been a while since I stepped foot into a florist because I was amazed at what I have found.  How many of us just order over the phone and have them deliver the arrangement and you never know what it even looked like right?  I ordered over the phone with intention on picking it up myself and saving myself the $10 delivery charge and I'm sure glad I did.  What ever happened to the country-bumpkin florists with everything roses and carnations???  Haha  I'm sure they are still out there but not this spot!  If this is how the florists roll nowadays then I must say we've come a long way baby. This place is full of unique, exotic and modern delights.  Actual things that you want to keep watered and last a while enjoying them in your home/office.  When I ordered over the phone Kara just asked me what I was looking for and she did the rest.  Basically it was "from a man to a man" for sympathy of his wife passing.  So it was masculine, vibrant, modern and gorgeous!  When I went to pick it up I was so impressed.  *See picture.  I think I would rather know what I was ordering if it was from me but since it wasn't I just let her do the work and design.  Seeing how it turned out I would say I would definitely trust Kara's judgement because she is great at what she does!  Next time I order it will for sure be from here.  Ask for Kara.  You won't be disappointed!  Thanks Kara!
5	Me and boyfriend came in looking for flowers for his mom and they worked with us on style and budget
4	I dropped in, rushing to the hospital to meet my friends new baby girl. Nothing in the cooler caught my eye so they made me s custom arrangement in 15 minutes. Awesome.
5	One of my favorite florists in town. Located in Boca Park, Desert Rose truly has the art of flowery arrangements down pact. their flowers also last for so long. I'm currently buying their peonies from Holland, and they are beyond gorgeous. They have more then just floats here too.. from candles, to home decor this is your one stop shop to make your home look and smell beautiful.
5	I ordered flowers for delivery. I don't live in state so these things are always a leap of faith. I can say that the arrangement I ordered was reasonably priced, delivery was on time and in looking at the photos from the person receiving it, Desert Rose chose beautiful colors and gave me full value if not more. They did a fabulous job. I was highly satisfied with this experience. Delivery price was very reasonable as well, but the location was 12 minutes away so this might not apply to everyone. I placed the order on their website and that went smoothly. I then followed up with a phone call question and that went smoothly. They seemed like good caring people.  Happiness all around. Highly recommended!
5	Flowers arrangements are phenomenal. Prices are fair. Customer service is key. They value your opinion and really help guide to your like. My flowers died probably because of our fault, they replaced what died three days later! I'm forever a customer!
