4	While my husband was unemployed, we decided to head to a bar for an early morning beverage.  Actually, it's not as bad as it sounds.  Our friend Dave, formerly a bartender at Newman's downtown, works at this bar from 6 to 10 AM.  So we decided to check it out while we both had a morning free.We headed to 59th and Missouri because we knew that it was near that intersection.  Dave and I had a few chats because one of my funeral homes was across the street from a trailer park, and these people were also frequent customers of his bar.  However, we couldn't remember the name of the bar.  But, all of Larry's (the owner) bars exude a bit of seediness (Garnett's Rite Inn, Newman's) so it wasn't hard to figure out.From the outside, it looks like a typical dive bar: plain brick building, aging sign, no windows.  We drove around the back and saw that the door was open, so we parked back there instead of out front.  Before our eyes even had a chance to adjust to the darkness we heard "What the hell are you guys doing here?"  Ah, Dave and his demeanor.  I miss that East Coast smartassitude.Once our eyes did adjust, I was pleasantly surprised by our surroundings. This place is fairly big for a dive bar with multiple pool tables and a rather long bar.  We weren't there long enough for me to check out the bathrooms though.  Sorry, if I was thinking about Yelping while I was there, I would have.  But the rest of the bar seemed pretty clean and not scary.The husband and I ordered a cup of coffee and chatted with Dave about the idiosyncrasies of this bar.  Apparently the building is big enough that they are going to build a smoking room on the north side of the building.  And, they just got a fancy new contraption that makes Guiness cans taste like Guiness draught.  It was interesting enough during the day that we are considering a trip over to the west side for an evening.  We're thinking the Friday after the first of the month will bring out all of the locals, then we'll get to see this bar in all of it's diveyness.
4	This is a dive I don't mind stumbling into. Behind the run-down exterior is a dark, smoky room full of NASCAR ads and drink specials. $2.50 Coors and Coors Light bottles at all times...in fact, I think every domestic bottle is. My co-worker and I got some rum and cokes ($2.75) and they knocked us off our feet. With only a shot left in her bottle, the bartender approached me mid-drink and said "Well I can't waste this..." I like their style. There were some bottles of less popular liquors on sale, including a liter of Lunazul Blanco for $10. That's probably a steal, but honestly, do you think I can be trusted with that much tequila?No ATM, cash only. Snacks are limited. This bar defines "dive".
