1	Formerly known as Morrissey's, we used to love coming here for the quiet atmosphere, awesome food, and friendly staff.  This past Friday, my wife, myself, and my father decided to check out the new setup.  Upon first walking in, you will see that the dining area is gone and now that entire room has one pool table and a shuffle board.  Very sad, isolated room that would not be fun to play pool or shuffle board in.  We decided then to walk into the bar area.  There were a few patrons at the bar and at various seats around the bar area eating.  We sat ourselves close to the bar at one of the taller tables.  15 minutes go by, have not been greeted by a server, the bartender has made eye contact many times by this point but has not acknowledged that we were there.  VERY disappointed in the transformation to Sean Patrick's and the service we received, ESPECIALLY since it had only been open for 3 days !!!!!  WILL NOT BE COMING BACK.  Buffalo wild wings is right around the corner and they will continue to get all of our money.
3	P T took over this small chain of bars. They took out the dining rooms making them not available to families any longer . Took out the original menu and the Morrisey Melt which was my favorite and replaced the menu with standard PT's food.  I did have the Club wrap which was quite good. Football was on TV but the satellite feed kept going out . Bartender Joe was personable and there with a refill when requested . Kind of just another PT's now.
4	Looks good inside and food was good.  If you PT's menu you will love this place!The sever was cute  and was right on top of every thing!
4	If anyone was going to be upset that this was no longer Morrisseys it was going to be me; I was up here often; I'm a creature of habit, and I don't normally do well with change. So when I walked in soon after the grand opening of 'Sean Patricks' I was sad that the dining area had become a "pool hall" which includes a pool table, shuffle board and tables with a couple big screen TV's (horrible right)  the bar area lost some of the irish decor and I saw a couple new bartenders- that was it,  I immediately decided I wasn't going to like it up here anymore and that my favorite spot was a thing of the past- Until..... I gave it a chance and boy am I pleasantly surprised by the new changes. Let's start with Happy Hour, yes people happy hour, a real half off entire bar (no matter what you're drinking) happy hour from 5-7 which includes some food items which btw ok the menu does have typical PT's items on it but it also has the irish food that was once offered on the Morrisseys menu. The environment is no different than it was before except its more upbeat with patrons who are happy to be happy during happy hour or even off happy hour who are happy that sucker comes full circle at midnight until 2am Your right, the dining room is gone which doesn't allow families to eat there anymore but it did become a full adult bar that you can shoot some pool with your friends and enjoy happy hour.The food is good, the rueben is outstanding.  The bartenders are happy and upbeat and the cocktail waitresses are friendly as well. Over all the new location isn't exactly the PT's owned you think it is. It's a bought out Morrisseys now called Sean Patricks that got a little nip and tuck, something I think you too will find as a pleasant surprise! Tv's are on sports all the time;music isn't too loud; ambiance is kicked back or elevated depending on the energy you bring; I gave it 4 stars that extra star is  for  happy hour!
5	Not sure why someone would give a restaurant a bad review because it literally is not like the restaurant it replaced. Great Guinness braised corned beef!!!!
5	This place has a nice feel like your in your own living room touch. You can sit on the couch in front of the fireplace, watch TV, and eat your food right on the coffee table in front of you. The menu has a huge variety of choices, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The breakfast is served 24hrs a day, with specials to choose from. You are greeted as soon as you walk through the door by Rachel, she makes you think and feel like you just showed up to her house with a warm family welcome. She makes Johnny on the Spot seem slow.. She never let our glasses run close to being dry. Sat down next to us and told us about the specials and what her favorite items were on the menu. Awesome attitude.. Made you feel like you where a VIP and they are happy to see you like old friends. The food was fresh.. Tasted right off the grill.. Seasoned just right.. And the portions would make a hungry man proud and ready for a nap afterwards! Highly recommended if you are or not on a budget. Prices are very decent for the working person not looking to spend a fortune for a good meal.
5	What an awesome place this is! You can actually sit in front of the fireplace on the couch while watching tv..and have your breakfast lunch or dinner. It's just like being at home. . You are greeted as you walk through the door by Rachel as if she's known you forever. She never let our glasses get dry and took the time to tell us about specials and what was good to order. She really makes you feel like long lost friend and a VIP. You can tell she really enjoys her job. Their food was fresh and you can tell it came right off the grill. And the portions would make a hungry man happy and ready for a nap afterwards! Definitely right up there next to home cooking.  Being a working man..I really appreciated the fact it didn't cost me a fortune to dine there. Their prices are definitely decent. Highly recommend this place. .well worth it to have great service.. great food. .great prices.
