4	This cute little shop is located in the Meadows Mall. I rarely go to The Meadows, not sure why. But since this place is there now I will probably be going more often.It is a small shop located next to the Macy's on the first floor of the mall. However, it has a charming layout and is very inviting to the eye. The bright colors of the clothing and the fact that it is retro/pinup clothing makes you just want to browse the racks and touch everything.The clothes are very, very cute, but I am into pinup/rockabilly clothes. Not really for normal everyday wear, but when I dress up I really like to get a wiggle dress or a swing dress. Plus I love shoes that look like they're from the 1940s.If you're a person who does a lot of your shopping online looking for 1940s-esque clothes you should try coming down here! I do a lot of my shopping online as well, but at this place you can actually see the clothes and try them on before you purchase.The owner also posts what they get in new every week on Facebook. So you can friend them and then just wait to see what arrives and go down when you see something you want! Very nice store, very cute clothes, I like!
5	I had so much fun trying on several dresses, Amy was so helpful. I couldn't resist but to a buy a dress. By the way I got so many compliments on that dress!
4	After seeing a couple Yelp friends review Rockin' Bettie favorably, I decided to make a trip up to Meadows Mall specifically to check it out. The shop is easy to miss, it is tucked into the corner neat Macy's. I wish I could say that entering the store is like being transported back in time, as that is what I was hoping for. While the items being sold are very retro, the store is just too small to give that feeling. I saw a few items I would have loved to try on, but nothing was available in my size. Prices were reasonable as compared to other shops and websites though, so it's certainly worth checking out. 3.5 stars is what I would rate this shop if we could use 1/2 star ratings. The employee working was nice, and I still have high hopes that someday there will be more items in stock, so I bumped up to a 4.
5	Love this store it, I have been there almost every Thursday since she has opened.  I get so many compliments when I wear the dresses from this store.  The owner is super sweet and helps you to find what looks best on you.  Highly recommend this store to everyone.
5	It is a small "rockabilly" dress shop. They always have new items and they have sizes for ladies who "full figured". The owner and her daughter are friendly and knowledge about what they sale. The biggest reason I give them 5 stars; you simply cannot beat their prices!
5	I bought the cutest gloves for winter! great staff. reasonable prices. store is too cute. The owner rocks!
5	I heard about Rockin Bettie at First Friday and decided to check it out.  The word Rockin defiantly suits the store!  The decor was absolutely one of a kind without being tacky.  All sizes are represented and as a fluffy girl I love that.  The staff is very knowledgeable and the quality of the items is outstanding.  The prices are truly affordable.  Clothing is in stock not just for women but for men, children and pets.  The shoes are to die for!  I will be back again and again and again.
4	if you're into retro vintage pin up/rockabilly style clothing this place is for you! It has your typical pin up/rockabilly clothing but with flair! The items in the store are cute and totally fitting of the era. The clothes are very good quality and she has a decent selection, she is also always getting in new items so the stock is consistently changing. The owner is the one that works in the shop and she is the sweetest gal! Very helpful and informative and willing to go the extra mile to help you find that perfect 50's outfit! You are also able to find some great childrens accessories made by a local artisan, the items are very well made and cute to boot! There is also a good selection of sizes and not just for the skinny girls, she carries things all the way up to 4x.  Her prices are also decent beating the Bettie Page store by far!
5	As someone who lives for "rockabilly" and "pin up" swag, it was very exciting to know that this store was going to open. Rockin' Bettie has been open for a little bit of time now and seems to be doing awesome inside the Meadows Mall. The owner is a complete doll and their staff is always really helpful. Rockin' Bettie always has a changing selection of things from dresses to shoes to kids stuff and is usually pretty open to trying to get that certain item you're looking for. I hope for bigger and better for this store and their crew!!
4	For the longest time, our only selections for retro pin-up/Rockabilly/Psychobilly clothing was the infamous Bettie Page store, located both in the Caesars Palace Forum Shops and the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops.I mean yeah, there's Hot Topic, which is everywhere, and the independently ran 'Cash 4 Chaos' boutique located down the street from UNLV. But even they don't offer a full selection on 50s-style dresses and what-have-you.Rockin' Bettie carries well-known brands such as Hell Bunny and accessories from Leg Avenue. I don't know if they have a house brand as I wasn't able to browse long enough to check. But since the storefront is so small, I doubt it. The prices are comparable to the Bettie Page shoppes and Hot Topic stores, ranging anywhere from the $40 to $100+. It depends on the style and brand of the apparel, so yeah.Their selections are really cute, although I wish they had a bigger inventory. But then again, they could only do with so much space. Hopefully if their business goes really well, they can expand like the Bettie Page brand and open more shops elsewhere.
5	This store is unbelievable. I couldn't resist trying on a dress as I walked past the store. It's retro/pin up but the material is built to last.  And the dress I bought is so comfy- I plan to wear it swing dancing very often! The prices can't be beat, and the owner of the store, Amy, is such a sweetheart. They even have great hair accessories! This is my new favorite store. New items come in every Thursday!If you want to dress vintage/rockabilly, this is the store for you!
5	Love this cute little store! Have to stop by every time I visit the mall, no matter what the original intention was for
4	Rockin' bettie moved to Main Street, and you can find their new listing here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rockin-bettie-las-vegas-2
5	Love this store! They have all the best pinup, rockabilly, retro looks. The prices are pretty fair and the staff is amazing! Update: I was going on a date so I called as I was on my way to find the new location. The girl working was super helpful. I was able to zip in and out of there in less than 15 minutes with a perfect date dress and run off to my mani pedi.
5	Love Rockin Betties. Good prices, excellent service. Got my lady 2 dresses and myself a hat for right around 100 bucks. Made in America great quality clothes. Thanks Bettie
