5	Some people call me crazy for the way I treat my dog. I treat him like he treats me, like he loves me to death. I want the best for him whether it is nutritious food or strong, well made toys. I shopped at the chain stores for years and became steadily disappointed in the poor selection. A few weeks ago I gave Petagogy a try. The first thing I noticed was their amazing select of food, toys and treats. After speaking with the two couples that own and operate the store I realized these people feel the same way about their pets as I do. They want the best for them and that is just want they sell, only the best! I would highly recommend this store for their knowledgable staff and great selection of quality products. If you are as crazy about your pet as I am I would strongly recommend you give Petagogy a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Best pet store in Pittsburgh! I stopped in today with my pooch and received tons of attention from one of the owners of the shop. I was looking for a new toy for my extremely picky dog who is 2 years old but new to playing with toys. I wasn't just guided to the toy section, but she pulled out toys for him that I described he might like and let him pick out the one he wanted. She kept petting him and complimenting him and asking me his preferences, and she shared her own dog experiences with me. This extremely attentive and friendly service continued throughout my half hour in the shop, where she gave me personal advice for everything from his paws to his teeth to his diet, offering me samples, and not making me feel pressured into buying anything. This was my second visit and my first was just as good, also filled with free samples, excellent recommendations and service, and the same friendly no-pressure sales attitude. I ended up happily buying a few toys, some food, and paw protection wax. My pup and I are making this our primary pet store from now on thanks to the great natural and eco product selection and extensive staff knowledge and friendliness.
5	I second the best pet shop in Pittsburgh. I adore this store. The staff is uh-mazing. They don't treat you or you pet like some average joe customer who comes in to stock up on pet supplies. They take the time to get to know you and your pet. Stop in and visit! By the way they are conveniently located right across from East End Vet.
5	Update: This place is still consistently amazing. They really care about my dog Larry and give him very personal recommendations. They emailed me when they thought they made a mistake telling me an item was not in stock while it was, which was very nice because they had to look up my info through my dog's name, which they remembered even though he wasn't in the store that day. The staff are all full of personality and are not pushy at all. I know I've said this before but it still amazes me - I've been given many, many free samples here and told to come back when I choose the best food for Larry. These people care about my pet in the long run and not making a quick sale, and that means they will get my business as long as I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	There is nothing I can really say about this place that hasn't been said. The owners remember our dog by name, and remember that it's actually my girlfriend who is the name on our loyalty purchase thingy. Going in, we're so often treated to bags of samples - so much so that we once went in to buy food and left with nothing but samples, and didn't need to return for a week to actually purchase any. The staff is extremely helpful, and willing to answer any questions you might have about any of their products, or make recommendations based on your pet's lifestyle. They also have no problem cleaning up a bit of doggy accident, if someone can't hold it until you leave. The place is primarily a dog store, with about 70-80% of the merchandise dedicated to canine companions, but they do also have a small mammals section for cats and such. They are also home to several events throughout the months(Especially great for the owners of well socialized dogs, which ours is not quite good enough to partake just yet), so be sure to follow them on Facebook or twitter.
5	Products: Petagogy is a family owned pet store (for dogs and cats) that sells products you may not find at the chain pet stores and that you definitely won't find at the grocery store.  Their inventory includes all-natural foods, unique treats and bones, all types of durable and interesting toys, grooming tools and products, calming products, and more (they even have vegetarian pet foods!).  They have food bags in all sizes to meet your needs based on the size of your pet and your budget.  We always find new bones for our dog and different treats that are not available at other stores. Price: Petagogy is not a bargain basement pet store, but they aren't offering bottom-shelf products.  Their food is top-notch with a focus on quality and pet health.  If you want something cheap, go to Giant Eagle.  But if you want food that will make your pet healthy and happy, Petagogy is the place to go.Staff:  The store is operated by two couples, and everyone who has ever been behind the counter has been extremely friendly and eager to help.  On our first visit, the staff recommended a dog food based on our individual pet and we have never strayed from their recommendation.  If out of stock, the staff will order exactly what you want/need, and they will even deliver it to your house for free!  Location: Right on Ellsworth Ave., you can't miss Petagogy.  Parking may be tricky, but that end of Ellsworth is typically less busy and it is easier to find a spot.Extras: Petagogy is heavily involved in the local community and organizes and promotes pet events and other events.  The owners clearly want more than just your business and show a genuine interest in having a presence in the community.  They offer events like pet photos with Santa and consultations with dog trainers regularly and have an event calendar in the store and online.  The rewards/customer loyalty program provides discounts, birthday offers for your pet, and keeps you in the loop for upcoming events.  They welcome your dog/cat into the store and have a bowl full of fresh water (with some slobber) to quench your pet's thirst.  (+): many unique high-quality products to choose from, awesome staff, and a small business mindset with intentions of being part of the community(-): the price may not be the lowest, but you get what you pay for at PetagogyWould I go back again? Routinely.
4	This is an amazing little pet shop.  I took my little man for a walk through Shadyside and had heard about this place and decided to stop in.  Very nice that if you are walking and do actually want to stop in, it is a 'pet friendly' establishment so you don't have to worry about what to do with your dog while you go browse.I didn't get a chance to check out the back of the store much because having a 3 month old puppy wrapping himself around your leg fifty times doesn't make for walking through the store a fun task.  We (yes we, Eli, little man) browsed through the toys and treats up front.  While we were browsing the staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and on top of their game.  They have a lot of environmentally friendly toys for your pets located there.  Picked up a chew toy made from wool for Eli and he has not let that thing alone since we came home.Upon check out be sure to sign up for their card.  It's kind of like the Petco/PetSmart card.  You get an amount off after you spend a certain amount there.  They also have classes/demostrations you can attend.  If you don't mind, join their email club and receive updates about specials and classes that are going to be offered.My rating is 4.75 stars, great place that's off the beaten path.
4	Love this place. This is THE place (if not the only) to go to for your dog's/cat's most well cared for meals, treats, etc. Although, i may say - i buy their grain-free dog foods and treats, etc - i would NOT recommend buying their leashes, bowls, or whatever.You can get them cheaper and the NEW petsmart that just opened down the street in East Lib. Everything else is a GO. If you need advice, people there are friendly and informative on what you should feed your pet. Still - do your own research and make sure it is the right choice for you. Businesses will always recommend other businesses, but for your personal choice - make sure you feel comfortable with it.Great pet boutique for your special friend.
5	I love this little gem of a pet store!  I buy all of my cat's food here, they have a great selection of different foods that will meet the needs of just about any pet.  For example, I've got a senior cat who has allergies and an adult cat that is super fat and prone to hairballs.  And they always end up eating the same food.  I was about to find a food that suits both of them.My cats especially love the Fromm cat foods, but if you are not sure what foods your pet would like they are happy to give you some samples to try.They have just about everything your pet could need.  I got a really cool leash for my friends dog that is made from recycled bike tires and has a beer opener on it.  I was like, "Who needs a bottle opener on a dog leash?"  You know what--I've used it several times!Their prices are very good, and the staff is super friendly.  I recommend stopping here before going to PetSmart.  Support a local business, and get quality stuff for your pets.  Its a win win. Also, I like that they send me cute coupons on my cats birthdays.
4	Employees are extremely kind to customers and their 4-legged friends. They have a large variety of food, treats and toys and soft serve for your pooch!My only gripe is that I wish they had larger section for the kitties!
5	I walked in yesterday asking for hairball stuff, and not only did she immediately find it, but she actually recommended a homeopathic (okay, bacon grease!) way to help. I love when employees actually love what they do enough to not try to sell me something but actually try to help me. I ended up buying the hairball treats, because I appreciated her insight a lot. Very clean store and not stuffy like a lot of pet stores.
4	I love taking my dogs here for a treat after they visit the vet across the street. I would never buy dog food or a large bag of treats here as it is very expensive, but they have a lot of treats that you can buy individually. This is a fun option if you're out and about with your pooch in Shadyside. The dogs in the store are always very friendly, and the people are as well.I love coming here for special treats for my dogs. The service is absolutely fantastic, and everyone who works here knows a lot about what they are selling. This is very important to me when it comes to choosing items for my dogs.I highly recommend walking in and exploring!
5	I love the store, I love the folks who own and work there!  Friendly, incredibly knowledgeable and very good to our shelter dogs at the ARL.  Keep up the good works guys!  Support local biz!!!
5	The owners couldn't be nicer and more helpful! While I was hesitant to visit, because I had a preconceived notion they mainly cater to dogs, I was wrong.Let me be clear. Most of the shop is dog stuff, but they're expanding their cat section currently, which makes me very happy!The owner helped me pick out this special cat litter, Cat Attract, because we're having some bad kitty bathroom behavior... And it's working! I also picked up a banana filled with catnip that is a VERY popular toy in the Carlson household (the cats use it, not us:). They also sell items from local vendors, like handmade collars and dish holders from Reclaimed Things. They also deliver now to the immediate area.Great shop worth the visit, even if it's out of the way for you, it's worth a stop in!
