3	I am not a fan of Sonic nor much fast food in general, but after dragging the man around town to see where I used to work ( moved back to CA just under 5 years ago), where I used to live as a teen, where I went to HS, where I owned a house, where my Grandparents used to live, etc. he felt like he deserved a treat and I agreed. Had we had more time and he endured the early childhood tour (3-10), he could have had Mary Coyle :)Sonic has these crazy drink slushy concoctions and ice cream and just plain stoner food (chili, cheese and fritos wrapped in a tortilla). Since we were not hungry, he wanted an ice cream cone and a cherry lime slushy thing. So, we pull up, push a button and order. I had a large Diet Dr. Pepper, he had drink and cone...total $3.00! Why so cheap we wonder...then we see...Sonic has a happy hour on their drinks from 2-4pm. GTFO!! Seriously cool.Why only 3 stars then...well, that was for the $3.00. Hey, it is fast food folks and to be honest, once I drank my drink and got down to the ice, I remembered that Phoenix water tastes nasty and that makes for nasty ice-even if it is crushed.
2	Not a huge fan. The food always seems cold. We had a double cheeseburger meal with tots. it was ok. The best thing about Sonic is... hmmm.... ?We ate there since it was nice out. I don't like ordering from a wall it seems dumb since the people are 10 feet away, you think someone would come ask for your order. I paid with credit and she took all the food back in with her to run the card. Like I would steal it with my 2 kids with me. They don't do refills on pop....like not even as a favor. I wanted to like it but never seem to.
4	They make my favorite fast food meal.Mayo #1 with TOTS!!I have been to this location a couple times. The staff has always been very pleasant. The kiddos love the balloons.I look forward to this cheat meal. :)
4	We've stopped by here from time to time, usually for a bevvy.  My favorites of course are Diet Coke and Iced Tea.  LOVE their soft-crunchy ice.This location is reliable.  They are usually fast, and always accurate.  My most recent visit was last night around 11pm, for the perpetually starving teen- just picked her up from a friend's house (and I KNOW they fed her dinner).  Don'tcha just hate those folks that eat around the clock, are stylishly thin, and can put down a large order of tots without blinking an eye?  Me too, usually, 'cept when it's my baby.This late night visit included super fast n friendly service on rollerskates, combined w accuracy of order delivered.  Piping hot Tots, I had two, so I know.  Ketchup in the bag, along with 3 napkins.
2	I still find sonic only mildly appealing. The burgers have zero flavor and are cold. The frys are crap, the tots are ok. The hotdogs or I should say chili dog is good... and the drinks are good.
