3	Used to be Urban Active and still looks to be it from the exterior. There are a few things they have updated on the interior with proper signage. Staff is the same, equipment is the same, amenities the same, price the same. Biggest loss is the staff. Goodness gracious! They are the most apathetic bunch I've ever seen behind a counter. Overall, still happy working out here. Love the racquetball court and challenge ladder!
4	I've been a member here since 2010, and when I joined it was Urban Active; now it's an LA Fitness.  Prior to this, I was a member of the YMCA, and I started to really dislike it because I just wanted a gym - not a place with constant yard sales, kids sports, etc. that just happened to have a treadmill.LA Fitness is cheaper than the Y and has so much more.  There are three floors with an elevator (which I laughed at til I broke my foot):- 1st floor: Gym offices, pool, smoothie bar, men's and women's locker rooms with showers and saunas, and a women's only workout area- 2nd floor: The main floor with all kinds of cardio equipment (with individual TVs in most), free weights, weight machines, group exercise room, racquetball court, spinning room, and an individual workout area- 3rd floor: Indoor track, more cardio equipment, and the cardio theater where a new movie plays each day and you can watch while using a bike, treadmill or elliptical machineThe staff have gotten better recently and are more pleasant in general, and I love the hours; 5:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. through the week, 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. on Saturday, and 9:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. on Sundays.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the group exercise classes are still pretty limited, and they don't seem to update them with anything remotely new.  I'd love more intense morning classes as well as yoga/Pilates offerings, or even some high-intensity interval classes, but hopefully they're working on that!
4	Visited while in town on vacation over the holidays and one of the better LA Fitnesses I've been in.  I have a membership in OH so I had to pay a $5 interclub fee (oh well).  3 stories tall, formerly an Urban Active.  Locker rooms, pool, group work out and free weights all avaliable.  More than enough treadmills/ellipticals available for cardio.  On the 3rd floor, there's a track as well for running and more cardio related stuff.  A gym I'd go to if I lived in Charlotte and less busy than the YMCA there.
4	This gym has everything!3 stories and more than enough equipment, there is also a women's only section and a cardio theatre. I have attended most of the classes and all the instructors are great and really motivate you! You definitely get a lot for $30/month
4	They feature a lot of equipment, which means an aerobic or weight machine will be open somewhere even if your first choice is taken. There are a lot of group classes available. It's very easy to get into a good rhythm working out on a regular basis with the variety of workout options and the size of the gym.The only drawbacks are the size of the track and the size of the pool.
4	Great gym. One of the few cleaner la fitness I been to across the country.  Mens room was nice. Lots of tv for me to catch the game without missing it. Friendly staff and I also saw that they have a women only workout room.  Pretty awesome!!!
