4	Great comfort food with the focus on the meats. The sliders are great and so are steaks. Nothing spectacular, but for a neighborhood place with moderate prices, it is good. The portions are good sized, but not overly big, which is a plus.I especially liked their tomato salad, so I was disappointed that they discontinued it. But, I still love their steaks!I love how this restaurant is open 24 hours and I loved frequenting the bar after midnight (the food is served then as well)Overall, this is an above average neighborhood restaurant/bar. I recommend it.
3	Large healthy portions at a moderate price. The Kobe burger was over done from what we ordered. and did not taste like  Kobe. The jumbo shrimp were truly jumbo and tasted great. The onion rings were fantastic.Fast friendly service. Clean establishment.
4	Got some kobe sliders and they were pretty juicy for a quick lunch. Thought not bad so kept it in mind for the next time. Came back another time late night to sit by the bar and it just so happened to be Happy Hour (select appetizers and sandwiches and draft drinks are 1/2 off) and they started serving breakfast (after midnight). Got some steak and eggs for like $6 and a roast beef sandwich with onion rings to half between me and BF. BF's bestfriend also got the steak&eggs and we had calamari to share and a few beers of SamAdams seasonal. I Can't beat breakfast as it was hella cheap and decent steak and eggs (the other breakfast items are $4 plates so worth coming in for cheap eats). Roast beef was good and a decent crisp beer batter on our rings. The standout was actually and surprisingly was the calamari. It was crisp, panko like breading and came with two sauces-  a marinara and a creamy chipotle sauce. Definitely ordering those again! I will definitely be back for a late night HH...under $40 for all three of us to be super stuffed and each had a beer. Not bad at all for a big portion (never can finish a plate), decent price neighborhood joint. Plus that it's 24 hours- we're a stone throws away with not much options late night and are always looking friendly to night owls like us.UPDATE 4/18- Short and Sweet- I got Steak&Eggs and HH $3 Sam Adams Noble Pils. Good cheap midnight spot thats consistently decent as I've come.
3	HAPPY HOUR POWER! Whoever invented happy hour at any food establishment is a business tycoon because that's when the regulars come to your place and you get to know everyone's name. First time here and I'll say I wasn't very impressed (sorry to mislead you with that big intro!) and honestly, I expected more. I heard a lot from friends but now that I think of it, they were talking about the food.It's what you would expect from a bar and grill: the dim lighting, the smell of cigarettes, and soft sound from the televisions in the bar. Upon entering, there wasn't a host/hostess to greet us so my girlfriend and I just stood looking at the Montana memorabilia in the doorway until Mark came to greet us. Just to be sure we came during happy hour and double checked with Mark and it seemed like Mark was new because he wasn't sure. The bartender had to grab the card on the bar table to tell us.Mark sat us and took our order. I ordered the kobe sliders (what they're famous for) and my girlfriend ordered the peppercorn burger. We waited a little bit, not too long, for the order and there was an extra patty on the peppercorn burger. I thought it was kind of odd when Mark explained he had a new chef and he put an extra patty in the burger. He should've never added it :( My girlfriend seemed disappointed at how plain the peppercorn burger was and double checked with Mark if that's all it came with. Mark tried to appease her query of grilled onions by offering to get some.Overall, it's what's expected from a bar & grill: mediocre service, mediocre food, and so a mediocre rating. Eh.
4	If you have ever had Montana Meat's American Kobe Burger you will understand how great the 2 for 1 Burger deal is!!! As of right now they have the deal going and it changes usually after a couple of months or so, so don't miss out!  They also have unlimited fries for the burgers which makes it even that much better (I usually get the fries well done, yum).  They also have a great menu ranging from great steaks to nacho appetizers.  So if your lucky enough to have one close by or see one in your travels, stop by and have a great meal.
4	Been back a few times for the late night specials. Cant beat the breakfast specials at $4.95 (which recently seems to have expanded and include things now like various pancakes) and the half off select dishes after midnight and reverse happy hour drink specials (starts at 11pm I think). They also are doing a 2 for 1 Big Sky Burger (mushroom, cheese, bacon burger) special which is a pretty quality burger. Comes with steak fries so it's kinda reminiscent of Red Robin for me, but this is better. It's a good spot for late night eats so if you have the munchies, need drunk food, or work late shifts there are decent food at good deals here.
5	Always great service and food. i love the bacon wrap scallops
3	Came here with my bf on a weekday afternoon. The place was pretty dead but surprisingly nice and clean. Anyway, we were seated by a nice host who also happened to be our server. The guy took our orders and drinks and was given nice, hot sour dough bread with butter on the side while we waited. My bf ordered a kobe burger and I got grilled salmon...yes I got salmon knowing this place is known for their good burgers and steak. (I recently became pescetarian).  We also got the bacon wrapped scallops everyone was raving about. It didn't take long til we got our food, which was awesome. My bf said his burger was "amazing" and had nothing bad to say about it. My salmon, on the other hand, was dry and bland...I removed the bacon on the scallops and it actually wasn't bad. The scallops were big and juicy and we both enjoyed it. They made some kind of sauce for the scallops which I was not a big fan of, but my bf loved it. Overall good place to go, don't get the salmon, I guess get the Kobe because its supposedly "awesome". And yes do try the scallops.
4	This place is right by the Walmart at Centennial, so I've passed it 100 times before actually trying it. And, I honestly had no desire to ever try it except that my husband says "We should try that place" EVERY single time we go by, and I wanted him to stop.So, we finally tried it one afternoon because he read online that they do BOGO burgers. I was a little put off because when you walk in the stench of smoke hits you like a ton of bricks. Like, worse than ANY casino anywhere. I am an ex smoker, and even when I did smoke...I didn't like it with my food. Honestly, if it weren't for this one thing I would have gone up to 5 stars. Anyway, bar is to the right and dining room is to the left. So, once you go to the left and are seated you can kinda get past the smoke issue.The service is excellent, but I have only ever gone in the afternoon when it isn't very busy anyway. They stay on top of drink refills which is a big deal for me, and everything is always really prompt (like the check).Both times I have gone we ordered burgers. I always get the the Rocky Mountain Bacon Burger. My husband has tried the Peppercorn Burger and the Spicy Jalepeno Burger. Mine was excellent. The bacon was crispy, cheese was melted, and the onion ring is big & crispy. Fries are really hot. My husband preferred the Jalepeno over the Peppercorn. The jalepenos were grilled and the peppercorn has a gravy (and lots of it) poured over. What I like best about their burgers is that you can taste the charbroiledness...its like you would get at home on a grill, but better. And, WAY better than any fast food place tries to promise.But, the really best part is the BOGO burger deal...for 2 big burgers and fries with soda/ice tea the bill is $15. You just cannot beat that! Definately worth checking out!!!
3	Between this store and their sister store on Durango, I eat there a couple of time a month, always the breakfast menu. It's unique in that all the breakfasts, with the exception of the steak and eggs, are one price, $4.95. Whether you order an omelet, biscuits and gravy, a scramble breakfast or my favorite "The Range" (chicken fried steak and eggs) it's $4.95.I usually order the Range, which is very good, the other day I ordered "The Porker Scramble", ( Eggs, Potatoes, Green Peppers, Onions,Cheddar Cheese, Bacon, Ham and Sausage), it was also very good.It's conveniently located. If you're shopping at Home Depot, Walmart, Sam's Club or shopping for a car.If you want a good breakfast, at a good price, give them a tryUpdate:Since I specifically stated prices in my review, I wanted to note the prices have increased. Now all the breakfast entrees are $5.95 and $6.95 (ex. the Range mentioned above is $5.95, the Porker scramble is $6.95). The steak and eggs and eggs benedict are $8.95. Still well worth the price and in a good location to get other tasks done.
3	I've been to Montana Meat Company several times for the "Buy One Get One Free" (dine-in only) hamburger deal. With a decent selection of burgers (including kobe) at such a great price, they could taste like rhinoceros fart and they'd still be worth it! Luckily; they're all actually quite good (especially the kobe burgers).If you are a cheapskate like myself and usually go to Montana for the hamburger deal, you probably aren't going to get an appetizer. But if you feel like living large, I highly recommend the lamb chops (I guarantee you'll want to lube yourself up with the honey basil sauce) and teriyaki chicken wings. The major issue that I have with Montana Meat Company isn't the food or the service. The problem with Montana is that the place flat-out needs cleaning. Last time I visited, there was a dead roach inside the building in the entryway. The time before that, there were tortilla chips on my seat. Unless you like sitting underneath lamps that are layered with dust for some reason, I really have nothing good to say about Montana (the state OR the restaurant) in terms of cleanliness.If a dirty restaurant with the heavy smell of cigarette smoke doesn't bother you, visit Montana Meat Company today before BJ's put them out of business.PS - I'm in a good mood. This place should automatically get one star for being a New York Jets bar.
1	Walked in...overwhelmed with cigarette smoke...walked out
4	I visited this place once to have a few drinks, it was a bit quiet that night, and I knew they served food so I looked at their menu. I was surprised to find entrees like Balsamic Glazed Halibut, Lamb Chops, 20 ounce Rib Eyes, and other such tasty things. I decided I would have to come back here again sometime with my girl and give it a go.Since then my girl and I have been there twice and I went once with a friend to enjoy the menu and the drinks. I have enjoyed the shrimp cocktail, their lamb chops, rib eyes, flat iron steak, and their halibut.* Classic Shrimp Cocktail: This was very enjoyable for both my girl and I, sweet and juicy jumbo shrimp and one of the best shrimp cocktails I have had in Las Vegas.* Lamb Chops: While I am generally not a big fan of lamb, these are crazy good and after 11pm you can get 3 lamb chops for $7.95* Rib Eyes: My girl and I both had the 12-ounce Rib Eye Steaks; this was up there with other good Steak Houses in Las Vegas. The meat was perfect medium rare for me and medium for my girl.* Macadamia Crusted Alaskan Halibut with a balsamic glaze: I ordered this when my girl tried the flat iron steak, and while it was good, fresh and cooked right, I to be honest was jealous of my girls flat iron steak ;p* Flat Iron Steak: So I was saying I was jealous of my girls flat iron steak and it was very nommy had a great sear and again cooked how she wanted it.(I have noted that the grill person just rocks it all together as anything grilled here taste great so far.)I would recommend if you are in this side of town to give this place a try as I have always enjoyed myself here.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
3	I don't dig the whole able to smoke at the bar type of deal.  Smoke smell wasn't strong in the dining areas but it was very much apparent.Ordered the half rack of pork ribs with onion rings and veggies.  Meat was dry and flavor was decent.  I had to slather on more bbq sauce to make it somewhat enjoyable.  On the other hand, the onion rings were very very good especially when dipped in the ranch. Veggies were veggies.  Oh and the bread was also very good and warm.
4	On the night we went to Montana, it was late and they were closing the dining room.  Or at least I think they were, so we elected to sit in the bar area.  While there, I was reading Yelp reviews, and must say that there was none of the overly smoky ambience that so many people had complained about.  It wasn't terribly crowded, either.  But a group of two couples at one end were soooooo loud that we had to move to a table on the other side to be able to hear each other and keep our eardrums intact.  Lucky for us, they left right before the food was brought.What a deal!  Two burgers for the price of one isn't on the menu, but is always available.  Strange that you have to know about it, but at least we knew.  And we were there because it was late...and we knew.  There was also $2 off my glass of wine and hubby's beer.The burger was very good, a little more well-done than the medium I'd asked for.  Hubby got the rarer one, which is a shame.  He's been well-trained to know enough not to order his meat cooked to DEAD when he's in my company (yeah, yeah, I know you're supposed to eat burgers well-done, but you pays yer money and takes yer chances).  Still it was better than good, and what made me especially happy was being able to order fresh veggies instead of the fries.  The burger had enough bad-but-good stuff on it, like onion ring, hot pepperjack, and more.Service was terrific, too.
3	Been there many times today we went for breakfast 9/25, I asked for a hambuger patty and eggs although they offer hambugers the waiter said they could not do that, I explained I would pay for the ala carte just didn't want a steak I really enjoy a hamburger patty eggs potaoes and toast, I didn't think this was such a hugh request.  I rather dine at restaurants that try to accomadate their customers requests.
3	My lunch date said he was taking me here for lunch.   Its ok food if u don't mid a.bar atmosphere.Food was fresh but smoke in there was bad. Hellloooo...dates...don't take someone there if they don't smoke. Ugh
4	I've lived in the NW area for 4 years and kept saying I would try this place. I finally did and can't believe I waited so long. I've only had the rib eye and the medallions so I can only speak of that. The steak was very tender and cooked perfectly. Top your steak with the Cabernet mushrooms and its even more amazing. The service has been wonderful both times that I have eaten there. The prices are good too. Next time, I'm going to try the breakfast that the regulars were raving about.
4	The food is good but the service from the server is GREAT.  Mark is awesome and makes the dinner a great experience
1	Being that we are from Montana, we naturally wanted to try this place. We came here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night. It was around 6:30 and the employees were running around frantically as if there was a line of people waiting out the door; yet, there were open tables. (?) We were seated at a booth, ordered my daughter a drink, and waited. And waited. And waited longer. And waited some more. Until finally we left. They brought my daughter her drink but did not ask what we wanted to drink or come back to our table in over 15 minutes after that. I get that people need to be patient but this experience was just really odd and I had a bad feeling about how the meal would go if we stayed. We (politely) told them we had to go and haven't been back.  Maybe we will try it another time.
1	Went once last year. Service sucked and the food sucked. Way overpriced. You're better off going to a bar and grill and getting the better of both.
1	The bartender on grave was very disappointing. I didn't catch his name but that was probably because he was too busy smoking and gambling across the bar. I will not be back.
4	I friggin' love this place.  My husband and I come here every few weeks or so with our two kids.  The kids love the breakfast pancakes and I love the breakfast sandwich.  My husband gets the steak and eggs for something like $5.  For dinner we usually get the burgers on the buy-one-get-one-free special.  Yes, this place has great specials.  It's a wonderful restaurant for a family on a budget.  The service tends to be slow.  That's my only real complaint.
3	I thought the steak needed more flavor.   It was too greasy, and not in the good way.  Fries okay.  Onion rings clearly not fresh.   It's a great idea with not so good on execution.  OK, not great.   It seems like there is potential, but needs help.
3	My husband and I visit Montana Meat often, however thery have now raised their prices for breakfast quite a bit.  There are other bar restrants in the area with just as good of food at a better value.We have eaten dinner there before, my husband sent his tough steak back my filet was not good but I ate the expensive baked potato.
4	We had originally tried this place shortly after they opened and it was very bad.. so bad that we avoided it for years.  Recently, however, a friend said he'd been there and it was very good, so we gave it another shot.. and we're glad we did.I had the small filet and it was prepared perfectly.. not just in the right zone, PERFECT.  It was like eating meat candy.  My hubby got the rib-eye and he loved every bite of it also.We returned a couple of weeks later and ordered the same meals.. and, once again, perfection.  We're definitely becoming regulars here, so long as they keep this up.Oh, fair warning though.. the mashed potatoes come with gravy on them unless you specify otherwise.. and they don't list that on the menu.  One waitress failed to mention that, which is how we found out.  Personally, I'm not a gravy fan.. hubby will eat anything with gravy on it but that's the southern boy in him.. I'm a yankee ;)
4	We are regulars as it just around the corner. We usually have the lamb chops which are excellent.Last night I had the prime rib special which was fine. Unremarkable but ok. Bill had the ribs, a good safe bet.The bread is really good and their sides are always fresh.
5	We've been going to Montana for over five years now and absolutely love it. We always sit in the bar and gamble a little bit and eat.Their food is delicious! The nachos are the best I've ever had. We order them half chicken and half steak. You can even get the steak cooked however you like. The scallops are to die for and their hamburgers are great.We love the bartenders and always have a fun time.
3	The place is extremely empty the 2 times I've been in there. Everyone there is very nice, and it's very clean.  It's definitely not a bad place though. The menu is ok, the nachos are huge and are yummy.  They are a bit over priced though for bar food. The food is really good though. I'd definitely be back.
4	We were in the area shopping and decided to look for someplace to eat. We really weren't in the mood for burgers, so Red Robin was out. There were lots of places to choose from, but in the end we decided to try someplace new and since it was close to a Starbucks, Montana Meat Company made the list.It was early in the afternoon so the place was empty. Some people have complained about the smoke smell, but the restaurant seating is in the back of the place totally separated from the bar. We never noticed any smoke where we were sitting. There was only one other booth occupied when we arrived so we were quickly greeted and seated. Our host was friendly and courteous and appeared glad to see us. We think he also doubles as the bartender since that's where he was when we arrived. He took our drink order while we looked over the menu. While we were waiting for the drinks, the waitress showed up and asked what we wanted to drink. Apparently a communications break between the bar staff and the restaurant staff.Brenda ordered the flat iron steak with steak fries and I had the Montana Rib Eye with a baked potato. While we waited for the food we did our usual check of the establishment. Overall, it is a nice place with a definite cowboy feel to it. The only negative would be that no one dusts the lamp shades. A tap of the finger on them sent dust cascading down. As we waited, more people began to arrive and the wait staff increased as well. It never seemed as though anyone was waiting to be served or checked on, so overall, we'd rate this as better than average service.The food arrived and it was cooked as ordered, medium for Brenda and medium rare for me. I'm not really sure what's in the "signature pepper marinade" that they claim the rib eye is aged in. Although the steak was very tender and tasty, I really didn't notice anything special that the marinade would have imparted. The baked potato was slightly undercooked and a bit firm in the center. However, with all the butter, sour cream, and chives that they supply, it tasted fine. You really can't do much to screw up a baked potato. Brenda's flat iron was also good considering it's a cheaper cut of meat from the shoulder. The steak fries were nothing spectacular but there were enough that neither of us could finish all of them. The food that we got was worth the price considering many restaurants in town would be charging an additional $10 per plate for what we got.Definitely would return to try some of their burgers or even their breakfast menu.
2	Took my Dad and BF here last night for a belated Fathers Day dinner.  We were seated right away.  Not too many tables occupied.  The bar area looked pretty busy-maybe for happy hour.  As we were seated the server brought us 2 warm flaky melt-in-your mouth loaves of white Italian bread with butter.  OMG in my mouth!  I am always a big fan of fresh warm bread so that was a good way to start.The server was nice, not overly friendly but there to do his job. He did check back occasionally to make sure we didn't need anything.  He took our order for dinner and here was our rundown:*Dad - Blackened salmon with mashed potatoes with a side Caesar salad.  He ate the whole thing and he was stuffed. He said the salmon was so good he couldn't stop eating. LOL*Mom - Ordered the steak with mashed potatoes.  No complaints from her.*BF/Me - shared the Caesars Salad and it was really good.*BF - Cajon pasta with medallion steak.  This is always his favorite only its always very rich.  This time there was way too much sauce.  It was still good but it was just swimming in sauce.  I grabbed a piece of the cheesy toast that it came with (as if I needed any more bread) and it was absolutely horrible!  Not even edible.  It was so salty and I do love my salt but yuck!  He didn't eat any of the bread and rarely does. He says it never looks good.*Me - Blackened salmon with mashed potatoes.  First off S A L T Y was the theme of the night I guess.  The mashed potatoes were covered with tons of brown gravy-you couldn't even see the potatoes.  The gravy was so salty....maybe if there was a small dallup of gravy it wouldn't seem so overpowering but gollllly.  The salmon was a little dry so I asked for this lemon butter sauce that you have to ask for and it made it a little better.  The whole dish was really salty.  I left about less than half my dinner there.  The salt was just too much.  Oh yeah there were green beans too on there that I didn't eat. The bill was about $90 with tip.  As we were walking out BF got suddenly got sick and ran to the bathroom.  Not a good sign if you cant make it out the door right?   Yeah we got our Montana Meats fix for now.  We will be back when we forget this dining experience.  It has been pretty good in the past...
3	This review is for just the restaurant,I would have given higher, but you could smell smoke from the bar area,The food was pretty good.I had the sirloin , vegetables and baked potato. Everything tasted good. The service was also good.
4	As I walked into this restaurant, I didn't have high expectations. The parking lot was empty and the building was somewhat uninviting. Very little signage and the front door was very inconspicuous. My wife and I were greeted upon entering and seated right away. There were only a couple of other customers in the dining room and a couple in the bar. Our drink order was taken right away and the waiter was happy and very attentive.My wife ordered the pot roast, which came with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables and I ordered the fillet medallions, which came with mashed potatoes and grilled onions, smothered in a mushroom demi-glaze.Our meals were fantastic! My medallions were cooked a perfect medium-rare, the mushroom sauce was rich and flavorful but not too overpowering. The mashed potatoes were, well, mashed potatoes. My wife raved about her pot roast and she is not a big red meat fan.One of the best parts of the meal was the fresh cooked bread. After our drinks came and before our meal, our waiter brought us a wooden plank with a little slice of heaven. I remember when I was young and my mom made bread. I remember the smell of the bread as I walked in the house after a long day at school. As he set the bread down in front of us, the smell of fresh baked bread filled the air. I skipped the butter and tore into a piece and it was amazing. The texture, the taste, the aroma - this bread was fresh and hot. I must say I was pleasantly surprised with the Montana Meat Company. Not a great first impression, but , what a way to finish!To my amazing fan Carlos L., the prices were pretty good. Our whole meal came to $38.00 before tip. Carlos is concerned about my spending habits - he thinks I'm cheap and should just stick to McDonalds. Have a great day Carlos.
3	Stopped here for a late night bite. The chicken fingers were decent. Had a breakfast plate that was kinda bland. Decent service and atmosphere though.
1	We waited for 5 minutes with no greeting and were the only people in line to be told they are no longer serving children! Maybe add a sign? We have gone there before with kids. They aren't that busy, doesn't seem like a good choice to turn away business.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!I had the absolute WORST restaurant/bar experience here. My friend and I went to this place, because he highly recommended it. We went there to watch our favorite football team, Team A, and thought it would be a good time. Well, my friend and I usually have the same taste in places, so I agreed. As soon as we walked in, the smell of dirty sewage hit my nose, and I asked my friend, "don't you smell that"? He said no, so we continued on to the bar. As we sat down in front of one of the TV's that our team on, we were greeted by the bartender, who is also the owner. He asked us what we were going to have to drink. I ordered a Dr. Pepper, my friend a Beer. He mentioned to us that there were a couple of team B fans in the place tonight, as he could see us wearing our team A jerseys. We said ok cool, no worries. We were there to watch the game and root for our team on, nothing more. As our team made some big plays, we clapped and cheered "yeah". We then asked the owner for some food menus. We placed our order and continued watching the game. In between plays, we noticed the other fans were at the end of the bar from us. We did not heckle them or even look there way. We were focused on watching the game and talking football amongst ourselves. Our team made another big play, and we clapped again, and yelled "yeah". I guess the owner had enough, as he then proceeded over to us and talk to me in a way I have never been talked to before. It went a little like this:Owner: "Hey, can you not cheer until the other people leave, they are team B fans"Me: "I can't cheer for my team"?O: "Out of respect for me, please just don't cheer or clap, until they leave"M: "Why"?O: "Well I'm the owner, so I can turn the game off. Do you gamble"?M: "No, I don't"O: "Well that guy (team B fan) has $10,000 on this game, and he's already down $2,000"M: "How is that my problem"?O: "Please just don't cheer until they leave, that's all i'm asking"M: "So I can't cheer for my team for the whole game basically"O: "Yes"M: I point to my soda, "How much is this"?O: "I'll get it if you're going to leave"M: As I get up from the stool "Yes I am""My friend does the same and we walk out of that sewage plant. Once again, this has NEVER happened to me. EVER! I created a YELP account just so I can spread the word of this terrible business scaring off paying customers. It was number 1-a bar, number 2- we weren't scaring off customers or being obscene, number 3- there was a total of 7 people at a 20 person bar, number 4-isn't the customer always right?Do not go here, do not give this man another dollar.
4	Hubby & I stopped in Saturday night. This review is mostly 5 stars, but there were a couple things  that brought it down just a tiny notch.Good:Server (Grant) was AWESOME!!!! I tried the flat iron steak special, but am a little leary of blue cheese. He offered to bring it on the side so I could see if I liked it. Turns out it was absolutely DELICIOUS! Grant was so friendly & attentive, too. Actually, the whole staff was very very nice. Hubby had the same & loved it as well. Everything was cooked PERFECTLY! I even liked the veggies! Bread was so yummy! Grant even brought me all the fixings for my baked potato on the side so I could fix it up however I wanted to.Not as good: Front door didn't seem so inviting. Might've been a good idea to turn more of the lights on (the ones aimed at the door).The sewer smell in the area. It's really not THIER fault, though.We will DEFINITELY be back!!
1	If you're under 21 don't even wast your time. We use to come here a lot. It's been a few months and we were craving steak close to the house. We had our 10 year old with us. After waiting 5 minutes for some one to seat us we were greeted with "sorry it's only 21 and up". I clarified that we are eating not going to the bar he told us it was the whole place.   This was after we waded through a horrible stench outside. So BEWARE!
1	Dont come here with anyone under 21 of age. We wanted to have breakfast and was told we couldnt because of our daughter was under 21..no signs are posted stating that.. Dont waste your time waiting to be seated like we did.. We are never coming back to this place.. I will sure to tell as much people as can not to go here.. Would of been okay if they posted a sign out side..
4	I like this bar a lot, but I can see why others might not.  It's full of yocals and it's dark and smokey.   But, if you are okay with that (I am) try to sit at the bar.  Order one of the burgers and they are awesome.  I like the kobe sliders the best.
2	Had the T Bone Steak and Bake Potato. Wife had the filet medallions. Both were supposed to be cooked medium.  Both were very under cooked! It looked a lot better than it was! Decent flavor but the meat had allot of tendon in it on both dishes making it really tough to cut and to eat/chew. The veggieswe're over cooked mush with no flavor.Best part of the meal was the Warm bread served before the meal. Service sucked!  Waiter did as little as possible!  No suggested selling!  Didn't offer mushrooms,  onions or even desert!  Very disappointing! Was really craving a good steak!
5	We went again this past Saturday night & we were REALLY craving the bleu cheese flat iron steak again. That is a special & they weren't serving it that night, but our server, Lili, asked the chef & he offered to make it for us! It was soooooooooo delicious!!!! Lili was great, too! All the food was cooked perfectly!!Our thanks to Lili & the chef!!!!!
4	Food was good, service was slow, atmosphere was casual.I ordered the burger that comes with gravy, the fries also have gravy on them. It was cooked perfectly medium. The gravy was seasoned well. My mom's steak sandwich was a little over cooked. She ordered the brown on the side, tasted like it came out of a can. The quality of the meat on both dishes was excellent. My husband ordered a Cobb salad. It was good, not great. I will definitely return for the steak. You can tell this is their focus, and they are doing it well.
2	They need to learn how to bus tables. Two parties of two people waiting,  but they cleaned the largest tables while leaving the smaller tables and making us wait. The food is good,  but not low priced anymore. Two people will spend about $25 on a meal.Recently sectioned off restaurant so they could serve kids. Goodbye to our quiet sanctuary restaurant.
3	The Mr. and I stopped by Montana's for breakfast on a Tuesday morning. I walked in solo to double check that they were still serving breakfast and waited a couple of minutes for the host to appear. The place was absolutely dead. Finally the hostess/waiter comes around and lets me know that breakfast is served until 1pm. Whew, while now that we got that problem solved...I ordered the french toast and subbed the meat for a side of eggs ($5.95). The hubs ordered the "Rise and Shine Scramble" ($6.95). The french toast were loaded with powdered sugar and tasted pretty good for bar standards. The eggs were seriously underwhelming- I mostly picked at them. The Rise and Shine dish was apparently satisfying. My husband especially liked the corn tortillas served with the meal because they were piping hot and fresh. The dining area is dark but looks crisp and new. The place was sparkly clean. We liked the retro black and white photos hung on the walls. The service was slow- the waiter liked to chit chat with the kitchen staff. Plus, having to stand around awkwardly waiting to be seated=lame. At least the food came out quickly!  We'll be back if we want a cheap late morning breakfast. I've got my eye on the huevos rancheros!
3	Went in for breakfast cause someone else suggested it.  Got seated right away. All breakfast selections are from 5.95-8.95. Prices are fair and reasonable. I had biscuits n gravy that comes with potatoes. My wife had big sky breakfast 2 eggs with potatoes toast and side of bacon. Service was a little slow but not unreasonable. Got refills pretty quick w/o having to ask. My biscuits n gravy were good not great.  Gravy was a little bland and bicuits were very buttery tasting. Potatoes were the best part of everyones meal. Good flavor with chunks of onion and spices.
5	Lamb chops! Big Montana Steak! Kobe Beef! Draft Beer! and Sports! what else do you want?  Oh yeah... everyone is nice and friendly too. Everyone time I go, late night or for lunch, I feel like I'm right at home.
4	Kids are welcome back. The steaks are still great. The bread is the best around. The service is still slow, but it's still a good meal.
5	Best steak in town. Better than Ranch House. Consistent quality and excellent service.
5	It was very good !! And I love this bar!!! Its my favorite place for breakfast. But this morning I got French toast and everything was good but the bacon !! It was cooked for so long I would never eat it!! It would be something the dog would eat ! But I love this place other than that and I'll come again but they should check the cook!! :) :) I love Montana meet co Today rating 8-23-14  10:30am 4 stars !!!!!
4	Great food! Little things bugged me like the waiter wasn't very friendly. Didn't ask how I wanted my filet cooked or how I wanted my baked potato. The host was more of a waiter than ours was.I give it four stars because again, the food was great. Just poor service.
4	I was starving and it was the middle of the night. Ironically, a vegetarian went to a meat company xD I did a pickup order and got huevos rancheros with seasoned potatoes and salsa. The potatoes were well seasoned and the cheesy delicious eggs were awesome. I didn't really like the refried beans on the huevos rancheros but it didn't take much away from the overall flavor. I'll definitely come back again! :)
4	A little tight on funds, I wanted to take my hubby for a good steak for our 19th anniversary.  Originally made reservations at Hugo's Cellar but decided a $250 dinner would not be enjoyable for me.  I made a great choice!  Had the filet, which was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.  Sides were delicious and loaf of bread on the table was as well.  Service was great and we got out of there for under $75 including 20% tip.  I will be back.  Also, got a $20 match play coupon by checking in to Yelp :).  Machines were pretty tight but at least I got to play for a while.
5	Love this spot!!! Amazing happy hour deals and great service. Been twice in the past two days and the bartender Mitch has taken great care of me! Bloody Mary's are out of this world! I'll have to come back and try the ribeye!
4	Pretty good service, even though they were fairly busy for a Sat morning. Service was attentive, but not overbearing. They ended up undercooking one of our steaks the first time, but the bartender (I didn't get her name, but she was good) was quick to remedy the situation, and actually ended up taking that order off our bill. Food was good, and a great price for the quality and portion size. Definitely will be back to try out their happy hour - I hear it's a great bargain, and if the filet medallions are on there, they're a must have.
3	I've been here about 4 times. Tonight service was subpar, but other times excellent. The same goes for the food tonight. Mondays :(
3	Met up with some friends for Sunday lunch.  They serve breakfast and lunch menus.I ordered the Montana Steak Sandwich.  What I received was essentially 3 small pieces of steak smothered in mushroom sauce with button mushrooms on top of thick toast and a plate full of steak fries.  The steak was prepared well but the menu description did not fit what I received, in fact several people at the table commented on that.  My daughter ordered the Ravioli which came swimming in a buttery cream like sauce.  Let me give MMC a little advice.  Over saucing does not compensate for small portions of food, lack of quality ingredients or make the plate look more appetizing.  She enjoyed the ravioli's which were, when the sauce was dripped off, pretty tasty.  The garlic toast it came with was pretty lame.  The rest of the group enjoyed their entrees and the breakfast plate looked good.Other than being overly sauced and lacking in actual entree portion size once you got through the sauce, the food was well prepared and tasty.Not really a place I would return to but decent for a 24 hour bar/steakhouse.
1	We have been coming to this establishment since I could remember and we probably come 4 to 5 times a week as individuals either for a drink or food since it's so close to our work. Today on the other hand a group of us fresh off a long days work go in and have a few beers but get greeted with nothing but attitudes and a cold shoulder everytime we ask for a drink. The bartender went as far as saying and I quote "Can you guys order all at the same time because your inconvenienceing me". It's not like it was a busy day I understand besides us 8 guys maybe 4 or 5 other people. So we were honestly kinda baffled by what he had said and he responded with if we don't shut up he will kick us out. We honestly were not being rude what so ever but he insisted we leave because as I quote "this ain't fuckin Applebee's" and he's probably right because we would have never been treated like this. All in all we were treated as crap when we asked for a beer and were ignored the entire time. So we will not ever come back for a beer or any food ever again and we will let everyone who works with us not to come here also. We will take our asses to Applebee's from now on lol. Ps. If there was a 0 star rating or negative they would have received that.
5	For those of you that haven't been here- the best server in Las Vegas works here.....-his name is Mark & I highly recommend you ask for himPrices are in line with the area,  but Mark makes the difference!!!
1	I went here on a Sunday evening. There were 4 of us in our party. We waited about 3 minutes at the front before one of the servers noticed us and said they would be right back. It was probably another 5 minutes before we could sit down and keep in mind there were only 4 or 5 other tables currently being used so it was pretty dead. When we received our food we were pretty disappointed. I ordered the filet medallions and so did my mom. I wanted mine medium and she wanted hers medium well. Mine was completely brown all the way through and hers had a slight pink in the middle so we switched. The mashed potatoes tasted like there was no seasoning and no milk or butter was used to make them. I mean who messes up mashed potatoes? I never got refills on my drinks and the server had to be hunted down to get a new steak knife that had fallen on the floor. The server came back with a fork and butter knife... I ended up just giving up my steak knife as the filet was not the best.I love steak houses but I left there wishing we had gone to outback. That's just sad. This might have been a fluke and they might have great food but I'm not willing to give it another chance.
4	I have eaten here many times.Food is fine, service typical of Vegas, now could you turn down the music?There is no sense in the waitress not hearing me, and me not hearing her,and me having to raise my voice to speak to somebody at my table.Now I do NOT  notice this every time I am there, so I assume somebody turned thisblather nobody listens to up by accident.
