5	I could not give a better recommendation than to Dr. Taylor and his staff. Not only is the office and staff warm and welcoming, the service received is professional and outstanding. I had extensive work done over the past several years, as did all 3 of my children. They LOVED going to AZ Associates in Dentistry. One might think a small town dentist might lack credibility, however this office is FAR superior to the bigger chains we have been to while living in the PHX metropolitan area. Every time we went to "XYZ Dental" (not outing them out of respect) we were handed a list of suggested treatments, all of which were "unfortunately not covered by insurance". Just a heads up - if something is important enough, generally insurance companies will cover at least part of the cost. We felt as if these other big chain dental offices were trying to make a profit by selling us everything from tooth paste to tooth brushes to whitening treatments! Dr. Taylor takes the time to get to know you as a person, make suggestions, give you options, and most importantly TIME to think about what is feasible for you.
5	Dr. Taylor is just an  amazing dentist and his staff is  just as phenomenal as he is. Elaine is quite the  dental hygienist! The office is beautiful and everyone makes you feel comfortable and at home.   Who likes going to the dentist? I can honestly say now  I absolutely love the dentist and look forward to the appointments that I have with Dr. Taylor.   Don't waste your time going anywhere else and make an appointment as soon as you can!   The service is extraordinary and the quality of dentistry is unmatched.
5	I would like to say that this quaint dental office is the best in Maricopa, for this small town there is an excess number of dentists and it can be hard to choose. I have severe anxiety when it comes to dentists and I got lucky I found them, to be honest there office is hard to see and not much advertising like those other big names in town. So I want to be sure to put a good review on here so others know too just how amazing Dr. Taylor and all the staff there are! they are nice, gentle and accommodating. The office is state of the art with tvs in the room in front of the patient and above on the ceiling to view while you are either staring straight ahead or lying back getting your teeth worked on. They are also the only dental facility in town Accredited by the Better Business Bureau with an A rating take a look at some of the others and you will be surprised some have an F with many complaints!
5	Called the office to find out if they take my insurance. Unfortunately, the answer was no. But I spoke with Kendra and she was friendly, polite and informative. If this is any sign of the kind of dentistry practiced in this office, I couldn't be more bummed about him being outside of my coverage. Thanks for the help, Kendra.
