4	A small store with not many employees staffed when I went.  There's not much space to walk around, especially when there's a lot of foot traffic.  The guy who works the jeans section is one of the denim apostles, so he knows his shit, and he's very helpful.
4	Huh? ---- be stupid? Huh!  ---- buy 1 get 1 free!Ooooooooooooooooh! I'm in DIESEL!
3	Bought a pair of sunglasses in here - the employees were non-existent, and then were too busy calling each other "douchebag" and "bitchboy" to help me much.  Finally got out of there with a very expensive pair (of sunglasses).
4	The pants, watches I love. Popularized by "Dante" of DMC.
4	Stopped in at this location several times while we were in Vegas. Very helpful and accommodating staff!  Made a few unnecessary purchases!! :)
5	I don't normally write reviews for retail stores since I worked at one for 4 years, but this is mainly for the amazing service I was given at this particular location. I came in just browsing around and then saw some black boots that seemed fashionable and within my price range. Too bad I didn't catch his name, but the fellow who was wearing gray pants and bright blue diesel shoes began helping me. I said I was a 9 and he was quick to check the back to see if they had it. They only had a 91/2, unfortunately it was too big. He did find a brown in the 9, but I wasn't really digging in since I had my heart set on the black. He wasn't pushy or anything, but did give me some tips and tried to strike conversation while I was trying the boots on (he was pretty on point with his selling tactics and I know this from experience). As I pretty much said I was done, he offered to look up which store had the black in a size 9, but I kindly said it was no big deal and walked on out. He was really friendly and I commend him for his service. Usually locals (he knew I was since he asked) aren't big shoppers at higher end stores, so it is unmotivating to help such individuals, however he was still helpful to me despite that fact.
1	Employees are non-existent at checkout. Basically had to force an employe to ring up my $200 jeans. Service sucks
