4	I think the piano and the older crowd give this gay bar a bad rap.  My friend Jeff and I like it a lot nevertheless -- probably because it makes us feel 21.  It's become a Sunday day drinking outpost for us. It's a great space in Park Central Mall featuring:* a granite "J" shaped bar* a living area with black leather sofas,* a bright and vibrant paint scheme, * a large smoking patio,* plasma TVs playing music videos, * a huge 100 foot long diagonally sloped skylight - for lots of natural light, and * a nice piano ringed by tables and cushy bar stools. What's not to like, right?  Every day features some kind of daily drink special and they do a Sunday night and Tuesday night karaoke thing.  The bartenders pour them strong, and the customers are pretty nice too.  I think the older crowd rap and the Central Ave. location have kept people away, but that's just fine by me.
4	OK so the bf is a few years younger than I. Just a tad. OK. So, he's 17 years younger. Oh my god! I'm like, a gay male cougar. I'm a manther! Anyway. I digress. A bunch of his same aged buddies wanted to meet at Kobalt. Rickie and I arrived first and discovered a bright, well kept, no dartboards kinda bar. No smell of stale beer. No problem finding a parking spot. It was actually. Civilized. And it's a gay bar in Phoenix? Wow! After having a few rounds of drinks and perhaps forgetting that I was the elder of the group, one of them exclaims...."Yea. This place is pretty cool. Too bad there's so many guys over 40 here." Wow. I was one of those guys. But, hey! What? just because some of the hair on my head has made its way into my ear canal and lower back. And just because I  know Harvey Milk was a slain gay rights activist and not a type of dairy beverage. I can't have a place with a piano, a granite bar and a barstaff that truly knows how to make a Gibson. Thanks Kobalt. I'm blue no longer.
4	I have sucha great time when I go to Kobalt.  It must be something they put in the drinks or maybe it's the 9th drink or maybe it's the good company.  This gay bar is my kind of gay bar.  I sang karaoke here once and once only-- it seemed I was surrounded by "die hards"-- well I sang the Locomotion and I really thought I was Kylie Minogue but I was more like 8 year old Miley Cyrus singing my little heart out.  I think they faded the song about 1/2 way thru to get me to give up the mic.  My friend lured me away with a fresh drink.  This place is fun, easy going and the patio is big and welcoming.  I'll be back for sure!
5	Gay bar or not, this place is awesome! It pretty much fits all of my criteria for a perfect bar: Clean, good/affordable drinks, private patio, friendly staff, respectful patrons, has karaoke, makes it easy to get a cab home. We went on a Tuesday night first and foremost to sing karaoke (we had been at Durant's for dinner and found this to be a pretty doable walk from there) but ended up having an even better time than expected. There was a whole list of specialty martinis that are only $5 (all the time!) - we tried the Espresso Martini, Lemon Drop, Black Cherry Cosmo, and all of them were delicious! They were also featuring $2.50 well drinks during karaoke. The bartender was so nice; after pouring our specialty martinis, she even gave us the shakers so we could refill! I *love* when places do that! The karaoke crowd did feature some serious singers, which was nice for us, because karaoke is pretty much the only time we sing these days (we sang together in college), but there were also people just looking to entertain the crowd and have a great time. A really good mix, all told (not too die-hard serious or too sloppy). The KJ himself was also good and kept things moving along nicely. The only negative was that the sound system wasn't great - what Nadia C thought was them fading her out was probably just the sound system being funky because it did that for most of the night. When we finally decided to head out and asked the bartender to call us a cab, she was super nice about it, and the cab was there within 5 minutes. Bonus points for Kobalt for making it easy for people to get home safely - a lot of karaoke bars we've been to in the past made us wait so long for a cab that we were exhausted and a little bit irritable by the time we left. All in all, this is a great spot and definitely worth checking out if you love karaoke and want to sing in a really clean, brightly decorated, and friendly environment.
3	I went here with a friend on a Saturday night .  We were going to a fund-raiser for the Phoenix Metropolitan Men's Chorus, it was Gong Karaoke.  The bar its self is tucked away in an unassuming complex of office and retail/restaurant space.  The patio juts out onto the sidewalk so you can hear the buzz on your walk from the covered parking structure.  Once inside I found a long narrow bar with a wall of windows exposing the outdoor patio -it makes the space seem not as tight.  In the far corner is a niche with a few bar height tables and a TV monitor.  It was there they were orchestrating the Gong Karaoke.  The bar had good service, friendly bartenders, moderate drinks and prices.  However, it was the Men's Chorus that were the stars of the evening.  Absolutely the best karaoke I've been too -and believe me I've suffered through many at gay bars.  If you haven't been to one before, go!  The Chorus was fabulous.  The MC's were hilarious as they exchange silly banter back and forth and worked the crowd for donations.  That said, my experience here was definitely colored by the Chorus fund-raiser.  I will go again although not sure what are the best nights.  By the way the bathroom is horrendous! Hold it if you can.
3	(3 1/2 stars.) As previous posters have stated, Kobalt smells like a movie theater. The smell of popcorn is the first thing I noticed when I walked in the door. There are cute little bowls every few feet on the bar as well. You REALLY want me to have some popcorn with my gin and tonic, don't you, Kobalt? Well, alright. Don't mind if I do.This place is alright. It's near the light rail, although it's still really hard to find if you're not sure where you're going. You'll have to walk across a parking lot and into a office (I think?) plaza to get to the bar. But hey, think of it as an adventure. The ambiance of the place is kind of goofy, in my opinion. Lots of neon blue lighting against steel surfacing. This mixed with the delectable aroma of Orville Redenbacher's Butter Lovers was sort of an odd overall vibe. But hey, I'm not complaining. The drinks were good, service was good, and the crowd was good. I may not go out of my way to hang out at Kobalt but I'd certainly go back if presented the opportunity.
4	Yes it smells like popcorn.  But do you expect a gay bar to smell like popcorn?  Not really.  Vomit?  Possibly.  Bad cologne?  Definitely.  Sin?  Almost certainly.  But not popcorn.That being said, it's kinda cool.  Who doesn't like popcorn?  Popcorn and beer is a real winner, though I'd think twice before garnishing my appletini with it.  And I know that many of the patrons want to maintain their girlish figure.I went on karaoke night.  And apparently, gay karaoke isn't like regular karaoke.  Everyone sings like they're on American Idol.  And they do it well.  I don't think I've ever heard "Rent" sung at a karaoke bar before, but here it was great.  I almost felt like I was on Broadway.  And they had started selling popcorn.But even with the unsettling karaoke experience, I really liked this place.  It had a neighborhood bar feel to it.  Like everyone there knew each other.  The patio was nice, even if it is crammed into the back end of a strip mall and the only view is a jamba juice.  It's hard to find, but that just weeds out the scenester queens who only come to see and be seen. Bottom line: want to hang out with some friends and have a good time?  This is the place.  Want to cruise for a 19 year old twinkie?  Find someplace else.
4	This bar is pretty fun and more laid back than some others in the Valley. It's a little hard to find, tucked behind some restaurants in Park Central Mall. All in all it's a little small, but it's cozy. They have a nice shaded patio with ample seating, so smokers can take their drinks outside. They do serve free popcorn as so many others have noted. Personally, I think it's a great place to go for lazy day drinking on a Saturday afternoon. It's populated, but not packed during the day. All in all it's clean, light rail accessible, laid back and has nice decor. The drinks aren't overly priced and they offer entertainment on some nights.
4	Went here last night, and the drinks were fantastic and cheap! Bartender was very friendly, and so were the staff.  The patio has a very nice lounge setting, and is very relaxing.. its nice to find a place near downtown Phoenix, where one can just sit and listen to activities that are going on inside, from outside!  I will be back for sure! Thank for a great time.
4	First let me say, that as a straight guy, I'm always a little apprehensive about going to gay bars for karaoke.  I know! I know! But my wife and I enjoy singing and have found it difficult to find places with decent sound systems that also have a decent catalogue of music, so I deal with it.  I've been to Kobalt twice now, the first time with my wife, and last night with a group of friends.  We had a lot of fun both times.  The music selection is one of the best we've found, although the sound system can be a little "off".  Sometimes the feedback can get a little strong on the wireless microphones.  I guess we're just spoiled by our regular karaoke haunt, and our hostess who mixes the music so you sound really good.  Here, it's just you and music baby!I have to say, the crowd at Kobalt is really different (in a good way) than some of the other bars in town.  The patrons are very friendly, and very respectful (well, everyone except for the guy that told our friend she was built like a "Brick Sh!thouse!"  I'm pretty sure he was just trying to tell her in his own way that she looked very lovely, which she did).  But seriously, that was a one-off and you get those in every crowd.   The bartender is really nice, very attentive, and remembered what we ordered from last week.  Huge props and huge tips!  The Karaoke host is great.  Works in new singers in a timely fashion and makes sure everyone has a good time.  There's been a lot of talk about the smell of popcorn in previous reviews.  It's true; they have a popcorn machine by the patio door.  I've never tried it, but there's only been crumbs left when we got there both times so I guess it goes good with beer, apple martini's or whatever your choice of drink may be. I didn't find the smell overwhelming though, as some have said.As for the catalogue, they have plenty to choose from.  You'll find a nice selection of country, rock, and of course...Showtunes!  You're almost guaranteed to hear Rent, Phantom, All that Jazz and plenty of old standards by Sinatra and the rest of the Pack.  FTW!It was a little difficult to find at first, but if you drive around to the North side of the building, you can park under the structure and you'll see the sign in the breezeway.  I give Kobalt 4 out of 5 stars only because they don't have karaoke on a night when I don't have to get up early for work the next morning.  If you're ever in the neighborhood, check it out!
4	Kobalt is one of my favorite gay bars in Phoenix.  Unfortunately, I don't get out all that often, but when I go here, I always have fun.  This is one of the best-looking bars in Arizona, with really nice decor and attentive staff.  Hidden inside of an old shopping mall, it's a little hard to find, but it's worth the trek.  Speaking of Trek, "make it so, Number One."
4	Perhaps the best part of accepting my promotion at work 2 weeks ago was it brought me that much closer to Kobalt and their wicked martinis. If I wasn't expected to focus on auditing CIP for new accounts, this would be my lunch destination every day. But, alas, I must be responsible and keep a clear mind so the other bankers will hate me for being a bitch about silly bank policies and regulations instead of thinking I'm just a sloppy drunk, so I refrain from visiting Kobalt during business hours. After those hours expire, however, I'm fair game. Kobalt is a great location for the after-work wind down that makes us all pleasant people once we walk through the front door at home, and I'm not ashamed to admit that it's a result of Kobalt that I've been excessively receptive at home when I would otherwise be skulking from a tedious day in the office. So far, I've not been disappointed in the drinks. The fact I can seriously walk there from my office is just icing on the cake. If I thought G&D was going to tilt the scales in favor of being a lush, it has nothing on the grasp of Kobalt. I give myself willingly to your libations.
5	Friday Hot SpotI think the crowd during Friday Happy Hour is nice and talkative. Come out and get to know Gay Men in PHXIf anything, you can enjoy the little one that runs around taking your drink orders. Gina & Andy are great at remembering your drink order also.
4	First, I must say....freaking great martinis.  Now for the review.  Not that I'm ancient, but it seems that the crowd was much younger than I remember. I always preferred the older crowds but it really isn't that important to me. What I look for is friendly people who just want to have fun. There is plenty of that here. I was there on Friday after work. It was about 8 pm and there was barely room to move. I could only stay for one drink but found I had to force myself to leave....early flight ;-( Anyway, this place has something for everyone.  Everyone was pretty friendly.  A few creepers around - just staring at people - but that is to be expected at any gay bar as far as I'm concerned.  The music wasn't really my style but could tune it out. I'm just not a fan of the wailing diva trash but I have yet to find that gay bar that plays Phish, Gogol Bordello, or Galactic - LOL. Ah, but that is my burden to bear.....
1	Stopped by last evening and sat at the bar for nearly 15 minutes being ignored by the two bartenders.  The guy next to me was served and then the bartender went out to smoke.  He watched me as i walked the length of the bar to leave.  Called them today thinking they might like some feedback, but never heard from them.  Was I too old?  Wrong shirt?  Many other bars in town seem happy to take my money.  I suggest you take your business elsewhere.
4	Nice little place. The staff is VERY friendly and helpful. Prices are great however this crowd is a older crowd. Not a biggie for me since I'm female and Hetero, however my gay traveling companion mentioned it. But he himself like the people as well. Not that busy for a Saturday night.  However I am from CA and our bars are always packed.  Phoenix appears to be a sleepy town. :(One note to those who have not been there before its located in the middle of a strip mall on the other side of a parking garage. It was a little difficult for us to find. However we where slightly drunk and on foot.
4	I dont know what it is about this place, but I always seem to have a good time. I like the way its set up. Their prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly. The people who go here are nice. FYI: They have 2 dart boards if you are in to that.
4	This is the type of bar you hit first on the bar crawl nights. It's fun, the bartenders are super friendly and attentive, and the crowd is a big mish-mash of young, old, ethnicities, skinny, fat, skinny fat and what not. It almost feels like an intimate neighborhood bar at times. However, it seems each time I've gone in on the weekends, the place clears out around 10-1030 when everyone heads to a dance club. Still it's fun, especially Thursdays when they have a trivia night. I miss my old team, Anal Beads & Things. Plus, it's right off the light rail between the stops for Osborne and Thomas, so you can ride there, go home, or ride to one of the bars on the light rail path!
4	A good ol' neighborhood Gay bar, nested in the back of Park Central Mall Cheap Drinks, Friendly service, and walking distance from the light rail.
4	Been here many times and always crazy fun.  Drinks are awesomely strong... It's a little expensive to take a cab home from here ($89.00) but waaaayyyyy cheaper than a DUI.  The crowd is straight friendly and my wife loves all the attention. We've been several times and will continue to go back again and again.
4	Nice little bar located in a outdoor mall like complex downtown. We were in town for a softball tournament and stayed at the Hilton, so this bar was just a few minute walk away. Nice.  Stopped in there about 3 times during our weekend stay just to grab drinks when we had a spare few minutes.  Bartenders were friendly and quick to serve.  Drinks were on the strong side. NICE!  It had a fun little patio...but unfortunately we were in Phoenix during some weird cold/rainy weather so it wasn't as enjoyable as it should have been.  Overall Kobalt is a nice little hangout bar....which is just my type of bar :o)
3	I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt by giving it 3 stars. We stopped in on the Saturday of PHX Pride weekend. There was about 20 people total here. While it was a chill place to chat with friends.  I was surprised more people weren't here avoiding the crowds at popular stops like Amsterdam or Charlie's, especially on Pride weekend just blocks from hotels sponsoring the weekend.  I wasn't drinking but my friends raved that they poured a strong cocktail.
4	This is my new favorite Thursday night place!  Bar tenders are super nice, and the environment is friendly and inviting.  You can meet all sorts of different types of people!  Funny how trivia tends to bring people together!Love the place!  Keep up the good work!
5	This is a great little neighborhood bar. The staff is super friendly and fun to hang with. They make you feel right at home. My softball team went there while in town for a tournament and they were more than accommodating - especially when such a large group shows up all at once. They even slipped us some tokens for free games of darts when we indicated we were gonna play. If you stop in Phoenix I would definitely recommend spending a few of your gay dollars here...
4	So me and "D" were at George and Dragon and I was not having fun with the weak drinks, so we searched on our phone for someplace else to go. He suggested a gay bar. I'm not saying he might be gay but is that odd for a straight man to request?.....So we drove less than a mile over to this gay bar called KOBALT.  It was a bit hard to find, it's right off Central but we circled the mall and couldnt find it, then we went down this little side road near the parking garage and it was in the middle of the strip mall area. There were lots of lesbian looking chicks sitting in there so I felt right at home. No I'm not lesbian but I get mistaken for one all the time.The bartenders were SUPER friendly and nice which was a nice change from GnD, I ordered a jaeger/red bull and it was STRONG so I officially fell in love with the place. I want that to be our new hangout spot. It was soooo gay. Video of half naked male models on the screen, and posters of drag queen shows. Oh I love it. I am a huge f-hag. They had a special "end of the world" shot drink for $3. It's a small place but I love the patio. I danced the whole time all by myself on the patio in front of "D"as he sat on the floral patio furniture. They played Erica Badu, D'Angelo and Jason M'Raz on the jukebox. I love this place.I felt wierd touching/making out with "D" in there (is it okay for straight people to make out in a gay bar?), so we kinda kept that to a minimum even though I wanted to crawl up him and have sex on the patio furniture. The place kind of lends it self to wanting to have sex. Or maybe that's just me.He said his dirty martini was delicious and very strong. I recommend this place to everyone, it's my new hang out spot from now on.
5	went back to Kobalt last Thursday for Trivia night and I'm telling you this place is a blast. Trivia cost $5 per team. Bring 5 people on your team you guys only put in $1 each. You can win over $100The questions were hard, I didn't know the answers to any of them, haha good thing I didn't get on a team.Had a $3 mojito though, so good. love this place
2	This bar is hit or miss. I wouldn't recommend going here with the intention of meeting new people. Most are creepy, cliquy, or bitchy. It's a good place to meet your friends at on the way to another bar. There is a light rail stop near by so it makes traveling to Amsterdam or Charlie's easy.The place is small, but that didn't keep the owner from installing a lighting system intended for a dance floor even though they only play dance music sometimes; the whole concept is pretty half baked.
4	Love going to Kobalt on Thursdays for Trivia Night. The competition is fierce (but I think some of them cheat...smart phones I'm looking at you!)! Can't tell you how many times we've been SO CLOSE to winning...then don't. Trivia Night is definitely good for groups if you're looking to laugh, have some drinks, and eat some complimentary popcorn.  Gina, who hosts Trivia Night,  is a riot and a master on the bar. The only downside is sometimes Kobalt is pretty dead and you're stuck having to make polite conversation with that weird bar person who just can't take a hint that they should go away. However, that doesn't make the drinks or the company (that you came with) any less enjoyable!
4	Had a blast there for Karaoke Sunday. Adorable boys and even with a terrible voice I felt right at home singing. Good crowd, good setting, great bartenders. Go if you get the chance.
4	Love, love, love, love, love Kobatl! Ron & Gina are awesome bartenders! Oh, and Drewbie too! And Arturo, and.... well, just about everyone. :-) Kobalt is not a wild crazy party place (most of the time) but it is one of my favorite places to sit down and have a great cocktail or martini. I rarely drink beer, but they have a decent selection of it, bottles only though, no tap. My favorite thing about the bar, besides the friendly (and often hot) staff is the atmosphere. It's located in Park Central mall, right off the Osborn light rail stop, so super easy to get to and super safe to get home (don't risk a DUI! Take the train!) if you live near a light rail stop. There's also a bike rack out front, I love riding my bike down Central to Kobalt (maybe stopping at Hula's for a bight to eat first, but that's another review). Careful leaving your bike overnight if you get too drunk though... I've had a wheel, seat and eventually the entire bike stolen. BUT that was 3 incidents and I had left it there overnight many times. Helpful hint: if you're too drunk to ride, call Discount and ask for a minivan cab, they're the same price and they have room for your bike! Some cab drivers will take it in their trunk too, but not all (the Kobalt bartenders won't mind asking the cabbie when they call though). The atmosphere is great because it has WINDOWS!!! A LOT of them. The exterior walls are all glass, ceiling is high/vaulted and glass too. So there is a very open, atrium feeling. Great place to day drink because you can enjoy the fact that there is daylight and you're not just sitting in some dank, dark, windowless cave. The vibe is definitely more upscale than many Phoenix gay bars, but without any air of pretention or snobbery. Their Patio is great, possibly my favorite in PHX, definitely in the top 3. (Bunkhouse and Bar 1 being the other two) I don't smoke, but I love sitting out there when the weather is nice. A large portion of it is covered, so it's great on the few rainy evenings we get.As far as entertainment goes... (which is something I wrote a lot about in another review) I think this is where Kobalt falls a little short. I hate saying that because I really don't want to say anything bad about the place, but there's not much to see or do but chat with the friendly bartenders if you're there by yourself. (Although Kobalt gets a decent crowd so the bartenders are usually pretty busy) They have some good-sized TVs, but they're usually on a TV station with the sound off and captions on, or they're playing a closed-circuit loop promoting the bar's events, or a slideshow of previous events and fun staff photos.  Sound system at Kobalt is good, and they usually play good music, so that's a plus. There's also a jukebox (which you can control remotely via iPhone or Android! Cool geek factor) But that's about it. They do some shows, I love it when I catch T.C. Taylor there! She is awesome! But I don't really think it's a regular thing, since they have no real stage or dressing area like The Rock or Ice Pics. I guess what I'm trying to say when it comes to entertainment at Kobalt is: Bring Friends. It's one of the best places to sit with a group of friends and chat and drink, but kind of boring if you're on your own. Oh! I will say though, on the entertainment front... one of my FAVORITE places for Karaoke! They have Karaoke 2 nights a week (I think) The crowd is hit or miss, sometimes there's a ton of people and sometimes just a few, but the rotation usually goes pretty fast, so you get plenty of chances to sing. The bartenders usually sing too, Drewbie and Kela (I hope I spelled that right) are great! :-) They're sound system is perfect for Karaoke, they have some of the best mics in town, and everyone just seems to sound better there. Kind of like singing in the shower, but you can keep your clothes on. (Which is kind of a shame because some hot boys go there, and work there!)Crowd varies widely at Kobalt... young, old, gay, lesbian, etc. Really depends on the night. Friday happy hour is their biggest night and it is usually packed with very attractive guys! Fridays get really crowded, you'd think it was New Year's Eve or something! Other nights are just right, not too slow so you're sitting by yourself in an empty room, but not too crowded that you can't move. So in conclusion (Finally! And thank you if you made it to the end of this) Kobalt is a great place to go with friends (or make new ones, I find most people that go there are receptive and friendly, except for the snotty 20-something's that think they're hot, but they only show up on Friday nights).:-)
3	Since this place is hit or miss, I encourage you to go on a Friday night even as early as 6pm. A group of decent looking guys of all types and ages gather here to start off their weekend.Try and get Drewbie as your bartender, he's cute and friendly.
4	Nice "local" bar. All the bartenders are friendly and pour a great drink. This place doesnt have the drama that most gay bars have.
3	I have wondered into the Kobalt bar a handful over times, usually around 1a.m. after work or with some friends after they get off work. The atmosphere is pretty cool, nothing too exciting, the patio furniture could use a face lift, their drink prices are very attractive, and the bathrooms are clean. Every time we stop by the place looks closed. The patio twinkle lights are either burned out or turned off, if you just drove by you would think they were closed, until you hear the laughs and cackles coming from the bar. It is nice to see another bar like the one I work at that is tucked in the back and you wouldn't know it was there unless you knew it was there. Also, it is nice it being a mostly guy bar, that a straight couple can wonder in and not feel uncomfortable. Kobalt is 50/50 for me, 50% good and enjoyable and 50% needs some work. We have always had a good time here though. I think I remember doing karaoke here one night, I was a little more than buzzed at the time so its a little fuzzy. Check them out, I am sure you will have fun too.
5	It is the coolest place around.
4	I had a great time there.  Walking into the smell of popcorn is orgasmic.  That... was... amazing. We went last night and I guess the "Brides of March" bar crawl had started there earlier. The bartender was attentive and knew his stock like the back of his hand. He gave service with a smile which is unprecedented in the Phoenix bar scene.  We went with a same sex couple but it was obvious there were some glares towards us "breeders".  No problem, I am not into screwing up safe places for others to drink.  We stayed for a beer and then went on our way.  I would have no problem going back, but don't want to mess up the ratio, if you know what I mean.
5	Ahhhh... Kobalt. That's where the grown sexy folks hang out. Did you know it won an award for best lesbian bar (2nd place, I think)? For a gay bar, that alone speaks volumes. The location is very accommodating; from the great covered parking lot to the proximity to the light rail station, you could have a great time laughing, talking and drinking on the patio and not worry about pissing off the neighbors or the cops. But its interior is what you should come for. The bartenders are genuinely brilliant people. They look you in the eyes, smile, and welcome you like your enjoyment is a priority. There's always something going on, either karaoke, trivia nights, darts or great conversations. The Wed. night drag shows are pretty good too. As for food, there are nice restaurants a few meters away and fast food around the corner. Breathe easy and know everything is going to be alright. Just ask Gina, Drew, Travis, Abel, Kela or anyone else there.
5	There is no place like Kobalt.  Since the day it opened, I've always felt at home here.  From the staff to just the all around feel of this place is what makes it. Don't let it's location in Park Central Mall fool you.  I know it seems like a strange place to have a bar, but it just seems to work.  Plus you never have to worry about parking. The staff here are what make this place special. Friendly, engaging and they make a great drink. That's for the great times!
4	Nice bar... Usually the happy hour go to spot!
1	So this place is designed for people who are ready to just chill. Stay within the lines and not get rowdy. I like to have a good time. Not get out of line and disrespect anyone. Having fun with friends and being the only black male in the bar proved to be to my detriment. Not only did the bartender ignore me and turn his back to me as I tried to speak to him. He also told me not to talk to him. I'm sorry, you are a bartender, people need to give you a order.  This guy got upset once I told him I will not tolerate disrespect and told me to stop shitting on his bar. I'm sorry y'all I'm not the one. I'm not a piece of shit. I am highly educated and by no means a ignorant fool. This is not the type of establishment I would return to. I would not recommend it to anyone of color. If I could give it negative stars I would.
2	It use to be a cool place, It's gone down hill just a little, It's slow to get a cocktail, And really smokey at the bar because the doors to the outside are not closed so the smoke outside rolls in. " we are our of here"
1	Stopped in yesterday for a couple of G&T's. Paid my tab of $9.50 which the receipt indicated was owed and left a tip.  The next day a charge showed up as $25.00 to my debit card.  Talk about up-billing!  It is 150+% of tab stated on the receipt.  Needless to say I won't go back, what a unscrupulous business practice.
1	After posting my billing experience at Kobalt.  One dAy later my bank indicated a revised debit occurred.  I need to make the Public aware this occurred.
4	Great bar! So much fun. There are a lot of fun people to meet there. It can get crowded but it's a nice place to go every now and then.
1	Waited 2 hours to sing. Never got called! Could it be the Latino names? Yet Tyler and Miles got called like 2-3 times. Just saying... :(
1	Horrible! Read on the internet that this was a great place. Sadly it is dead and boring. Not where I would recommend on a Saturday night. Bartenders seem like they could care less about their patrons.
4	This place is great if you have friends who want to go or if you're ready to drunk Friday night. The bartendress Gina (sp?) makes great Poach Long Islands. 3 of those and you'll be happier than the hour! ;)Only downside: it's a bit small and loud for my usual Friday night drink.
