5	My best friends in the world, past and present, have come from the Humane Society.  Multiple experiences with this Sunnyslope location have shown me that they are full of wonderful, caring staff, much of which operates on volunteer basis.They've always been clean (as much as possible) and friendly, and even if their rules are a pain to me, such as waiting for them to get ahold of a former apt complex before they'd let the cat go home with me, those rules are designed for the best interest of the most pets possible.I've dealt with the dog, cat, and little critter depts, and had positive experiences with them all, as far as adoptions.  I've also dealt directly with the vet and vaccinations offices, and had positive experiences with everything from simple shots to euthanasia.Previous reviewer Kate G has had a single experience that, while sounding horrible, is also only giving one side of the story.Her one star review is not a fair assessment of the kind of situation that she put the shelter in, and how they were forced to deal with it. Bringing any new animals into the shelter, stray or not, is dangerous, and quaranteen-like circumstances exist.  They have rules to follow, and they have to be very strict about them for the protection of other animals already in the shelter. Going through the volunteer orientations should have given a chance for this concept to be learned and its importance understood, but I guess not.  I can see how it would be hard to understand what happened if you just plain don't understand what happened, but this shelter does not deserve to be unilaterally slandered like this.  She gave up responsibility for the pups to AZHS because she didn't want to take on that responsibility herself; with that responsibility, AZHS made what they determined to be the best decision for the pups and all other animals in their shelter - to put them down. Sad, yes, but likely altruistic on the whole.AZHS brought me some of my best friends, and although like any organization they must be kept in check, the services received at this place are really wonderful.
5	AZ Humane Society Thrift Store is a place to find some really great things at some really low prices. They have a lot of things, in my opinion even more of a variety then other thrift stores. From books to tv's to dog food to clothes to furniture and much more.Most of all, I love that when I shop there my money is going to someplace where its really needed.
5	I donate plenty of items here because it's such a fabulous cause, and after the last time, I got a personal thank-you letter from the manager. Very classy, and a nice touch -- two thumbs (paws) up.
5	I took my dawgie to get Spayed here on the cheap. They did a GREAT job and even followed up with a call the following day just to make sure she was okay! Big ups!
5	Okay, in reality, the thrift shop is probably 3.5 stars, but how can you deny 5 stars to a cause that tries to undo the effects of man's stupidity.  Spay and neuter your pets people, and for the love of St Francis, stop treating your pets like property and disposing of them when they get too big or they become a little destructive, or you move!  Does that work with kids?  "Hello, orphanage.  I'd like to turn in little Betty.  We thought she would stay a baby, but we caught her coloring on our walls, and now we have to rent an apartment that won't take her."End spiel.I've actually donated to the thrift shop a few times.  In fact, on this trip, I took several boxes of stuff and while we wandered the thrift shop, it was already being unpacked in the back.  Not sitting in the box for the next 3 months.  So, some good stuff here and some not so good stuff like any thrift shop, and prices are appropriate.  As I understand, they also have an eBay store where donations of more substantial value are auctioned.  And I love that this shop has a pretty large pet section where you can buy food, supplies, and toys (all new) at a decent savings.  Great for people who need the savings and for those who would rather pay the Humane Society for a new collar rather than Walmart.  I do wish they had a pick up service, however, for large donations.  But I understand it's costly.Such a great cause that I think I'll go through my husband's stuff and downsize him!
5	I adopted my dog from here (via a PetSmart in the north valley) about 11 years ago.  She is doing great. I regularly donate to the AZ Humane Society annually (among other non profit shelters).  I love their pet telethon each year.  A great way to promote pet adoption for sure.Keep up the great work volunteers and staff!
1	The Arizona Humane Society does not rate in my opinion.  I would recommend that animal lovers support any of the other worthy animal welfare organizations.
5	We adopted a pup (4 month old Australian cattle dog mix) and this place is super clean and does not have a bad smell like many other places we have been.  They offer a great service for a great value.  We paid $160 for a pup that has up to date shots and neutered and even an electronic chip.  They gave us a full run down and all the paperwork that the dog had previously.  We really enjoyed the experience and felt good about going with a rescue this time.
5	Went here yesterday for two reasons-- to look at the dogs (we're going to get one soon!) and to check out the thrift store.The thrift store is very, very reasonable and stocked pretty darn well. I found a really cute summer dress for $5, a price very worth it for something I need AND that goes to supporting the Humane Society!Lots of cool stuff for pets-- kitty condos and scratchers, plus dry dog and cat food (along w/ some wet, too)... dog teeth cleaning stuff, plus collars for cats and dogs.They have a large children's sections (clothes, shoes, some toys), lots of cookbooks, and a pretty solid sized housewares section. Everything seemed well-priced and the ladies working the front desk were very pleasant.We then visited the dog, then the cat section, and I LOVED it! I've been to other shelters that put the more aggressive dogs out with the quiet dogs, and the result is loud pandemonium. The AZ Humane Society at this location separates the loud dogs from the quiet dogs (or so it seems... it could have been nap time ;) so the BF and I were able to spend a lot of time with each dog, really getting to watch them and read their biographies. The set up was very conducive to adopting a dog :)The cats section was just as nice-- the kitties have a lot of room to roam, so it seems, and most looked well fed, clean, and happy (save for the poor little kitties whose tails were cut off, or had been found as strays).Definitely a worthy place to support, and well worth a trip to check out the thrift store as well. I'm happy to support the AZ Humane Society!
3	Decent staff and experience for turning in a stray.
2	I do not want to discourage people from adopting pets from the Humane Society, but I do want to encourage questions. Ask lots of questions please, and demand to read their records before making a decision. I recently adopted a little cat from the Humane Society. I could tell she was scared, but she sat on my lap and let me pet her and even purred. The volunteer helping me told me they were euthanizing cats because there were too many of them and that this little kitty had been in custody since February and in a cage for 4 weeks. She went on about how depressed kitty was, and of course this tugged on my heart strings and all I wanted to do was save little kitty and give her tons of love and get her out of there before she was euthanized.The flyer on her cage described her as "a little shy". Well, after I signed the papers and they boxed up kitty, they opened her records and did a skim read to me before handing them over. They mentioned that she was brought in with kittens and was fostered and had 2 colds, which they assured me she was treated and cured. I mentioned something about euthanasia and then they told me that wouldn't have happened to little kitty- only cats surrendered when they were to capacity were at risk. It bothered me that the stories weren't matching up, but I decided not to make a big deal about it.I didn't read the records in detail  until I got home. I get home and let little kitty out and she's still scared, which is normal, but I'm petting her, she's purring and then all of the sudden she bites me- and draws blood. I'm a little shocked. I have adopted a couple cats from the shelter and I've never experienced this. Anyhow, I decide to read through her records and see that she attacked the staff and had to be put in 24 hour chill and she was noted as having behavioral issues- she was also netted twice. This was all in the paperwork that the worker was supposedly going over and explaining to me at the time of the adoption. Interesting that all of this was skipped- I think it's pretty important information, not just for the sake of letting a person know what they are getting into, but for safety reasons.I just lost a cat, and perhaps it was too soon for me to adopt a new one, but I could have handled it. However,I wasn't prepared for this. I'm in such a stressful situation now. I have this wild kitty, that really is sweet, but needs someone more experienced with wild kitties to take care of her. I can't take her back to the Humane Society, because they are to capacity and I fear they will put the cat down since she bites- but I really don't want an unpredictable cat that bites. (She got me again last night and drew blood).I'm so angry that this information was NOT disclosed and was INTENTIONALLY looked over. Someone might have adopted this cat knowing the truth, someone that has more experience with shy little wild kitties. But it's wrong to withhold important information like this, and I now feel incredibly burdened by this cat. I'm just about in tears daily over it- because I feel guilty that I lack the understanding a cat like this needs, and I don't know what to do, because I think she would make a fine pet for someone with experience.In addition, to all this- the cat was in fact still sick and ended up giving the illness to my other cat. This cost me over a $100 and my other cat has a condition already, so this was scary for me.So... what do I do now? I'm afraid to give the cat to just anybody, as I fear the first time she bites they'll get rid of her, but I really don't want her because I'm not good with this type of cat personality and I don't want a cat with this type of personality.I'm just pissed off that this is now MY burden because of the dishonesty of the Humane Society. It really sucks.As a disclaimer, she is a really cute little cat and she does like pets and has chilled out quite a bit- but still... not what I signed up for.
4	All my animals that have been apart of my life have come from being adopted from Arizona Humane Society.  My last mut was only $35 to adopt but he's truly a mut so if I didn't adopt him I don't think anyone would have LOL nonetheless he's my little guy.I like the AZ Humane Society because I know the animals are well cared for and have been given all the up to date shots that they need.  They are netured and given a wellness exam plus you get get complimentary medicine if needed for the common colds that animals can catch at places like these.  You also get a free basic office visit at participating veternarians.Sadly, if you have to put one of your animals down like I did about eight months ago you can do it here much cheaper than at a vet who charge astronomical prices to euthanize.I don't get how death of a loved one and or animal is such big business.
5	This is where I got my wonderful dog, Tomko in 12/2008. I would like to find out about volunteering to help the dogs, cats and other creatures who are cared for by the humane society. My dog is the best friend I have.
1	Last summer my wife and I adopted a kitten from Arizona Humane Society.  Everything was fine, we took him for his shots and all looked good.A couple months ago he started acting sick.  We took him to our normal vet and they put him on some anti-botics.  A few days later he was no better.  I returned to my vet and they x-rayed him and found his chest was filling up with fluid.  Our vet said he had one of the incurable cat diseases and that he had it from birth.  We had to put him to sleep.I will not get another pet from this place or support them financially because they do a poor job of testing the animals they put up for adoption.  It's sad enough to loose a pet, but one so young and who we had taken into our hearts still hurts.
1	My friend and I went here looking for a kitten and there were only adult cats. We didn't find what we were looking for which is fine, it happens. I went into the "turn in" center to ask if they take in stray cats. As I was about to walk out, I saw a guy with a cage full of small kitties. I proceeded to ask the man if he was adopting them and where he got them from, when one of their idiot volunteers shouts across the room telling me I can't speak with someone turning in animals. I gave him my death stare and told him I didn't know their rules and he was like "yea, you can't talk to them" still shouting from across the room in front of everyone! I got mad and walked out.I already disliked AHS before this incident and this makes me dislike them even more. I feel sorry for the animals that belong to a crappy organization like them. My donations are not going to your awful organization. I strongly discourage people not to donate money to them!
5	I just adopted a kitty from here that was a stray, and I found the people working here could not be nicer, more helpful and friendly.  They will give you any information you need, and you will leave with a packetful of information about your kitty and raising it, free first visit to be checked, free second shot (kitty will already be neutered and spayed and have it's first shot), and suggestions about your kitty.These people care.  I would never hesitate to get an animal from them, and found the dogs' cages and cats' cages very clean and lacking much stink.  Love this place!
5	Heading to the park on Sunday I found a little dog that was all alone.  I watched it and no one was with it.  It was matted with some wood ticks on it, thirsty and hungry.  Get it water and food and brought it in.  I had a "chip" in it so they tracked the owner down really fast.  Felt good to save the little guy before the intense AZ heat sets in.  Thank for the great speedy service taking care of this little dog.
5	I love the Arizona Humane Society !They are the only organization I will adopt my pets from.  The employees are nice and truly care about the animals.  The adoption fees are reasonable and the kennels are always clean.
4	I love AHS. First of all, their facility is awesome - clean, spacious, and very nice for the dogs and cats who have to stay there (hopefully not for too long).  I helped a friend adopt his dog from AHS in December and it was a great experience. There were always volunteers on hand when we were browsing the dogs and once we found a dog that my friend liked, the volunteers were really helpful and knowledgeable when we brought in other dogs to meet the new dog and see if they would be compatible.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because when my friend adopted his dog we noticed that the dog's tail was bleeding at the tip (it's the kind of dog that gets too excited and whacks its tail around until it bleeds). we mentioned this before we took the dog home and the people there told us they would have the vet tech look at it. well, they bring the dog out to us and say "oh, we couldn't find where the tail was bleeding, it must be okay." and they didn't even have the vet tech wrap it in gauze or anything. lo and behold, when we get home the tail is bleeding again. they must not have looked very closely at the tail OR they just wanted us to take the dog home and didn't want to admit the tail was bleeding. luckily, the tail healed within a few weeks and now the dog is fine.
4	I adopted my 2 beloved kitties from the AHS on Hatcher.  I had been to the facility many times over the years and have always found it clean and well maintained. The cages are clean, don't smell and the animals are given bedding, toys and lots of love and attention.  The employees are always very helpful and truly seem to care about the well being of the animals.  They spend quite a bit of time with you going over the responsibilities of pet ownership and give you a package with a lot of helpful information regarding  the animal(s) you are adopting.The only reason I gave my review 4.5 stars is because after I brought my 2 kittens home we realized that they were sick with an upper respiratory infection.  We had been informed by the AHS that there was a virus going around at the time but the on-site vet checked them out and told us they were fine. Luckily, however, the AHS covers most vet visits for the first 30 days after adoption when you bring your new pet to the AZ Humane Society Veterinary Hospital.  We had absolutely no problem getting an appointment and brought my kitties in right away where they took EXCELLENT and OUTSTANDING care of them.  After about a month the infection was cleared up and my kitties are happy and healthy with no problems.
4	Really nice, friendly, helpful staff. The walk in low cost vaccine clinic open on Fridays is a good value, especially if you have multiple pets, but be prepared to wait at least an hour (unless you show up long before they open).
5	We adopted our dog Barkley here. We bought Layla in to do a dog intro in, they were chasing each other around and playing.
5	Donating home made blankets for the Kittys. They save animals. What's not to love?
1	They call it a "request" but the "donation" is mandatory and non-negotiable. They don't tell you this on the website or on the phone, they just surprise you in person. Be prepared to pay! I wouldn't have driven thirty miles to get here if the website was honest about "requesting donations"
5	They do great work here. The heavy lifting. Dealing with an unbelievable volume of neglected pets. They may not have much variety in pets for adoption at the Sunnyslope site, at least not in comparison to their Campus for Compassion in south Phoenix, but you can easily drop in or check online. Just be patient. Unfortunately, there is no end to the steady stream of pets in need of a home. The Campus for Compassion is sooooo far away for North Phoenix and Scottsdale residents. It's nice to have Sunnyslope.Much of the focus at Sunnyslope is on the vital pet fostering program. Much of it very short-term, including care of pets for active military stationed overseas... The medical facility at this location is also extensive.Also a pet thrift store operated for the benefit of the Arizona Humane Society on site.
5	Everyone is so kind and helpful. Being a foster mom has brought so much love and joy to my life. I love it here
