5	Our home was broken into and our sliding glass door shattered.  Davis Glass & Mirror showed up within 45 minutes of my call to board up the slider and measure for new glass.  Considering it was 11:30 p.m. on a Friday night, I thought $275 was very reasonble for them to clean up the huge mess and to board up the area.  Their tech, Vincent, was AWESOME.  He was very particular as well as understanding of our situation.
5	These guys are great. I needed the mirror for one of my closet doors replaced. I called, set up the appt for a quote. The guy showed up on time, gave me an reasonable quote. I gave him half up front and he said he would get it fixed within a week. I got a call within two days from the girl in the office to schedule the install appt. Again, the guy came within the window I was given, installed within 15 min, took the rest of the payment and was on his way. These guys were friendly, professional and on point.
5	Very professional, and easy to work with.  Usually have the window done same day or next day.Competitive prices and excellent work.  They take poor quality windows that others cannot work on.  Highly reccomend them!
5	Usually don't review a business back to back like this, however this is a special case.  I brought a window in on Saturday for a single mother's apartment expecting to get it back Tuesday and they fixed it while I waited.  Unbelievable service.  I literally could not ask for more.
4	We've had to use Davis Glass twice, and unfortunately for the same window (through no fault of their own though).  We live on a golf course, and after 5 years, finally had a window broken by a stray golf ball.  The first time, I called them midweek, and they were out the next day getting measurements.  It only took a couple of days for the glass to come in, and they were very accommodating working around my schedule.  For installation, they were there for less than an hour and they even cleaned up their own mess (brought a shop vac, etc).  Very professional and courteous.The second time around, and less than a month later, the same window got broken.  The first time they replaced the window, they told me they had a plexiglass option that was break resistant.  I was thinking "what are the chances?".  Anyways, I noticed it on a Saturday, and thank goodness they were open.  Since they already had the measurements, they used the same ones, and this time I went with the plexiglass option.  So far so good.  This time around though, I had to call and check on the order.  Since it was plexiglass, it would be ordered on Monday, and should have been in by Thursday.  Didn't receive a call, so I followed up on Friday, and it hadn't been delivered yet - was expected later that day.  Overall, a really good experience.  Prompt with their service, and the installers were prompt and courteous.
2	I really wanted to like this company. The employees are lovely people. Unfortunately, I have had nothing but inconvenience working with them.Over the summer, my dog was playing too rough outside and head-butted our sliding glass door, causing a large spider crack that I haven't had the money to fix until recently. In September, I called Kelly's Glass and Mirror Co, which never took my calls and never returned my messages. At the start of this month, I called Davis because the reviews were so stellar, gave them the dimensions of the door, and was quoted somewhere around $270 for the repair. That Wednesday (October 8), someone came to look at the door and told me that the glass would need to be specially ordered and couldn't be fixed that day. I was quoted a new price of $400 and gave my credit card for a deposit. The repairman told me that it would take three days for the glass to come in and that I would be called when it had been received by Davis.Ten days later, I finally received a call from the company and made an appointment for Friday morning (I teach until 3 and lead an after school activity, so both morning and afternoon appointments are difficult to maneuver). I took work off to be present when the repair person arrived.Two men came promptly at 9:15, removed the cracked door, and spent fifteen minutes outside before coming back inside to tell me that there was "something wrong with the glass" in the new door, and that it would have to be reordered. They then brought the broken glass door back and replaced it. It had two new cracks that hadn't been there before it was removed.I now have to miss the after school activity I lead on the upcoming Wednesday to be present for the next attempt at repair. There have been no offers for a price discount. If the door is repaired successfully on Wednesday, the whole fiasco will have taken a three-week turnaround. The only reason that I didn't give them one star is that the people I've spoken to have been very, very nice; however, that's just not enough to forgive the number of mistakes that have been made and the amount of time I have had to miss work to deal with them.
