4	Are you looking for a quickie wedding in a classy environment on the cheap? Go to the Pop-up Wedding Chapel at the new Cosmopolitan Hotel. For $80 you can get married, get a free fake ring, photos in a booth, and 2 (classy) cans of champagne!
5	On Saturday, Dec 31, 2011 (New Years' Eve) my husband and I renewed our vows at the new "Pop-Up Wedding Chapel" at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.The chapel is located on the casino/strip level of the hotel, directly across from the PBR Grill of Planet Hollywood. It just opened on Dec 28, 2011.The chapel has super large windows, facing the strip, so that tourists can share in your matrimonial joy! I love this chapel because you no longer have to walk deep into a hotel/casino or get in your car and drive far down the strip, in order to get married! Its also very casual, fun, modern, and impromptu.The chapel can be your venue for a new wedding, vow renewal, faux wedding, group wedding, or pet wedding! My husband and I purchased the $80 package for our vow renewal, which included the 20-minute ceremony, a photo from the photo booth (with choice of silly hat), 2 cans of champagne, a certificate, and 2 large eraser rings. There are 2 other packages available, that I'm sure you can research on their website. Its an additional $90 for a new wedding license. The chapel sells fun novelty wedding items, such as t-shirts, emergency kits, and books, for the groom/bride, groomsmen/bridesmaids, etc. Boutonnierres, bouquets, and liquor (to calm your nerves!) are also available for purchase.The ceremony back-drop is a mural of the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign. The aisle is accented by brightly lit, white squares. There are 12 chairs set on each side of the aisle. And there are a couple "fake guests" seated in the chairs. My husband and I selected the "mad-lib" vows, in which we were asked to input answers to a series of questions, into an iPad, about ourselves and our significant other. Then the answers were inserted into a set of pre-made vows in the computer program. The end result was a hilarious, yet personal set of vows! There are also other "themed" vows available.The staff and onlookers hummed our wedding processional for us. However, anyone can bring their iPhone and play their own music. It was really cool because a reporter from the Las Vegas Sun, interviewed me and my husband after our vow renewals, and our names were mentioned in an article about New Years' Eve on the strip. We took tons of photos and video with our phones, took a cute photo in the photo-booth, paid for the ceremony, and were quickly on our way to celebrate New Years' Eve on the Strip!Thank you to the staff at Cosmopolitan's "Pop-Up Wedding Chapel", for making our New Years' Vow Renewal, a memorable one!
