3	There are 2 Starbucks locations in Fashion Show Mall. Weird. This one was decent. Moved pretty quickly and got my Chai Tea Latte on here.
5	I heading here because the person in charge of my class was a cheap ass and didn't supply even crappy coffee for his boring lectures and sub-par presentations. I decided to go outside the box and bring my own damned coffee for the class. I called around to find that this was one Starbucks on the strip that didn't price rape you for the travel box of coffee. I pre-paid my $16.95 after taxes (still wicked high even by Hawaii standards), and asked for it to be ready at 7am.  I was surprised that not only was it ready, it was on the counter when I walked in, with all the trimmings. Fantastic service.
1	Was in line for over 10 minutes with less than 15 people - I honestly thought the wait was going to end there. Unfortunately, it was another 7 minutes for two green tea frappes. So, if you're in a hurry, don't even bother!
3	I love starbucks coffee. Its good and not bad with the price. I just wish they offered Almond Milk! I want unsweetened almond milk lattes!
2	The inside of this Starbucks was the worst I have ever seen. And there were no seats. Weird place.
5	I have nothing but amazing things to say about this location. I work in the mall so I frequent this Starbucks. Today I was especially impressed. Due to a miscommunication I was sold an oatmeal when they were out. Veronica said she'd go to the storage and see if there was any. There wasn't. So she went to another Starbucks, got more oatmeal and called me to let me know when it was ready. Well done Veronica! Well done.
5	This location was in the mall and easy to access via the overpass from the opposite side of the strip. My husband and I ordered plain brewed coffee, but they didn't have anymore of the blonde roast made. The guy said it would be ready in 2 min. We were in kind of a time crunch but stayed....it ended up being more like 10 min but he upgraded my small to a large so no one can complain about that!
1	Did not want to make pour over.i order 2... They made them one at a time.   Their pour over holder can hold 3
4	Everywhere we looked, we spotted Starbucks branches. They seemed to be located every few blocks throughout the city, which, being early risers and coffee drinkers, we found to be very convenient and a very good thing.We made several visits to various Starbucks throughout LV during our recent visit and were very happy with their early opening hours (5:30am - weekdays) and their cheap (US$1.91 w/ tax) tall sized coffee. Further, while not the finest coffee available, the general quality of the brewed coffee in the USA Starbucks branches is noticeably better than what we typically find so we were always pleased to start with our first cup in the mornings.The pastries, cakes and breakfast selections are also very impressive in LV branches, again being so much better than what we have back home. We loved the traditional coffee cake (US$1.65, I believe).Overall, we were very pleased to have so many Starbucks branches available during our recent trip to LV. It made a great place to start the day and to take a rest after many hours of walking, especially when we couldn't find a park to take seat. And lets face it, people watching in mall is a great activity and starbucks is an ideal spot to do this. We stopped several times at starbucks while in LV and will surely do the same during future visits.
4	I like this Starbucks (Fashion Mall location) because it was next to Tix4Tonight and there was a little outdoor cafe area for us to have breakfast and wait for the store opening.  Pricing is standard ... you know it's crazy expensive at the casinos when you think Starbucks is a cheap breakfast option!  The oatmeal is great!  Service the first time we went there was great!  The second time, not as good, as we had to repeat our order no less than 5 times to get it right.  The outdoor seating area is a big plus!
2	Really slow baristas!! Some are standing around !! Maybe they're on break but then , they should hang around where the customers can't see them !!it just looked like a bunch of no good employees ( looks that way) if they're in the same area and it's busy not doing anything
4	Largely unamused by Starbucks, aside from the Reserva Ethiopian Sunroasted Harrar that they carry for ~2 weeks a year, but occasionally in need of a caffeine fix on The Strip where pickings are slim this particular location is a diamond in the rough.  Repulsed by Pikes Place, Blonde, and most of their burned and overroasted beans but generally pleased by a double espresso over a Venti glass of ice during the warm Vegas weather this Starbucks 'bucks the trend of doubling the price (Harrah's and Caesars properties) or charging an extra dollar for a Venti CUP (MGM,) instead billing the customer the same 2.65 as over in Summerlin, in New York, or in BFE Ohio.  Pair this with free Wi-Fi, Strip-side seating to watch the crowds from either the indoor bar or the patio, and generally short lines compared to Fashion Show's indoor Starbucks and the only thing holding this place back from 5* (for a Starbucks) is the single electrical outlet tucked away in the corner.
1	Hands down worst Starbucks experience ever.  They simply have no idea what they are doing.
1	I came to Vegas for my birthday from CA.  I get Starbucks almost EVERYDAY (sometimes twice) I have NEVER left a review but the experience was so bad! When I ordered my drink the barista was VERY short with all 3 of us in line. My mother purchased just drip coffee and went to the counter for cream. The counter and surrounding floor were so dirty with spilt coffee, sugar, we were both grossed out! Found a different Starbucks the next day! Wouldn't go back
2	Went from an A to a B and now to a C. Wasn't displaying the grade for awhile. Now they have their C up. I'm one of over 16 calls to the health board I'm told.
1	The slowest Starbucks in Vegas. Even if there's only one person in front of you they still somehow manage to take forever. Take my advice, Go to coffee bean or walk across the street to a different Starbucks. They have no idea what they're doing.
1	I usually hope that I never have any Starbucks cravings while I'm here because both spots in the mall are by far the crappiest service ever. The barista making drinks gets mad at you if you ask for whipped cream on your drink because the one taking orders didn't mark it on your cup. Overall, each time I've been there it's always sour attitudes morning and night. Not to mention, they are really slow even when there is no line. If you're lucky, you might get that one new person who's smiley and provide great service but the rest are dreadful.
1	I didn't think it was possible for a Starbucks location to make me so angry.Horrible service. Please, please, please do not go to this Starbucks! There are many other locations throughout the strip, so do NOT waste you're time at this grouchy location.I came here to order a venti peach black tea for my mom and a grande iced water with two scoops of matcha for myself.First off, the cashier girl (Tania) doesn't smile at all when greeting customers. When I order the drink she doesn't really listen. She had to ask what I ordered after I finished ordering. When I ordered my drink she said that they don't do that anymore.. I asked if I could just buy the matcha and water and she rudely said no. She asked if I wanted to get something else and I said no and another worker who was standing by her said that they were running really low on matcha powder. So, there was matcha powder available, but I couldn't have any because I didn't order one of their expensive drinks. I am lactose intolerant so I didn't really want to buy a green tea frap, but still wanted matcha.. Instead of suggesting something else for me she just happily talks to coworkers and then once again rudely turns back to me and asks what my name is with a scowl on her face. (I guess it sounded like I said Aylen?) Even if you don't want to give customers iced water with scoops of your matcha powder, you could at least say it nicely. I totally would not care if I was just told that it was their store policy to not serve that, but I just can't believe that Starbucks would hire such unpleasant workers for a customer service position.When you wait for your drink just keep an eye out, because they will not call out your drink or name written on the cup.
1	So, this is the worst Starbucks I've ever been in... And I'm from NYC, where there are Starbucks next door to Starbucks... I've been to most Starbucks on the strip, plus many around the city... The service here is TERRIBLE.. I never put up negative reviews but, the few times I've been to this location were awful. Today just put the icing on the cake. Slow, cranky, bitchy cashier... Ugh. I should have just walked out but my caffeine craving calls the shots before 9 am...  I would like to give this place zero stars, but that's not allowed... So, *disclaimer* i give this place a negative three stars.
1	Worst Starbucks experience ever! Ordered a Venti Peppermint Mocha Frappacino and a Grande Green Ice Tea. The line wasn't super busy when I was there. I got my green tea fairly easily. After a while the place got busy which is understandable since the Fashion Show Mall gets busy. But after 10 minutes of waiting and seeing people after me getting their drinks I saw that my Frappacino was sitting in the blender forgotten. After a failed attempt to get the person making the drinks attention, my boyfriend had to go back to the person on the register to inform them that the frappacino was sitting in the blender for 20 minutes already. By the time I got my drink it was watered down and overall disappointing. Never going to this starbucks again.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER. Waited 26 minutes in line after paying for my soy caramel mocchiatto, then  finding out after asking where's my drink that #1 they're out of soy and #2, they didn't have my order. Poor customer service from manager. I'd Never go back.
1	The outside starbucks of the fashion show mall... sure it's a cute and a nice location however the employees are rude. I understand that the store gets busy however, many other starbucks when I order a caramel frap they usually put whip cream on it. Not just that, also when other customers are getting their drinks before you when you ordered before them. To sum it up if you want whip make sure you tell them when you're ordering and be prepared for customers behind you to get their drinks way before you do.
