4	"Who Yelps about a Blimpie", right? This guy. This location of a moderately big chain of shops is awesome. The staff is super friendly. I'm sure that the sandwich making itself is standardized but I've been to several other Blimpies and subs just taste better here. Even other patrons here seem magically friendly. I don't get it but it's true. My office lunch crew thinks the same. Between injury and vacation, I have not been here in awhile. I will certainly have to remedy that. A Club w/all the veggies, a New Times and chit-chat with pals sounds good.Oh.  Map to the right is wrong, btw.  The shop is on the NW corner of Via De Ventura and Hayden.  ^_-Update: So I went today.  It was great!  What is it with this place?!  The sandwich was yummy.  The people behind the counter were friendly.  Everyone in the looong line seemed so pleasant.  Like they knew the secret too.  The young boy and husband of the young lady behind the register came in.  Heck, even the kid was really cute and the husband seemed like a good guy.  Is this place on a ley line or something?  How does this insta-sub shop do it?!
3	Sort of lost touch with Blimpies over the years. I've not always lived in an area where they had a store, but always had a warm place in my heart for them. I recently moved into the area and found this location. WOW, nothing has changed and I mean that from a good stand point. The BB (Blimpies Best) and their Club is really very good and certainly as good as anything the Subways folks have at their place. I never understood how two similar chains could grow at different paces.  I would go out of my way for Blimpies, but I couldn't see myself doing that for Subways.
5	The customer service here makes this location unique. I've been coming here over the past year and the guys who work the early evening shift are the best! They are always friendly and go the extra mile. Just today they gave my family a whirl at trying their new eegee's frozen treats on the house! The store is always clean and they take pride in making great subs. I will continue to be a frequent customer!
