4	Good pizza,good calzones, and Tony the owner is a cool person
5	Under new management (Tony's in Florida), this small restaurant tucked away between a barber shop and a store in the Big Lots shopping center/strip mall, across from Sam's Town casino. This place barely surpasses being called a "Hole In The Wall" with mostly booth seating (6) and one large table and a small table in the middle of the restaurant. I am guessing most of the clientelle is from locals that live in the area. Delivery charge is $1.50.The menu featuring appetizers ($1.95 for fries-$24.95 for 50 pack of chicken wings), subs ($5.95- $7.50), pizza ($10.95- $22.99), calzones ($7.95 or $15.95), stromboli (same as calzones), pasta ($7.95- $14.95), and salads, is pretty reasonable. For example, a small calzone for $7.95 is enough for two people to share. The sandwiches are made with Boar's Head (proudly advertised on the front door BTW) and fresh bread baked daily (half  moon shaped). Daily lunch specials are from monday- saturday, 10:30 am- 4 pm (closed sunday and holidays). There is a Pick-Up Special of one large 1-item pizza for $10.99. I could go on and on about the specials, because there are so many, so these are just a few examples. I've had the calzone and the hot pastrami sub from here, and both were excellent. The calzone almost tasted like the one at Villa Pizza, paired with marinara sauce- it's a winner. Like I said, two people with regular appetites could split one small one. The sub was very good, featuring Boar's Head pastrami, paired with pickles and mustard, this was surprisingly very good. Since the meat was Boar's Head, the meat was lacking large pieces of fat (which you come to expect in other places). The bread is baked fresh here, too, don't forget.This place has been here for 18 years, and the new interior paint on one wall, has given it a fresh look (topographical Italy).  It's located on the left side of the strip mall, tucked away in between a few stores. If you're in the area, check it out.
5	Seriously the BEST pizza in vegas!  And their wings are delicious too!  This is the closest to real east-coast pizza that I've had in vegas. I travel 20 minutes to enjoy the smells and the great food!  It is impossible to walk into Dal' Italia and not have your mouth water from the incredible smells coming from the kitchen!  :-)
3	This place is close enough to one of my bases in town to be able to order take-out and save the delivery fee, which is only a couple bucks if you're feeling lazy- but they add an additional charge if you only order a small pizza.The pizza isn't bad, but it's not outstanding either. The toppings are usually decent, but we've had issues with them throwing unwanted anchovies onto our pizza and denying it when we called them about it later and trying to convince us that it's not an issue.A small pizza with 2-3 toppings can wind up costing you between $14-17 plus the delivery fee. The customer service can be spotty. We've been made to wait while the owner talked to one of the employees and our pizza sat behind the counter getting cold. The photos of the owner with celebrities posted on the wall are blatantly photoshopped (and badly).
5	We are delivery junkies for this place.  I think the large cheese pizza is amazing and we crave it all the time!  I am a huge Metro fan but this place is cheaper and has a lot of heart.  The food is so hot when it gets here I always burn my mouth.  All the other food I have tried is good but the pizza is the real star.  A rare gem in this city!!
5	About two weeks ago a woman came into my work wearing a Dal' Italia shirt. I started to chit chat with her while looking up the business on Yelp (just another Monday). While talking and reading I noticed they had some good reviews. She mentioned she worked there and even offered to bring a menu over! I really liked that. Fast forward one week, I was in the mood for some pizza so I dug up the menu and quickly noticed their lunch specials. They are all reasonably priced and offer different options other than pizza from 11am to 4pm. After a minute of thinking I decided to go with a cheese pizza. The special consists of a 10" cheese pizza and a medium drink. Additional toppings are $0.50 each and the delivery fee is $1.50. The pizza was delivered on time and was hot. The cheese, sauce, and crust were all on point. The pizza is definitely worth a try!! I gave this place 5 stars due to great service and pizza. Next time I'm going big and adding on a couple toppings.
1	Apparently, I should have ordered the pizza. Someone who heard me complaining about my cheesesteak sandwich asked, "How do you fuck up a sandwich?" Well, here's how: For starters, when making a cheesesteak sandwich, call me crazy, but I like there to be cheese in it. Preferably in every bite, but, if not possible, than in at least half of them. Not just down where I get to the bread. Note, I said, "Bread". I did not say, "Calzone crust with a cut down the side." Strike two. When cooking it, add the peppers in near the END of the cooking process - otherwise they get bitter and slimy;  it was as unimaginably bad as finding out your wife's been cheating on you by going down on her and getting a mouthful of his leavings. Then, for God's sake, take it off the heat before A) the steak ends up like shoe leather, and B) the overall temperature of the sandwich is in excess of the surface temperature of the sun. I literally had to blow half of my lunch hour waiting for them to overcook the shit out of my sandwich, and the other half waiting to take my sandwich out of the fridge when it cooled down enough that I wasn't getting burn blisters on my fingers holding it. I shan't be returning.
4	The pizza is legit. I worked late last night so my lunch break was pretty much my dinner. They have a special that includes a large pizza with 2 toppings and a 2 liter soda for $17.95. The pizza is pretty big in size and we choose the ham and pineapple combination. I would like to see what kind of oven they use because the crust is always delicious. It has some char on the bottom and a little crunch towards the end of the pie. Go with the pizza!
5	I live near this place and had passed by it a hundred times, before finally trying it earlier this year.  I was telling one of my co-workers where I lived, and he said, "Oh, right near Dal' Italia!  You're so lucky - I love that place!"  Since then I've ordered takeout from them on several occasions.  They have an extensive menu, from ravioli and baked ziti, to pizza and wings, to an array of subs.  I feel like I've barely scratched the surface here.  I ordered the meatball sub for take-out tonight.  It comes on a homemade roll and was a respectable size.  The meatballs were large and tasty and the marinara was tangy and chunky, as it should be.  To top it all off, the whole thing was literally oozing with melted mozzarella! On the messy side, but totally worth it!  I also highly recommend the Italian sausage & peppers sub.  It was large and loaded with sausage and peppers.  I've always ordered take-out from here, but they do deliver as well. The dining room here is casual and comfortable, with a couple of TV's on the wall.  The owner and staff are friendly and make you feel welcome, and can often be found chatting it up with their patrons.  It just feels like a place you'd like to hang out at.
2	I went with my wife and daughter to have dinner there we order spaghetti with meat sauce and pizza half Hawaiian and half supreme when are spaghetti got there it was the nastiest plate I ever seen it was like a soup super watery did not taste good at all when are pizza got there it was so watery like they did not strain the pineapple it was just a horrible experience the Supreme side was alright and the wings was the only good thing that I would go eat there other then that I don't like the food here.
5	I just ate the Chicken Parmesan from this little place and LOVED IT!!!! I didn't expect to get so much food either it could have easily fed 2. The staff was pretty nice also, as I waited for my order one of the guy's served up a free sample of Italian ice which was also very good. I'll definitely be back for more.
5	My husband and I passed by this place dozens of times, but today we decided to stop and have lunch.   Wow!   They had a special of a medium pizza with one topping for only $5.99.   So I got that.   Really tasty ... almost as good as back in New York/New Jersey.    My husband ordered a small calzone for $7.95 .... it took a while to bake (about 30 minutes).   I couldn't believe it when they brought it to the table - it was HUGE!!   I'm there "that's a SMALL?!".   Two people could easily share it.   I also noticed a sign that showed daily specials .... if you like calzones it's only $5.99 on Saturday for a small!   We'll definitely go back.
4	The health department rating is an "A" and the food was great.  Yeah, it took 20+ minutes but it was made fresh!!  They have $1.00 slice if pizza on Mondays and Tuesdays!  Enjoy...
1	This place is closed.Too bad, I was looking for a place like this.
5	The staff is super nice!!! Easy to get along with. The pizza was great, I got the cheese special ($1 on Mon/Tues) with a drink and another slice of mushroom+pepperoni for only about $4! The food is great and so is this little spot in eastside vegas.
1	Out of business.
