4	He has been my and my husband's dentist for about three years, and I definitely recommend.  He and the staff are eternally friendly and helpful, and always remember my name. They even send me birthday cards. The office is very clean and the parking is great. The only reason they don't get five stars is because they keep hounding me about purchasing Invisalign, even though I've made it clear that I simply can't afford it right now (much as I would love to have my teeth fixed -- trust me). I asked them if it was medically necessary, and they said no. If they would just lay off the hard sell, they'd have five stars.
5	So the reality is that dentists terrify me. Panic inducing, brown paper bag breathing, Xanax requiring terror. In fact the only thing that used to scare me more than a dentist visit was the thought of losing all my teeth because I ignored them and having my lips do that little curl in thing. So not attractive!!!Thankfully I have really good genes in the tooth department so my visits have had to be few and far between... just long enough for the memories to dull and for me to work up enough courage to give it one more go.But here's the thing. My sister found this guy a few years ago and actually looks forward to going to see him. This oddity does not compute in my torture riddled memory bank. I couldn't comprehend the words of praise that would fall from her lips. So last year, in a desperate attempt to use up an HSA (which clearly I didn't understand the rules of use it or lose it), I sought out Dr. Bischoff.The office and the staff couldn't be nicer. My skepticism invoked the "Hansel and Gretel effect," convincing me that awful things must happen behind sound proof doors and chambers of horror in the back. But neigh! When you are taken back everything is quite open. No doors to hide sinister activities. No panic driven, wild-eyed patients strapped to chairs. No scene recreations from a Saw movie. Just the opposite in fact. Bright and airy rooms adorned with the most amazing artwork (from Dr. B himself), with toe tapping music piped throughout.I was a basket case on my first visit to Dr. Bischoff. On my last trip to the dentist I spent four hours in a chair, received 27 (count 'em - 27) shots of Novocaine, and then another 30 shots of slow release antibiotics along my entire gum line. I was so numb, I couldn't feel anything from just below my hairline to my shoulders. And I was a drooling bloody mess. Every single person in Dr. Bischoff's office was patient, kind, assuring, and comforting. They got that I was scared and they responded in a way that I couldn't help but relax.I have since been back twice for procedures and am going back today for the final before moving in to a normal maintenance program. The difference is, today I'm not fretting about having to go in. I don't need to dose myself with some mind-numbing drug just to get in the door.Simply put Dr. Bischoff and his staff are amazing. They did the same procedure that I had at the last dentist (scaling and deep root cleaning) with NO shots. None! And there was no pain. They use state of the art products and equipment. Numbing is done topically unless there is a severe case and the antibiotic shots were replaced with lasers that killed off the same bacteria, with no after-pain. The last time I had this done, I couldn't brush my teeth, drink, eat, or even really lay down without significant pain for almost five days. After my first visit here, I literally went right back to work.All work is done in the office, so if you need something like a crown, you have it in around two hours. No more temporaries that don't fit and going back for multiple fittings. The convenience of that alone is huge! If you are like me and avoid dentists at all costs because of fear, please take a chance and let Dr. Bischoff try to help you.
5	I called Dr. Bischoff today for a cleaning appointment after a half day off from work. His staff was able to fit me in the same day even though he had other patients. Dr. Bischoff seems knowledgeable and his staff are friendly, courteous and professional. Next time, I won't be dreading going to the dentist.
5	My wife and I have been with Dr. Bischoff for 29 years (just 1 year after he started!).  In that time he has taken care of our family's dental needs in a wonderful manner.  I remember the "early days" when he was performing maintenance procedures on us that other dentist would take 10 or more years before they would implement.Dr. Bischoff has always been ahead of the curve on the new and effective procedures to help ensure our family's dental health.Our daughter, now 24 years old, began seeing Dr. Bischoff when she was five or so... and has been seeing him twice a year since!We have not missed a semi-annual check-up in 29 years and look forward to many more years of Dr. Bischoff serving our family!
2	Dr. Bischoff is wonderful ONLY IF:A) You are rich and/or have the Cadillac of insurance plans.B) Have no health issuesOtherwise, don't waste you're time and money (even with the voucher).I purchased the voucher ($99 of service for $50). I sent my husband there for a cleaning and he needed 2 small gumline fillings. We were visiting AZ from MA for 6 months only. Dr. Bischoff scared the Heck out of him by insisting on testing him for mouth cancer due to his oral exam of his mouth (test = negative thank God) . Then, he tells him he has gingivitis which will require deep oral scalings (four) at a cost of over a thousand dollars. When my husband explained that we were only here while I was at the Cancer Institute for treatment and that he only wanted a basic cleaning and to get the two small cavities filled (they were hurting him when he ate) and that we couldn't afford the suggested treatment,  Dr. Bischoff flatly refused to do anything until the deep scaling - which would take 3-4 months to perform - was completed.Sooo...I guess Dr. Bischoff only cares about you if you are rich enough to afford whatever treatment he deigns  to do regardless of what you really need and can afford done. My poor husband was sent away, still in pain and now feeling horrible because we don't have the money or time to have this large procedure done...all because he is my primary and only care giver and terrible me had to get Cancer and spend most of our money coming to the Cancer Institute of America in order to try and save my life. Sounds a bit chilly for such a "caring individual".....although they did send a "happy birthday" email to him on his birthday (yeah, not much to celebrate with aching teeth and a dying wife). Nice marketing strategy...Oh, and by the way, we have an excellent dentist back home in Boston, MA whom we regularly see and have been with for over 20 years...He has all the best /latest and greatest equipment too! Upon arriving home, my husband went to him and he doesn't have gingivitis and was right to refuse the deep scaling as due to his health conditions, which include a heart murmur and high blood pressure, the regular dentist has never done a deep scaling. All knowledgeable dentists should require a medical clearance from a PCP prior to performing deep scalings as people with these conditions can have strokes or heart attacks from the debris dislodged during the procedure which travels into the blood stream. My husband's PCP will not give the clearance.Typical example of all gloss and glamor but no substance. Real nice digs and alot of expensive toys for the doc to play with but so much for sincere compassionate care!
5	I have been going to Dr. Bischoff since the early 80's, even though it is over 30 miles from my house. He was recommended by a friend and I really needed a good dentist at the time. Best tip I have ever had. He and his highly professional staff are the finest I have ever had. If I ever moved out of state I would end up flying back for checkups and any work I needed.  This guy is a great example of how you stay at the cutting edge of your profession.  Also, I'm not rich or have a Cadillac insurance plan, and I do have health issues. There has never been ANY doubt in my mind that he is concerned about the health and well-being of all his patients first and foremost.
4	My Wife went to this dentist, she said his services are awesome. We have Delta Dental insurance, he is a premier dentist for them..  Had a billing issue, but they resolved it for us.
