5	My Dad was getting married last September and I finally convinced him that he would need a new suit for it. So we tralled Edinburgh before stumbling upon Slaters, and I am glad we did. This store stocks a huge amount of suits in every colour imaginable. As well as some other smart clothes, like your tweed coat yah. The service was fantastic, there are few shops which offer such a high standard of service. The shop assistant was very polite and listened to what my dad was looking for and came up with a tonne of options. He gave advice and was really helpful. We settled on the second suit my Dad tried, and the best thing is they alter for free! This was the Monday and the guy said we could pick up the altered suit on Saturday. As my Dad doesn't live in Edinburgh I said I would pick it up but it would be two weeks later as I was going on holiday on Saturday. Not a problem, he organised the suit to be ready for the Wednesday. My brothers picked up their suits from another branch of Slaters and they were just as good.
5	As the epitome of suaveness, I do appreciate a nice suit. I've only got one however, and it's starting to look a bit more like it belongs to an eccentric old wino than James Bond. It will soon be replacement time, and Slater's will be my first port of call.Ranging from quite cheap to quite expensive, it's a bit of an institution in Scotland, and it's practically a rite of passage for any oily 16 year old in Central Scotland to get his first suit from here, and nail the interview for that shelf stacking job at Lidl.Salesmen often a bit smarmy and pushy, but it all adds to the experience.
4	Umm...I'm not a man, so this is probably biased. BUT I have two brothers and a dad, thus I often find myself in here sitting around or giving opinions etc etc.Whoa, what a shop. If men are into shopping this is their haven. Everyone loves a man in a suit, and I love a man in a Slaters suit.The quality is brilliant, I never really noticed how important the cut of a mans suit was until I watched people try on suit after suit until they got the one that was juuusssttt right (sorta like Goldielocks).As well as being gorgeous, the staff are extremely helpful and attentive.The missing star is for the price though....maybe that's how much a suit costs these days, but c'mon, really?
5	Amazingly helpful, when they did not have the correct size for the hat I wanted in stock, they offered to order it, but also suggested where I might find one in town.  Really outstanding customer service.
