3	Panera does a nice job on some items.  Stopped to have lunch with a friend who wanted to use the WiFi and get a bite to eat.  Kind of a soup type day, rainy and cool...so had a bowl of low fat veggie...very nice and a greek salad that is pretty good.  The best part was the fresh baked bread.
5	With Pittsburgh's lack of Bagel places, Panera fits the bill perfectly. Asiago Cheese bagels are some of the best i've ever eaten. Try toasting them under the broiler then rubbing them with a little raw garlic and dip into a good extra virgin olive oil.Great soups and sandwiches. Good people at the counter!
4	Standard Panera fair.The difference maker (4 isntead of 3 stars) is that the staff at this one is nice.
5	I know a lot of people tend to either love or hate Panera; I happen to love it - the You-Pick-2 combo is one of my favorite lunch options. And as luck (good or bad depending on how my diet's going!) would have it, this location provides a daily opportunity to get one of those combos! This location is incredibly convenient for me - both for being relatively close to where I live and for being next to an old bookstore, clothes store, and a few other businesses - and has earned all 5 stars for being a bit better than the average Panera. One, I've never walked in here and found a shortage in sweet treats, which is a common problem if I want an afternoon bagel in a lot of other Panera locations. Two, the sandwiches here just taste fresher than a lot of other places I've been to. Three, as others have mentioned, the staff are just nicer here - I have no idea why, but I'm not complaining! Bonus star for this Panera because it's actually made its entire interior comfortable and encourages people to relax and use its wi-fi, which is something I can't say a lot of other locations have nailed just yet.
4	Oh, I like Panera. I love their you pick two combos. Awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup and desserts. It's a nice place to hang out while you're waiting for your car to get inspected.
2	I used to love Panera but as the years have gone by their standards of both food and service has declined greatly. It's a gamble if you are going to get good food and service or if the D team is working that day and they serve cold soup and sandwiches that look like Stevie Wonder  made them. I have to be deserate now to go there, like travelling on the Ohio turnpike and my other rest stop options are burger king and popeyes. Coprorate needs to improve and manage  their quality control,training, and processes. It's like they came out with a bang and now are just coasting.
4	I wish more chains had great quality foods and ambience rich environments. I thoroughly enjoyed my roasted turkey, avo blt!
5	The moment you come in you feel its time to eat :), usually i have hard time at eating places because the music is too loud and it's too dark inside but I keep loving Panera Bread!!! Never get tired of it :) light breakfast, friendly staff, great food a wonderful way to start the day!!! :)
5	I've come here for German Language meetups and their soups are always delicious. Last Saturday I had Chicken and Wild Rice in a bread bowl, which was very good and filling, which was perfect since I missed breakfast. I also recall sometime ago I had one of their chocolate chip cookies that was excellent. The establishment is clean and well laid-out. They always seem to have a nice selection of soups salads and desserts. I've never seen it get too crowded which allows for good conversation without any need to shout. I am a satisfied repeat customer.
4	Panera is the best option for "fast food" in my opinion. I love Panera for lunch and dinner.It's hard to go wrong with Panera. You can eat pretty healthy here if you try. Not everything is healthy, but there definitely are options. I also like that they use fresh ingredients and antibiotic free chicken. In my opinion, you can't go wrong with their soups, they are my favorite. Some are better for you than others like the vegetable pesto and black bean soups however, if you get a "you pick two meal", you can splurge on the less healthy ones like creamy wild rice and chicken. What is a you pick two you ask? It is a meal you create by picking two items from soups, salads, sandwiches, paninis, and pastas. You get a half of each selection that you pick, which is nice to try some of their different menu items. I feel like their breakfast treats leave more to be desired and their coffee is so so. I generally wouldn't come here for breakfast. Their pastries do not have enough flavor to me, they taste rather doughy. For this reason alone is why I am giving them four stars! Other than that, they are great!
