4	The only cons I've had with them is one or two miscommunication about appointment times and dates but since I had the paper they printed out for me to prove it, they had no problems fitting me in. Also the wait time. I seem to be waiting an average of about 10-20 minutes, if not a bit longer, past my appointment time to be seen.I've been seen primarily by Nurse Practitioner Sue Swenson and she's just as sweet as she could be. I've also been seen by Dr. Tran and he is VERY helpful and understanding about how I want to birth my child. He was very thorough about answering mine and my husbands questions and very very friendly. I feel lucky to have found him as my OB.
1	If I could do less than one star I would basically the most unprofessional office I have ever had to deal with in my entire life. 1. When I first Got pregnant I didn't have insurance, I was one month away from getting it at my new job and applied for their OB Package, My Appt was at 2:30 and was not seen until 4:30. The worker was very rude basically because I was over income and did not qualify for assistance at all, She actually made me feel bad for even asking for help. I then talked to my work and they added me early to the company  plan to help me out. At my first visit I asked to not use their payment plan and pay that visit and ultrasound in cash at that time. Weeks later I received a bill for $930 dollars the remainder of the original  1200 down payment of the OB plan I no longer needed.  I was Livid I had to call several different people, several Different  times and never got confirmation that is was handled which really stressed me out, I finally had to call back and find out if everything was was done and it was finally taken care of. 2.Out of Control wait times, as I stated above for the financial aid Appt I had to wait 2 hours then on my Appt on 10/22 my Appt Time was 3:40 and was asked to come 20 min early so Arrival at 3:20pm and then was not seen until 5:20 two hours after my arrival time. with no apologies or Explanation,  and no one even in the lobby waiting. 3. the most important,  I had explained to my Doctor, the site manager and the schedulers several times  that I am a heart patient and have had two open heart surgery operations, and still have a weak heart, and  the increase in the blood volume  due to my pregnancy may cause problems for my heart creating proper blood flow for my child and my cardiologist has recommended close monitoring including frequent ultrasounds and  follow up visits. I would be considered a high risk pregnancy, and I was not being treated as such.  after my visit on 10/22 where I did not receive an ultra sound I requested the DR be asked if he could make sure at my next visit I had one  I asked the scheduler to get the authorization from the dr,  for my next appt,  and I would like a call back so my boyfriend could also take time off to be there, he came last time and I didn't get my ultra sound.  they set the appt and I never got a call back about the ultrasound, I called back 11/1  at 1pm and spoke to another scheduler and my request was not taken care, I asked again that the dr be asked for the authorization, so I can have an ultra sound, on 11/6 in the  morning I got a call from someone in the office and she  said they will not do an ultrasound until 18 or 20 weeks. I was honestly in disbelief.l felt  like Adelante didn't care about me or my unborn child. I have been trying for YEARS to have a child, and had complication after complication,  and was actually told I would never conceive and Finally  my dreams, I thought were coming true, and I was being given the shaft. I really liked my doctor but at this point I needed a doctor and facility who will take my health and concerns seriouslyFrom the very start of my Pregnancy I feel as though I have been given the shaft, from the Financial aid worker, making me feel bad because I made to much to qualify  for assistance, to receiving and erroneous bill for $930 Which was taken care of but,  still really stressed me out. To being denied the medically necessary monitoring I required for a healthy baby and pregnancy.  I would recommend highly going elsewhere this place only caters to those on public benefits and  assistance and could care less about hard working people as demonstrated by the schedulers once again My last and final complaint is this, I made an appt for my 1 month follow up Visit on 11/21/13 I asked for the latest appt possible and told that was 4pm( even though last time I wasn't even seen until almost 5:30 pm, I really didn't  want to miss any more work if I didn't have to, and was told 4 pm was the latest they could do even though they say they are open until 7pm.Just take my advise avoid this place like the plague!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
5	Went to the office in Surprise I love it. Clean not too busy. Very patient and didn't feel rushed!
1	I started at this OB office at the beginning of my second pregnancy.  The first visit was super long but I figured that was because it was my first, plus it was really nice they had an ultrasound tech on staff.  My second visit was super short.  They brought me in due to spotting and performed an ultrasound to make sure everything was okay.  This is where the good stopped.My next appointment was with the ob.  I waited an hour and a half before being taken back to the room.  I was in the room for twenty minutes before I gave up.  I walked out and no one said anything or even called.I was content to let sleeping dogs lie, but then I found out it took two months for them to forward medical records to my new ob! I found out yesterday after being charged for duplicate tests by my insurance company!  I don't blame my new obgyn.  I completely blame this farce of medical office for testing on their laurels instead of doing their job.  So if you like shoddy record keeping and ridiculously long waits, by all means, THIS is the office for you.
2	If you can find a doctors office with a higher rating go to them! I am not 100 percent against adelante obgyn located in avondale but the wait time is super ridiculous, especially when you have a 2 year old and have to wait atleast 40 minutes past your appointment time every time you go no matter if you show up 15 minutes early or on time. The staff are friendly but not very personable. I had to go more often than most but felt like no one there ever remembered me including the doctors. The only reason why I stuck with them is because I did not want to go through the hassle of getting all my information switched to another office. To top it all off their ultrasound machine is not the greatest. With my first pregnancy we got way better pictures!
