5	This coffee shop is located in an odd spot off the 215 and Sunset in a medical building area. Pretty smart for them though, everyone will stop in there before and on break of their shifts! Anyways, I'ma fan of iced coffee and they did it right, I got the red eye, which is iced coffee with a shot of espresso added. I could tell they had just got their new BEAUTIFUL espresso machine because every worker was watching it as it poured my delicious drink! I also opted to have a cranberry scone from here and it's the best I've had in a while. It's funny I actually never, ever go to Starbucks (not a fan of their coffee) but I got a cranberry and orange scone from there and let me tell you Tipsy blew them out of the water by a landslide. Perhaps it's because they bake and prepare everything in house fresh every morning! They also had cute little chocolate truffles, that I did not try this time, but I'm sure knowing me I shall sometime soon.The only downer at this point, is that it has only been open a week, and I understand they are getting everything situated still. But it's not very "coffee shop homie and warm" yet. I love to take my computer and enjoy coffee and pastries while getting some work done and I just didn't feel like I would have been comfy doing that here just yet. Although, I have faith that this place will be full and warm in about a month or so!
5	So happy this place opened up right next to me.  I walked my dog there last Sunday and we sat on the patio and sipped coffee while reading.  Happy as can be.  Good coffee.  Great atmosphere.  Great pastries and macaroons.  I wish they had a few savory options for pastries, maybe a quiche or two, but other than that this is a great addition to the neighborhood.
5	Forget Starbucks. This place blows it away.
5	Great coffee, great atmosphere! Fresh baked pastry! This is how I would run a coffee house.
5	Great place.  Internet is fast.  They sell a drip mug with free refills.  Definite bonus!  Pretty conveniently located.  Nice people.  Privately owned!  Definitely a must try.
4	Cute little place.  No drive in but cozy inside.  Don't have the usual "snacks", they're totally into candy so don't expect to get a sandwich here.  I used to own a coffee shop and it reminds me of what we had.  I would recommend it for those that like "non-franchise" coffee shops with unique flair...
2	Very disappointed :( I ordered a red velvet and was quite upset that there was absolutely no flavor red velvet or otherwise. I am not sure if she forgot to put the "red velvet" element in or if worse, it was there but completely and utterly tasteless. I left paying five dollars for a tasteless coffee with foam. I had such high hopes when I walked in and noted the cute and quirky ambiance and selection of truffles and sweets. The red velvet truffle I tried was overpowered by the liqueur taste and left much to be desired. So much potential but fell flat for me...I won't e returning :(
5	The Nutella latte was delicious! The barista upgraded my latte because I had to wait so long, but it was worth the wait since it tasted fresh. Their menu features not so common coffee flavors that I'd drive back to try. Also the ambiance of the cafe is perfect for a meeting or to study. Definitely a step up from the average coffee chain. Prices were higher, but then again they use organic coffee. If your in the area it's worth the trip!
5	They have the BEST CHAI EVER. The owner supposedly spent years perfecting her own chai recipe and it sure is great. It's a cute and cozy cafe and they play cool music too. The staff is always super friendly and their pastries and baked in house and taste fresh. I haven't tried their truffles but my sister has and she seems to really like them. I hope they get more business because it really is a great place and they have waaay better drinks than Madhouse.
4	A cute cafe-bakery, Tipsy has unique, cozy drinks and delicious sweet treats to accompany them. Most of their products appear to be concocted and assembled in-house, including the truffles, and the whole place has that modern but homemade feel that sets it apart from trendier, perhaps more shallow joints. I felt welcome from the start of my visit thanks to the incredibly patient and engaging staff, and the warmth of their happy customers. The barista was very kind and personable, and I even met a regular who has a drink named after him! Tells a lot about just how local this place is. I thoroughly enjoyed their homemade chai, and the chocolate dipped strawberry that the regular mister so kindly ordered for me as I was trying to decide what to get. As commonplace as chai tea and chocolate can be, Tipsy provides a nice, distinct take on both - I can't pinpoint what it is exactly, but whatever it is, I'm glad they've taken the time to personalize their formulas to set themselves apart. I'm hoping they open a little later, eventually, maybe when people finally discover that there's a much more charming option here than the Starbucks down the street. I'll definitely be dropping in semi-regularly to see what they're stirring up next!
5	Best Coffee on the West side of Vegas! Reviews are hard because you want to trust the reviewer. Coffee is hard too because some are like "Yeah Starbucks" while my kind of coffee is the artisan, micro-roasted coffee house coffee. Living in LA for some years I visited many great coffee houses and long for a similar scene in Vegas.Tipsy uses the coffee from Sunrise cafe. The owner is extremely friendly and the customer service from the staff is EXCELLENT! I came in my first visit and left feeling like a regular! Her pastries are great and go well with the coffee. I've enjoyed everything from her coffee to lattes. Drink up and support your local privately owned businesses!!! :)
3	I stopped by here after passing a number of times. I ordered a hot chocolate, truffles and a sandwich. The hot chocolate wasn't very good at all. Seemed like a warm chocolate milk, but with half the chocolate that you would normally put. Truffles are good, but way too expensive!  They bring in the sandwiches from a place in town daily (that's what they told me). I had the turkey and provolone on a cranberry bread. It was decently flavored but very dry. The bread added a nice sweetness to the meat and cheese. It was almost $7 for a pre-packaged sandwich! This place gets a 3/5 stars from me for my drink, truffles and sandwich. It gets 5/5 for customer service and atmosphere. If I could I would give it a 3.5/5. It's too expensive.
5	love love love this place! I ordered a chai tea that is made in house being a tea drink I already knew that chai's can all taste different. The employee let me taste it until it was just right :]
5	This place is totally out of my way, I do drive there anyway, because there is not a yummier coffee and treats are just delicious.  Not only the coffee and the treats are to die for, the staff is just amazing and so friendly.I realize I do have a new addiction - Tipsy coffee
5	I loved this place, the chocolate was yummy, the place was quiet and relaxed while we were there and the staff was lovely. They have games that people can sit down and play with their friends. The only thing I found a bummer was their early close times. However I understand that because of their location staying open later in the evening is really just a waste of money for them. Still sad.. :(
4	Cute spot, with the homey-comfy feel that was evident in the early Starbucks before they went global.  There are several comfortable seating options grouped around the shop and a fantastic soundtrack playing in the background.  They have an extensive menu for flavored coffees, and I really enjoyed the white chocolate raspberry latte!  However, the scone I purchased was just as dry as most pastries available in coffee shops these days.  Why is it so hard to do both well at the same time?  Oh, well.  If I find myself back in the area I would return for the coffee.
2	It was a strange location, but the sight of it was welcome in the middle of the nondescript surroundings. While it was easily visible, it didn't seem very accessible.When my friend and I made our way in, we were greeted and we purchased a couple of ginger scones which were delicious. I inquired about their iced teas and they said they could do any tea as an iced tea. I got an earl gray and my friend got an americano. I saw the barista preparing my tea from a tea bag being steeped and thought that could not bode well, as it can only steep with hot water, and any ice would dilute it. She didn't call us to the counter, but after sitting for a while we went up and checked and there they were. Sure enough, my iced tea was watery, but not terrible, my friends coffee was just okay.I was starving and expected some savory options, but there were only pre-made sandwiches. While they sounded decent, I know refrigerated bread is never good, and they were pricey at almost $8 a pop. For a pre-made sandwich? Meh.. I'd stick with the freshly made scones. They also offer some boozy chocolates and truffles.There were two other patrons in there when we went in, and they had ordered a chocolate. They took it to the table and inspected it for a while. Eventually they brought it back up to the counter to let the barista know they had been given the wrong chocolate. She takes the one that had already been given to them and set down on their table and puts it back in the case! Kind of grossed me out.Some of their coffee drinks involve ice cream, syrups and cake in them, and that's just not really my thing. I like straightforward coffee drinks, I guess I'm a purist. I'm more adventurous with teas though, and I wish I had gotten their Chai so that I could maybe give a more positive review since they make their own Chai mix. I have respect for what they are trying to do, and a coffee spot was much needed in the area. Unfortunately, it didn't win me over.
2	This place is adorable and quaint, and the staff is super sweet, so my rating is, in no way, influenced by service or ambiance. Honestly, the ambiance is terrific and there's even a charger pod on some of the tables for our many electronic devices.I love coffee. I love the flavor of coffee and espresso and I value a delightful craft beverage that highlights those flavors. All things considered, I would recommend Tipsy's lattes to someone who does NOT like the flavor of coffee. The syrups were so powerful and sweet that my Salted Caramel Nutella latte (which sounds amazing, right?) tasted like sugar milk. I know there are yelpers out there who love things like that so if you do, keep on keepin' on, this place is your spot!I was also disappointed in the pastry selection. Since they focus predominantly on truffles which feels like an odd combination to balance out such sweet beverages, I opted for the only non-truffle food remaining which was a biscotti. Not bad, not great...
1	I prefer to think they chose the name "tipsy" because they stay consistently drunk enough to tell themselves their "foods" are alright.Yum. they have excellent commercial grade high lecithin amalgamate quality chocolate. Heck, why bother...even Nestle has a higher quality chocolate mix, so I might as well get my chocolate fix from a gas station, and for cheaper. I know that most people don't understand that white chocolate isn't actually sheet white, but an ivory color from the high percentage of cocao butter. This is crappy knockoff grossness high in palm oil, that I can't believe Vegasians would enjoy....are they all drunk too?Old sandwiches not made in house too. I guess I should try their coffee but I don't think so....those can be found next to my nestle at the gas bar.
4	Great Place, nice and quiet, I had this Coffee Tipsy that is very good~ Wish this place will open longer.
5	Been coming here since it opened. Close to Southern hills hospital. Free wireless Internet. Open early in the morning. Great coffee and pastries.  Especially the alcohol infused truffles! Mmm. Nice atmosphere. The music can be a little loud though. Beats generic chains like Starbucks in my book! And every 10 coffees you get one free :)
5	awesome service awesome coffee.My LV coffee tour continues... and Tipsy gets an easy 5 stars from me and the hubby.The barista was courteous and let us know "I will be with you in a few minutes" he was carefully making a drink for the couple ahead of us. We had the perfect amount of time to take everything in and figure out what we wanted from the drink menu.The truffles and homemade reese's peanut butter cups looked awesome in the pastry case. Chocolate covered pretzel sticks with sprinkles? They looked awesome. It was too early in the morning to try it out but I will definitely try it out next time.I had the Cafe Tipsy (dark chocolate & tiramisu mocha) and my husband tried a blended Ali baba (salted caramel & white chocolate mocha). While it took a short while to make, I didn't mind one extra second. It was very obvious that this barista was awesome and he took pride in the drinks he made --- my drink was AWEsome with a capital A-W-E. It was well mixed and you could taste the quality of the espresso, and even the chocolate itself. The drink alone was worth 5 stars. My husband's drink was just the right mix of flavors and while it was sweet-- it wasn't too sweet. It was the right ratio of caramely goodness and coffee.Hands down, Tipsy is up there on my list of coffee shops - I would say top 3.  We really had a great all-around experience and we will definitely be back for a lot more.this place is a MUST for coffeelovers in the surrounding areas... and let me know how those chocolate-dipped pretzels are.
4	This quaint little coffee shop is tucked away at the west end of Sunset Blvd and since I'm over here today I stopped by and asked for a white chocolate mocha - iced. This coffee drink was creamy, light and slightly sweetened - over all it's pretty delicious! They also sell a lot of yummy chocolate and desserts but I can't afford the calories right now so I'll have to come back and try more espresso drinks later.There are really nice couches and chair to sit as well as tables and chairs. I wish this place was closer to my apartment!
5	I've tried Tipsy a few times now and will definitely be back. The espresso drinks are yummy but I am mostly addicted to the chocolates! The iced "Allie Baba" drink is my favorite. It's a great blend of white mocha and salted caramel. Andrew (the barista) makes it perfect every  time! As for sweets -- I love the homemade peanut butter cups! You also can't go wrong with the white chocolate caramel nut popcorn. The gluten free chocolate chip cookies are amazing too. If you have a sweet tooth, go visit Tipsy!
5	Good coffee, fresh roast beans. We had ours over ice and was perfect inside on a warm day. Interesting choice of locations, but what the heck, we know where it is.
5	Great selection of specialty drinks and delicious sweets. (I highly recommend the red velvet brownies and wild willies coco nut cake ball) The owner and staff are always friendly. Good place to just hangout or to work.
4	I stopped in since I was in the area and in need of a pick me up.  A quaint place that offers up different coffee drinks other than the same ol', same ol' of Starbucks.  I was greeted immediately by a friendly employee. I think she was actually the only one working at the time.  She showed me the menu of the unique items they had to offer.  Plus it didn't hurt that their treats were nicely displayed next to the ordering counter.  There were also fresh croissants and other breakfast items. Everything looked very tempting...  but my will power kicked in.They had many drinks that were made with Nutella.  I decided on the 'Salty Scottie' ~ A Nutella latte with salted caramel.  My drink was finished quickly and went in for a taste.  So delicious! A different flavor with the Nutella.  It was my first time trying something with that and was very happy that I did.As I was waiting for my latte, I noticed a large dining area with couches, comfy chairs and many tables.  The area was very clean and tidy with windows surrounding so it lit the area nicely.  So if you happen to be in the area, stop in for a great coffee drink!  They also offer lunch specials with a sandwich, chips and drink ~ so  maybe next time Tipsy!
5	Pretty darn good coffee, and I also got their chicken salad sandwich in a croissant, soooo good!!!  I don't know what they do to it but it's amazing. It's also all very fairly priced, it's almost as if it's a cute little boutique except for sandwiches, little cookies and adorable teacup sets for sale.  I would definitely recommend, bombdotcom. Great service too.
5	Lots of fun, interesting flavors! Wide selection of pastries & they have gluten free cookies!!!!!
5	Love the coffee, and the croissants! They run of of my favorite a lot (chocolate ) because I never get there early enough on weekends. But when we do, it's great!I need to try the chicken salad croissant though!
2	Tried giving the local coffee shop  some business over the Starbucks near by.  Cozy place not very friendly,  all I can say is that my almost $7 triple latte was served warm at best with 2 shots at the most.  I struggle with the price for such a poorly made product.  Haven't been back since although I hear their liquor filled chocolates are great.
2	I SOOOOOO wanted to like this place! It's so close to where I work that I could stop on the way for coffee. I've been frequenting Sambalatte, which I absolutely LOVE and keep meaning to check out Tipsy's. So today, I finally did.It is definitely a cute place with a comfortable feel. I like that they offer regular milk, plus almond or rice milk to make their espresso drinks. I ordered a 12 oz plain hot latte with whole milk, which was almost $4 (pretty standard). My first disappointment was that it came in a paper to go cup. I was pretty surprised they didn't offer real coffee mugs if you are not taking your drink to go. So I sat to work on some paperwork and upon trying my latte, I have to admit I was a little disappointed. It wasn't TERRIBLE or anything. It was "OK" - my impression was that  I would drink one again, but I MUCH prefer a latte from Sambalatte.Before I left, I wanted to get some truffles for family back home as a part of their Christmas gift. I had read good reviews of them so I thought, "why not??!!"I ordered 4 truffle cake balls and 4 truffle drops, plus a couple small bags of choc covered espresso beans (only 0.99 each, a great deal!!) The barista bagged them up for me and rang me up. It came to just over $20. Yes, expensive, but I knew it would be so it was no surprise. Plus, they were gifts and I didn't mind. He put them in a nice, black bag that had their brand name on the outside. Since the truffles were going to 2 separate people, I asked if he had another bag. He said they didn't have a bag like that that was smaller, and that particular bag is "really expensive". He then offered a plain white lunch sack or a brown paper bag with handles. Well, I have those at home so I declined. I was pretty turned off that I, in less than one hour, could spend $20 on truffles and $4 on coffee in a place and they wouldn't give me an extra bag......To me, that just comes down to customer service and giving your customer what they want. Unfortunately, it will make the difference of me returning to the store or not. I believe in good customer service and my first impression ruined the prospect of me returning. I hate to give anyone a low rating of 2 stars, but that really sums up my experience. And like I said, I really wanted to like them!
5	In the days where Starbucks is all the rage, I am excited to find a local business that is really delicious. I love their selection of beverages, which are all at a great price point. I don't drink coffee or tea, but they made the drinks work for me. I really enjoyed the breakfast bagel I had, it was very filling. I am not a sweets person but they have LOADS of sweet treats. Only disappointment was when I went to order soup because I like to eat savory food and that was it on their menu, they were out of everything. BUT I  guess it left me wanting more because I will definitely be back to get some! I recommend making it your new coffee spot.
5	Love this place. Its local not a giant corporate chain. They make really good coffee and treat their customers well. They really care about what they make and it shows. Every coffee drink is just right. I visit almost everyday and have tried every one of their special drinks. Not a bad thing on their menu. Plus they make their own pastries too. The raspberry cheesecake croissant is superb.
5	This is got to be one of the best locally own coffee shops in town. Even the names of their coffee drinks are great. With a housemaid peanut butter that will blow your mind. So glad to have found this hidden gem.
3	Came here one afternoon & finally decided to try out this place. I lived nearby & always loved the name idea. The employee was nice, but could have been helpful. My boyfriend & I ordered an iced blue velvet coffee, earl grey hot tea, cinnamon raisin bagel, & their broccoli & cheese soup. The blue velvet iced coffee was the best part, that was yummy. The soups texture & taste were good. Although I'm not sure if it was the oyster crackers, but it was a tad salty. The bagel was way over-toasted to where it was partially burnt. My hot tea wasn't bad at least. Earl grey can never disappoint. This little cafe is super quaint & peaceful. I would definitely come here to study or play scrabble over some coffee one day. Tipsy has a large selection of truffles, drinks, & snacks. It's like when you go to The Cheesecake Factory & just look through their large menu over & over (haha). It's worth a shot to see why they're running for Best of Las Vegas.
1	TERRIBLE! Iced coffee no ice.. pb latte disgusting and cold.. scone not cooked through.. will NEVER go back! Save your $$ & go to Starbucks!
4	Walking in, you notice the atmosphere is very comfy, as you would expect these days from a coffee house. There is a beautiful selection of truffles crafted in-house in the display window, so if you have a sweet tooth, I would totally recommend checking this place out.I have decided to embark on a new journey of coffees & coffee houses (yeah, I know, I am one or two decades too late to be trendy), but in the past, I have always stuck with plain ole coffee because whenever I tried a fancy coffee drink it was always extremely sweet. So I told the lady behind the counter my worries, and to my surprise she didn't act like my problems were boring (which, let's face it, they are - but she was nice & helpful anyway!) She suggested a marshmallow latte for me. Also, it was lunchtime & I was hungry, so even though she highly recommended the lavender & white chocolate scone, I opted for the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant.As far as I can tell, the chicken salad was the only lunch option, so I was really surprised that it was not ready to order at 12:45 in the afternoon. To be fair, they finished making the salad within a few minutes of our order, but I still thought it was strange the prep had not been done earlier. The sandwich was very good - the croissant was not the full butter, crazy flaky kind, but a tamer version that is still delicious and that I think works even better on a sandwich. (I think the flaky kind is best enjoyed on it's own, but is too delicate for a sandwich.) And the chicken salad was well made, but it had dried sweetened cranberries, and I would have preferred it without. (Maybe I should have gone with the lavendar & white chocolate scone!) But my friend, who ordered the same sandwich, thought the cranberries were delicious, so it just goes to show these things are a matter of personal taste.The marshmallow latte was excellent. A little bit of sweet, but I could still taste the roasted coffee. It was a very elegant beverage, and made me feel like I was having a grown up drink in spite of my emotional immaturity! :-) Fantastic suggestion by the barista!I was really torn as to whether to whether to give 4 or 5 stars. I will just have to go back and see what happens next time!
3	Ordered a large dirty chai. Was kinda pricey I thought and seemed a bit watery. Will try again as we try and support local business. Seems to have a cool vibe.
5	This is such a cozy and unique coffee shop behind Southern Hills Hospital! I love that it's not your same old chain coffee place. It offers some one of a kind drinks along with all of the tried and true favorites! My favorite is Nutella latte!The servers are friendly and the seating is comfortable. The coffee is brewed to perfection! I quit caffeine recently but when I'm back into it again I can't wait to enjoy a frothy, delicious latte from here!
5	I adore this coffee shop! This shop, alongside with Sunrise Coffee, are my favorite locally owned coffee shops and I get around. :) Their coffee is my favorite. It's not too sweet but has great flavor and still tastes like coffee. I get an iced Bella Luna and it has coconut, hazelnut and caramel. I also feel the effects of the caffeine. I know that is odd to say but honestly at a few coffee shops I swear they give me de-caf everytime. It's fairly big inside and the seating is versatile. They have tables as well as comfy big chairs. They also have board games! I got their sausage breakfast sandwich once and it was delicious! The croissant that was used was just perfect. So happy to find a favorite coffee shop!
5	nom nom nom love salty scottie
4	Super nice staff. We found this place by accident and now my friend's and I meet there often for coffee. They have great sandwiches and food options for a coffee place. The atmosphere is comfortable and cozy. Lots better than sbux and not as pretentious. My only complaint is that they usually only have one person working so it can be slow if it's busy.
3	Small coffee shop by the hospital- BF stops in here frequently and has been raving about the blue velvet drink. Finally made it in here to try it myself, and was pleasantly surprised by the cafe.Ample seating, friendly staff, well-stocked pastry case with a selection of "tipsy truffles"- alcohol infused chocolates. There's also a full lunch menu with soups and sandwiches. Coffee menu has several iced and hot options.Blue Velvet was underwhelming. BF said the balance was off and it wasn't as good as usual. I think I would have preferred the red velvet, which is a raspberry version.
5	I went in here on a Friday with my girlfriend. Very nice experience, and the coffee is well made. They even bring it to you which is very nice. I liked it so much I even tried to bring my dad in today.My problem with the place is that, I "tried" to come in today. I checked to see what time they open and it said 8. So we got up and waited a little bit and headed down there. We got there at 8:30 and no one was there. They either need to update their information or someone needs to set their alarm clock.
5	I had to drop my mother off on a Thursday for her P.T. and had an hour to kill...I loved the atmosphere...much cooler than Starbucks or coffee bean. Perfect place to do work or study. Plus the strawberry smoothie was delicious! Highly recommend
4	Finally found a /real/ coffee shop! I was a barista a few times, and I've been looking for a real espresso coffee here in  Vegas and I think I've found it! I had...One of the overly sweet and sugary drinks on ice, and despite all the flavours and sugar, it still tasted like coffee (BTW, this is how I like it) where as the Coffee Bean, Einsten's and Charbucks they make it sugary and delicious, but it doesn't taste like coffee.The price really pleased me too. It was expensive (something like $5 for my drink and $2 for an americano) but again comparatively to other establishments, it's within reason.The barista could have been friendlier... But then, I like my coffee slingers jacked up on caffeine and hyped up, so probably no fault of hers.I'm very excited to have found a new coffee joint!
5	Please go try the cookie butter latte!! It is the best thing I've had to drink in a long time.
2	We've passed by this place everyday for the past 6 months, always wondered how it fared with the mighty giants like Starbucks & CBTL. Today I decided to have an impromptu coffee date with my little princess. When we got there at 10, the place was empty except for an old man sitting in a corner. A young lady was behind the counter (very snobbish and the whole time acted like I was bothering her) No good morning or some type of pleasantries exchanged. Immediately you feel the awkwardness. Being that my daughter is 3 and can't have coffee I asked what they had that she could have. Nothing besides a couple of fruit smoothies and some juices she said. Okay, so since she likes Nutella can I have that drink but without the espresso shot? She said they've never done that before but she can try (that kinda made me nervous)So I ended up ordering The salted Scottie latte (Nutella & salted caramel, sounds super yummy right?) and Nutella latte (minus the espresso shot) for my daughter. We also got a croissant and a Honey lavender scone along with some truffles to go, Limony Cello and Val's hazelnut thingie. The food was ok, nothing really special to elaborate. The Nutella drink was generic tasting, mind you she charged me full price $5.09 for the small even without the espresso. Now my latte is the last straw, at $5.85 for a small size you would think it would taste somewhat decent but NO, it tasted like coffee diluted with a whole lot of water. It was bland, you couldn't taste the coffee nor the sugar. So I told the girl I was not pleased with the drink. She did ask if I wanted something else instead but between the ordinary food and the lack of service, I told her no and kindly just asked for my money back, I couldn't take any more disappointment. I'm all for supporting small businesses but if you offer subpar food, pricey coffee (I don't mind paying if the quality is there) and not so great service then there's really nothing worth going. Needless to say I ended up in the nearest Starbucks drive thru and ordered my tall caramel macchiato for $3.95
1	If you live in Las Vegas please take a second to read this! I was at Tipsy Coffee House this morning around 9:30am and upon ordering saw a jar sitting on the counter. I was unnerved and a little bit annoyed because I wasn't sure if it was suppose to be a joke or if it was a true donation jar. A few hours later I was still thinking about this "tip jar" and called the coffeehouse. After 4 attempts a male named Andrew answered and I asked him if this jar was in fact a "tip jar" or a "donation jar", to which he replied "a tip jar" I asked him if it was a joke and if he thought it was funny to which he responded "uhhh, yea". The note on the jar it reads (EBOLA FUN-D a little goes a long way). Personally, I find this distasteful, disrespectful and to me it's not funny nor is it a joke. I will never go back to this establishment and I encourage you all to avoid it as well. There are too many bad things going on in this world,and I would prefer not to give my hard earned money to a place that thinks a worldwide sickness that has killed thousands of people is a joke.
5	Have passed this place many times, but never stopped.  Was in an office nearby and decided to check them out.  They seemed slow, but it was a weekday afternoon. Barista was super nice and baked items looked really yummy.  I might have to come back for the raspberry and cream cheese croissant next time.  Was thinking about giving 4 starts just because they are a bit pricey: wouldn't be my regular place for that reason, but would come back.
3	Came here mid-morning on a weekday, so naturally the place was completely empty. The cashier was friendly and helpful. This would be a nice quiet place to come get some work done or study, since it's so empty, and they have lots of chairs, tables, and sofas to work at. I had the spinach, egg, and cheese croissant and a 12 oz cafe au lait. The croissant could have been flakier, the egg could have been fluffier, and the coffee could have been hotter. The breakfast sandwiches are "made to order," but I have a feeling the egg and cheese were prepared fresh, then sandwiched between two spinach croissants (the tart kind, not a real croissant) that had been sitting in the case. The coffee comes in a paper cup, even if you get it "for here." They have a lot of specialty drinks and desserts that look like fun, but I am not really into fancy coffee drinks - love lattes, americanos, regular coffee, etc., but I don't really like "coffee" drinks that taste like sugar with a splash of coffee. That being said, this is a cute little spot if you're working nearby!
2	2 stars for good friendly service. Lavender scone? Sounded interesting but bottom was completely burned and overall just wasn't that good. Soup was watery and no chunks of veggies or any substance to it.  Could've been microwaved straight from a can for all I know. Left hungry.
