4	I won't lie, the place is sometimes dirty.  Sometimes the food sucks.  I mean I've been eating IHOP food on and off for many years, and before eating at this particular one I would have bet money that you would seriously have to try to screw it up badly.  Also, sometimes the service sucks.  They forget items, they don't remember your special requests, they may or may not bring you condiments, utensils, or even remember to wipe your table.Why then? Why in the world would I give this place four stars?  It's simple.  On Friday and Saturday nights around 2:30, magic happens.  It's generally best to arrive early, say at 2:15 for prime seating.  Around 2:25 the trainwreck begins in earnest.  Liquored up college students shuffle in by the carload.  There will be laughter, tears, raucous and raunchy behavior.  Some will wander off to the bathroom.  Most of them will return.  Random people will start conversations with you.  Some lucky (unlucky?) strangers will hook up.  There may be dancing, singing, even removal of various items of clothing.  You may choose to raise the stakes a little by betting on your favorite contenders for likely drunken behaviors such as, that guy is going to pass out at his table.  Or that girl is coming back from the bathroom with vomit in her hair.It's a lot like a bar or club but the music isn't as loud so it's easier to eavesdrop and / or join conversations.  Plus the real fun is in going completely sober.  Sure, I still like to tie one on now and again and I am certainly not always be a saint in public.  Every once in a while though it's fun to step outside of that and imagine how I must look to everyone else who isn't having the good time I'm having.  When I need a long hard look at myself, I find the patrons of this particular IHOP to  be  excellent mirrors. Especially at the aforementioned times.Come on now, who doesn't enjoy a little schadenfreude with their hashbrowns?
1	I am asking conscientious consumers who believe in voting with their dollars to boycott this establishment because they tow the cars of paying customers.A week ago me and three friends met at the IHOP (International  House of Pancakes) on Apache and Forrest.   I left a HUGE tip to make up for the fact that we didn't purchase all that much food, and the waiter was quite nice. When one friend arrived at IHOP, he thought we were meeting by my dorm (which is literally across the street) and walking over, so he parked at IHOP, called us and walked across the street. And in less than 30 seconds walked BACK across the street and into IHOP.His car was towed WHILE HE WAS INSIDE IHOP. We walked out, couldn't find his car and didn't panic. We knew in our hearts that as PAYING CUSTOMERS, an honest mistake was made and they would take care of us. Nope, not the case. I immediately went back in and asked for the reciept, which the cashier gave me. She was very nice and apologetic and reassuring. As I did that, the one who's car was towed was on the phone with the towing contractor who told him we needed to get a note from IHOP's manager. OK easy enough. So we asked and he began writing the note, and then for whatever reason he called the towing company.Because the towing company's payed spotter (you know that this towing is lucrative for them if they pay a spotter to look for students) saw him cross the street he refused to write a note saying that we were paying customers. I still can't believed this happened. We argued with him for a while, started out quite nice but it degenerated. I swear the manager was smiling for most of the time while telling us "there was nothing he could do." Ultimately he lied to us and said it was the responsibility of the hotel because they had contract with the towing company. So far, we have been unable to resolve this in a reasonable way.It kills me how businesses here treat students. Because there are so many of us, they realize that they can treat us poorly and take advantage of us all over the place, and no matter how many they drive away there will always be more students. I feel really powerless about this, I don't know what I can do to fix it except tell everyone what happened. So I am asking you to PLEASE not go to IHOP while they maintain this policy of abusing students. We can fight back by boycotting them!
3	Sentimental location for me, having eaten and studied here more than 15 years ago and still able to come in for pancakes and remember those days long ago.  I don't care about those who park here and go to the dorms and what not, even for a short period of time.  This is for IHOP customers only, and I'm one pissed off customer if I have to deal with parking issues just to eat.  So if you're inconvenienced to go across the street to your dorm then I don't care.  I'm glad you got towed.  I'm laughing right now, enjoying a drink and laughing at you and your towing bill and frustration.This IHOP is as good as any other and they offer discounts to students and faculty on weekdays.  Not a bad deal.
5	This was a good place with lots of room inside and very clean. The staff was friendly that southern friendly that annoys people fromThe north.The food was very good. Better thanDenny's and I would recommend it as good place to get out of the sun.
2	Went here today with my best friend and thought the place could have been way better. the staff are all young kids which doesn't bother me, but our waiter was a little strange, couldn't remember simple things like what drinks we got, and it wasn't busy so it wasn't like he had to remember many things. The food was good though. But i've been to better Ihops.
3	A few nights ago I went here for the first time in a loooong time. My friend and I went after our night class and were there for close to two hours. And unfortunately, it's not because we were having riveting conversation that kept us in our booth. It took FOREVER to get our drinks, to get our order taken, to get our food, and to get our check. For an omelette and some pancakes. I can't say I'd never return, but the service this time around just wasn't that great.
1	This IHOP is just like every other IHOP except for its proximity to ASU campus. I have eaten there so many times that I cannot even count them. All due to proximity and availability, never due to desire. This is the only restaurant I have watched someone get sick in. It is packed after the bars get out at 2am. It is busy all night. Often with those who are under 21 but over 18 drinking coffee and acting as though it is their living room. Go here for sustenance only!!
4	International Pancakes, in a House thereof. The service can suck if they've got a new person on staff, or if you're an asshole, but usually it's the only reason to go.
4	Usually i am here after ive been drinking... so i see drunk people and i eat... thats about all im good for there. lol
4	I would eat here everyday if I had friends to go with.
3	This location was right by ASU. It was empty on a holiday. Our server was great. The food was cooked perfectly. And they even had a "study hall" for students which I thought was a great idea. The only suggestion that comes from who I attended with is that if there is an upcharge that the waitress mentions it prior to getting a surprise on your bill. There is mention of it in the menu, but it doesn't spell out that there is an extra $2 for a slice of cheese on your eggs.
4	Busy as all of them seem to be. Large menu of choices. I tried a new egg dish and it was excellent.  Also the maple coffee is so yum I wonder why every barista isn't making it?  Hmmm I think I need one of those this week!  And their coffee drinks are cheap!  If it wasn't always a wait I would eat there more.
4	I only go to ihop for pancakes because I don't really like anything else on the menu. Ordered chocolate chip pancakes and a hot chocolate. Everything was great and I left full and satisfied!!
4	It's IHOP... What more needs to be said? :)
4	Don't ever expect too much when you come to an IHOP except for lots of pancake fun. It's location is tucked inside a hotel parking lot. Never very busy at the times I have gone.   Love their all you can eat pancake specials when they have them.  Last time I tried the banana caramel pancake that they had on special and it was sinfully fabulous.  Because the place wasn't very packed the wait staff was not very attentive to needs. Water glasses were refilled regularly.  Also they have a problem with splitting the bill and it doesn't matter what time of day or night that it is.
5	Literally right across the street from the Hayden Hall dorms, the staff is always friendly, and students can catch the school wifi if they sit near the windows.A lot of the staff is young, probably students, and inexperienced, but always polite and willing to listen.The few times I have had a bad server, I've never seen them more than once.And the hot chocolate is to DIE for at 3am when you can't sleep.
1	Went in, middle of the afternoon. Only two tables are seated.  A cook from the back came out, saw us and went back to the kitchen. We waited to be seated for 10+ minutes and eventually left and went to Riverview IHOP. The next day, we tried the IHOP on Apache again. It was morning and packed. Waited again for a while, no one came to seat us. Back to Riverview.Won't be returning.
5	This is the best ihop in the valley. So go there because they have great service and everyone is nice. The food is really good. My favorite food is the pancakes. They are the best, so next time you go try the whole wheat pancakes. This is also a very good place for kids. That's all Folks.
4	Every time I come here the staff is always super friendly. If would want to be sieatted away from the noise of the other customers they make sure of that. I have been here in the morning for breakfast, business lunches, and even after a night on mill. I have always had awesome survice.
4	Can't even begin to guess how many late-late nights I've spent here. Memories and food, the best combo.
3	Signed up on the internet yesterday. Today, eating a full free breakfast and its good. Smartphone coupons,google it.
3	Good service, fast. Join the pancake revolution on ihop just google it and get three meals free in a year,not bad for free.
1	Horrible service took well over an hour to get our food. Waitress was rude from the minute we sat down
3	This location was right across from the campus theater, and we were in the area for a show, so this was definitely a convenient spot.  We walked in and were seated right away and our drink orders were taken really quickly too.It was a little rough in the middle of after drink orders, since it took about 15 minutes after that to have our orders taken and to get our drinks. The hostess ended up stopping by our table to take the order - which we guess was due to the fact that our waitress probably was a little overwhelmed. The food came out about 15 minutes after ordering and we had to eat quickly to ensure we didn't miss our show time. I had the Turkey Dinner and he had one of the pancake combos (the white chocolate raspberry I believe was the name). My turkey dinner was just okay.  The turkey was cut into small pieces, and definitely wasn't the long cut strips like it was in the picture on the menu (but it never is right?).  His pancakes were a good pick - the Egg Nog pancakes looked like they would have been a good pick, too!I paid our ticket as soon as I was done eating so that we could take off as soon as my fiancee was done.  Overall: B-Service was good.  Food was okay - definitely an "A-OK" visit.
2	The cool thing about this restaurant is that it's right next to ASU campus. Whether it's after class, after you wake up with a hangover or after a late night party, you can always go get some food.I guess the more convenient, the worst everything else gets. Not that I will stop coming here but the service, attitude and general environment is pretty lousy. Usually short staff and food takes forever to cook.There are much better IHOP restaurants but they are not as busy as this one. Go here for convenience. Go elsewhere for better service.
5	I've been to this IHOP location twice and have had pleasant experiences both times.Most recently, I visited here on a random Wednesday morning and found service was a little slow because of a large group that had arrived unexpectedly.  I was initially displeased by the temperature of the food and how long it took to arrive because of this large group, so I talked to the manager to express my concern.  The manager was very apologetic and agreed to pay for the meal because of it!I'm very pleased to have received great service on my first trip and have the manager take care of me on my second trip.I definitely will be returning soon!
2	Food was undercooked and not fresh. Got food poisoning from there. The restaurant was not well cleaned. Coffee is terrible. The food maybe be better cooked during the mornings; I went to IHOP at 11pm. I would not recommend this IHOP.
2	I came here yesterday with some friends and it was just alright. It was your typical IHOP food. It is convenient because it is right next to ASU, but the parking lot looks kind of sketchy as does the inside of the building. It just looks a little run down. The food is al right. Nothing spectacular. The servers were very friendly and kept refilling our glasses, even when we were finished eating which is nice. It just wasn't anything I was super amazed about. I might come back if I want some quick, cheap pancakes, but there are just so many other good restaurants in Tempe I would probably pass.
2	The food takes SUPER long to be served. Kinda disappointing and makes me wonder if they do it on purpose to fulfill the waitress's $3/hour.On the other hand, their service is pretty good.I'm pretty hungry, still waiting for my food.
1	This place is closed...Not sure why yelp hasn't updated the information yet...
