1	Friendly hotel staff.  Wifi is absolutely terrible and seldom works. Cigarette burns on the shower ledge along with the room smelling like an ash tray.
4	Not sure why this hotel received such poor reviews but our stay was fine. Pool was clear and hot tub was warm though not a lot of strong jets. Breakfast was fine for a free breakfast, waffles, boiled eggs, link sausage , pastries, biscuits and gravy, cereal, juice and coffee. Room was clean, sheets crisp, pillows and bed ok. Staff was friendly. Housekeeping was good. We have pets so they would do our room early so we didn't have to leave our cats looked in their kennel all day. Would stay here again with no problems.
1	A terrible experience.  I booked the room using hotels.com and prepaid but when I arrived they could not find my booking.  I had to call hotels.com and then they had to call the hotel.  The front desk clerk kept giving me room keys that did not work.  Upon checkout we were running late and called for a later checkout.  We were curtly told "No" that we had to be out by 1200 noon.  At 1230 they started to call the room and sent a housekeeper to stand outside the front door as I was loading the car.  Then a maintenance/security guard arrived to watch me load the car.  We were out by 1245.  Oh yes, and the previous day they decided to do construction in the room above us so that we could not sleep.  This hotel needs a massive lesson in hospitality.
4	Not the nicest hotel, only because it is a bit dated, but other than that the place is great.It is clean and has an old school charm reminiscent of an Old Route 66 higher-end motor lodge. Clean rooms and comfortable beds.....No bed bugs! (1/15)Outdoor pool and hot tub area is great!Free breakfast is standard Quality Inn fare, but prepared with attention and care far exceeding most other Quality Inns. Breakfast host is as dedicated to her roll as every employee we met up to the general manager. Truly impressive team here providing over the top hospitality....I would praise them more if it wouldn't give the impression I was connected in some way to the hotel! I am not!!We were in a desperate traffic travel situation and chose this hotel despite the 1 star Yelp rating. SO happy we opted for this hotel during our predicament. Could not have picked a place more conducive to reducing our stress! The Holiday Inn nearby would not have provided near the ambiance.Only con is the noise level around 8 am, but that is to be expected at a traveler's hotel.We would absolutely recommend this hotel to any friend or family.
