5	I found Le Spa when I moved to Madison about 3.5 years ago and I wanted to find a place that used Dermalogica products. I went to see Marie and was very impressed. I got a facial which was extremely relaxing, but also left my skin clear and hydrated. She did a wonderful neck and shoulder massage, as well as a moisturizing hand massage. Marie suggested products for me to purchase, but didn't pressure me to buy anything, which I really appreciated. I recently got a Brazilian wax with Marie that I was also very pleased with. It was quick and efficient - exactly what you hope for with waxing!I highly recommend Marie to anyone in the market for skin care or hair removal. You will not be disappointed!
5	I can not say enough good things about Marie. She is very friendly and makes you feel at ease while she's giving you a brazilian wax. The last thing I want to have to worry about while getting one, is feeling uncomfortable with the person doing it. She talks to you the whole time to try to get your mind off of what's going on. She also remembers her repeat customers. If you are looking to get a brazilian wax, or any wax for that matter, I strongly suggest you try Le Spa..
5	I just moved to Madison from California and needed to find a new bikini waxing place.  I've been waxed by the same lady in California for the past two years (also the only lady, I should say) so I was pretty nervous.  Marie was really nice and made me feel perfectly comfortable.  She was also really thorough and less painful than my lady in California!  Her rates are really good and she offers a 20% discount on your first service.  Definitely will be back.
4	I highly recommend Marie for Brazilian waxing! She was fantastic! I just moved from Milwaukee a few months ago and had no idea where to go here for such a personal thing. I was pleasantly surprised! Marie was quick, efficient and extremely professional. I plan to get this done on a regular basis with Marie. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	Great waxing experience! Marie is very nice and the waxing is pain free and well done.
