2	This Starbucks is located in the D Concourse of McCarran International Airport - all the way at the far end of the Concourse by D Gates 52 through 58.On the one hand, I am grateful for the caffeine fix I received as the result of this Starbucks, but I was feeling particularly crabby and impatient this morning (fighting Bronchitis) and the line seemed to take forever to move. It was probably only five minutes - BUT there were only two people in line in front of me. There were four Starbucks employees behind the counter. One was running the register, one making drinks, and two doing "busy work" (stocking, etc.).When I finally got to the register, I ordered a Tall coffee - WITH ROOM FOR CREAM! and a bottle of water As I ordered this, I stated it loud and clearly. I immediately opened the coffee - and she had filled it to the brim. I restated politely: "I asked for ROOM FOR CREAM." She then emptied a bit out and told me if I needed still more room to empty it into the trash can.I understand that Starbucks is probably not a career choice folks - but please listen to your customers. Exercise some self awareness. And always, ALWAYS, whatever you do in life, choose to excel and do the best possible job one can.Here is the direct link for this particular Starbucks:http://www.starbucks.com/store/10743
4	Great Drive-Thru Starbucks, but does congest traffic a little on Bethel.
5	Happily, I had a much better experience than other people.  I ordered a doppio con panna and it was made quickly and perfectly.  The barista obviously didn't think he needed to fill the entire cup up with whip cream like at other places....I thank you for that!
3	Bummer that I couldn't use my reward here. My latte was good.
3	Sometimes life just isn't complete without a cup of joe ... from Starbucks. Or in my case, green tea or some sort of frappuccino. Considering how locals and visitors are out and about during all hours, it's quite true that caffeine fixes are important in LV. Whether it means you're coming to start an epic weekend or leaving your sins behind for another destination, this airport Starbucks is here to serve you.All the basic airport location rules apply: higher prices and wicked lines during the afternoon. I would never hold it against the staff for having to deal with unruly and stressed out travelers, but I've had decent results here. My typical experience involves no lines, becoming $5 poorer with a cold vanilla bean frappuccino in hand and on my way out.Don't come in expecting any wifi, seating, or Starbucks cafe music. This concourse D joint is more kiosk than cafe.
4	Nice convenient Starbucks - great for my early morning flight across country to Ft. Myers, FL.The brews are on point, exactly as expected. The only drawback was they do not have scanners to read the Starbucks card/app on my iPhone. They hand keyed in my code and all was well.
3	Ah, it is always such sad sorrow to leave the adult Disney World known as Las Vegas. Back to humdrum reality.Located near the end of the D gate area this kiosk location served it's purpose with a grande iced coffee while waiting for my flight out of Sin City. Baristas working the counter were pleasant, and this small Starbucks has many of the normal coffee, snack, and food offerings to make a quick grab and go to your flight.As I boarded my plane with coffee in hand I was serenaded by the clink clinks of the slot machines that line the floor near the gates beckoning me back for another swing through the city that whatever happen there stays there.
3	Nice place to pick up some green tea before or after a flight
4	Convenient Starbucks for my early morning fix.  Staff was friendly, helpful and even suggested a new variation on my favorite drink.I didn't experience any of the issues that others here mentioned.  For me, it was like a bright beacon of hope at the end of a long terminal walkway!
2	Was not able to use my gift card here.  Only explanation I got was "Sorry, Starbuck's system is down"After reading other reviews here, the problem with "Starbuck's System" seems to be consistent at this location.Otherwise, it's okay if you like overpriced coffee.
3	This is just one of the many Starbucks in Las Vegas. Several at LAS alone. I was so fed-up with Starbucks by the time I got to this one that, that, THAT....yeah, I stopped and bought myself another Latte for the way home. Only a few and very minimal differences from your Neighborhood Starbucks. Main difference is computer related.
1	The only SANE reason I would pay $5 for an iced tea is for the discounted refills. Apparently they don't do that here. I freakin hate the inconsistencies between Starbucks locations! I'm learning to stick to the few good locations around Las Vegas & ignore the rest.
1	If you need your Starbucks fix before your flight, all airport Starbucks don't accept any member reward promotions or any other promotions that every other Starbucks outside the airport accept. Also, they didn't accept any gift cards or rewards card.
1	The only reason why this location receives one star is merely due to the fact that the coffee didn't make me barf. This location is terrible in flavor, freshness, and service.. Every time I order a drink, I have to go back and return it. Do not recommend at all :(
5	Had great service from barista Margarita-she was patient with the line but also speedy on the register and has a truly lovely personality, making anyone's morning brighter :-)
3	Fast airport service; they offer more than what is advertised on the menu, so ask for what you want and typically see at the chain.
1	You would think that a Starbucks located in an airport would be more customer focused, extremely disappointed. Drink is terrible and this was after it was remade (which I had to pay for) and I had a rude barista.
2	I got to the cashier and she walked off, went to the back without,  saying anything to me or any of the other customer's.  The next server assisted us after 5min, so after placing my order, they tell me that the Starbucks app, or gift cards do not work. This is the 2nd time at the airport and Starbucks gift cards do not work...why is that so..
1	Really?A ton of flights leaving at 6am, at the E gates, and they don't open till 6am??At 5:30 there is a line of 9 customers already waiting in the area.They can't say it's due to no customers, as I went thru TSA at about 5am, and there has been a steady flow walking by, looking to buy coffee.This location needs to get with the program.
4	We love Starbucks and readily admit we are Starbucks addicts. Hard to believe but this location is more expensive than the Strip area Starbucks that we visited earlier today. So, why the 4 star rating? Because they pulled the usual airport Starbucks trick of saying that their server was down and couldn't accept our gold card. Really? That is an old trick. So when my hubby said that we couldn't buy anything, the response was, oh no we can try it. Amazing it worked. Those tricky old servers! Just cannot trust a computer. The coffee? Absolutely wonderful.
1	Sorry, our starbucks card system is down...  Funny, other credit cards work just fine. Time to get your act together and support your own payment system
2	I mean what can you say, it's a Starbucks in an airport. I don't know whether to blame the cashier that rang me up or the guy that was making the drinks, but on top of messing up the drink order for the lady before me, he also messed up mine, so it obviously took double the time to get the drinks. Even with him having to remake mine, it was still slightly off. He did kinda have this "I'm just here to work" swagger, not much in the attentive customer service department.It is what it is, at least it's the same prices and not more expensive compared to a regular Starbucks location. They do take the Starbucks card for payment, so that's a plus.
2	So after a long flight I was excited to have my first Starbucks of the day I was quite disappointed as the credit card system was down I could not use my app. To add misery to wallow the toaster didn't work thus no toasted bagel. Just a bad experience I'm sure it is not always this way as I was leaving I was hoping for a saving grace but my thank you was as sad from the clerk as was my total experience
4	i had good service, but a lady in front of me in line did not. not sure why. your standard airport starbucks.
2	Your drink will be good but they are about as slow as Christmas. Almost missed my flight and my oatmeal with milk looked like soup. Just skip it, get pastry and drink or plan ahead that even though you are third in line you are no where close to being next.
