4	This should REALLY be a 3-point-something-low star review but I am giving the benefit of the doubt. My family loves this place and, although their palettes are less sophisticated than my own, I admit I got the crappiest dish at the table. I ordered the cioppino because....well, I LOVE cioppino. This one sucked. Seriously, it sucked. The broth was thin and flavorless and, most strangely, it had a really strange color. When I pointed it out to my mom, she comfortingly said, "Yeah, I'd be afraid to eat it." For whatever reason, I wasn't, and I did eat it but the quality of the seafood was pretty low and dish was severely lacking overall.That being said, the bloody mary I had was pretty good and they make a good cosmopolitan. The salmon cakes, fried scallop, mixed grains, and ahi steak I tried were all pretty tasty. I also enjoyed my walnut salad though it really could've stood to have apple/pear/cranberry or some sort of fruit. The salad dressing was acceptable but not delicious. The fresh bread they serve before the meal was very tasty and I approve of the sauce assortment adorning each table. Since my meal was less then stellar, I'm glad I wasn't really hungry to begin with. I'd go back and definitely order something else. It's perhaps my own fault, though-- what the hell was I thinking when I ordered seafood in the desert? This isn't the kind of place that flies fish in. (In my defense, however, they had sushi that I was wayyyy too smart to order! Ugh.)
4	Kings Fish house is the ultimate, casual dining, seafood resturant. It is awesome. Everytime I have gone there to eat, it is paked with locals and guests of the nearby GVR Resort and Casino. If you are a seafood fan, you'll love kings. They focus more on the seasonal seafood ingredients, and every day the menu changes, each day adding or changing a special to what was caught that day. According to a waiter there, all of their seafood is caught daily and arrives seven hours after being harvested from the sea. I always do a surf and turf combo. I always ask my dinner guests(i.e. family, friends, ect.) to split a filet with steak butter and the swordfish, or the lobster, or the scallops, or the salmon. They are all wonderful.
5	I took my mother here when she was in town, as she was on a strict diet and could only eat very bland foods.  The kitchen staff was very accommodating in preparing her dish as requested, even though it clearly upset the chef in letting the dish leave the kitchen as it was.  My meal was fantastic, and not bland at all.  We ended up going back the next day for another meal there, and I was just as happy with another meal there.  I've been back once or twice since and have not had a bad visit.  Highly recommended.
4	So I'll be comparing this place to McCormick, because to me this place was a CLONE of McCormick. I don't know which came first, and I can't fault one for copying the other or whatever, but it's impossible to deny how similar they are. Drinks - Mojito was decent and well priced ($6)Sushi - WTF, this is a fish place, and half the stuff has KRAB salad with a K in it.. or perhaps think up rolls that don't require this stuff. Honestly 60% + had this crap in it. Would it kill them to use real crab? Seriously. We tried the crunch roll and it was just ok.. nothing special, but not gross or anything.Coconut shrimp... A+, better than others I've had at McCormicks, etc.Idaho Trout... decent price (I think $12ish, compared to McCormick's $17ish), and good quality. Comes with 2 sides of your choice. Service was eh. All in all a decent experience, and I look forward to trying them again. Atmosphere was good (cute patio), but if other menu items suck I'll take away some stars later. Cool feature that they offer sushi.. but come on, step up the quality on that one.
5	Hit KFH tonite w. sister and her two daughters.  Busy, but no wait.  Sits within the District, has a nice patio area, perfect weather to sit outside so we do.I've eaten at several of the KFH's in so cal and i feel it's the best casual seafood place around.  Most of the fish prices ( comes with 2 side dishes - about 12 different sides to choose from )  are in the $15-$25 range.  Of course, if you hit them for king crab legs or lobster you are gonna pay !The KFH is on par with my past experiences at the other location,   we started with some sashimi.  i gotta admit, i feel that they shouldn't have sushi at KFH but given my diet, it's a perfect starter. sashimi - yellowtail and salmon.  both were decent, not stellar but hit the spot.  I had the charbroiled ono, spinach and cole slaw - all good ! Sis had the ahi tuna - seared, red potatoes and veggies.  The kids had salmon and shark ( i was surprised they went with the non-kids menu items ) They loved it.total bill ( no dessert, also a soup and salad for the group, sodas )$125.  If you are in the mood for seafood, moderate budget, King's is the place.
2	ehhhh. i've had better seafood. maybe i'm picky cause i eat seafood at least 4 times a week. this is a typical seafood restaurant where very american-ized families can enjoy a dinner. i thought it was going to be more unique because i imagine the district to be a very hip place. but it was very mundane. nothing stood out at me. granted, the food wasn't bad. maybe it deserves a higher rating, but i thought it was a bit overpriced for what was being served. and so that was a pretty big disappointment. so yeah, if you don't like seafood, you would really like this place!
3	King's is pretty good, they have great tuna poke, and the crab legs are good, but pricey!!The one thing they do have that is AMAZING is the Key Lime Pie, if you like Key Lime that is... they make it fresh daily on premises.. so my review is largely to let you know if you eat there save room for the dessert, mainly the Key Lime Pie!!!!
3	not great but not bad
2	2 stars = Meh. I've experienced better.So i have to give it two stars cause i've experienced better. Long story short I dont really think it was worth the price. My vegetables and rice were cold and I wish I would have walked over to Ethel's for dessert.
3	Went to King's Fish House on Saturday night after deciding 1 buffet a day was enough. Unlike at Lucille's, there was no wait for a table on the patio and we were seated quickly. It was my mom's second time at KFH and on her recommendation I ordered the parmesan sanddabs with spinach and macaroni & cheese. Despite having a slightly scary name, the sanddabs were a really mild white fish, like tilapia, and tasted mostly of the caper sauce. I also tried some of my mom's fish & chips which were tasty, but I would have preferred a beer batter over the bread crumb kind. My grandma's sushi was also pretty decent, but I thought it was a little over priced. it's 16 pieces for like $20, but 8 of those pieces are California rolls which I believe were made with KRAB. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but wouldn't mind coming back either. There are TONS of choices on the menu and everyone is sure to find something. As far as seafood restaurant chains go, it definitely beats red lobster :P
2	This place on it's best day is just alright. The service was OK, actually they dropped my friend's food which resulted in a longer wait. We had the oysters and it was OK (oysters are better at The Southpoint). I had the halibut and it was really dry. $26 for a dry fillet of halibut - yikes!!! The sides were good. The portions are really small. I guess the verdict would be so-so food that is a bit over priced.
5	This place is YUMMY!  The drinks were good, the sushi was tasty and the lobster and sides were all sooooooooo great. We shared dessert too (there is always room for dessert). I left this restaurant SO full but satisfied!  I can't wait til I am back in the area and can eat here again.
3	went to kings on saturday for an early meal, while out doing the day after xmas shopping!  i have been here a few times for my seafood fix, and time after time the service is very slow, and this visit is the same (at least they are consistent!!)started the table with the chilled seafood platter for 24.95  comes with 4 dungeness crab legs, 4 oysters, 4 clams and 8 shrimps.  and i think this one of the best deals in vegas for a shellfish platter.entrees were grilled shrimp and scallop skewars, kids burger and a combo fried platter.   the fried platter was not to good,  over breaded and gummy shrimp and scallops, and 1 little peice of cod/haddocki usually get the sanddabs or something that is on special,  ill stick with that in the future.  but in all actuallity i just come for the shellfsih platter!!!
3	I heard great things about this place from friends of mine and we decided to finally give it a shot a few weeks ago.  Not bad, but not good enough for me to drive down to Henderson just for their food.We ordered their clam chowder and seafood platter to eat.  There is a sushi bar in case you want sushi, which we ordered sashimi from.  Everything was good.  For some reason we received special attention from the manager and received three - $10 gift certificates to come back again. I gave them away.The one thing that bothered me about this place was the amount of stares we received for either a)being big people or b) being brown.  I'm not saying that the white people down there are racist, but I honestly felt like I was some animal under observation through the entire meal.Prices are reasonable, and the food is good, but not enough to make me want more.
4	Great swordfish. Wonderful Sour Dough French Bread. Be sure to try their Artichoke appetizer.  It is grilled and served with a pesto sauce.  I found the fried catfish to be a bit salty though.
2	King's Fish House is in a nice location at The District at Green Valley Ranch.  The design of the restaurant is nice, and it is a comfortable place.  I have found the service here to be reasonably good.  However, I am not a big fan of the food - it is serviceable, but nothing remarkable.  Sushi is not worth ordering here as it doesn't compare well to sushi restaurants that focus on this type of cuisine.Other dishes, including the fresh fish and sides, are ok, but, again, nothing remarkable.I do like many restaurants at The District (Lucille's, Kennedy, Settlebello), but this one just doesn't offer anything of great interest of exceptional quality in my experience.
4	It's been nearly 2 years since my original writeup so time for an update..First and mostly importantly Kings has NO CORKAGE for all of 2010!!! Get an awesome wine from Whole Foods across the way and bring it the hell in. Our waitress was kind enough to put our Reisling on Ice.. sweet! Now for the food:*Idaho Trout has gone up quite a bit since '08! It was $17 last night (with choice of two sides), but still worth it in my book. I had the mashed potatoes (yum), and mac n cheese (not so yum, way too dry).*My husband had a shrimp curry dish. I know you're thinking WTF curry at Kings? But it was quite delicious actually! Served with jasmine rice, pineapple, and snap peas we were pleasantly surprised by how awesome it was. It was also a decent value at $16 - included 14 large shrimp !Overall a pretty damn good dinner for $40 (oh yeah +$8 for the bottle of wine we bought at Whole Foods to bring over!).
2	My overall impression was that it was too noisy - not music, just clatter and chatter. The acoustics were terrible. It was so bothersome especially in comparison to the quiet atmosphere at Terra Verde the previous evening, that I listened to my ipod to drown it out.The meal was ok.  Sapphire martini was well chilled. Hearts of Romaine were a little wilted. Atlantic salmon was not overcooked. No waiting on a Monday evening at 8:30.
5	Great! 2 adults and 2 kids Plus a baby- seated promptly (Monday, 6/21/10, but it was busy around 7:30pm). Sat inside for the air conditioning, outside seemed full and had water misters to keep you cool. We had oysters on the half shell-excellent (Otter Cove from the Hood Canal in Puget Sound, WA), steamed mussels-excellent, small Caesar salad-great except the croutons were way too hard, curry shrimp entree-excellent (I know, why curry in a fish house, in fact I almost slapped my wife when she ordered it, but it really was great, I'll deal with her later). Kids had fish and chips and pasta with butter and Parmesan cheese-they loved it all (ages 6 and 7). Service was friendly, our server seemed a little new to the business-wasn't too savvy or confident, but he did a good job and didn't bug the sh** out of us like some servers do.  This was a "happening" spot, with tile floors so it was a little noisy, but if you want quiet, go to bed! We did not think it was overly loud. They also had a nice looking sushi bar we will try next time we are there on vacation.
5	Great value and an outstanding variety of fresh oysters and seafood. When you can try to make it in for their live spiny lobsters they are a real treat very sweet and full of flavor. I really enjoy Kings as a whole. They offer a large menu with variety and a seasonal section to keep things fresh.
4	Went here on Sunday night as that is my only available "date night" due to a grueling work schedule. Was really craving some seafood and since it had cooled down from 600 degrees down to 101, I wanted patio seating. King's Fish House it was. Parking as usual was a pain in the ass being that it's the super trendy District and people have to walk their dogs, get coffee and be "seen". We walked in and were greeted by a hostess who seemed to have no clue as to what her job was or how to do it. We kept asking about the patio and she was super confused. Maybe she wasn't aware that they had one??? After some effort she sat us on the patio (table 204 to be exact and I'll elaborate later on how I know that). Alex was our server and he was amaze-balls!!!! After ordering our cocktails and wine, he answered some questions and made suggestions to us, which I love about a good server. The patio was perfect, not too crowded and the people watching was stellar. Plenty of Green Valley Guys and Girls to giggle at their choice of outfit and trendy, sparkly jeans. This night did not disappoint. Okay so our food. . . the food with the exception of some of the raw oysters, was perfect. Alex checked back appropriately and swung by the bar to grab more cocktails for us. During our dinner we had two different sets of male servers, step out on to the patio making mention of 204. Note to respective female patrons, you will never go without drinks or condiments on King's Fish House male server's watch. Very subtle guys. Anyways, Alex noticed that some of my food was left untouched, upon asking me why I just explained it didn't taste right. He immediately involved a manager and he was very contrite and offered to remove it from the bill. This is upsetting to me for the following reasons; A. Do that many people complain to get free stuff? Duh, I already know the answer to that. B. I ate almost all of it, I should be charged for it. C. I was told sorry and offered every way to make it better. That is sufficient enough for me. Well, good old Alex and our friendly manager guy took it off our check anyways. Upon receiving the check of which, low and behold table 204 we were indeed, we saw that he removed it. We then payed the total and tipped on the full amount prior to the comp!!!!!!! Pay attention and learn something, some of you. The comp had nothing to do with service!!!!! Servers shouldn't be penalized for that, so we left a bit extra just for his personality and enjoyed our dessert and coffee and left. Thank you King's for a nice meal and an environment in which to enjoy it in.
3	We went here on a Saturday afternoon, b4 the dinner rush and there wasnt that many people seated , with the exception of one very affectionate couple, I thought the girl was going to swallow her boyfriend whole. She was literally on top of his lap when we walked in? crazy. We were in the mood for good seafood so we didnt order sushi but they do offer it. Kinda pricy place, but it was good. I went with the blackened catfish with mac n cheese with veggies. oh so good. everything I tasted was delicious. I didnt order the dinner salad and glad I didnt but I did clean my plate, everything was so good. Mybf  ordered tilapia. kinda bland in my opinion but he doesnt like salt... I do... i like herbs and spices.. and this place had it. even on the veggies. Its a must try - hard to turn down the bbq nxt door but if you can you must try this place. Side note: we felt like a mexican whole stole something @ macy's everyone was looking at us--- not the couple making out?? If it wasnt for this feeling of being stared at I;d have given an extra star. But the food alone - 4.5 stars. small portions, but u know what they say. If you want to be the smaller size, order the smaller size ;)
4	One of the few seafood places where they have a great sushi bar too! Great selection of fish cooked pretty much anyway you want it. Appetizers are good, I recommend the grilled artichoke, it's great!Parking is a nightmare, but you can usually find a space on the I-215 side of the district and walk a little further. A little on the high side price wise, but overall a nice place to eat.
4	I was with a group of coworkers at GVR and we walked around and decided to try this place out, it was my second time but a first for everyone else and it turned out to be a well received choice.  I have to start off by saying this place has amazing bread that was fresh and the service was always at the ready to refill drinks and the break basket, both of which are big points for me.  I decided to be adventurous and instead of the halibut as usual I want for the soft shell crap picatta and it was quite delicious with generous portions.  Usually I only focus on the entree but this time I really need to put in a strong suggestion for the spinach and sweet carrots, both well exceeded expectations and as with everything else seemed to be quite fresh.  I recommend this place for business meals or a date as it's well suited for either and it's a great place to take advantage of cool and comfortable evening weather for dining alfresco.
4	Came here after work yesterday with some coworkers, and was very impressed.  Great alternative to eating on the strip.  Price was a little more than I'm used to spending in California, but it was expected seeing as though the seafood is flown in.  Had the crab cocktail....drool, three types of oysters.....more drool, and the clam bake....heaven.Will come again when I have the money to blow!  Nice atmosphere, it was still warm out, so we sat on the patio (where you can smoke).  Seafood goodness.
4	Yes, its a chain however this place is truly a chain done well. It is one of my go to places for either a quick bite/lunch/full dinner. This place has not let me down. Its really nice to have consistency in food quality sometimes.  I guess over the years I have probably eaten 30+ times. It's always a good choice if you are a seafood lover. Is it the best seafood you can get, no but it truly is good-time and again.
4	Yum! Ahi Poke Salad and Tuna Tataki Roll!
4	I had the Coconut Curry Shrimp, and my partner had Idaho Rainbow Trout. Both dishes were excellent! Even the Buttered Sweet Corn was delicious. The place is a tad expensive, but the food and decent service make it worthwhile.
3	Stopped by this place a while ago. We were in Henderson a while back and wanted some seafood and this place just seemed like the obvious choice. Parking was easy and the restaurant is not far from the parking lot so that was nice. We started off with the crab cakes and an artichoke. The crab cakes were good and the artichoke was OK but, Gallagher's Steakhouse still has the best artichoke appetizer I've had to date. I had the 1 3/4-2lb lobster for an entree. This was also very tasty. Not tough or underdone, cooked just right. And the kitchen's timing was good. I live in the NW so it is a bit of a drive for me. The prices were a bit steep considering I can get similar quality elsewhere but overall not a bad place to pick up some seafood at the District if you are in the area.
3	Food quality is good.  Service is fine.  Wouldn't go out of the way to go here, but convenience is a factor and why I choose it over and over again.
3	I came here for lunch with one of my friends when we were exploring the area. Our server told us that their menu changes daily. I was surprised to see that an american-style seafood place also serves sushi, but I guess it makes sense, since it's all fish.I had grilled salmon with grilled zucchini and rosemary potatoes and a small cup of their white bean and smoked salmon soup. The soup was really good. It tasted like a southwestern style soup with a little kick. The salmon was delicious as well as the zucchini. The zucchini was so juicy and it had a nice crunch to it. The potatoes weren't anything special.The service was good. I think their plate presentation could be improved though. Their complimentary bread was also very delicious. Hot and fresh each time.
4	The location in the District is awesome and they have a covered patio with plenty of seating. Managment seems to be on top of their game here the food and service was excellent. I have been to King's many times in San Diego and I think the prices and menu are pretty much identical.
5	My family, friends and I are huge fans of Kings' Fish House and have been since the day they opened in the District.  It's our "go to" place for lunch and often for dinner providing we can sit outside.The Idaho Rainbow Trout is out of this world and always perfectly done.  Ditto for the salmon.  My son loves the Parmesan Crusted Sand Dabs and orders them whenever they're on the menu.   Good Shrimp dishes and the salmon sushi (I'm a novice here) is excellent!  I love fresh oysters and this is the place to go.  The Fanny Bays are always great as are a few of the others.  I always get an order of raw oysters before a meal and have never been disappointed.  My friend claims the Crab Louie Salad is the best she's ever had -and she knows!The Caesar salad is outstanding and the bread is - well we get an extra order every time.  It's that good. The Con here is that thier Oysters Rockefeller are about the blandest, and most uninteresting  O.R. I've ever had.  Most of the menu items stay the same but several dishes change daily.  We love to eat on the patio and people watch.  The heaters keep the patio very comfy and warm during the winter.  If there is a downside, then it has to be that dining indoors here is extremely noisy.  Sound bounces off the tile floors and walls and conversation at dinner is almost impossible.  That's why we eat on the patio.  Service is superb and always has been.  Smoking in restaurants is prohibited in Nevada (thank goodness) but if you sit on the bar patio you can smoke there.
5	Went for Happy Hour.  I was Happy!!!  Grilled Artichoke....Calamari California rolls, chicken wings..........................  all Yummy!!And a specialty Margi to top off the great couple of hours of Service.
1	Very disappointed in this place both times we went. I don't mind paying a decent price for good food but I have to say $18 for fish & chips that are less than mediocre is a bit much. 1st time we thought they must just be off their game. 2nd time proved they are not worth our time and money.
2	half a step above Red Lobster, but that's about it.  My wife's crab cakes looked like soemthing from a Mrs. Paul's package.  The oysters were good...but then other than not serving them fresh, how can you screw up an oyster.  I doubt that I'll return.
2	This was my third and perhaps last visit to Kings Fish House.  Service is ok at best, not bad not good just ok. I started with a cup of soup that was barely warm, I told the server she apologized took it back to the kitchen and returned with yet another cup of less then warm soup. Dinner seemed to be rushed my wife ordered halibut and I had a version surf and turf with lobster medallions and a steak, the medallions seemed like claw meat and the steak was from a roast, and under cooked. The halibut was raw through out, how an expediter would let that leave the kitchen is beyond me. The server apologized and offered her another drink, which she charged us for, I didn't say anything but just took a mental note. One glaring thing that I always notice is that the manger never seems to be in a jovial or even in a pleasant mood and it shows. Just another over priced tourist trap in a locals market.
1	All food was blah - we had salmon and crabcakes - I would not recommend.
4	The food is rockin' at this place.  We would go there more often, but it is a bit pricey.  Husband is not into fish, but they have a good variety of other options that intice him.
4	I know what you are thinking - you want to run away because I am reviewing a chain!  I live within walking distance of so many chains and Eric R. and I had never been here together.  This was our second date night in the District.  We had an excellent waiter Adam - and enjoyed our dinner on the patio in perfect weather.I have come a few times on my own and stuck with the soft shell crab sandwich.  It was compelling on the menu because the season for soft shell is almost gone, but I noticed yellowtail on the menu in the charbroiled section.  I went for it and got northwest veggies (caramelized shallots, sugar snap peas and carrots) and summer grains (6 types of wild rice) - we split this don't worry :) added the Southwest salad (avocado too mmmm the unexpected) and Eric R. ordered the wild salmon tataki roll.  It ended up being a tad spicy for him.To go with our seafood, I had passionfruit iced tea.  Adam refilled our drinks and gave us lots of bread very quickly.  He was attentive and friendly.  The good service and decent food makes me want to return.  I could even just go for some side dishes!
5	Best oysters in town!  We visit weekly since the seafood is always fresh, nicely prepared, and service is outstanding.  Never had a problem in years of coming here.
5	I have always enjoyed dining here. Great service, atmosphere & food!
4	There are two things I love. Seafood and this place.
3	No corkage fees!!  Their wine list isn't bad, but our home collection is already custom fit to our palates.  More liquid yum without the mark up equals happy faces.I want to give King's more loving because the night was a lot of fun.  Despite all the good things going on, my shrimp entree missed the scrumptious mark.  I ordered their N'awlins Farm-Raised BBQ Shrimp, which was so completely over seasoned that I couldn't taste the shrimp.  However, the bf's dish, the Picatta Style Swordfish, was the star of the night.  The most tender swordfish you'll ever sink your teeth into packed with a powerful punch of buttery lemon caper flavor in every bite.  The consistency is almost that of a light, fluffy pancake, not the typical firm steak style preparation.  They are more than happy to offer substitutions on any of the side dishes that might already come paired with your dish.  We both opted to swap in their cheesy grits.  Despite hailing from the South, I'm not always a fan of grits, UNLESS they're packed with cheese.  Cheesy satisfaction,  check!We started the evening with the calamari.  It arrived perfectly cooked to a light golden crisp with more of the delightful hoops and less tentacle pieces. We went on a Thursday evening around 7:30 and the atmosphere was fairly quiet, but the layout offers an setup that could become quite lively on a high traffic night.  Think abundant booths and generous lighting throughout with a more softly lit saloon off to the side.  Perfect place for a casual date or to gather a group of friends; not ideal for a an intimate dinner.Our server was nice, but I would have loved to seen more of her.  I'm guessing we might get more face time if we went on a busier evening when there were more tables to be serviced.
1	OK so for starters i order a drink and some calamari.  The beer was nice and large and frosty which is always a plus.  This place was not busy still took almost ten mins to get my calamari.  This is an item that takes only 90 seconds to cook.  When i got my app I sent it back i don't like chewing rubber bands for an app.  OK so for a seafood house this place is already not to my liking.  The waitress suggested the nut crusted Sea bass, I wanted to believe the waitress when she told me that it was better then Chilean sea bass.  Then again the waitress that i had was not a good waitress at all.  I had to Flag her down for a refill on a beer and to get some water.  This is stuff that you ask your table before you leave the section.  After i put in my order with her i waited almost 15 mins for a sea bass that was about 3x4 piece.  Nothing huge but allot smaller then i thought i was going to get.  The first piece that i had was way over cooked even thought i ask the waitress to cook my MED.  I asked for the manager and told her that it was really overcooked.  She was able to talk me into getting another one and even that was a little over med but i didn't want to deal with it and be that guy.  After i finished my fish i had to wait for the waitress to finish filling sugar caddies before i could get my check.  No discount was given for the kitchen mistake.  So I drank my second beer and left.  I will not be going back to this restaurant.   I was not impressed with the Service or  the quality of fish that is used.Key Point look at the trend for this restaurant WTH!!  If i was in management with  this company i would start looking for a new job.  you only have 54 reviews and most of them say this place sucks due to service.
3	Most of the food here is acceptable, but not spectacular. The wait staff is not overly attentive, and a bit slow at times. Thus the overall rating is much lower than it could be. The food somewhat makes up for a poor service when taking into consideration you are eating at a chain restaurant.I have eaten here on several occasions and will go again, but as I said it is not my favorite place for a nice night out with my spouse.Last night I had the lobster tail and sirloin. My spouse had the coconut crusted mahi mahi. For an appetizer my spouse and I shared a Spicy California Roll from the Sushi bar. I started out with a nice cold beer, but was disappointed when the glass was dirty and still had lip prints on it from a prior customer. The complimentary bread was tasty, although it was not hot like it has been on previous trips to King Fish. The sushi was good, although both my spouse and I felt the seaweed was a bit tough and chewy. Perhaps the sushi chef was having an off day or perhaps they are using a low quality Nori seaweed, at any rate I give the sushi a C+.My sirloin was cooked properly and had a nice rich beefy flavor. The lobster tail was obviously frozen, but cooked properly and did not need to butter sauce to enhance the flavor. The spinach side was sauteed with roasted garlic and had a wonderful flavor. I give my meal a B.I had a bite of my the fish my spouse ordered and it was cooked just right with a nice rum butter toasted coconut crust. She said her food was properly cooked and enjoyable. She gives her meal a B.The waitress asked if we wanted dessert and when we told her we did not she recommended we order something to go. We politely declined, but I give her points for upselling the menu. If you are going to have dessert the Chocolate Cake is worth while as is the Key Lime Pie. I have eaten both of them on prior trips to King Fish.Overall the Kingfish is a B-, just above average but worth going to every now and again. If they would fix the issues with poor service and slow staff I would bump this up to a B or B+.
5	We returned this past Saturday, and I must say I loved everything!  The service, the food, no corkage  - it couldn't be better.   They offer an extraordinary value with the free corkage and the fact that every entree comes with 2 sides.  This time I ordered my own Swordfish Picatta, which I ate as slowly as possible to extend my pleasure!
4	Great lunch spot particularly if you like to dine outside.  They have both a covered area and uncovered area.  We sat on the bar side of the restaurant which is the uncovered, seat yourself area.  It was just starting to warm up and I wanted to sit out in the sun.  They have a few umbrella's if you like a little shade as well.We started with a sushi roll, spicy tuna, that was good.  Not as good as a sushi only place, but still very tasty.  My husband had the fish and chips which was very good.  Not too greasy and very good tartar sauce.  Tartar sauce is really the reason I order fish and chips and theirs was excellent, just regular old fashioned tartar sauce, not trying to be 'aioli' which seems to be the norm anymore.   I had the grilled fish sandwich.  You choose from many toppings, and can have as many as you like.  I was a minimalist and just had red leaf lettuce, raw red onion and of course... tartar sauce.  It was excellent.  I only meant to eat half but the whole thing was gone before I realized it.  The fries were good but the coleslaw was nothing special.  Overall the whole meal was very enjoyable. Our server was excellent as well.  We were drinking one ice tea and one soda, which she kept full at all times.  She even offered to put them into to-go cups when we were ready to leave.  Very customer focused, which we appreciated.
4	We've dined at King's a few times and overall, we definitely like it.We've now tried everything from their jumbo crab cocktail to their clam chowder to their filet mignon. They have a very vast menu, which includes fresh fish, oysters, shrimp, and sushi. Their menu is one where everyone in your party will find something appealing. Their prices are decent, but definitely worth the freshness. Their service has always been outstanding, from the host who seated us, to every server we've had. They've been knowledgeable about their food, prompt, and attentive.When you're at the District and craving seafood or even a great steak, we'd highly recommend King's Fish House. We are fans of Presidio and Lucille's, also, but King's definitely trumps all their seafood. Hands down.
4	Good food, great service!We come here often. This past week, weather was great for dining on the patio. Ordered a couple of appetizers - Calamari & Oysters Rockefeller, both were outstanding. The calamari had a light, crispy crust on it, and the oysters had plenty of spinach, cheese & garlic. Would recommend both!Ordered a wedge salad, and split it with my husband.. plenty of food, we've even asked them to divided 3 ways and they have... still plenty for 3 people. The Nawlins BBQ Shrimp appetizer is my favorite and I always order it for my entree. Juicy shrimp cooked in a broth of tomatoes, lemon, green onion and hot sauce.. Thank goodness they give you a huge piece of garlic bread to soak it all up.. They always have a nice selection of fish to choose from, however I do prefer wild catch over farm raised. The wine list is nice, and dining out on the patio makes for a lovely evening.
4	Located in The District, an outdoor shopping area located in the shadow of Green Valley Ranch, Kings Fish House stands head and shoulders above the nearby competitors. Thee menu here is well thought out, and the seafood distribution process must be flawless.  Growing up on the Chesapeake Bay, I developed a taste for fresh, raw oysters.  I was extremely skeptical when I saw some of the Virginia and Maryland varieties that I love on the menu at Kings.  When they arrived at the table they appeared amazingly fresh and tasted even better.  I also love Copper River Sockeye Salmon season and the blackened filet that the kitchen prepared for me today was out of this world.They have a cool menu for the kids and my daughter loves her plastic cum with mermaids on it.  My wife really enjoyed the creme brulee that was served for dessert.  All in all a fabulous experience.  The patio is super inviting and I cannot wait for the cooler weather to return to take full advantage of this little gem!!
4	My fiance and I are Las Vegas locals, and often frequent the restaurants in the Henderson/Green Valley area.  As folks who work in the service and hospitality industries ourselves, we are often on the look out for restaurants that offer both good service and great food!  King's Fish House is one of the better seafood restaurants in Las Vegas, and has a good reputation.  We have been to this place before, and almost always have a great time.  The menu is huge, with many items to choose from (not just seafood); in fact, on my most recent visit here, I ordered a Southwestern Salad with blackened chicken.  Our server was a great guy with a lot of information on the menu  items.  He offered some suggestions to help us decide which items we would choose for lunch, and he was courteous and personable.  A win-win!King's Fish House has definitely taken a more hand's-on approach to making sure that the service is great and that the food comes out fresh and in a timely manner.  Always a bonus when you visit a restaurant with a good reputation and it holds up over time.  I highly recommend this place for lunch, dinner or their awesome desserts
4	Never disappointed here, the food is good, that staff are good and the prices are appropriate for the place.The menu has a great selection to meet the needs of all eaters here and I would definitely go back to this place.  We have been here several times and have NEVER had a complaint about the food or the service.This is a great place to go with a group big or small.  A must try place if you have not been here before and if you have, keep going back.  This is a good place.
4	I would have given this restaurant a 5-star rating if it wasn't for the manager yelling out, "RUNNER, PLEASE" all night long.  I'm not kidding. The manager stood by the food window and would take the food out of the warmer and put the food on trays that he had set up.  Then he would yell to the staff that he needed someone to run the food.  We kept hearing, "I NEED A RUNNER" "RUNNER" "RUNNER, PLEASE" "RUNNER" "RUNNER" ugh! It was soooo annoying. Instead of enjoying the night out, my husband and I kept anticipating the next yell! He should have just taken the food himself or let the waiters get it. We asked our waitress why the manager was doing that, and she said there are a couple of nights a week that they don't have a food runner. Okay, so if the manager has time to put the food on a tray and yell for someone else to come get it...he should just help out and do it. Well, he should definitely not yell for someone else, that's for sure!Besides that annoying part of our dining experience, the food was very good.  I would go back
5	New in town and stumbled upon this place on our way to another restaurant and could not resist. Luckily it was a great decision on both parts. They have an extensive dinner menu so deciding on the food was a challenging. I ended up getting the lobster bisque which was one of the better bisque I have had in a while as it had a sweet after taste. Then ordered some sushi which was both fresh and refreshing. For my entree I ordered the linguine and clam sauce and my friend the soft shell crab tempura which was awesome. They gained a new fan and I will be back and make this part of my regular rotation as well when I have friends into town.
5	I have gone to Kings at least once a month for at least 6 months now. I find that their service and food are always good. The sea food is brought in daily, at least that is what my server told me. I know we are in the middle of Nevada with no ocean in sight but for fresh fish, this place is pretty good. I do not trust too many places who serve fish in Las Vegas but I have always had great food at kings. I must say their choice of oysters is amazing. If you like fish, give this place a try. I have had a steak once but a steak is a steak! I had one situation the last time I went however. The table next to us had some small children who were running around and somewhat disruptive. I did not complain but it was rude of the parents to allow their kids to run around and yell. Before I could say anything or complain, the manager came out and quitely delt with the situation. The parents of the children took care to keep them seated and somewhat quite after that. I like that management took such great care to insure that the other customers could enjoy their meals in peace. The situation was taken care of quickly, tactfully and everyone was happy. I really appreciate it.
2	If you like bad nursing home food, then you will love King's fish house. Seriously, they are minutes away from being on Kitchen Nightmares. When we arrived, it took almost 10 minutes for our waitress to greet us. I had just said that if we wait another 5 minutes I was going to walk out, we were 2 minutes away from that when she arrived. She was very apathetic and it was obvious she was just going through the motions. We were served some extremely sour, sourdough bread. For the record I enjoy sourdough, but this was almost inedible. After consulting my seafood watch card, I settled on the Parmesan crusted Alaskan Sanddab. I chose garlic mashed potatoes and mac and cheese as my sides. When my meal arrived the fish was piping hot and the sides were stone cold. The fish was not too bad, there was no seasoning and really no lemon sauce which was disappointing because it would have actually been a good dish otherwise. Unfortunately, it was a bland, slightly oily mess. I could almost hear Gordon Ramsay screaming about the lack of seasoning. The mac and cheese was not only cold, but completely flavorless. The garlic mash was OK, but nothing special. My husband had the fish and chips. I am pretty sure the cod was frozen and the fries again were edible, but nothing spectacular. Our waitress was not very friendly, but she went through the motions. I did observe her playing with her mouth and lips after I had eaten, which completely grossed me out. I observed another server push a falling knife back onto a plate with her chest, this plate of food was full and on its way to a patron. Again I could hear Gordon screaming in my head, "Just set the plate down!"Kings is a dinosaur in the dining world. They are stuck in an era that no longer exists. People want flavor, not food that they can cook themselves at home (and a better version at that). The place was almost empty on a Friday night and many of the patrons were very senior. Kings really needs to modernize if they hope to survive in this foodie city.
2	I went for my birthday last year and I wouldn't return. Maybe they improved since then? Worth a TRY at least if you have extra cash to blow, but as my 2 stars suggests- I've experienced better. This place is PRICEY! I got scallops, they were good, a generous amount with a few overcooked and yet my food was still kind of cold. My husband ordered a steak and he also said it was good but lacked seasoning. They have a good menu, but the inside of the place is REALLY laid back, almost with a cafeteria type of feel to it. I was overdressed lol. A few changes and this place can be worth the money!
5	GREAT food!!! I'm so impressed! My husband highly recommends the oysters! Definitely order a spicy Bloody Mary, AMAZING!!!!! The service is friendly and attentive.  I can't remember the name of the dish, but it is sort of like a seafood stew.  There is crab, shrimp, fish all in a soup broth inside a big red pot/dish. It comes with bread to dunk in the broth,  Delicious! If you don't like seafood, I highly recommend the chicken breast dinner and the chicken parm.  The chicken is cooked perfectly! You don't even need a knife to cut it.  The food is so packed with flavor! This is probably one of my favorite restaurants now! Will definitely be returning! The food is definitely worth the price!
5	Hubby and I had dinner here for the first time. Hubby ordered salmon with veggies and loved it. Since I'm not a huge fan of seafood, I ordered the chicken with garlic mashed potatoes and veggies. It was quite tasty. Weather was nice that evening, so we dined in the patio area. Although we were in the patio area, we were never neglected. Great service. Will definitely be back.
2	I don't know why but it has taken me about 4 times of coming to this place to realize it is just mediocre at best.  Looking back, some of the other reviews are right.  The food here is sort of...bland.  I've tried everything from steak, lobster, crab, cioppino, and various fish and all seem to miss the flavoring to make it memorable.  Don't get me wrong, some of the food here is good such as the clam chowder, sushi, and oysters but for the most part I believe there are way better options in town. Along with main entrees being bland, my biggest disappointment with King's are the prices.  $42 for 1lb of king crab?  $25 for cedar plank salmon?  This place is off the strip but somehow has the same prices.  I would understand if it was the freshest fish or generous portions but the whole deal falls flat.  One positive note about King's is the Kid's menu.  The actual menu is something like 6 pages long with tons of games, puzzles, and tattoos!  The little one loved it and took it home to have for later.  Bottom line, if you want some good seafood at a good value avoid King's.  If you want to overpay for bland food, come enjoy!
2	I've been here twice. After a poor experience the first time I was basically forced to go the second time. I figured I would come with an open mind and give it my full attention. We were greeted with a smile at the door and immediately seated. We didnt see our server for over 5 mins(had my phone paid attention). She was kind and took our drink order but didnt come back for another 5+ mins with our order 2 waters.  Were ready to place our food order by this time but she just dropped the waters off with no words and kept moving.   In my first experience at this place I realized they think they are some sort of "High End" special type place. Seafood in Vegas woo hoo. The pricing on the menu should mean High Quality and Attentive service. The service was definitely not that.   We ordered and appetizer(Crab cakes) and two entrees Swordfish and Softshell crab. The crab cakes came out fast but the plate was large and there were two small crab cakes with burned edges and a tiny ramekin of an indistinguishable sauce(1000 island mixed with tartar sauce?). No garnish and they were only a tiny notch above a frozen crab cake from the grocery store.   The entrees took about 21 mins which is not horrible for a friday night, unfortunately we were there on a saturday afternoon when the place wasnt even busy. The softshell crab was over breaded and came on a bed of french fries that ranged from mooshy and undercooked to hours of drying under a heat lamp. My girlfriend said the crab itself  tasted ok but was not nearly a $20 plate of food.  I had blackened swordfish. Expecting to have seasoned crust on the top I was quite surprised when the fish came out with a light wet red paste of seasoning on top sitting in a plate of juice.  I started eating and the flavor wasnt bad but the texture was really off with the pasty seasoning and rubbery fish. I went to the roasted zuchini for a reprieve but was even more put off when I realized the zuchini was basted in a ridiculous amount of fish juice. All this made more sense when I got about 2/3rds the way through the fish. Raw, straight up raw swordfish which explains the ridiculous amount of juice on the plate and nasty texture. Now I dont know how long it takes to cook swordfish but surely in the time it took to deliver our food they could of cooked the fish. This is the kicker here though. I stopped eating and just picked at my girlfriends fries. Leaving the fish bloody raw side up sitting on my plate. The waitress returned to the table 2 times to refill our waters but never once asked why I wasnt eating nor even noticed the uncooked fish on the plate near the edge of the table. She even came back a 3rd time and removed our plates dropped the check and didnt comment at all. We paid and ran for the hills. Gladly my girlfriend now understands why I dont want to go back. Also the Potato salad was tasty.
5	OMG this place is off the hook...definitely worthwhile to drop by and get some great seafood however don't think this is a normal "joe's crab shack" type of place or "boiling crab"...P.S. for you beer lover's try the King Crab Honey Ale...pure deliciousness!
5	Great Great Great!!!!The food is awesome, the staff is better.  Been coming here for a long time and never had a bad experience.I get the swordfish and always start off with the Ceviche and the Shrimp cocktail.
2	Very mediocre. So, this place was recommended as a super great place for seafood. I'd honestly rather eat at Red Lobster (not hatin, just sayin) than this place. You really cant go wrong with cheddar bay biscuits. Decor is mundane seafood-y shenanigans. Service was nice and standard, no complaints there.Ok so, i went with 5 other people. So i'll do a run down of some of the food items we ordered. Appetizers: - I got the mussels. I am ALL about mussels. These were terrible. Zero flavor, the broth was like, butter water. No bueno. You get a pretty decent amount but this is the first time i actually was bothered that there were so many mussels because they did not taste good and i had to eat ALL of them because nobody else would help me eat them because of their lack of any kind of flavor whatsoever. - Crab cakes seemed decent, nothing to write home about, calamari was standard. Nothing special. Food:- I got the mexican shrimp and scallops. I was expecting spicy. These had very little flavor and the scallops were small. They come skewered with zucchini which i did not know, and i ended up getting zucchini as my side. it would have been nice if the server informed me of this. so. with the combination of no flavor and an excess amount of zucchini, i was disappointed. - My boyfriend got the salmon salad, he said it was interesting because of the ingredients in the salad but the salmon itself did not taste all that great. - Other food highlights from the rest of the group, swordfish was ok, not the best. the tempura soft shell crab was mostly batter. the macadamia  crusted halibut was very good, and another person ordered crab cakes as their main meal and had no complaints. just another bland seafood experience.
3	Happy hour from 4pm-7pm Monday through Friday. My friend works close by and we were in a rush to grab a quick bite before going to the Smith Center. The specials is honored throughout the restaurant, but the parlor tends to be empty. We sat down around 5:30 and were attended to quickly. We ordered the hurricane and the cactus pear margarita to start. At $6 a piece, they are very reasonable. A few minutes later we ordered some oyster shooters, fish tacos, ceviche, and a spicy tuna roll. The food was okay at best. Nothing made us reel back and say we needed to come back for more. Certain items such as the spicy tuna roll just felt like a rip off. In fact, we ended up closing our tab and going elsewhere for another round of HH goodness.
3	Kings Fish House is "on the edge" of greatness.  They have the ingredients to be great,  but the prep was just off the mark.  A big plus for me was that the food was not salty as most restaurant food is, but that may explain some of the prior reviews of bland.  What some call "bland"  i call clean pure flavors, but that requires proper cooking to be great. Lets back up to the Oysters though.  I LOVE Kumamoto oysters on the half shell.  Usually they are small and plump and sweet.  We almost didn't order them because the price was more than $2 each for the dozen.  What a waste.  These were SUPER small,  less than half the size of my pinky and thin and slimy and grey, not plump and white.  They tasted just OK, but not great.  We had just had a dozen Kumamotos at TIDES across the street at GVR the week before and they were EXCELLENT.  It was like the chef at Kings ordered a different "grade" of oysters, the cheapest ones on the market and then charges more than anyone in town.   When we mentioned to the waiter they did not compare to across the street,  soon the manager brought us a free half dozen of Mermaid oysters.  Nice gesture, but not great either. The good ones are out there, just order the right grade chef.  Now the entrees,  I had Lemon, Nut Crusted Sea Bass. Grilled zucchini and sweet corn.  The flavor on the fish was excellent, BUT it was overcooked.  Without the lemon sauce it would have been dry.  2 minutes less on the grill would have been flaky and perfect.  the zucchini was BURNED, only some pieces were edible. Again if not burned, flavor would have been good.  corn was good, but not sweet and not buttery as the waiter described. Sliced off the cobb is yummy, but toast it a little more with butter and it could be great like skite corn from texas. My husband had Sword fish picatta, corn and Mac n' cheese.  His fish was good.  His Mac n' cheese had good flavor, but again OVERCOOKED to dry and pasty.Like I said, had the potential to be EXCELLENT if the cooking was correct.  At pretty steep prices, I won't be back.until I hear they have a new chef.   I'll head across the street to TIDES at GVR where the fish is cooked perfect and the oysters are da bomb. what a shame as the outdoor seating at Kings is quite nice.
4	I'm no longer a youth, I go to Henderson for a quiet dinner on a Saturday night.  Ahi Poke Salad is a winner, it was super spicy though, but then again I'm getting old so maybe I just can't handle a little beat of heat.  That is the appetizer to get.California Sea Bass was ordered as the main entree.  It was a little tough from being overcooked, but I still thought it was good.  I bet it would be amazing if done right though.  That was prepared with lemon butter.Surprisingly their house salad dressing was really really good, need to know what they put in that.
3	Average fish house. Fish is good quality but usually tasteless because the seasoning does not do anything to enhance the flavor of fish. I don't like how seafood is slaughtered with butter. Adding butter to everything does not make it taste better.
4	I must first start off and admit that I worked here years ago, so I may be a little biased. I have seen the kitchen though and can tell you it is the CLEANEST restaurant I had EVER worked at in my life. I can also tell you it's a great company that really cares about food and treats their employees very well. Having had everything on the menu, literally, I can tell you there just isn't anything I don't like. The fish is fresh, the sauces are tasty, and the plates are large. I haven't had the sushi in a long time and should probably try it again since I'm MUCH more educated about it now a days. I could easily believe it's still just as good as I remember. They also have a great oyster selection with 9 on hand almost always. I really got to learn oysters when I worked here as they would let us have one whenever we wanted so if a new selection came in I would try a it out. Thanks to them I fell in love with Kumomotos but I digress.The staff is always extremely knowledgable and I can tell you they train WELL. I've never had anyone who was pretty good. I did have a bartender a  month or so back that was fairly disappointing or at least preoccupied, which I'm not sure I would have noticed had he not all the sudden became more attentive when he realized I knew the upper management. Funny how that lights a fire under someone. Sad though since he should have always been so attentive, but I'll cut him some slack since I don't need my hand held. All in all King's is one of my favorite places in this area. I definitely love to stop in for a little wine and fish. I had always wished they'd had opened one in Denver while I was there but I'm back and can go whenever I want. Heck, I might go get some fish tonight!
5	Ate here once about a month ago, but with a large group and we all loved the food.  The prices are a little high but you expect that in a seafood place that has its fish flown in to this desert fresh.  Plus it is right down the road from my house so it is convenient.  I am told the seafood joint in the GVR casino is also good, apparently the Lobster bisque is to die for.
5	I've had the pleasure to eat there for free. And wow was the food amazing, My appetizer was a dozen small oysters that I seasoned with red wine vinegar lemon and blue cheese. It was TASTY. I was surprised at how small the oysters were, but the taste compensated for it. [Although there is a larger version of the oyster there. There are many choices] Anyways, I then dug in through my 3 pound lobster, rich and full of meat! I was amazed by how much meat I can get out of it. It was the most satisfying dinner I've had in a while. I greatly recommend this place.
1	I will start by saying, this was the WORST meal we have ever had in Las Vegas in any restaurant in a decade. They have napkins with jokes on them as to say, jokes on you for even coming in there.I ordered a fried chicken sandwhich. There is no way you could even say it was fried ,more like a sad sloppy attempt at a fry job with only 1/4 of the disgusting if you could call it 'batter' sticking and the chicken tasted disgusting. I would not even feed that to my dog. My significant other ordered fried catfish, the execution was oily and flavors ruined the flavor of the catfish. The sauteed zuchini was disgutingly oily and mashed potatoes that even can be bested by gerber baby food in a jar.We also ordered chicken quesidillas for a appetizer....absolutely aweful, portion size was tiny and just terrible in every way. I was actually glad the portion size was so small cause the food was so disgusting. The guacamole served was completely brown. When brought to the attention of the waiter he literally said to our face that you don't order guacamole at a fish restaurant...He also saw that I stopped eating my chicken sandwhich after a few vomit wrenching bites, but didn't care and just made us pay, not even a attempt at helping our obvious disgust about the food. I took a picture of my 'fried' chicken sandwhich as proof of the most gross meal served at a restaurant and charged $13 for. I uploaded a picture of their 'fried chicken sandwhich'http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kings-fish-house-henderson-2?select=iJkPIDP3LRTAVAMwtOUgUw#ktw96oP7vKi6A4uJK4M05wWe were so upset at this place and had to leave and go eat somewhere else for dinner. A lot of things have closed down at the District, but I would be so glad so see this place shut down, I would even hold a party outside as they are packing up to leave. Kings Fish House - Huge thumbs down! If I could give negative ratings, that still would not be low enough of a rating. Avoid this place so they can go out of business and not serve garbage as food for a premium price.
4	We frequent Kings.  I usually get the catfish po boy, which is a huge piece of catfish on a baguette with a side.  My wife has gotten the Nawlins BBQ shrimp, a dish Kings is known for.  The last couple of times, this dish has not been as consistent with the spicing and the shrimp have been overcooked.  So, be advised, but when the dish is on, it's fantastic.  We usually get a soup to start, and I have had several of the sushi rolls.  All are winners.They have seasonal specials.  The spiny lobster has been our favorite, they are delicious.  The bar is also solid.  Decent beer/wine menu.  Overall, it's a very comfortable place to get some good food.  Check it out.
5	Came here for my birthday.  Loved the environment here.  We had a cool waitress.  The food was excellent.  We started out with shirmp for an appetizer. I went with clam chowder next.  Then a got a halibut with a parmesion breading.  I was in heaven.  I loved my meal.  The whole table enjoyed their meals as well. I will come back again.  Great service, excellent food and love the ambiance.
5	To be honest the only reason we went here is that Lucille's was completely packed and we were starving. I'm so glad that we did!Old Mama and Papa T. were in town and they were leaving the next day so we weren't in the mood to cook. We ended up at King's and enjoyed every minute of our meal. The server, Ben, was en pointe at taking special requests and making recommendations, as well as service in general. He rocked our whole meal from start to finish.I ordered a special of the day--blackened tilapia with mango salsa. I can't say that I'd order the mango salsa again--it wasn't worth the extra price. Not enough mango goodness to even feel like I could combine every bite of fish with the salsa. But the fish was excellent and perfectly prepared. My sides were grits and spinach. These grits were a fantastic rendering of a food I have grown up eating! Spinach was a touch on the salty side, but I got over it.My parents both enjoyed their meals as well--my mom a piece of salmon and my dad a surf-n-turf (though this restaurant is not one to list things in abbreviations such as "surf-n-turf") with a filet and lobster tail. The filet was really wonderfully prepared and a good cut of meat. I ordered a salad to come before my meal. Beware--a side salad is $5, which I think is pretty steep for what I got. Next time I will skip the salad and move on straight to the main course.Definitely a recommended spot! I will probably be coming back again and again because of the different changes the menu offers and the good experience we had.
5	I LOVE this place!...Food and service  is always AMAZING... I crave the Ahi Poke almost everyday. I always sit on the lounge side, great place to bring the kids or just have a beer after work!
5	Great seafood and amazing service!
5	I absolutely LOVE fresh sashimi.  Kings did not disappoint.  Al took my order and he was very knowledgeable and even suggested us substituting some of the sashimi options for salmon since I love salmon so much.  He also said that they ship and fly in their fish fresh several times a week, and you can totally tell!  The salmon was so fresh and melted in my mouth like butter.  I also ordered a spicy tuna roll that had tuna on top of it also (forgot the name) but it was very good;  I highly recommend it for any of you spicy tuna lovers out there.  If you want fresh fish, go to Kings! :)
3	I did not check in on Yelp for this experience and after eating here, I am kind of glad I did not check in.   I have ate here several times over the past few years and I must say, unless this was just an off night, the quality and care coming out of the kitchen has dropped dramatically.  Our server was awesome, she was friendly and knowledgeable, I just wonder why she was working there as she deserves a much better place then what this place delivered tonight.My wife ordered the Ono fish and about half way through it the fish lived up to its name of OH NO!  It was dry and tasteless.  This was not the fault of the servers, but of the kitchen.  Even looking and watching the other servers, they did not show the enthusiasm of having a great time working here tonight.  The overall morale just seemed to be down which the management and the kitchen basically control the overall morale of the place.The Pride was missing, the quality was missing and hopefully this was just a night that the chef was having a bad night.  If this keeps up though, this place will be given less stars and taken off our list....
5	King's is by far one of my favorite restaurants.  I dine here at least a dozen times a year including every Christmas Eve with my family.  My go-to meal is the charbroiled rainbow trout with mac & cheese and sweet corn however the jumbo white Mexican shrimp is also a favorite of mine.  They also have great clam chowder, calamari and oysters.  I personally don't eat sushi but people I've dined with have said that the sushi at King's is delicious.  On one of my more recent visits I had a blood orange martini that was to die for!King's has great food, great service and a fun atmosphere.  On every visit, my out of town guests always request at least one trip to King's, if not more.
5	Do you love both seafood and wine?  Then this is the place for you in Las Vegas, bar none.  They do a great job with their seasonal specials, and the halibut is absolutely amazing.  The best part... bring your own wine from home, as many as you want, for free!  No corkage fee + delicious oysters and fish = happy happy joy joy.  We like to look at the current menu from home, figure out what things we are going to order, then bring some wines specifically paired to what we know we are going to have.  Bringing the wines takes a good meal to a great one and a good date night to an exceptional one.  You can't beat the value and will have a great meal too.  On great weather days when it is not too hot, make sure to dine on the patio and enjoy the lovely day.  You can people watch everyone walking around The District too if that's your thing.
3	I've been here several times only because it is close to my home. The food there is really just ok. Go somewhere else if you are looking for very good fish.
5	There wasn't one thing we had that wasn't really good. We started off with the baked mussels - I crave them. They were so flavorful without being too much, too saucy. The bread is complimentary and I love sourdough but even more when served warm with butter. Yum! We tried the salmon and the mahi - both dishes were delicious. We all licked our plates clean. The service was outstanding - water was kept filled and we never had to hunt down our waitress. We will definitely be eating here again.
1	Very disappointed, my girlfriend and I went into this place to try somewhere new, we were immediately met with a snotty attitude from our waiter (Ben). We were told in a very rude way, it wasn't happy hour after we were looking at the only thing on the table, the happy hour menu. Then when my girlfriend asked a question about which fish is in the seafood chowder, again we were met with the snotty answer "seafood" and then a laugh at her question. Can't rate the food as we walked out. The bread and water wasn't bad though.
5	The best seafood in Vegas! Off the strip in the Green Valley District..every time we go there we Love our service & food. Fresh fish & tasty salads..not to mention there endless bread .. Never had a bad experience at Kings Fish House. Try the N'Orleans Shrimp in the picture~  Yummy!!
3	Mediocre food, enormous portions, and an uninspiring wine list make Kings Fish House the epitome of a boring chain restaurant's suburban location. They have the "Hello, my name is Jane and I will be your server tonight!" kind of robotic service, which I find terribly annoying. I'd be willing to overlook all the above if the oysters - something they are supposed to be known for - had been great. Unfortunately, they were neither particularly fresh, nor were they shucked immaculately. Heck, the selection itself was a disappointment with three out of seven being from the same Mexican bay and only two East Coast options. And such disappointment was every dish we had from salads to main courses through "specials", including the salmon that was colored to a hideous cadmium orange shade you would only expect to find on a Pantone color guide and not on your plate.Luckily, there are plenty more fish in the sea, so it's very unlikely I'll ever be back.
5	This place is amazing every thing is delicious my server I think her name was Libby but she was awesome! I'll be back :)
3	As a general rule of thumb, we haven't found any really good seafood west of the Mississippi. Certainly, Californians will tell you that they have good seafood there, but everything we've had there, from San Diego up to Fisherman's Wharf, just doesn't seem to have the same flavors as that found along the Atlantic seaboard. Kings Fish House in Henderson comes the closest so far since many of the dishes they prepare are made with seafood imported from the east coast.We were in the Henderson and were planning to eat at Lucille's, but the wait in line was longer than normal so we thought we'd give this place a try. It was an early Saturday afternoon and surprisingly the place was empty considering the wait in line at Lucille's. We were quickly seated and since there were only 2 or 3 other occupied tables when we arrived, we pretty much had the waiter all to ourselves. We'd have to rate the service as 5 stars because of this, but if the restaurant was full, it might not have been as good. The menu is filled with items from all over the world-from Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi to Maine lobster to Alaskan halibut. So many choices, so little time-looks like this is going to be another of those restaurants that requires multiple trips.After some deliberation I went with the New England Clam Bake which included a 1 14 lb. Maine lobster, steamed clams and mussels, red potatoes and corn on the cob. Brenda had the crab cakes. It didn't take long for the food to arrive--after all, how long does it take to steam some clams and boil a lobster? The crab cakes weren't great, but they weren't bad either. Better than what you can find in your frozen food aisle, but definitely nowhere close to what you can get along the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland. The lobster was pretty good even though a bit on the small side. The clams and mussels were ok, but could have been better if they used mollusks from somewhere other than the Pacific...perhaps, I don't know, maybe NEW ENGLAND in their New England Clam Bake?!?Don't get us wrong. This may not sound like a great review of the restaurant, but the food was good and we'll definitely go back again. Everything we had was better than the seafood at any of the buffets in town. However, having grown up on the east coast where we could get fresh seafood right off the boats, my tastes may be a bit jaded.
3	I really despise chain restaurants, and when you add seafood to that equation, you can normally forget it, but I can honestly say my experiences at Kings Fish House have been nice. Wish I could give it 3.5 stars.The staff is well educated on the items on their menu, their descriptions are accurate, and their suggestions are good.I have always loved all the oysters I have had here, they are all fresh, chilled perfectly, and shucked well. Some items are have that gross mass-produced taste (most of their sides), and some of their appetisers are just gross, but if you stick to basic fresh seafood and don't smother it in a cloying mess, you won't be disappointed.
4	This place is great during crab season. They give you a huge fresh cracked crab with melted butter that is to die for. Off season I like the trout and cedar plank salmon. There's a charming sushi bar as well that is pretty good. Order the albacore sashimi, yellowtail sashimi and lobster crunchy roll.
4	The tuna tartare and the crab cakes are delish. Also offer a pretty solid beer and wine list and make some tasty cocktails.I've only eaten here once so I can't speak for most items on the menu, but did have an enjoyable meal with good service and tasty food. If you're nearby, absolutely recommend stopping in for a meal. And it's not packed with tourists, so a great option for locals or those trying to skip the madhouse that is the strip.
5	Got the popcorn shrimp simple but deliciousGreat place for someone who likes sushi
4	Kings Fish House is a wonderful change of pace from all the buger, pizza and steak houses. First, let me say, I always sit on the casual side, same restaurant, two doors, one casual, one more of a formal ambience. I have been going to Kings since they've opened, and I can say their policy of " If you don't like it, we will happily replace it" is tested, tried and true. Their fish is always fresh, a wide variety offered daily, they print new menus for each and everyday.  They offer a wide variety of cooking options for each fresh fish. The fresh oysters on the half shell also change daily, I have never been disappointed with the recommendation of the always friendly, polite, cheerful service staff. I think I have had just about everything on the menu, there is something for everyone on the menu, they offer a land lovers section.I have never been disappointed, treated badly or had anything even remotely close to a bad experience. I do suggest you try, not far from the strip, about 15 minutes, wonderful surroundings and a nice place to unwind! Some may think they are pricey, but for the quality of the fish, and all food really I believe it is priced quite right.
5	Fresh seafood is always a plus. Love the vibe & atmosphere of this place. I had the Kings Fish Seafood Chowder, damn it was delicious! Also had an assorted oyster sampler plate which was freshest as it come. And tried the hot seafood platter combo thingy lol with shrimp, crab cakes, calamari which was fresh. I recommend this place &would return again to give the sushi bar a try. Thumbs up
5	They are a chain, they have a wide variety of sea food in the desert - so with that said it is a certain 5 start rating. Oysters are great, they change the ones available nearly every month. Salmon cakes are also another favorite of mine, along with their scallops. Their swordfish, Ono, crab, and lobster are all also good. My favorite apps of theirs are the calamari, fish tacos, or their salmon cakes (told you they were good).Service is great! Sometimes the restaurant gets busy but they still are courteous. They know their whole menu and can offer suggests to those who are new. My boyfriend and I have made it a tradition to have one of our dates here monthly so that tells you how good I truly think it is.
3	Service Fantastic...  Food was eh.   Here's my breakdown:I had visited this location twice.  You are brought out their sourdough bread to begin with.   Hot and delicious!  The first time I had ordered the New England Clam Chowder and Macadamia Nut Crusted Salmon.   I really loved the idea of the fish but the flavor just didn't coincide with what I imagined.  It lacked any flavor...  just bland.  Bummer.  The soup was great.   Very creamy and filling.So on the second visit I wanted to get the soup again to see if it was consistent with my previous visit.   Yep!  Great and flavorful!  Since I was disappointed with the fish the first time, I went with their Seafood Cobb Salad.  My husband actually ordered a different type of salmon on the menu.   Again, his fish was a disappointment.  Lacked any flavor.  Even his rosemary potatoes were sad.  They were over salted and not even cooked through.   My salad was just ok.  The shrimp were very sad little pieces.  The scallops didn't even appease me.  At least the soup and bread were still good.  It's probably not enough to keep me coming back here though.  They do have a sushi bar connected and I didn't try this yet.  There may be a possibility of trying it but the entrees have been such a let down that I doubt it.  The three stars were given only because of the fantastic service they deliver here.   On both occasions, the waiters were so attentive and friendly.   They deserve all of the praise!
1	It wasn't terrible but the quality for the price was unreasonable. Husband had macadamia but crusted halibut with orange ginger sauce. He said it was very orangey and overall bland. I had the kings combo platter. The fish was excellent. The scallops and shrimp were not bad.
4	While this a chain, there is nothing shabby about Kings Fish House. The fish selection in a landlocked city is quite impressive with a variety of fish and preparation options. The New England clam chowder was very good, and perfect combined with the complimentary sourdough bread. I chose the parmesan crusted sea bass, and was very happy with my choice. I also loved the mussels appetizers, which consisted of mussels in a spicy mayonnaise like sauce. The beer and wine selection was limited but well chosen. Our server was very engaging and knowledgeable, and she was more than happy to split checks for an entire table on business tabs. I went to this restaurant with several foodies, and we all left impressed.
3	I had an assortment of sushi for an appetizer.  Fresh and well prepared.  For main course I had the Filet Mignon with grilled zucchini. The steak was cooked perfect.  A nice place to get an assortment of surf meets turf dining options.
5	Five stars to Kings for their generosity.My kid ran out of milk while we were cruising through The District At Green Valley Ranch so I stopped in to ask if I could buy a cup of whole milk.  They provided it at no charge and were very friendly about it.  Thanks again!
2	The service is nice and the outdoor seating is comfortable with overhead heating during the winter. (The outdoor seating is much better than the indoor seating.) They have a kid's menu that comes with temporary tattoos.The food is bland and underwhelming.  I've been invited to family dinner here several times. I don't know what the point is of paying $20-$30 for premium fish/seafood that just comes out tasting like "eh." The food is really underwhelming.This restaurant is ideal if you plan on inviting guests who are greatly impressed by the sight of an expensive and varied seafood menu but don't necessarily care about the taste of the food they're eating. Because while the food is totally edible/passable, it's just not particularly delicious or even memorable. At all.The only thing I would consider recommending is the oysters.
5	Kings Fish House is a restaurant that I come to quite frequently. I'm not sure if it's commonly known but this particular Kings location serves sushi in addition to seafood. And I am a self proclaimed Sushi Superfan! I come here specifically for the Tuna Poke salad. It's the best I've ever had. Something about it... They make theirs with macadamia nuts, cucumbers, avocado, seaweed and sprouts. It's really spicy and flavorful and like nothing I've ever had before. I'm a Tuna Poke connoisseur and I've traveled all over sampling various Tuna Poke salads. I've even tried to get other places to recreate the one I've experienced at Kings Fish House to no avail. So therefore, I recommend trying it because it is special, but don't blame me if you get hooked too! You've been warned! I've contemplated bribing the chef for the recipe many times and you might not want to be in that boat, plotting and planning like I do. I've actually been putting off writing this review because I knew I'd start thinking about it and have to go satisfy my urge AGAIN. I just can't get enough! I crave it on a regular basis. And sure enough, I was right about my reviewing Kings and thoughts of Poke overtaking my brain. Yep, I'm wanting it in a bad way now. Doh!!!!Speaking of DOH!!... The other thing I love that is worth mentioning is their Sourdough bread. Amazing, warm, fluffy and yummilicious! Their Oysters, Miso soup & Key Lime pie are all worth a try too.Service is usually quick. Since I've been so many times, a few of the servers remember what I want so I don't even have to order, which is always nice and makes you feel at home.
3	This place is interesting.  The sourdough is the BEST in town.  I like the food here. The chowder was pretty dang good.  Not too many potatoes, which is lame (when some places put them in).  I LIKE this chowder!  I got the--hell, I don't remember, but it was good.  The bottom one of the fish selections.  Like $23.95 or so.  Damn tasty, kind of an Asian-Cajun thing going on there.  Creative.  They lose two stars because the tables are the size of a quarter and the server we had was a dolt.  He clearly did not want to be there.  Maybe it was because they made him work outside in the tent where we were sitting.  I dunno.  If you don't like your job, quit.  Don't be an ass.  I would go back, if that dude weren't my server.
3	I've been here twice. July 2013 my companion and I both ordered the mahi mahi and loved it. The atmosphere was great and walking around the District afterwards is always fun .We returned in February 2014 for dinner again, this time I ordered a steak and he ordered a seafood medley. The seafood was great. The steak - bad. I ordered it pink/medium and it came well done and dry. Later we both suffered gastro distress (full on food poisoning symptoms for me), presumably from the seafood, as that was the only dish we shared.We'll probably be back, since its a favorite for out of town guests. But our dinner selections may stay on the safe side.
4	The crab cakes were AMAZING! Best I ever had, the clam chowder was pretty good, the mac n cheese was good and sweet corn(omg bomb) the south Africa lobster was so delicious and had a sweet taste to it.The service was great Jeremy (waiter) did an excellent job and was very funny and had plenty of energy, he actually put me in a better mood.Now with all that being said I didn't enjoy the blackened mahi mahi to much I don't know what was going on with that but either I made a bad choice or the chief dropped the ball. It can be a bit pricey but I would come back here again. Cheesecake was goooooood
5	We love this place.  The food and service are incredible and the portions are well worth the money.  Besides, the have Orion beer from Okinawa; that gives them 10 points off the top to start.  The only down side is that it's located in The District and I live in Sunrise, so it's a half-hour drive to get there.  If I lived closer, I'd be eating there at least once a week.
5	I love this restaurant. My favorite is the garlic dungenous crab when it's in season. The ambiance is tavern like with fish decor. The service is excellent. They are very attentive. The sea bass is also a favorite along with the halibut.
1	I had come in after a day of hiking with some friends and while we were waiting to be seated, the host had made a rude and unnecessary comment about my t-shirt. This made me feel very uncomfortable. We decided to leave after waiting for a long time as well to get any type of service. Very rude employees that clearly don't know the first thing about customer service.
2	First time trying King's Fish House for lunch and had high expectations going in. Unfortunately, it didnt quite live up to what we were hoping for.I had Angel hair pasta with shrimp with a cup of New England clam chowder soup, my mom ordered the grilled catfish, and my sister got the seabass. They also had sides of fries,  spinach, and corn (see pictures). We were also served some bread at beginning of our meal.None of these dishes quite stood out. Clam chowder was yummy and not overly salty - just how I like it. My pasta dish and my mom's catfish were just A-Ok.. but the seabass was the biggest let down.  Lacked flavor and had a very tough texture.Staff was friendly and the seating area outside was nice (we lucked out that day with warm weather).  But im not sure if I'll make another visit.
4	Service was good.  Started with a plate of oysters.  Selection was great, multiple kinds with varying degrees of sizes.  Waiter was knowledgeable on the differences between the oysters.  Main meal was the clam bake which was phenomenal.
5	Yummy fish if your in the mood for this. I had the macadamia nut crusted Mahi Mahi.  very delicious and the fish was just cooked just right. Awesomeness!
1	Never coming back here again! We live in the area and come here often, but after today's experience - We WILL NOT be coming back! The hostess on April 11th (short gal, black hair pulled back in a braid) should not be a hostess! She was incredibly rude, her vague answers to our questions about seating, her body language suggested our arrival was annoying her or interrupting her day! After the confusion of where to sit, she forgot to send a server over, but 10 min later she came back and told us to MOVE tables ( even though she sat us there!). She didn't say it nicely either! Suggested that "she was clear" in her instructions and that we (the customers) were wrong!
3	Tried this place on date night with my husband.  We sat on the Patio area where they offered happy hour (you had to sit in the area with orange cushions per hostess).  We ordered Calamari & Ceviche for appetizers.  The Calamari was your standard dish, not amazing but not bad either.  The ceviche was a mistake but the chips they served with them were yummy.  I ordered wine and it was a huge pour which is favorable, my husband ordered beer, cocktails were good and reasonable.  For entrees we ordered the fish and chips was was GREAT.. and the grilled trout.  My husband said it was good and he ate it all.  I saw a couple people ordering this amazing looking salad, I think it was the Louie, it looked like a masterpiece.  I will try that if I ever go back.   Server wasn't friendly but he was attentive and we had what we needed when we needed it.
4	The food is great, And the price is not bad. Good place for lunch with the family. The strawberry lemonade is great. I
5	I seriously enjoy every meal I have here. Fresh, healthy, loaded with flavor, farm to table, I could go on and on not to mention that the service is spot on every time. The whole family can find what they want on the menu and it's always good.
4	Enjoyable but nothing special.  Had some sushi rolls which were good.  The crab cocktail was delicious.
3	On a recent trip to Henderson to visit family, I had the opportunity to eat here on two different occassions. Each time I managed to score a table outside without any reservations. All in all, I thought the food and service were good. My wife said her food was "excellent." The only down side were the oysters. I ordered a dozen oysters on the half-shell. A couple tasted a little off. That weird taste -- if you know what I'm talking about. I also ordered oysters Rockefeller. Again, one of the oysters was bad. Other than that, everything was good: crab cakes, baked mussels, calamari, and sirloin steak (I know...why order steak in a fish joint?). If it wasn't for the oysters, it would definitely be four stars. And I'll go back.
3	The current rating on this place, as of 5/23/14, is three and a half stars. This is about right for King's Fish House. We started out with the calamari. The portion seemed about right but the breading was fragile. It came off easily and also tasted a little oily. Food Network told me that could happen due to the oil not being hot enough. My dining companion ordered the lobster bisque, which was missing a certain je ne sais quoi... He asked for the bisque to be replaced with a clam chowder and that, too, wasn't very good. It tasted under seasoned and floury. I figure if you are going to call yourself a fish house, then you should have a pretty epic clam chowder...My cioppino was very tasty and well worth the cost. The crab claws were my favorite part but the broth brought it all together. I would order it again. My partner liked his fried shrimp. The service was good. Give it a try; maybe you'll think it's better than my three and a half star rating (but I doubt it).
3	3 stars is about right. The service was great. No complaints there. However, nothing about the food is great. The calamari was greasy. The lobster bisque was not good. I exchanged it for the clam chowder, which had a slight taste of uncooked flour. If the prices were cheaper I'd consider an extra star. When you go out to have an $85 meal you expect more.
5	The best buffalo chicken wings in town! Who could have imagined that a fish place would have amazing wings. They bake them first and then flash fry them. You gotta try them :-)
1	Don't arrive 15min before closing, they'll seat you and no one will help you. The service here SUCKS!
5	King's is a great place to bring the kids. Great food for Seafood lovers and other tastes. Asked your server to show your children a Live Lobster. Very Cool!
1	Definitely got food poisoning from this place! I had the basil-pesto shrimp, recommended by our waiter. I actually questioned the flavor of the meal a bit- but after a busy day, I was starving and it was the ONLY thing I'd eaten that day. I chalked it up to just being something I'd never had before. I was violently ill (I'll spare you the details) from 2am that morning until about 7pm that night. Couldn't so much as even take a sip of water. Since I couldn't exactly make a phone call the next day from being so sick- my husband sent an email to the manager. No response. Great business ethics! Not! Even if you DON'T think I could have possibly gotten sick from your food don't you call to ask some clarifying questions to be sure?
1	Charged for a 2 1/2 lb lobster when they served a 2lb. The only reason I found out is because the cardboard weight tag was served with my lobster. Embarrassing ...  1star because they fixed it.  But it makes me wonder how many people they rip off.  Food tasted good... For what it's worth
4	I love the food.  Price are on the high side.  Sushi is pretty sparse.  There are not many rolls and not much variety in the fish cooler, but since they serve other foods I just use them as an appetizer.  Cost for two was close to a hundred bucks, but we ordered ala carte and were hungry.  The oyster selection is among the best available locally.  Price for 6 range from $11-16 - again on the high side of prices.  Service was quick and efficient.   Fried clams were OK, but not the best.  Lobster bisque was tasty, but not a lot of lobster chunks in it.  Sushi was OK, but not great.  I'd rank the sushi as a 6/10, but I'm pretty picky when it comes to sushi.  Everything tasted great.  We love visiting The District and this is my favorite restaurant on that side of that place.
2	Not very good at allGranted I've had my fair share of seafood in Cali and Hawaii but just not tastyThe only positive is the outside district seating
3	Normally a 5 star meal. This time the artichoke was over cooked and Not pre steamed. Service was good, but it ruins the meal and it was or anniversary
3	We came at around 2 o clock place was pretty dead. It is clean all the way through and into the bathroom. The service was alright and the prices were moderate. The entrees selection was limited and not what I expected from a big seafood restaurant. Their small hot plate selection is pretty good and where I made most of my selection from. The ahi poki salad needed a bit more seasoning help from us but the ingredients were really fresh and it had lots of tuna in it unlike many other poki I have had in Vegas. The crab cakes (2) were perfect the most moist crab cakes I have ever had. The fish tacos (3) were delicate, clean and fresh tasting. The baked mussels (about 10 small ones) was not overpowered with the mayo and spicy sauce. The waiter warned me that it was spicy. It was really good but not spicy at all. I believe the menu said it had avocado in it, I don't recall any avocado in it but I did not miss anyway. Spider roll was good. Overall I like that they were careful to not over season anything. All the ingredients were fresh and the meal was really light on my stomach. The total was $57 for the five small plates and an ice tea we were stuffed.
4	Had a great first experience, our waiter Ben was on point the entire time. He really helped my mom & I out when we didn't know what to order. He was able to recommend the sword fish which was absolutely amazing.
2	nice location. food prices high for portion sizes. swordfish strip was alright and the potato was undercooked. management was less than friendly. Didn't want to deal with what I had to say and it seemed like it was just brushing me off.
5	Incredible seafood (their selection of oysters is top notch), the cedar plank copper river salmon was TO DIE FOR, and the service is always impeccable. Our waiter was one of the most attentive I've ever had, as well as sweet and friendly, engaging us in conversation and offering great suggestions. Even the bus boy was incredibly polite and going out of his way to clean even the smallest items off of our table when we were done. The management is definitely doing the right thing here.
5	I love Kings. I've been coming for 7 years. Great family place and have never had a bad meal!  Our server was Karen and she was amazing and so good to my son.  She even brought out a lobster. Loved it!
5	Ahhhh, where to start? This place is superb from the time I opened the door 'til the time they kicked me out (I didn't want to leave.) The hostesses were more than friendly and accommodating. I was immediately sat on a busy Friday night. Within a couple of minutes was greeted by Celeste (my server) with a huge smile and friendly demeanor. Not too long after that came the manager on duty Craig. He was so personable, helpful, and more than willing to be of service. He suggested their new cedar plank BBQ rubbed salmon. Boy was he right on the money! It was phenomenal!  Celeste was very courteous and consistently checking to make sure everything was meeting my standards and the place of her employment's. The entire experience was great! Craig even came over several times to make sure my experience was great. We had quite a conversation, and me feel right at home. I'd recommend this place to anyone. If you're ever by stop in, ask for Celeste, and try the dessert!
5	Amie is the best server ever, and i am now a weekly dedicated customer! She recommended the sock eye salmon and it was perfect! Definitely coming back and asking for her!
5	When you have a great server it makes the whole experience better. Ben was our server he was very knowledgeable about the menu and extremely nice and friendly. The food was delicious. We started with fried calamari, lobster bisque and had the wild salmon - fabulous.  It's a great evening.
5	My family loves eating here! The staff are all very friendly, the hostess is always warm & welcoming & service has always been excellent. The food is always as described with great portioning & freshness. I like to start with an appetizer of sushi! My favorite item is the Seafood Cobb Salad, but I've ordered other items such as Ahi & Halibut & they're delicious as well. I've only ordered a bloody mary as a cocktail from the bar, but it's so delicious I order one every time I eat here! You can sit inside or outside...outside has an enclosed "tarp" for cold days. King's is very kid friendly with a coloring book for a menu that even has tattoos & the best kid's cup anywhere that's hard plastic with a hard plastic lid & a color changing bendy straw! I love to bring family here when they're visiting from out of town.
5	I just left lunch at Kings Fish House and it was AMAZING. Everything was perfect. We ordered lots! Started with the crab cakes and they were so delicious and full of fish. I got the clam chowder to start before my meal and I am from the East Coast and know my chowder well and this one is right up there. For my meal I got the scallops and shrimp blackened with garlic mashed potatoes and the grilled zucchini which was SO good! They change the menu twice a day so you know the fish is beyond fresh and when they run out, that's it. There is no freezer to run to and defrost more which is a great addition. Our service was spectacular. Our server Karyne was friendly, attentive and made sure we liked everything we were given including the iced tea. All and all from beginning to end this was wonderful and I cannot wait to bring my friends here!
3	We keep going back to King's (even though the food is not as good as it used to be) because of the excellent service we receive from Karyne.  We have been going to King's since they opened and we used to go at least twice a week and have held private parties there where we have taken over the whole outdoor patio.  Now, we go only once a month and only when Karyne is there as she is always friendly and helpful and always remembers how we like our food and drinks.  I give her 5 stars but, unfortunately, can no longer do the same for the restaurant.
5	What an awesome dinner! Scott was our server; not only was he a phenomenal service... He helped us choose what to get for dinner, and chose perfectly, for each of us. We will definitely be coming back. That goes for me, and my family! Thanks Kings fish house... And Scott!
5	Thanks so much Scott for creating such a great experience tonight for my family and I. Your menu suggestions were wonderful try's. We cannot wait to come back, and will be requesting you to serve us again!
1	I wanted to treat my girlfriend to a wonderful seafood lunch to someplace we never tried before,and this place had great reviews. I literally watched my food get cold in the window while I watched my server serve several other tables that came in after my table. I spent over $150 on two people and she was a terrible server. I had to track down other waiters to get our drinks refilled and to ask for my food that I knew was sitting at the pass. I feel terrible tipping less than 25% because I used to serve tables, however I left our awful waitress $1 and a message on the bill, and I used no profanity. I politely told her to use better practices when serving customers.When I did find other waiters to serve us refills, she would come over and just drop the drink off without saying anything. I actually had to ask another waiter to grab our bill. It isn't like we were curt or loud, and I always make sure when I go out with people that they are polite to the waitstaff! She just ignored us. I will never recommend this restaurant or ever patronize this establishment again!!!!!!
4	We decided to come here as the Presidio in the District is no long there.  I am not a big seafood eater at all and looked over the menu which has choices of chicken, steak and burgers for the non seafood eaters.I decided to try a burger which was a first at this place and it was one of the best burgers I have had in a long time, what a surprise that a fish place would make such an amazing burger.It has been over a year since my last review of this place and they have really taken the time and strides to improve and be more competetive.  I say they have accomplished this.  The food has improved, the service has improved and this is a place we will give a try again.As a side note, Benjamin was our waiter and he was very friendly, extremely attentive making sure that one of my pet peeves, my glass sitting empty and having to ask for a refill, this DID NOT HAPPEN.  He was awesome with a great attitude and very helpful on food choices.  He is a true asset to this place and if you have the chance to have him as a waiter, do it...
5	Came here for a work party. Food was excellent. Homemade Mac and Cheese was awesome. Service was fantastic, Ben took great care of us. We had a group of 8 and our drinks were always full, never had to wait. They make the key lime pie in house, soooo good.
5	Totally redeemed... Came in greeted by very friendly hostess, seated very quickly. Had a discussion about our last visit. Lisa our server was bubbly and we totally connected, probably one of the best waitresses ever. Ordered a sushi platter and a couple extra rolls. It was very fresh and tasted really good. The experience, staff,and food completely brought back the best times we've had there. Now we will definitely return again.
1	Came in Wednesday afternoon for happy hour, with a friend! We sat in bar area, Food was great! service was horrible, John never checked back asked how things were, not freindly, don't sit in the bar! Great food! Though!!!! Giving 1 star food good!
5	We have been here several times but always love it! The fish is very fresh, even this far from the ocean. I believe this is the best priced seafood in town , we have had many amazing servers here and they are ALL very nice and knowledgeable but our favorite is Ben (Benjamin) he really knows his menu and can suggest what he feels will complement your palette. He even knows the spices in the items. He suggested pairing the lemon butter caper sauce with any blackened season item and he was sooooooo right YUM! It's a must try! Please go here and ask for BEN you will not be disappointed! We just came here for our anniversary and were treated as if we were the only people in the whole establishment, we will be back ago in soon!!!
5	I had been here once previously and felt a return visit was in order. I ate there during lunch time on Labor Day and the food and service was exceptional. Joseph our waiter got us taken care of right away, ordered salads with our Mississippi Catfish and Plank Fried Salmon, and everything was great. When in the District at GVR I highly recommend this location.
4	The food was good an the service was amazing Ben was my server an he did a great job we will be coming back soon
4	Just took my mom here for her birthday today because we wanted to try something different. Also, we didn't want to wait 35 minutes for a table at Lucille' s so we figured why not try out some something new! The hostess was pretty friendly and our service was on key :) The menu is pretty astounding for it had such a variety of seafood which I thought was amazing! I think I almost drove myself a little crazy trying to decide what to eat lol Now lets get to the food....They serve bread and butter before entrees and appetizers which was warm and a great start. We ordered sushi which we all shared and the Spider Roll was my absolute favorite!!!! My dad ordered angel hair pasta which had shrimp in it. My mom and I split the linguine with clams and it is a good thing we did otherwise we would be too full! The quality of the food was pretty good and I have to admit they don't dip on clams or shrimps in entrees they give you just the right amount. The portions of the food were sized just right as well in my opinion. I really enjoyed everything we ordered tonight! The only reason why I'm knocking down a star was for the noise level! Talk about noisy but I guess that is expected especially on a weekend in a packed restaurant. I think next time we'll ask the host for a table towards the front away from the kitchen as well.Overall, pretty good food and a fun place to go! I definitely recommend this place :)
4	I have a new Henderson hot spot when I want seafood. King's fish house won me over in every form. Fresh fish, tons of options, outdoor dining, and exceptional service. I am wondering what took me so long to get here. My stepson wanted seafood for his birthday, and I think it may be a tradition after this to take him here. There are three dining areas, a large dining room, a sushi bar lounge area with a bar yet it is still family appropriate, and a patio with misters. The food options include lobster, different styles of crab, shrimp, oysters, mussels, and even sushi. Since it is salmon season, they also had a variety of salmon specialties. Between the four of us, we had king crab, calamari, crab cakes, spicy seafood chowder, a philly sushi roll, mussels, and shrimp. The only thing I would pass on my next trip would be the chowder. It indeed had a spice, but the broth was a bit greasy. Everything else I would have seconds of in a heartbeat!Granted, this place isn't the cheapest. (4 people = $200 bill) But I think that is pretty average if you are expecting high quality fish. Perfect for a date night, or trying to impress a potential business partner or client. And just as perfect for a family craving seafood. Can't wait to return.
5	I'm all about the seafood! So when Jessie B's birthday came up Dyanna L suggested we check out Kings Fish House. Yay!!Since it was a Thursday night it wasn't that busy so there was no need for a reservation. (On a Friday or the weekend I'd make a reservation.) We were seated quickly in a nice large booth. Since Dyanna had been here prior we asked her what she liked. For our drinks I ordered a Hurricane, which was super strong, but still tasty. The birthday girl ordered a Mojito and Dyanna had a Spicy Bloody Mary. It was a hard choice for appetizers. King's has a huge menu and even sushi!! Yay! So we picked the Shrimp Taquitos and a Trojan roll. Both items were excellent. The taquitos had a whole shrimp in each one and they were topped with queso fresco and pico. Plus a side of guacamole. The taquitos had a really tasty spicy flavor and with the crunch of the shell it was a perfect bite. The Trojan roll was delish! It had tender spicy tuna. Mmmm! All three of us dug in. I would have been happy with just the appetizers, but entrees were still to come. Jessie ordered the seared scallops while Dyanna had the macadamia nut crusted salmon. Yummy! I ordered the seafood cobb salad with their house vinaigrette. It was the best salad ever! It had a row of chopped shrimp, scallops and crab. Omg amazing! The vinaigrette had the perfect flavor to enhance the seafood. It also was huge! Our waiter was on point, super friendly and very sweet. He answered all our questions and made sure our drinks were filled and that each course came out smoothly. The decor was relaxing and cool too. Lots of dark wood and vintage tiny tiles of black and white lined the floors. There is also patio seating which looks very inviting. It was a great place to celebrate Jessie's birthday! All three of us left full and happy. It was truly a perfect night with amazing friends and food and drinks that matched.
1	It has slowly but surely gone downhill. Friday night and it's empty so I think other people are thinking the same thing. They messed up every dish we ordered.
1	Well I had high expectations after reading the reviews and making my own list from Trip Advisor's top restaurants in Henderson. The clam chowder was good. Then everything went downhill from there. We started with a couple of appetizers, crab cakes and calamari. They both had so much grease on them that the plates were glistening. Glad we hadn't ordered anything else. It was so far from even being good that I am wondering how it even got on TA's list. Coming from Boston It is sad to think this is considered one of the best. For myself, my search will continue.
4	Best way to describe kings is pappadeux... With a little less Cajun and a little more a-jun. ( i.e. sushi.... See what I did there?)Great selection of oysters and fresh seafood, and I always respect restaurants that give you beer in a 22 oz glass. Nothing says "I have a little bit of a drinking problem" better than a beer that's a foot tall. But hey, this is vegas, and it's not like it's one of those beers shaped like the Eiffel tower. Service here was great. Really great. Our waiter really made our night our night out special. Very friendly, made good recommendations, knowledgable about the menu, but not too in your face. A real pro. He recommended the halibut, which was an excellent choice, and my wife who does not usually like seafood enjoyed every bite. Win win because I'm always trying to convert her into a seafood lover. Been here twice now and can't see any reason I wouldn't be back.
4	Sometimes when a dining experience falls short of your expectations its poor ordering on your part, failing to ask enough questions. For what ever the reason great recovery effort by a skilled caring staff can save the evening.  I arrived committed to ordering oysters. I went against my hunger. What I got was good, so it's my own darned fault for not being delighted with the Captains Platter (fried) yep I shoulda known better!  I must admit that the sushi as an appetizer was excellent as was the side of grilled zucchini! Even more satisfying was the Bread Pudding with whisky sauce! I moved here from Kentucky and this girl loves her whisky sauce!!! An unsavory oversight from dishwashing process nearly had me bailing out before dinner arrived. The managers bosses were milling around and I would hope they would be proud of how the caring staff restored my dining equilibrium. Nicely handled. Had they fallen short of only have given one star!
4	Ben is a fantastic server!! Very knowledgable. The tuna melt is better than you'd expect.
2	Used to be a favorite of mine and my family. Whether it's due to the season or the restaurant budget, they removed pretty much all the reasons I liked coming here from the menu, and especially no more lobster bisque. Complaint from my family member is too much bacon and lack of clams in clam chowder as well as the lack of items that aren't farm raised. Very sad to say we probably won't be coming back to what was our favorite seafood place.
4	Shrimp taquitos were great. The chicken sandwich I had was really juicy - not dry like most. Clam chowder also tasty. Definitely recommend
2	I've been coming here since the District was built.  I used to look forward to eating at Kings.   It is doubtful I will eat here again.  They have ruined the blue cheese & walnut salad.  The guacamole was insipid.  The waitress was pushy, randomly recommending items to drive up the meal cost.  (Have had good service in the past from Ben.)  Very, very disappointed.  The previous time I ate at Kings another member of the party was disappointed.  Too bad.
1	This is one of the most over rated seafood restaurant chains. Had a tasteless and rubbery calamari and a non-descript order of coconut shrimp. Try the coconut shrimp at The Outback -- much better for a reasonably priced restaurant chain. Try the tender calamari with a fabulous sweet/spicy sauce at The Mood Restaurant located inside the Artisan Hotel (the rest of their menu, including the lobster mac n' cheese is very worthy of attention and repeat visits). We will not be repeating our experience at King's any time soon.
