4	Located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood this place was a nice find. I have to buy my 10 year old a gift every time we go to Vegas and it's always a struggle finding something that he won't just go "eh" and throw it to the side.Don was in there when we got there and gave us the usual magic spiel when I told him who I was buying for and showed us a few different tricks. They all looked pretty cool so we went for one that was about $20 that it looked like he could do pretty easy. I'm sure I'll be seeing the trick done over and over again for weeks to come!
4	After stopping off and getting the hubby a new hat at Hatittude next door in the Miracle Mile Shops, we stopped off at the magic shop next door looking for a gift for my step son.  Don, was extremely helpful and friendly enough to show us several tricks and how they worked.  We picked a card trick and got a great non-souvenir gift that I am sure will be a hit.  Great experience in a shop I probably would have never walked into, but would again in a heartbeat.
1	Sure the demos are cool to watch but then again they are performed by real performers. The only magic you will see if the removal of money from your wallet if you are dumb enough to actually buy any of the tricks they are selling you.Like a fool I purchased the Arne rising card deck after seeing a demo and being assured that this was a trick for beginners. The packge states no sleight of hand required and that the book has everything you need to master the trick.All the book does is tell you to buy other books and nowhere is there any hint of how you actually perform the trick(s). What a rip-off.The only trick I have learned for my $25 purchase is that I should have vanished from the shop as soon as the pitch started. I don't know how staff sleep at night knowing that they are stealing from their customers. Perhaps that is just Vegas for you.
2	The Houdini shops abound in Vegas which was both surprising and disappointing. The shops themselves are well kept and the staff at most of the locations I visited were entertaining and helpful to those I witnessed inquiring about tricks. However, I was disappointed with the narrow selections of mostly cheap plastic gimmicky novelty tricks specifically manufactured and branded for Houdini Magic sold at a premium price. Most are the quality and level you'd find in a kids magic set at any department store at Christmas time, so they are more toy than quality gimmick or trick. The sales folks at every store try the hard sell on hovercard gimmicks and very cheap quality trick decks, but at least give the average Joe an entertaining exhibition to sell them on the product.Don't get me wrong, for the shops they are they are ok, but not at all what I would expect from a "magic" store in the magic capital of the US. I was a little surprised to find Vegas only has Houdini shops and nothing more robust or at least with a varied selection.If your looking for fun gimmicks for younger folks or stuff to entertain coworkers a few times, it's at least worth a stop, but don't plan to find anything worthwhile if you've ever dabbled in magic before. Your kids will probably enjoy the experience, but you'll most likely be disappointed.
3	My husband has this hidden talent for magic - he doesn't have a ton of tricks but the tricks he knows, he is really good at. There are tricks to this day where I still don't know how he does it and he'll never disclose.We had some time to kill before our table was ready at Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant so we stopped in here to browse. The staff here is really awesome and very willing to demonstrate magic tricks.  They won't actually show you how their done unless you end up purchasing them. I agree with Adam C. where he notes that most of the tricks are a little cheesy but they're at the very least entertaining. The one trick my husbands been looking for was not available for purchase but we still picked up a few that he can do with younger nieces that they'll go crazy over. A great place to pass time and be entertained.
3	This is how they get you: you walk in, the lady behind the corner is practicing her magic tricks... and your drawn in. You stand in the corner watching her (and she knows this); you're trying to figure out the tricks as she's practicing but you realize you need to get closer. You look for the merchandise on the shelf and see the mini lights that she was using. You look for the directions and you can't find them anywhere on the box. All it says is, "mystify your friends by this jumping light!" You walk up to the counter and ask her if it's easy enough for you or your teenager to learn and then it's over. She shows you her tricks up close and before you know it, you end up getting sucked in to buy the "intro to magic set." It's about $40 but every kid loves it--including my 13 year old at home. My 33 year old husband bought the jumping lights and the floating card trick for himself. After the purchase, the lady pulled us to the side of the counter to show us how it works and we were blown away. To this day, we still haven't practiced or used the items we bought but it was still a memorable experience. We enjoyed the personalized attention and friendly service.
3	My fiance was in search for Scotch and Soda for his brother's birthday (for nostalgia), and we walked into Houdini Magic Shop in the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Stores.  On our first visit, the gentleman behind the counter was tidying up, and answering questions... nothing too exciting.  We looked around, gawked at the masks on the tops of the shelves, and checked out what basic magic tricks they had available.  We found the Scotch and Soda for about $30, but we wanted to see if any of the other magic shops had it for a lower price.We came back the next day after visiting another magic shop that had Scotch and Soda, but it was the same price, and extremely packed inside the store.  This is when we met Don (the funniest magician/salesman).  Don was incredibly friendly, and showed us a few magic tricks while we were looking to purchase Scotch and Soda.  To his advantage, my fiance and I are like two children who are easily amazed.  We watched him perform the disappearing card deck and the floating coin/card.  After spending 30 minutes in awe, it took a lot of self control to walk out with just Scotch and Soda.We returned the following day to purchase the disappearing card deck as birthday present part 2, and Don showed us a couple of new magic tricks at the time.I think that if it hadn't been for Don, we would've made our purchases at another Magic Shop, but because he's so personable and hilarious, we came back to this store.  This shop is definitely worth a visit!
4	This is an awesome magic shop located in NYNY with tons of vintage magic gear and a load of very affordable tricks as well!
4	Very cute spot. Has it all from modern merch to antiques. Definitely worth the browse if you are passing by.
