4	LOL at every Sonic commercial ever made.  Whoever is responsible for that ad campaign is going places in life.This is probably the closest one to the strip, which is a good thing because Sonic is a freaking celebration meal.  Nothing makes a louder statement than when you come here and pay with a one hundred dollar bill.
2	BOO. Only their drive-in is open 24 hours. Everything else is closed at 1 or 2, I think. This means when you stumble over from the Palms after the clubs close you can't get food!!! Okay technically you could walk through drive-thru but then you breathe in all the exhaust and all the people in cars stare at you. Not cool!I was so excited to try Sonic after always seeing their commercials but not having any in LA. The one about the 100% apple and "this is actually one of your better arguments" is HI-larious! Anyways, didn't really enjoy the food though. It just tasted like generic fast food. I guess their genius lies in their drink menu. Because my chocolate milkshake was fantastic!
5	Rolling out of bed at 1 pm, hunger pangs... quick shower, quick drive to the north end of the strip. I saw a commercial upon rousing that day, and had a plan, nay, a GOAL-- Sonic.A chicken toaster, fried mac and cheese, extra long chili cheese coney, tator tots, sausage bistro sandwich, sonic sunrise, cranberry limeade, and $15 later, I was satisfied. Now ready for another night in Vegas!
5	I LOVE ME SOME SONIC, especially since there aren't any in the SF Valley (BOO on that).First time I ever ate here, I had the double cheese burger, tater tots, and a chocolate shake.  DELISHHH.  Its better than Mickey D's, yet not quite as good as In n' Out.  Although I will say, the menu is SO much more extensive than any fast food place, it almost doesn't seem like a fast food place.Every time I've been there, the service has been really fast, friendly, and correct.  Never had a wrong order from a fast food joint?  WHAT??  OMG!!!
4	just took SO to airport - gone for 3 weeks before i join her for the last 8 days of her trip back to china...driving home kinda hungry, kinda down so i decided to hit sonic  - i've been there once in the past with my daughter but only had a  slush ( i did not really consider ithe drink to be a slush but hey...what do i know ! ) anyways, ordered a burger ( they are 1/2 price ) some onion rings...cost ...gee...$3....the burger....ehhhhh ...nothing special ...the onion rings...interesting...i liked them...they have a sweet flavor with what i believe is ...hmmm...is it vanilla ?!?!  and the kicker...in my sack was ...cheesecake...nibbles/squares...somethin' like that ...thanks guys !!!   sonic is not your run of the mill drive-thru ...yes...i will try again
5	I dont have one of these at home here in seattle to go to :(But the two times Ive been here have been delightful.I love their toaster sandwiches...hell everything on their menu sounds great, especially when being in vegas is all about over-indulgence anyway...The highlight of my experience here was trying to figure out how to order off the board via walk-up service..I was totally new to it..that and eavesdropping on a guy talking about hooking up with a girl who had "so much hair on her chest you could braid it"...Ahh..vegas.
5	After leaving Rain Nightclub, we (my buddies and I) took all our intoxicated behinds here. We initially were going to find a Denny's or something, but upon discovering this great new thing that we've never had, we entered the premises. To bless Sonic with our first ever presence, we took two laps around the parking lot, ghost ride style (for those who don't know what ghost riding means, look it up on urbandictionary.com). We all parked and got out the car like we were supposed to eat inside. Unfortunately, the only thing open was the Drive-Thru, so we all got back inside the car and drove up to the window (keep in mind most of us were still intoxicated).My order consisted of the following:-Sonic Bacon Cheeseburger (For as fast as they made it, it rivals the Western Bacon Cheeseburger at Carl's Jr which happens to be my favorite)-Popcorn Chicken Combo with a Strawberry Limeade (they make it much better than the ones they serve at KFC, The bites are larger and not as crunchy so you could actually enjoy the chicken. The fries are pretty standard, but go great with the combo)-Sonic Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Blast (what a way to finish off a meal)All this cost me about 10 bucks. Not bad at all.We parked our car in the parking lot to scarf down our newfound meals. Upon finishing we went back to our hotel room, unable to sleep due to the fact we were all food comatose. When we finally did sleep, we woke up 8 hours after check out. That's a whole 'nother story though. =P5 stars only for this location, being it was the first time I ever ate at a Sonic. I also wish they open up a location near San Francisco.
4	It is the cruelest joke for there to be Sonic commercials on our TVs here in Northern California only for there not to be any Sonics nearby.  Epic fail.  One of the few redeeming things about Vegas is that there are no fewer than 6 Sonic Burgers.  How does it compare to In N Out?  It doesn't.  But it has a bunch of pretty darn good food like the Coney Dog.  A chili cheese hot dog for $2.  Yum.The popcorn chicken, onion rings, and tater tots are all surprisingly good as well.  And of course, their smoothies and shakes are where they shine.So no it's not as good as In N Out, but it is pretty darn good and after paying through the nose for room service and hoity-toity restaurants, you just couldn't beat a oily, heavy, mouth-watering, delicious $5 meal at Sonic.
3	If you've ever looked at my lists, then you know, I have one of just Sonic Burgers.  Why? cause I live in Northern CA, and we get the comercials, but not actually the restaurants - and I'm a long time lover of the Coney, The texas grilled cheese, and of course - the end all be off of refreshment..The strawberry limeade.This was a daily stop for me on my last several trips to Vegas.  I pretty much only came over for the Strawberry Limeades, mostly cause I was hung over 90% of the time, and didn't actually eat until later.Still, they make a good Strawberry Limeade, and I'll be seeing ya'll next week!
2	UPDATE:I originally gave this Sonic a 5 star rating b/c the first couple of times I went there, it was amazing.  Well, this last time was NOT.We went through the drive thru, ordered 2 breakfast burritos with NO PEPPERS and NO JALAPENOS.  Well, the first time, the order was wrong, it had peppers.  The second time, the order was wrong, it had no peppers, but it had jalapenos.  The third time, the girl at the window spilled my soda ALL OVER MY LAP cuz the lid wasn't on tight.  At this point, the manager decided to give me my meal for free.  YOU THINK???  Guess, I can't ask for much from min-wagers, and yeah, even my free meal wasn't right.  It still had jalapenos.  I threw it in the trash.UGH, go to the one on Sahara.  Stay clear of this one!!!
3	It's Sunday noon, you're ready to do that long 4 hour drive back home and you're starving. You don't want to spend anymore money especially after a weekend of ASS kicking the casinos gave you. Don't fret, Sonic Burger will be there to comfort you. Try a double Sonic burger with everything. Or how about a Toaster Chicken sandwich? MMMMMM.......sweet onion rings and nothing like soggy chili fries.  Drown those sorrows with a Strawberry slush. As you leave Vegas full, you realized you just gave up your last $20 and you fall into depression again. Raise your fist out your car window and scream: "I'll be back bitches!"
4	Ok... I have to admit; this is my guilty pleasure. I HATE how living in San Diego... and San Jose... and normal large metropolitan cities; we get these annoying Sonic ads on TV. Guess what!? THERE ARE NO SONICS AROUND ME!!! At least within a normal driving distance! (And I'm the gal who grew up driving to Napa for lunch! SHEESH!)We definitely gorged ourselves silly here... And they have a "Happy Hour" from 2-4; where the drinks were 50% off. The bacon cheeseburger had amazingly crisp yummy bacon. The corndog gave Hot Dog on a Stick a run for its money and the service was surprisingly fast compared to the Orange, CA location. Ahhh.... and their glorious drinks. Shakes were divine and the cream slushes were perfect.
5	Yeah baby! Sonics is the bomb! I used to live on the east coast when my husband was in the military & that is when I discovered Sonics...well I lied. I actually discovered Sonics on our drive across country from LA to VA when we stopped at one in Texas. Wow their burgers are tasty and Tater tots!!! Who doesn't love tot's! They are like a Lil' ball of hash browns that are suitable anytime. When I was at this particular location the service was reasonable-be fair people they are only high school kids- and the food was yummy! The funny thing was that we went here on a Saturday night around 2am & it was packed with High School kids....doesn't LV have a curfew for minors..hell it's Vegas who are we kidding. All these kids were chillin' on the hood of their rides trying to act all cool...Act being the key word here...that alone was worth it. There was even a kid probably around 10 yrs old tagging along with his sis while she was mackin' on her man right in front of our car. Damn! Where was his mama! Anyhow, I like this place point blank. And if you show up late enough you might catch someone acting the fool like we did.
4	Crinkle cut fries and a delicious burger on a sunday afternoon before heading back home! I would have given Sonics 5 stars however they need more locations in cali...anahiem and bakersfield is too far! That or cut down the dang commercials..makes the craving go up 10 notches and lord know im not going to drive 2 hours to get a burger!
3	I've had hit-and-miss experiences with this Sonic.  My first experience was sublime ... double cheeseburger and tots - The burger was big, flavorful and juicy and tots were, well, tot-like but that is pretty good. My second taste was just meh. This time I got the regular cheeseburger and the missing extra slab of meat made a huge difference.  2 slabs = YUM!  1 slab = Meh.  Want to try their bacon cheeseburger next time.  Bacon makes everything taste better, don't you think?  LOL  I also want to explore more of their beverage selections!  It is about time we had a fast-food joint that served more than sodas and shakes.  A little creativity in the liquids department is refreshing (pun intended).Very good onions rings too!All in all, not a bad burger joint, but doesn't even begin to match-up to In-N-Out's marvelous meaty wonders.
4	GREAT burgers!!   A LOT better than In N Out, that's for sure!!
5	It took me many years to finally go to a Sonic restaurant because where I am from does not have Sonic. Good food, service somewhat slow but it is worth it.
5	Woohoo! Sonic! Never fails me. We actually ate here TWICE during our stay in Vegas because we didn't want to spend money and didn't want to leave the hotel (we stayed at the Rio) because we had to meet a friend flying in the next night. Both nights I got the cheeseburger with tots. I totally recommend coming here for happy hour 2-4 pm to get 1/2 half off slushys and then take them back to your hotel and add alcohol. I brought some grand marnier to vegas and added that to my slushy and it was pretty darn good and cheap! It was pretty busy the second night we came here but they were short staffed and apologized for the long wait. I like the guy in the rollerblades cruisin around asking customers if they want any sauce. Good times!
3	FINALLY!! i finally got to go to a SONICS after watchin a million of their commercials  we stopped by right after we left the rio(becuz its RIGHT NEXT TO IT) we pulled in and i stared at the huge screen until i was ready to order. then u push this button and u order! we got there at like 3:30pm so it was happy hour! (2-4pm every day!) so we got LARGE realfruit slushies for only like 80cents! sweeet~!!  hannah got the lemon berry and i got a strawberry plus we got tatertots & onion rings to keep ourselves awake on the drive home!! u then can pay with ur card rite there and then a dude on rollerblades rolls out to give u the food hehee i felt like i was in the flinstones!the drinks were sooooo good and for less then a BUCK how can u got wrong? i wish there were more sonics around me...the onion rings and tots? not so good. they were OKAY nothing amazing but forsure ima hafta stop by here everytime in lv before i go home the large slush stayed yum & frozen till i was nearly back to the OC!
4	Honestly, I think Sonic's is pretty over-rated. The burgers, chicken tenders, and fries are "ok", but what makes this place koo is their drink and dessert menu. and sometimes they have great dollar deals.
1	Seriously?! Such a disappointment. I remember having sonics when i was a kid and not liking it very much. But from always seeing commercials i would think maybe i was wrong and i need to give it another chance one day.. Well, another chance was given while i was in vegas and my gosh i was right all along!! we went late at night and there were boppers hangin out outside being rowdy and noisy and all over the place so that just made it worse. We ordered from speakers that would keep screeeeechinggg and making loud ugly noises. The food was totally just BLAH. I dont even remember what anyone ordered.. I even forgot we went there until i saw pictures from my friends camera, I guess it was not memorable enough that i totally forgot we even went there.. After eating sonics, we all felt like crap... =(I think the best thing I had there was the cherry limeade drink. No joke.. *sigh*
5	Vegas is not complete without a fix from Sonic's. Those damn Chilli Dog and Tater Tots got us coming back for more. Try the Chocolate Peanut Butter Shake! It's good..
1	This is the worst food, and it's gotten worse since their value menu.  The service was horrible, I brought in a coupon, read the exact item off the coupon and when I went to the window, they insisted I had ordered the larger, deluxe item and forced me to take it.  Lousy dog, worse chili, sorry folks, I won't be back - I wanted to try the drinks but after that experience, yuck, I can't see it.
4	Great Place Love there drinks the only mistake was walking over and sitting in 110 degree weather we should have driven over. The services is good I got a chocolate soda and my wife a slushie. The burgers are great, but like I said try eating in front of all theses cars with the engines going and the heat not good
4	Open 24 hours.....    Good food good fun . We like the diet cherry limeade and coneys.    It was great to see a sonic open all night ....    Vegas baby..
2	You want to know what the lamest thing in the world is ????ALL THE GOD DAMN SONIC COMMERCIALS IN SEATTLE, WHEN THE CLOSEST ONE IS OVER AN HOUR AWAY...HORSESH**...Well the other night to my amazement I saw a Sonic drive in and I had to stumble over and try. Hot damn was it a disappointment...they discontinued the cheesecake bites!! WTF?!? And to rub salt in the wound...damn waitress says "oh too bad those were delicious, you missed out!"....freakin' hooker...sorry but I love me some cheesecake! Tried out a wrap and the bacon burger...they were just so so...would rather had a Sourdough Jack from Jack in the Box. Only real good thing to get here are their slushy drinks.
2	I don't understand why we can't go into the building and order face to face because that whole speaker-system thing sucks. I wanted to make sure that the waitress got down our order and instead she ended up taking out items and so our order wasn't complete.The burger was mediocre, probably somewhere down below mcdonalds, in n out, and burger king. The chili cheese fries were decent but the cheese and chili wasn't evenly distributed so alot of it was just regular fries. My boyfriend ordered the reese's blast and it was actually really good, definitely the only thing i make a trip to sonic's for. Food's prepared quickly but what do you expect, it's a fast food restaurant.
4	Now, I don't like to review chains because consistency is one of their strongest assets. BUT, I'd been wanting to go to a Sonic for years so I feel obligated to review it after my first experience there. I demanded that we stop here on our midnight roadtrip to Park City, UT. We were desperate to get out of the car and get some fresh air so we forewent the drive-in window. In the covered outdoor seating area there were more walk-up menus and ordering devices. It was very strange and fun. We were disappointed that the waitresses didn't come out on rollerskates but they were cute and patient nonetheless. I got a bacon cheeseburger on Texas toast which was pretty typical but the Texas toast was such a great addition. We were very intrigued by the fact that there was no inside except for the kitchen but we had fun hanging out in the chilly desert night. A must-do for anyone who has ever seen the commercial and said to themselves "where the hell is there a Sonic?"
3	This is a good place to stop before you make your 4 hour trip back to LA. I've always wanted to try this place because of all the hype. Sonics is a rarity in Los Angeles. I like the unique drive-thru ordering style but overall the food was pretty average. Tastes like your regular burger joint. Also, because the server brings your food in their little roller blades you gotta tip. Not that that is a bad thing but... I don't know, I guess I'd rather just go to a restaurant. Every time we head back to LA, we stack up on food from here.
2	i think it might be a california thing, but i like my slushes a bit icey.... they are more like a slurpee here, overblended and watery... they didnt even fix it after we asked for a replacement. fail
4	We make a point to visit this great Sonic while in Vegas.Not only is the food good and the tater tots addicting, but the service is so good at this location. They come to your car offering more condiments and check in on you.Speaking of location, it's just a few blocks away from the Strip and across the street from the Palms. I love it!
3	Good food and drinks.  Wish they had one in my town.  Alawys a good choice once you're tired of eating buffets or paying for expensive meals.
5	Alright this one deserves 5 stars, YUM!Came a little before 10 PM to get some grub with the boyfriend. Got responded to quickly, they took our order (a burger, large tots & cherry limeade for him, a grilled cheese kids meal with tots and Ocean Water for me - yes, I order the kids meal, come at me!) and literally within minutes the car hop came out and was careful to warn us about how hot the tots were in our bags (which they were, hot damn indeed!) and even came back a couple minutes later to ask us if we needed anything else. After finishing this meal, I still had a major craving for mozzarella sticks after the sub-par ones I got at the other Sonic a couple weeks ago, but these did not disappoint! I got my mozzarella sticks hot and fresh, with the freakin' marinara sauce they go along with so well. This has always been my favorite location and the customer service and food was amazing, fresh, hot, and delicious. All while sitting in the comfort of my boyfriend's Honda Fit. A great quick, filling meal and I will definitely go again.
4	You can never say one sonic is better than another sonic. They all taste the same. The greatest thing about this Sonic's is that it's in Vegas! You've been in line for the club for almost 2 hours, you finally get in, you spend over 2 bills on drinks, you're sweating your ass off, you now have blisters from those damn heels, and it's 4 am and you're starving! Look to the Palms, it's not a Mirage, it's SONICS and it's open 24 hours. How can this place get any more convenient for Vegas? You don't need to get your tired drunk ass out of the car to order food. You don't need to worry about who will watch your friend who is passed out in the backseat like dead weight because you can just eat on top of them. Rehydrate yourself with limeades cause you know you're thirsty from all those shots. PS. Coney chili cheese dogs, chili cheese tots, and mozzarella sticks always hit the spot!!Don't be surprise to wake up the next morning with food stains all over the top you just bought at that miracle mile shop.
4	I'm originally from San Jose, CA.  For some reason, we would get the Sonic commercials (even though the nearest Sonic was at least an hour away). So I was pretty psyched to try this place out when I moved her 4 years ago.The service is fast and friendly. The slushes are cold and the tots are hot.  What else could you ask for from a fast food joint?This location (across the street from the Palms hotel) is open 24 hours.  Happy hour from 2-4 PM (drinks/slushes 1/2 off) and shakes are buy one get one free all day.The coneys are all right, the cheeseburgers are so-so; 9 times out of 10 I end up at Sonic for a drink or dessert.My current favorite: the Campfire Blast (thick graham cracker soft serve swirled with chocolate covered marshmallows) and Strawberry Watermelon Slush
4	Fast, courteous service, good value for the food. Have been coming here for years. Basically you pull in, hit a button, order, swipe your card and the fast food comes out with a smile a few minutes later. Usually the servers deliver the food, if you're parked at a stall, via skates. The skates idea is different and is unique to the Sonic Drive-In establishments. The drive-thru wait time is somewhat to be desired so be ready to wait a few extra minutes before receiving your order. However, if they're on the ball that day, they'll deliver a simpler order to your car even if you are two or three back first and then let you go. This is also a unique customer service feature to this and some other Sonic Drive-Ins.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVEEEEE Sonic! I'll choose this place over a fancy restaurant ANY DAY. My Ideal cheap date spot. The burgers are awesome and so cheap! its just a shame i have to bust a mission to find a Sonic since there are none around my home. Every time i visit, its such a treat! :]
4	Can't agree with Joanne's statement of "you can never say one sonic is better than another sonic. They all taste the same".Being a New Yorker, I am often PISSED when I see the Sonic Commercials and then realize the closest one is an hour and a half drive from my house.  This means that when I have the opportunity to go to a Sonic, I do it.This was the 4th Sonic I've ever visited (I went to one in NJ, PA, and Austin, TX before).  This was probably the worst one I've been to. Don't get me wrong, if you like Sonic you'll like this one, but it was subpar compared to the other ones.The Texas Bacon Cheeseburger and Frito Chile Cheese Wrap were great, as usual. The onion rings tasted weird and were disappointing (I had them in Jersey a couple of months ago and they were excellent).  Also, the people who work here aren't the brightest bulbs in the lamp.  I ordered a #5 with a frito chili cheese wrap and a diet coke and took them forever to figure out what was up.
3	My friend told me about the funniest fast-food experience of his life..and it happened at Sonics. He explained that they had ordered a few smoothies and the Sonics server rollerskated to their car and spilled an entire smoothie onto the side of their car lol...poor guy. Then the server took another couple of trips to bring another smoothie and towels to wipe down the car...but would forget things like the towel, etc so it took a loong time. Mmm..is this guy sober? lolfriend: (joking) are you going to comp us a smoothie?server: Yeah, I can do that. friend: are you going to get fired if you do?server: Yeah, probably. haha this guy is hilarious. So my friend took me to the exact location the same day because I have never tried Sonics in my life. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and foot-long coney with a slushie. Besides the cheap prices (especially during happy hour) I don't find anything great to reel me back to this joint. Jack in the crack is still going to be my #1. My first experience was kind of disappointing, but I would be down to give it another try.
5	Loved it!  I made it a point to try this place because the commercials make it look so good!  I wish we had a Sonic in Hawaii (maybe it's good that there isn't)!
5	I always stop here and get a chocolate shake when I'm in Vegas.  These guys have the best chocolate shakes around.  For $3 you can't get a better deal.  Chocolate is my favorite flavor.  I tried the pineapple the other day and let's just say, I will be sticking with the chocolate shakes from now on.
1	This review is based on the fact that it's in Vegas.  My group wanted to go here for lunch.  They wanted a light lunch before the buffet we were planning to have later that day.  So Sonics was agreed upon (with them.)I was hesitant to go to a Sonics when we were at Vegas.  We could get this anywhere, anytime, so why now?  But I agreed, we needed a light lunch and why not have it cheap while at it.Unfortunately, it wasn't too cheap.  You can't just get one of their $1 burgers cuz they're tiny and you'll still be starving afterwards.  So I got the large chili cheese fries to split also.The burgers... sucked.  Even for a dollar, they sucked.  Badly.  The chili cheese fries... WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY overly salty.  Like, I was tempted to drench it in ketchup to dilute the salt.  Horrible.  Don't go to Vegas for fast food, if you do, don't go here.  There's an In N Out a few miles away...
4	My final Las Vegas meal/snack comes from a fast food franchise I don't see significantly much in the Bay Area. I haven't been to Sonic in a few years (Tracy, Ca's location in 2007). Amazingly, this is my second time ever visit to the franchise. This location, which is located directly across the street from the Palm's Hotel and Casino, also has a kiosk machine to order our food and beverage. But this machine did take forever to get the worker's attention that I wanted to eat. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/On8O41uCKj1GfF1Bt4S2Lg?select=ATiSDylfA0woXPy8UNigkQI came at 2pm and happy hour had begun with the drinks are half price. I had the medium-size Cherry flavored Limeade, which regularly costs $1.49. Happy hour price is less than a $1.00. Despite Las Vegas being overcast and windy, the drink was very refreshing and thirst quenching. I'm a big fan of the drink and hit the jackpot here. I also had a craving for Cheesy Chili tater-tots for $2.99. I'm a big fan of the nasty dish!My meal: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/On8O41uCKj1GfF1Bt4S2Lg?select=Wxkgdrit2dt6tECZ_wTBTAThe waiter was on roller-skates and brought my food out. So cool, to see that.                 I hope Sonic will continue to bring more restaurants to the Bay Area!
3	No joke, I actually witnessed a mugging in this parking lot.  I was in my car in the drive thru, and I almost hit a guy who came running out in front of me.  Too bad I didn't, because if I had, I would have stopped him from running off with some poor girl's purse!  Needless to say, this restaurant has been forever imprinted on my mind as the place where I witnessed a mugging.  However, it was also pretty decent hangover food.  I was in Vegas for my 21st birthday when this all occurred, so I was hungover as hell after three crazy nights out with my sorority sisters.  I got a bunch of fried food for pretty cheap, and it really helped me on the drive home.  Would I recommend this to someone on a diet?  Absolutely not!  But would I recommend it to someone who just needs to recover from a crazy night at JET or Tryst?  Why the hell not!
3	Simple easy all american food. drive thru service was quick. and their slushies are amazing!
5	After a long night in Vegas and not eating dinner yet...I was STARVING! And this Sonic is open 24 hours and is located right across from the Palms. So we had the taxi drop us off at Sonic. I'm giving it 5 stars because:* It's open 24 hours* The guy who brought out our food was super nice and friendly* The cheese tots make for great drunk food* The frito pies make for great drunk food* The popcorn chicken make for great drunk foodPlus it's cheap...after spending all my money at the bars, this place just hits the spot!
5	giving it 5 stars for same reasons as others before: sonic is open 24 hours, convenient location, i experienced super friendly service, and the food was pretty fresh even at 230am. all in all, its decent quality fast-food that sure hits the spot afterhours.
5	Unexpectly good...and they are on skates
3	its sonic.. u know what ur getting when u get here
5	Great food, fast service. Out of all the fast food places to eat at I'd pick Sonics any day.  The quality is superb. Try the Onion Rings. I'm not a big fan of onions but their rings hide the taste of onions.
4	OMG it was my first time having Sonics and it was not what i expected. In a sense i felt like it was a Wendy's but with service that had a flare to it. I was starving especially after a night of drinking it was a much needed lunch. The tater tots were pretty good. Not too oily but not crunchy enough lol. But one thing i must recommend is the grapesicle. I am not a big fan of grape, but that drink was really good that i would order more. Cherry limeade was ehh... too sweet for my taste. I wish there was a Sonics closer to home. If i wasnt in vegas, i wouldnt have driven all the way out here to try out sonics lol. the waitress that helped us was very nice and kept the conversation going. sadly the only thing i can remember was that she was from Long Beach
1	everyone says sonic has the best drinks...and everytime i go, i always end up thinking...what a bs! we were on the way home and hungry. i ordered chicago dog and peach ice tea. ok so as far as chicago dog goes...meh all i have to say. jalapenos was the best thing about this! peach ice tea...go to jack in the box and order one from there. 10 times better!
4	I hadn't been to one of these in a long while, but while vacationing in Las Vegas recently my daughter talked me in to going here for a quick lunch. Had a cheeseburger, and at my daughter's recommendation, I ordered the tator-tots with chili and cheese! WOW! Next time, I'll order the tator-tots with chili and cheese withouth the burger. Wish we had a Sonic Drive-In around here where I live. (maybe it's a good thing we don't)
4	I hadn't been to a Sonic at all in my life. I passed by this place in 2009 but now I can say I finally tried it.  It is near the Palms Casino, had the All American Hot Dog and the Coney Island Hot Dog w/ chilli and cheese. It definitely hit the spot at 3:45 in the morning or so.  Even if you walk up and order you can't physically go inside the restaurant, you order from the outside box and the people come to you with your order and you pay cash or credit.  The drink was cool too, the ice was chipped in a different kind of way, so the Sprite tasted like a total slushie.  The handmade Onion Rings tasted unbelieveable also.I know there are a few Sonic's in Jersey, but I am never really around there but the commercial play all over NY, nah mean. So the word is out there.
4	Holy Moly. Sonics drinks and ice will bring a dead person back from the grave. You can get any concoction you can possibly think of and the ice is perfect for crunching. Their tots with cheese are ridiculously good too. The rest of their food can kind of be blah but I love every version of their tots you can get. They had a sparkling strawberry lemonade that isnt on the menu anymore but I would hit my mama for it! It was amazing!
3	Only because we lack a Sonic's in Hawaii, I venture to this place so willingly.  Unfortunately, the customer service here is a hit or miss.  I'm not sure if I like the delivery to car, considering I have had most of my drink spilt on me (and inside the car) in the process.  During that same trip though, they somehow gave me a Limeade (that I definitely did not order), so that made me a little less bothered.   Make sure to go during "Happy Hour" to take advantage of the special drink prices.  The drinks pretty much end up all tasting the same to me, super sugary, tangy, not to mention make me have a huge rush after consumption.  The hot dogs are meh, nothing special... Yet, somehow savory good when nothing else is open and moderately priced in the wee hours of the morning.
3	Sonic has some interesting stuff on their menu. When I think of Sonic I think of people who have the munchies because in a right state of mind I don't think I would eat half the stuff on their menu. I usually feel overwhelmed by all their drink choices. Don't get me wrong...I've had good food from there but the next day it never really sits well with me =/ I'm sure I will eat Sonic again...and regret it the next morning. It's a love hate relationship but that's usually the case with comfort food.
4	You have to love one of the last fast food chains to have drive-in style dining. The experience alone earns a 3-star rating, but combined with their unique drink selection and affordable prices this place deserves a little bump in their rating. For bigger appetites, the "Footlong Quarter Pound Coney" is a definite recommendation and their tots are a must order. It's located across from The Palms so you can (depending on your luck) finance your meal after 15 minutes at the slots!
3	I go to this drive thru 6 days per week. I don't eat the food, but I LOVE the iced tea. It is perfectly brewed with crushed ice. I can't stop my car from pulling in. The only complaint is the order takers are terrible. And slow. But yet I go there everyday anyway.
5	Woo-hoo!!Please come to Hawaii, Sonic!! I miss you so!!What is not to love about Sonic?? I love the slushies. All of the food items I've had are good (typical fast food but on the good side). I love that they have tator tots and grilled cheese. So yummy!I love how you order outside while sitting in your car and can pay right there at the ordering window by credit card. It gives me the chance to eat what I ordered, and then order some more to go! Yeah I know... Fatty alert!! But hey! It's good and it's convenient!
4	Want a quick dessert delivered to your window by friendly staff? This location has that. The attendant taking my order spoke in a polite and professional manner. The girl who delivered my pineapple sundae with nuts ($1.99) and my friends regular Snickers ice cream ($2.49) was bubbly. The treats came out within 5 minutes and we got to enjoy our dessert on a warm Vegas winter day.The epitome of a nice day. Come during 2pm-5pm and enjoy 1/2 off drinks during Happy Hour. Yet their menu is affordable to begin with. I usually love an ice cream float because they use soft serve. The chocolate malt shakes are pretty good as well.
4	for years I watched sonic commercials willing to pay $50 for a burger and a slush..finally the day came..and I paid around $11 for a breakfast sandwich..fries..a burger and a 44oz slush..was it as good as the commercials depict it to be? No but hey either are big macs..the burgers were better than most fast food chains though..and the slush did live up to the hype though and gave me the biggest brain freeze of my life!! Will be going again because hey nothing beats a hangover better than sonics!!
4	Yay for sonic!!! This is a busy location but always fun!
4	Sonics? across from the palms? Not bad. Happy hour for their drinks and slushy from 2pm-4pm.
4	LET IT BE KNOWN: 4 STARS FOR THE DRINKS, NOT THE FOOD.The burgers, chicken bites, were all pretty generic. I drove here with some friends and one even got food poisoning, though I told him not to get a breakfast burrito at 5pm! This is not Jack in the Box! Anyway, the food Sonics has serves only to have something to munch on while you partake in some of the most glorious non-alcoholic liquids ever created.2p-5p is happy hour and half off all drinks. Me and my friends missed it but whatever. I grabbed a cranberry limeade slush with orange flavoring and it was just the bees knees. I drove all the way to LA with that drink and was almost sad when I had to throw the cup away.Sonics drinks are just so damn good, and are made in so many combinations (on top of being customizable), that despite the barely tolerable food, I can still give it 4 stars.
5	I live in Los Angeles, and there are absolutely zero Sonic's in my area.  I occasionally have an insatiable craving for Sonic, so when I see one I have to get something.  I persuaded my group of friends to stop here while were were recently visiting Las Vegas.  We had just eaten dinner down the street, so I was now on the hunt for something sweet.  We went through the drive-thru and I ordered a Cherry CreamSlush.  As always, Sonic did not disappoint!  My CreamSlush was spectacular, and I am still salivating thinking about it a week later.  It reminded me of a cherry 50/50 bar in a smoothie like liquid form.  I have liked every dessert I have ever had at Sonic, but the Cherry CreamSlush may be my favorite.I just can't express how much I love the fast food at Sonic...especially the desserts!  It is a great indulgence for me, and I always look forward to eating here again.  Until we meet again Sonic...
4	Love their Sweet Potatoes TOTS!
4	Both a Drive-In and a Drive-Thru, this is nice contrast in both price and and what's on the menu from the nearby casinos. The food is good, the drinks are better, and eating here is more enjoyable than going to most other fast food restaurants.
1	Absolutely awful. There are no Sonic's anywhere close to where I live, so when we got the chance to visit one when I went to Las Vegas, I was looking forward to it.However, I hate the fact that you can't walk into the place...I get it, it's a drive-in...but absolutely NO option to go inside?! Kind of silly in my opinion.Getting to the food...nothing special. I would have rather have gone to In n Out.Overall, generic experience, "eh" food, and awful atmosphere. I don't recommend this place...especially if you have a hangover.
2	Mediocre service to go along with sub-par food. FYI, BK & Mickey D's are just down the street. Perhaps I'll try it again when I'm piss drunk. The food might actually taste better.
2	Took forever to get our basic ice cream order. Was at the window waiting for 10 minutes. Charged me $1 to sprinkle ten cents of candy in it. Then they were tiny and she forgot the bottled water!
1	I've been to Sonic Drive-Ins on both coasts of this country, so we expected the same good service and food. We went twice during our visit, and ordered RT44 Strawberry Limeades and the first time got one lime wedge each, so the second time I ordered it with a few lime wedges...and they charged me for 'extra flavor' and I got TWO lime wedges in each RT44.  Other places we got about 5 wedges for a normal one. We also waited about 15 minutes in the heat. I'm not pleased.
5	Mmmhmm. Sonics after the club, haha ain't that something. Sonic is nationwide. If you never had it, you're missing out.
1	No more Frito Burritos and they charge 40 cents for a cup of water. Literally, any of the other fast food joint around are a better use of time and money.
4	yummmmm road tripping food! (and if there was a sonic near where I lived, I bet I would love it for all the time too!)
4	I couldn't wait to get to Vegas and try Sonic since I see constant commercials for the place but there aren't any in Los Angeles to go to... So 4am after leaving the palms and not sleeping for 27 hours we decided to navi Sonic (this is a sober review, I know, hard to believe at 4am in Vegas) Footlong Chili dog with unions and mustard on the side (we split it in half) fries, Chicago dog, ched r' poppers w/ ranch, fries, and tots, watermelon and cherry slushes, unsweet iced tea (food split 4 ways)I'd come here many times over for a middle of the night chili dog and tots and the next time I come I'll try the chili cheese tots, these would be my tried and true and I wouldn't stray to far from them.... The fries weren't good to me I like my fries crispy on the outside and soft in the center these fell short, the poppers were okay just wouldn't waste my calories on them again, I don't drink soda and I'm a iced tea pro and sonic did me proud fresh brewed added my own sweetener and was on my way. The only thing that disappointed me was the slushes I had such high expectations and they fell short. They were just super sweet no depth nothing to write home about I've had better flavors at 7 eleven. Service was quick and friendly, very attentive for fast food... i'm not really a burger fast food fan other than In n Out but i'd come here whenever i was in vegas looking for 24hour grubA
4	Sonic is the go to spot for when I want something different yet still fast food. What I like is that Sonic is consistently good in food quality and service. There has only been one instance where there was an order mix up and the Supervisor replaced our entire order free of charge.My boyfriend and I live close to a Sonic so we stop by as often as we can for dinner on nights that I don't cook him a gourmet meal at home. I really enjoy their chicken bites and they have the best onion rings made with the sweet vidalia onions that is a must in my book, mmmm yum! I am also crazy about their tater tots, yes I know frozen and simple however for me it is just hard to cook tater tots at home that come out just right like theirs always do! We also enjoy their cheddar peppers with ranch dipping sauce awww yeah!The only thing that I am disappointed by is that they changed the bun on their chicken sandwiches from a wheat bun to more of a ciabatta bread bun which is just not as good as the wheat hamburger bun they had before. Change does not always mean for the better unfortunately and I really miss the perfect combination of the grilled chicken sandwich with sweet wheat bun! UghAnyhow, we are Sonic fans because the menu never gets boring as they have such a huge variety of on the go yummy items along with great slushes and shake flavors.I recently had the watermelon slush and it was delicious, I love all things watermelon and they hit it right with this one!My boyfriend and I will be back many times more to get our Sonic fix!
4	Nothing beats Sonic after a night of clubbing and drinking at the Palms or any place nearby. Just be warned; I found their tater tots to be saltier than other Sonics I've been to.
3	I always wonder whyyyyy they show some commercials in LA County. Ruby Tuesday. Dunkin' Donuts. Cici's Pizza. Sonic. Us Angelinos, sometimes we don't know any better. We see this shit on TV and the actors are believable and the food looks yummy and everything is all rainbows and flowers. Truth is, we're like idiots in a library: Clueless. It gets worse once we travel out of state and come across these 'As Seen on TV' establishments..."SONICCCCC! Ohhhhhhh, make a U-turn and let's go!"That's how the conversation went awry as my friends and I cruised through Vegas one hot summer night. We pulled up, parked, and looked over the menu. It was like the Land of Oz - everything looked amazing! And not because it was amazing, but because we just don't have Sonic in LA. The little carhop girls were skating around. Between the enticing menu and the roller skates we were all like ADD kids not knowing what to order or where to focus our eyes. So far, Sonic was cool!Cool didn't last long once the food arrived. 1 word: salty! I swore I thought I was going to develop hypertension after eating here. The hot-dog was ok, nothing special. But the tater tots that we were oh so excited to get, were just littered with salt. We all thought there were just way too salty to enjoy. The cherry slushy drink was nice 'n sweet (which meant I might become diabetic also!), and overall the meal made for a decent late-night snack. Sadly, Sonic will not be on my list of places to stop in when I see them outside of LA.(Ruby Tuesday and Cici, please don't let me down when I come to your town.)
4	We decided to come here after a night of gambling.  We're from Hawaii so all we know of this place is what's in the commercials.We were pleasantly surprised  with the drive in style set up.  A parking lot full of speakers and menus.  AND the best part....your order is delivered to you by a guy/gal on roller skates.  I love it!The food was good...I had the chicken sandwich with the texas toast.  YUM.  Husband had the tater tots which he lalalalaloved.I would definitely go back...if anything to see the food being delivered via rollerskates LOL.
2	I am a HUGE Sonic lover. Saddly, this is the closest to my house and MY LEAST FAVORITE SONIC!!! The service is very slow and 4/5 times the grilled cheese I order is under cooked and soggy. If I have the craving for some Sonic I try to avoid this one unless it's their happy hour and I am going strictly for a Limeaide.One bonus to this location is they do recognize me and my coworkers... so if the drive thru is packed we park in a stall and every now and then we get food brought to us first. They have TOTALLY forgotten about us as well.... so I guess it's pretty hit and miss here.
5	It's a Five STAR all the way and that is just for the Cherry Limeade!!!!Although...I could deduct a star for drive thru wait times and the clientele that frequent this establishment but hey....PERFECTION takes time and patience. I'm sure you could go on and on about sonics excellent burgers and sandwiches. Also...how they serve tater tots instead of fries as an option or have HOTDOGS on the menu but for me....I don't eat any of it...just the Cherry limeade and I'm a happy man!
4	Sonic or Sonic wish there was one closer to me in the Bay Area! hahaAlways stop by here at least once when we come to visit for late nite snacks/drinks..Love the drive-in and park without getting out of my car and the workers who roll out in their skates!!Long live Sonic.. lol
3	Is a fast food place, cant really say much about itarea was close to the strip and we just got off the plane and wanted something fast because we wanted to hit the casinosso we drove to this sonic location3 riced out miatas parked with locals having a cigs. bunch of characters so i kept an eye on them while we ategf ordered a regular cheese burger with tater totsi had to finish the tots cuz she hates everything potato. not bad for tater totsi ordered the new asiago fried chicken sandwich. didnt like the sauce that it came with because it just didnt go right with the sandwichfriend ordered a side of jalepeno poppers. the cheese was still running so that was a good sign but i wish they wouldve done something to the jalepeno because everytime i bit into one, i had to "fight" to bite the pepper in halfanother friend ordered his favorite lemonade. i dont know what it is but he likes iti also ordered the oreo shake. YUM!cant complain, is fast food. havent had a sonic of a while so it was an A OK late night quick dinnercool thing was ordering from outside through the speaker and sitting outside because it was a cool night
3	Great Sonic Blast. I dont get the food because they always screw it up, but their drinks are awesome.
4	Mmmmmm yummy as I write this review I am thinking of the tasty, creamy, cold, banana shake just swirling around in my mouth!My hubby made a quick stop to Sonic one day after work and picked us up milkshakes as we had a sweet tooth. We usually get a hot fudge chocolate shake or malt however this time I was in the mood to try banana.Wow this was a banana shake to remember and experience again as it had sliced chunks of fresh banana in it! Unable to drink my shake with a straw, every spoonful was a slice of yummy real banana! Now that is a shake that I really enjoyed and is nice to have fresh fruit chunks in a shake rather than just a flavoring.Sonic you never let us down, keep up the great quality fast food on the go and we will keep coming over and over!
2	This was actually the place where I first got introduce to sonic a few years back. It has been numerous time my to go place for breakfast before heading back to Vegas but after yesterday experience it will be my last for a long time. My girls and I wanted to grab something real quick before heading back home. We woke up early, jump in the car, and headed to sonic. We arrived and wanted to order. I think it took four time pushing the order button before anyone took our order. Seriously..is there only one person working on a Sunday morning. We got there around 10:15. We didn't get our order till 10:45. Really 30 min wait for a place that was suppose to be consider fast food. Okay so we finally got our food and they totally got our order wrong. So we had to wait another 15 min for them to correct our food. There was only one roller girl working which i really wanted to put on some skates and help her out just so i can get my food and get the freak out of there. All in all it took us 45 minutes to get our food. I could have ate at any restaurant and get out at that time. Dude I could have went to earls sandwich across the street. Note: if it take them that long to take ur order most likely it will take even longer to get your order
5	Prices are cheap....food is good. Happy hour 2-5pm drinks like sodas, lemonades, slushies are HALF OFF!!! But best of all....CHILI CHEESE TOTS WITH ONIONS!!!!! Oh. My. Goodness. I'm salivating as I type this. Now those things are my weakness. That, alone, is worth my five stars.
4	Want service with a smile? This is the place. I have been to this location on a number of locations and every person who works here is extremely friendly and kind. It's amazing. Food is typical for Sonic.
3	Plain and simple, a must-stop when I visit Vegas. It's right up the street from the Rio Hotel, open 24 hours and THEY HAVE TATER TOTS!! What else could you be craving at 3am??
5	I wish I had Rollerblades now.  After I came here, I favorited a pair on www.Amazon.com.The people who helped me were really nice, I think.I love their real fruit icys.  I got a Lemonberry large but threw it out, since it was SO large.Burger quality was amazing.  I ate that up so fast.  I hate tots, so I got fries and they were crunchy as hell.Can't wait to come back!
2	Only thing good about Sonic is their drinks.Any and everytime I've ever tried any of their food items, it has absolutely failed - here, Cali, anywhere. Don't do it - unless you're super thirsty!
3	So we finally have a Sonic in San Diego albeit in Santee. I have never eaten at Sonic before and whilst in Vegas as luck would have it, the Sonic sign was staring me down from across the hotel I was staying at.In my opinion to experience the "hype", do not visit this establishment on foot. I crossed the street from the hotel and ordered food to go (another no-no). I got burger, fries, and drink. That is all what I remember. Maybe I should have tried the delectable selections of milk shake. So back to the burger and fries, it was alright. The question now is would it have tasted better if I was in the car? I believe experiencing the old fashioned service? Maybe, I would try it again this time ordering from the car. I am going to visit again and perhaps update my review but for now this place get a "three". Until next time Sonic.
3	this sonic drive in was only a 3 star.  well it was just a regular day, at sonic. but i started noticing that everytime we go there., the service gets worst and worst . now it is so slow. i am just saying the service is horrible but the food delicious! this is a wonderful fast food chain and i love i, and the half price cheese burger is the best! if you have the time then of course, you can wait for a half and hour. good luck on your next trip to this sonic
2	The drinks and shakes are good when they can actually get my order right, besides that all the food sucks. Get their act together and they could get another star.
1	I am sad to say I will probably not be coming to Sonic's again if possible. On the plus side, it is open 24hrs which is very convenient. Located on Flamingo near the strip and by 3 casinos. Palms, Gold Coast & Rio. Service has always been nice & courteous.The first time I tried their SuperSonic breakfast burrito at this location about 10yrs ago. I fell IN LOVE with it. It has everything except the kitchen sink. Sausage, bacon, eggs, cheese, onions, tomatoes, jalapenos & tater tots. It's pretty hefty too. I've honestly lost count how many times I've had it at this location. I've even gotten others to try it and some really like it too. I can't speak for other locations since this is the Sonic I've patronized 95% of my visits. I've had a couple other items too but the SS breakfast burrito is by far my fave.Last week near the strip I needed to grab some late night grub. I felt a hankering for an awesome SS breakfast burrito. Initially I thought I got the wrong order since the burritos were considerably smaller than what I've known SSBB to be. Though it turns out that wasn't the case. I had ordered 2 of them. Inside one I found 2 or 3 tater tots, 2 jalapeno slices, a couple diced onions & tomatoes. If not for that I would've thought I got the wrong burritos. There was alot less of all the other ingredients in both of them. Both were roughly 1/2 to 2/3 the size I've known them to be all these years.I decided to call back and ask the night manager on duty if perhaps my order wasn't done correctly. He explained that the burritos I got were how they were supposed to be made. They had to control rising food costs and were being overstuffed by the kids that work there for a long time. I had just had one there the week before and mentioned that fact. He said they just started correcting things.Sure, the price has slowly gone up over the years. Which was ok, I was still willing to keep eating them. But I will not be paying $3.19 for an item that's suddenly almost half the size it used to be up til 2 weeks ago.
5	Really can't go wrong with sonic for a treats and slushies. I really don't care for the food here beside the tots or fries if you tell them you want it freshly made. half price shakes after 8 pm.
1	Yesterday was the 2nd time I've been @ this location & sadly it will be our last. My husband ordered the chili cheese coney with tots & rt 44 strawberry real fruit slush & I ordered nothing since I'm not a sonic fan. Thank goodness, because fast forward to 9 hours later at weeee early in the morning (2,3,4 am)....BAM..FOOD POISONING!!!  All the symptoms & more. My husband is the type of person once something traumatized him that is it. So I think sonic just lost a customer for good!!! Customer service & food taste aside, the after results just left a bad impression overall!!!!
1	This was a horrible experience in the drive thru. Cars parked in line with their engines off. 4 Staff members playing inside store. The only person that was actually working was the guy on skates. 30min stuck in line, burnt food, cold food & horrible service.
2	Well got to say sonics food is good but what got me upset was that I get text from sonic on discounts on food. I got a text saying that on half off shakes after 8pm for this whole summer.  Well when I got thetr around 1am they told me that its only good till 12am I got upset. And the drive thru was really long they should of get the drive thru a little faster or hire more people.
3	I love Sonic, and I come from someplace where Sonic is not readily available (but is advertised, go figure). So being around opportunities for Sonic is pretty awesome, and I finally got my first fix this past weekend. At 4 AM after my girlfriend and I left XS, we decided to hit up this 24 hour Sonic. The service was good, even though the drive-through line was long, but they made it through things pretty quickly. I got a burger meal with cheesy tater tots, and my girlfriend got a corndog also with some tater tots. All of it was... pretty good. Not great, not bad. The burger was good but I found it lacked a ton of flavor. After eating upper scale fast food burgers like Five Guys, Whattaburger, and In-N-Out, I just kind of felt like the burger here was 'meh'I would certainly go again, and I probably will, but the proximity of things like In-N-Out make it difficult to go anywhere else for fast food.
5	I guess the reason why this food would even "hit the spot" is 1-because you are on a budget or 2-you just got drunk and the Palms! :) I understand both! After gambling away money that we probably shouldn't have, we were buzzed and looking for somewhere to go after the Palms. Look no further! Just across the street we saw Sonics! Careful not to be like us and almost cut through the divider! You have to make a U-turn! Oopz! Anyways, the greasy corn dog and tater tots hit the spot! No frills, no human interaction, just order your food ok the screen and wait for the guy in roller blades to deliver! :)
3	Had their breakfast burritos twice - gotta say that they are pretty good especially with their hot sauce - I got the sausage burrito combo - orange juice and their amazingly crispy tater tots!Came here another time when they had half off of their drinks - was pretty disappointed that their slushy machine was broken - so my brother ordered me their Route 66 Cherry Limeade - which wasn't as delicious as their Strawberry Limeade - which had real chunks of strawberries.
1	Food was okay.. About 6 of us ordered and the bill came out $70.. First off the girl on roller blades who delivers out food comes up and says nothing is marked so we all have to dog thru each others food to see who's is who's.. When your spending that kind of money you would hope your food is atleast marked.. Then we ordered there icy drinks.. They were way to sweet and not icy enough.. I ordered the chicken sandwhich with tator tots! The sandwhich was okay.. And the tator tots were probably the best tator tots I've ever had.. But then we asked for a refill on our Ice teas before we left and it took 20 minutes after we were done eating to get our refill that never came.. We ended up leaving without one.. It wasn't the girls fault on roller blades they just didn't have enough staff and she obviously wasn't trained.. I personally would never go to another sonic ever again and I'm pretty sure the rest of the people I went with wouldn't go back either.. Some of the people who ordered the burgers and cheese burgers said they were okay but nobody wanted to finish there food of of the other 5 guys that were there.. And they were a lot more upset about the while outcome than I was.
3	Now I understand why in the commercials the two guys are always in their cars... (We don't have Sonics in Hawaii). Anyways, my family and I had already eaten lunch so we were full, but my sister really wanted a limeade. So we set off to Sonic and I got my very first limeade (strawberry). My sister and Dad got Cherry limeades. It was delicious and a perfect way to wash down lunch. I loved that there were chunks of strawberries in there as well!Maybe next time I'll actually order food food...
4	This Location Has Good Quality Food For Fastfood. If you Go at night and order from the car hop be prepared for mix ups and confusion. Also their Pay at Station systems tend to break a lot through out the day and nights. Want an Extra Treat? Motorcyclist Meet Up Before a ride Every Thursday Night 8:30-10:00pm.
1	This place sucks!! 11:58pm I guess staff is joking and fulling around and not even paying attention to there work because they made us wait 40min for the order and when they finally answer the guy said wait!.....fuck that! Drive through might might might be descent but definitely not recommend coming to this location.........
2	Terrible service. They were rude over the intercom, didn't listen and hung up on us before we were finished. Never had such a hard time at a drive through. The food was ok, but just average. Most likely not returning.
4	Why do they always have Sonic commercials, but there are no Sonic Drive-In's near Los Angeles proper?  Boo!When I go to Vegas, I get very excited for a few things:BuffetsPartyingTanningSonicThis is not the best food ever, but I have enjoyed just about everything I've tried from Sonic.  In terms of fast food, they really hit it on the mark.If you've never been before, I highly recommend getting:Tater TotsPopcorn ChickenBreakfast Burrito (with salsa)French Toast SticksSlushies!!  (My faves are Super Peach Ring and Lemonberry Fruit Slush)I can order from the comforts of my air conditioned car.  Then a cute high school kid will come rollerskating to the car with all the deliciously fried foods and sugary goodness filled drinks.This is obviously not somewhere for you to go every day.  But, for a late night after club drunchie fest?  Sonic Drive-In is perfecto.
1	Bad, bad,bad....is all I can say. Was one of my favorite spots until tonight. Nothing like the picture!!
4	This Sonic Drive In is just outside the strip but despite averaging only three stars on Yelp, I think it is one of the better Sonic Drive-Ins simply because their employees are incredible in terms of service, courtesy, and promptness. I couldn't believe how they bend over backwards to zoom out on roller skates and get you your order quickly or provide you with refills, etc. I mean, granted the food isn't all that great, but their service was way better than what I experienced at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon! Tip: 1/2 price shakes after 8pm
2	I was ordering my food, but we had to constantly reorder and fix the errors.  And they still didn't give us sauce after sending her back three times.  My milkshake was missing brownies.  It was just salty caramel.  I don't know whether they forgot to add them or anything but it was not enjoyable.
4	Service from window cashier was awesome just wait too long for food, about 30-40mins so it's not really "fast food" otherwise great!!!
5	My favorites are the onion rings and lemon berry slush.  This has been my go-to for over 16 years.The servers deliver the food on skates-love it.
3	craved one of their New York hot dogs and tater tots for a quick 'driving back home' snack.u'd think we'd be in and out (no pun intended) due to the pull-up-and-order style they're known for. unfortunately, our attendant must not have been very competent because she got our order wrong twice, when the food came out it was missing a few things, and even a simple request for ketchup took forever (we actually had to press the Call button again to politely remind them they forgot about us).i'm sure Keyshawn and the crew at ESPN will agree that that server deserves a big fat "CMON MAN!"-civilities.
2	My family and I travel out to LV at least once a year and one of our "traditions" has been to pick up food from this location at least once during our trip...this was our favorite location out of all the locations we have tried in Nevada and CA up until yesterday.  We were unsure if it was just an off day or if they have just gone completely downhill.  Our small order for 3 people took forever, even though we did not order any special requests.  On top of that, the lady who took our drive thru order had no idea about the menu...she did not even know that there was a foot long hot dog and tater tots special for $3.99 and ended up overcharging us.  Good thing I looked at the receipt.  The bf cautioned me to use cash since my debit card has been over charged in the past.  So either this location recently had a turnover in staff or it has just sunk downhill.  The food was just meh aside from taking longer than usual to prepare (3 cheeseburgers, coney, tater tots...no shakes or smoothies, but many factors could have gone into that.  This was very unfortunate, but we are no locals, so our absence will not hurt the establishment much.
