4	It's not bad Asian food. I'll tell you this...you'll probably enjoy your lunch more over here with your buddy than across the way at Pei-Wei. It's not as crowded, therefore the noise level is conducive to gossiping or business talks. The Bourbon chicken is pretty good, and I personally like the Malaysian chicken, made with a dry curry sauce...oh boy, was it spicy...but the good kind. Yun (the manager or the owner? not sure) is just too friendly and funny. If you don't see something in the menu, or you want to combine a number of things from the menu...just ask Yun if he can accomodate. And he most likely can hook you up with what you are craving for.
4	I revisited this place and my opinion improved a lot, so I took back my old review. The food arrived quickly and whatnot. It's a little pricy, but good. Try the hong kong pepper chicken. yum
4	When my friend found out I was visiting Arizona, she wanted me to visit her brother's restaurant:  Tott's Asian Diner.Unfortunately, when I came, I wasn't able to see Yun on the day that I dined there, but I still enjoyed my visit.  They had an assortment of noodle dishes you can order from all over:  Japanese, Singapore, Korean, Hong Kong, Cantonese, Mandarin, Thai, Bangkok, and Malaysian styles to name a few.  Lots of reasonably priced appetizers and curry dishes.We ordered during dinner with appetizers so it was over $10 a person, but their lunch specials are generally around $6-8/person.  We had Pork Roll (YUMMY!! I recommend this!!), Tom Yum Soup (tasty, but we won't order it again), Lemon Chicken (Yummy for the many tender cubed pieces of white meat chicken.), and the Traditional Singapore Rice Noodle (HUGE bowl of dry curry noodle.  It was good :) ).One more thing, if you're looking to try this place out, it's next door to Starbucks.
5	Tott's is one of my favorite lunchtime destinations and offers a medley of Asian flavors. The dishes are large so they're perfect to split if you come with a group and I recommend that you do just that. The service is fast. The food is delicious and the owner is extremely sweet. We've been coming there for years so on occasion, he'll bring us an extra dish to sample like the amazing Walnut Shrimp.Some of my favorites are the Kung Pao and Orange Chicken. I also recently had the Bourbon Chicken, which is out of sight. If you haven't been here, check it out. Support this mom-and-pop establishment opposed to a chain like Pei Wei.
4	I used to frequent this spot quite a bit. It's not bad, the orange chicken is probably the best thing on the menu. for some reason, it tastes terrible when heated though. I'm not too sure why. Other than that the dude who owns the place is a good dude and he will hook you with big portions.
5	Tott's reminds me of my favorite Chinese eatery in Chicago: Friendship Restaurant.Everything tastes fresh, and the boxed presentation of to-go foods is top notch.My favorite menu item, for only $6.25, is the sampler plate. Three spring rolls, four pot stickers and four cheese puffs with dipping sauces come in a box on a bed of lettuce. Everything is perfectly cooked, with a touch of firmness on the pot stickers, cheese puffs with crunchy tips and soft bodies and spring rolls that taste like spring.No MSG. Pure vegetable oil. Trimmed meats to reduce fat, and an open kitchen so you can watch the cooks.Easily my favorite fast Chinese in Arizona.
5	If you're thinking...mmmm I'm craving Pei Wei, go here instead.  It's in the same plaza (this place was there first), you get larger portions, same price, but the food is just WAY better.  The owner is usually present, and is a great guy.  My favorite is the dandan noodles (blows Chang's version out of the water).  The sesame chicken is good, the appetizer sampler plate is more than enough food as well.  Honestly, I stopped going to Pei Wei after I found this place.
5	Tott's gets five stars from me -- not as in 3 Michelin stars -- but as in "this place is perfect for what it's supposed to be."  And what is it supposed to be?  Asian fast food, dine-in / take-out.And why is it perfect at being that?  For starters:- excellent recipes, delicious menu, lots of variety- top-notch ingredients (no fatty meats & bright, crisp veggies)- very generous portions (the dinner portions = 1.5 to 2 meals)- clean (including the restrooms)- friendly staff (managed by Yan (Yun?), the owner's brother-in-law)- the Bourbon Chicken, Twins Pork, and Dan Dan Noodles (yes, they deserver their very own bullet point)The first time my fiancee and I ate at Tott's, it lasted for 3 days.  We went on a Sunday and ordered the Bourbon Chicken and Dan Dan Noodles with Beef.  They were so delicious, but the portions were so huge we got to eat the left-overs for lunch the next day.Of course, when dinner rolled around, we were dying to try more of the Tott's menu...so we did.  The next day?  Repeat.  Pretty much nothing but Tott's right on thru Tuesday.Yan, the manager, is a very friendly person, who obviously cares about the restaurant.  He takes the product and the service very seriously.  I'm sure he's a big reason why this restaurant is so spot-on.I can't believe this place has been around for four years (as of this writing), and I've only just now discovered it.  If you haven't discovered it yet, do yourself a favor and order yourself some Bourbon Chicken asap.Check out the web site (http://tottsasiandiner.com/section.html) to see the menu and pricing.Did I mention the Bourbon Chicken?
3	As I sat waiting for my food at Tott's, I began taking stock of my fellow customers.  New rule:  unless you are a chemotherapy patient or you live in Alaska, wool ski caps are not cool.  They only serve to make you look like Fred Durst.  And trust me, no matter what dorky haircut you have under that cap, it is infinitely sexier than looking like that guy.  Luckily, my food arrived before I yanked the beanie off Marky-Mark's head.Maybe all the thai food has just destroyed my taste buds so thoroughly that all inferior asian cuisines are rendered tasteless.  Or maybe Tott's just isn't all that good.  I had the orange chicken with brown rice.  A more accurate description might read, "I had the carmelized sugar chicken."  It was so sweet that my stomach began to ache as I finished my 6th bite.  I had to leave my food unfinished.  Not because I was full but for fear of diabetes.On the plus side, it's clean, fast, and the staff seem quite friendly.
3	I tried this for the second time today, and all I can say is that I'm disappointed. I really want to like this place because it's close to home, the service is friendly and fast, and it looks clean and well run. But the amount of sugar used is just bizarre. Today I got Twins Pork and there is more syrupy sweet sugar than pork (and they were generous with the pork). Before that, I got the Spicy Szechuan chicken, it wasn't quite this sweet but close. Funny thing is, I purposely ordered the pork dish because I figured there was no way they could make it that sweet. My bf got the Hong Kong rice noodles -- those were not sweet and they were really good.Maybe you just have to experiment and find the right dishes here, but it still seems like an strange variation to be so heavy handed with the sugar. The other ingredients seem better quality than lots of Asian fast-food places.
4	The food was very tasty and reasonably priced.  I had Bangkok chicken curry and my girlfriend had Dan Dan Noodles.  he he he  (Dan Dan is slang in Mandarin for something.)Anyways the food was good but the one problem was the high oil content.  I had to visit the toilet 5min after leaving the restaurant.   My girlfriend who is a total FOB had to go also, so don't say that I'm not used to Asian food.
3	Convenient place to get a quick bite. It's open until 9:30 pm on weekdays.  I had the shrimp with orange sauce. The batter was a perfect crispiness the only problem was that the sauce was super sweet and was more like a syrupy glaze of orange flavored sweetness. I love that they have the option of brown rice. The food came out quickly and everyone who worked there seemed very pleasant. I'd go here for a quick convenient inexpensive bite to eat but not necessarily when I'm looking for a great meal.
4	This is a nice asian take-out style restaurant (you can order and sit down too). The portions are pretty big, and they have a good selection. WAAAAAAY better than Pei Wei which is in the same shopping center. The only downside is their breading is a little heavy, but other than that I have enjoyed everything I have tried there.
3	If you go to Tott's enough times the GM will eventually know you by name. He's always there and lives on a cot located in the back room.If you bring a date he'll know her by her name too and he'll have no qualms flirting with her. Still, shouldn't every Mom n' Pop restaurant in your neighborhood be like that? Tott's has more ambiance than your average Mom n' Pop place. I kind of see it as a small corporate place that just isn't named Pei Wei. After all, the restaurant is connected to Starbucks. Remember, this isn't a Chinese restaurant. It tries to cover the Asian gamut by offering some choices of Thai and Japanese food. You won't find sushi here, but you can get a big bowl of udon and there are a variety of thai curry sauces to choose from. I usually get take out from here but it's got an elegant little dining area and the outside patios with its metal tables really are quite nice when the weather allows. The dark wood tables and non-traditional flooring makes you feel like you're eating in a place fancier than you really are. Tott's has raised its prices more than once over the last few years though. Pei Wei moving into the same parking lot didn't help matters. Also, the workers who you see on the same regular basis are not nearly as friendly as the GM is. It's not that they're nasty, but you don't have to ask me my name on a take out order if I just paid with a credit card (with my name on it) or if I've been there (and seen you) multiple times that month. People I've taken there like his personal, friendly approach and enjoy the food. Tott's serves some non-traditional dishes though and it's not for everyone. Twins Pork has jalepenos and bacon. The Lo Mein has somewhat of a smoky flavor to it that I think blows YC's out of the water. Also, some of these dishes are spicier than people are used to at a Chinese restaurant. Other dishes are very thick and syrupy over meat (stir fried crispy beef). There are a number of items I really enjoy on the menu. I notice that portions differ though. My black plastic box on take out never seems to be all the way stuffed and lunch specials are made to be bigger than they are by giving you half a plate of rice. When prices go up and I feel I'm getting lesser portions I have an issue. I've also never heard of paying extra for friend rice with a lunch special until I started eating here. The brown rice, which is free, is good though. I don't eat here as often as I used to. It's tough to pay nearly $9 without a drink and not be completely filled up on a take out order. I find that some of the thai dishes tend to be very saucy and are more of a value. I give it 3.5 stars. A few years back I would have said 4.5, but it's just become less of a bang for your buck and in these recessionary times, that matters.
4	Delicious Asian food ranging from 4 different kinds of curry, a variety of stir frys, and local favorites like pad thai and orange chicken (which has been voted best orange chicken in the valley multiple times). Definitely better then Pei Wei and always excellent customer service. They really will make it EXACTLY how you want it.I'd suggest the Hot Korean, Stir-Fry Crispy Beef, the Wonton Soup, or the Cantonese Chow Mein. Tell Young Rachael sent you. :)
4	Tott's is not a place you would go out of your way to frequent if you didn't like or work in the area. If you do, however, live or work in the area, I would highly recommend checking it for a fast and decent Asian lunch or dinner. And, yes, I use the word Asian, not Chinese - even though the dishes on the menu are primarily Chinese (although even that word is used loosely), the owners' inclusion of select Thai and Japanese dishes makes the cuisine more Asian than Chinese. Sort of like the food at Pei Wei, which just happens to be in the same center, but cheaper, more flavorful, and served with a little more heart. I was in the area picking up some medicine at our vet, so I thought I'd stop in and try one of Tott's lunch specials. Parking was a little tight in that particular part of the center, but I lucked out and found a decent spot that someone was pulling out of. When I went inside, I was impressed by the clean and simple decor - the red/black loft-like ceiling and tile backsplash behind the register were especially nice touches. I was also impressed by how amicable and helpful the GM was. When I placed my order (the $5.99 lunch special of Spicy Szechuan with tofu and brown rice) and asked how spicy it would be on a scale of 1 to 5 (since the signature chili symbol on a Chinese menu doesn't usually mean much), he took the time to explain that it was prepared medium-spicy and that if I really wanted to experience the full savoriness of the dish, I would probably enjoy having it spicy. He even added in a comment about how he approved of my choice since "spicy is good for the body"! Even though he was super-busy during the "lunch rush," I definitely appreciated his willingness to assist me in making my food the way I like it. I sat down and put my number card on the edge of the table, but I didn't have to wait long for my food. The GM came over with it just 3 or 4 minutes later. The portions of the tofu/veggies and rice were quite substantial, and I could see that the veggies were fresh by how crisp and colorful they were. I was also impressed by the flavor of the dish; while the sauce was definitely your run-of-the-mill Americanized brown gravy, the spiciness was definitely there and the tofu and veggies were cooked really well. When I was done eating, I felt satisfied but not too heavy. Tott's is a clean, friendly, and flavorful alternative to other fast-food Chinese joints or to Chinese restaurants offering lunch specials. I will definitely be back if I'm in the area again.
5	This food was great. I don't see what anybody has to fuss about. It was so fresh, the portions so generous.... I'm going back.The prices were a little steep, and with this past time being my first, left me a little uncomfortable seeing that I only had a slight idea what I was getting into. All in all it's worth going to. The guy inside was really nice and chased me down in my car to give me a 10% off coupon, so his heart is in a good place looking out for me and my stomach.
4	1st visit was okay.2nd time I tried the "Spicy Hunan with Tofu", and it was probably the best  chinese with the perfect spice ratio.Yummy!
4	Tott's is this amazing little neighborhood Asian restaurant that has quickly become a favorite of mine!The simple yet effective decor is vibrant without being tacky.  The service is very friendly and helpful.  They are always smiling and it actually seems sincere!This is one of those places where you order your food from a cashier and they give you a number and you choose your seat from one of the 16 or so tables.  There is a nice little patio as well.  There are a couple of tasks you must do before they bring out your order. 1. Fill your cup with your beverege of choice (Soft drinks and Tea only- no alcohol, hence only 4 stars).  Do get a beverege as the food can be very hot if you like that way-AND I DO!  And because I am a fool thinking it will never be hot enough, I grab a jar of the hot mustard and one of the Hot Chili paste to bring to my table.  You can, of course, choose chopsticks or a fork.  I usually start with the good intentions and select the chopsticks.  I pretend I know exactly what I am doing.  But these never work as I cannot get enough food into my mouth quick enough so I end up with at least 1 fork.I am impressed how quickly they bring your order to your table.  I barely have time to do all of the above and get back to my table and they are bringing out a gorgeous plate of steaming Hot Korean with black bean sauce and tofu, or the yellow curry "panang" also with tofu.  You can aslo get chicken, beef or fish.  The meats are hand trimmed and do not have that grisle part that is such a turn off at other places.  The vegetable are as bright and fresh as the smiles on the employees' faces.I must also confess my longing for PF Chang's or Pei wei has certainly  diminished after discovering Tott's.Tott's even has excellent Won Ton soup. Now if they could only get a beer and wine license.
4	So much better than Pei Wei right next door. I am a big fan of this place for lunch.
4	I used to joke about this place because of past experiences with restaurants that do many different asian dishes at once. Usually they're  so terrible with food that it'll knock you on your back faster than a kick to the face.Tott's proved me wrong. So wrong that I came back the day after I ate there. Everything i've had has been really good, but I have an addiction to their orange shrimp. The perfect level of spice, the crunchy golden shrimp, and that godly sauce...sorry. I need to clean up my keyboard now. The walnut shrimp was really good, the bourbon chicken was nice, the stir fry is good, and the lo mein was excellent.Wait. All this praise and it's only getting 4 out of 5? Okay, their fried rice isn't all that great (tastes pretty flat) and the won ton soup has some pretty weak won tons. The portions are huge though and it compensates for the flat rice. If their fried rice was as good as any other chinese place, i'll happily edit this and give them five stars. The owner is really nice though and is always thankful for your business...so my final score is a 4 1/2 out of 5.
4	Tot's is awesome! I actually like it more than Pei Wei (which I like a lot). I just don't go as often since I don't live in Tempe anymore. But anyways, everything I have had here has been awesome. The sesame chicken, the orange chicken are amazing. I seriously don't think they have a bad item on the menu. Young is the guy that runs the place and is super nice. It is always super packed at night time. This is one of the best kept secrets in Tempe as far as I'm concerned. I hope they open up another store someday.
4	Tott's is a must try if you like Asian food. This place has been here for about 5-years, and now has to compete with the Pei Wei that opened next door - and it if is any proof of how good the food is - they are still open.Nice little spot with modern decor and good lighting. The portions are huge and tasty. The service brisk and friendly. Good value for your buck too.
4	Tott's is great pan-Asian food for a very reasonable price.  One day at work one of my co-workers asked if I wanted to go out to lunch.  I agreed and we set out.  We each got 1 veto.  Hers was Panda Express, mine was Kyoto Bowl.  We kept driving and she remembered Tott's, and I've never bothered going to Panda again.Great food and great service.  The owner is a small Asian man who smiles a lot and always wants to know if he can get us anything else.  I see him every time I go.Everyone I go with loves their orange chicken.  It is very tasty, but a little on the sweet side for me.  I like a spicy dish, so I go with the Malaysian Curry.  Chicken, red curry, fresh veggies, fried rice.  Amazing.
4	think pei-wei but more of it!  i'm reluctant to pay for "fusion" but i was pleasantly surprised at the bang for the buck plus it tasted pretty good.  i don't venture too far off the menu but i can recommend:1) the pad thai (sp?)2) bourbon chickenand i don't recommend the walnut shrimp (unless you like eating a whole jar of  mayonaise dumped onto shrimp)  perhaps it would be wise to ask them to leave the mayo on the side and you can add as much or as little as your gut can handle.the service is friendly and the place is as clean as the starbucks next door.what's cool is that they offer brown rice and i don't recall them charging extra for requesting it (take note other nickel-and-dime you to death restaurants)!although i have to make a note of a time when we were there a half hour before closing.  the kitchen crew was soaping up the exhaust hoods and everything else while customers were still coming in to eat.luckily (?) we already had our food at our table but who knows, mebbe we were eating tilex chicken too!i guess that's the cons of having an open kitchen...the customers get to see the good, the bad and the ugly.
4	My roommate and I found this place through Yelp while on a search for some new tofu takeout.We were both really impressed.The portions are huge, lots of veggies, and the flavors are authentically delicious.The "Just Broccoli" has become my latest craving.Also, on a side note, I love that there are actually Asians who work there.If I want Asian food, there damn well better be Asians working or eating there.I'm just saying...
5	Talk Of The Town - Asian DinerThey have my favorite Orange Chicken and I think that their service is always awesome.  So I'll give them the extra star because it seems great service these days is harder to find than great food - not to mention at a great little neighborhood location.The owner always says hello and will make custom orders if asked.  It is one of my favorite lunch spots as the food is always made fresh, fast and friendly - which are my 3 keys for a great lunch.  I have also had great experiences when I have called ahead to pick up food.  I like to get the dinner size for lunch turn it into two meals.
5	Pei Wei, has still more to learn, Totts Dan Dan noodles Rock! better quality and flavor.  If your lucky to live or Work in Tempe, AZ you gotta give this place a try, you'll get hooked, and save $$$ too.
5	Another bow down to the gods of Yelpdom! In search of GOOD local Chinese, I find the recos for Totts. Hallefreakinlujah! I called in my takeout order an hour ahead; the woman taking my order repeated it to me twice over the phone [always a good sign]...I show up at the appointed hour and BAM, there's my order[repeated back again, thank you], screaming hot. This was a first visit and as reported by other yelpers, the manager greeted me with a smile and affable chit chat about my 4 different chicken dishes! He made me feel like I was the only one there and he was happy to be of service. What, I ask you, could be bad about THAT?? We tried the Bangkok curry, orange chicken, bourbon chicken, sweet and sour chicken [mainstay for the kids] and the potsticker appy. Large portions all, I gotta say I loved the curry as I am a total curry suck-up; but all of the others were really good. Of the non curry, I'd say the Bourbon was my fave. Potstickers and sauce were deevine. Could have made a meal of just them and probably will on a return trip. Immaculately clean space with tables in and out, its my new go-to place for Chinese. Top notch service, four entrees, each with an accompanying rice container, potstickers and the harbingers of my future, fortune cookes, I walk away smiling, having spent $36 before tip.
3	I am heartbroken to report that my first venture to Tott's (finally!) garnered me an incredibly bland pad Thai and burnt crab wontons! I can't believe - I won't!!I've heard such great things about Tott's, it's RIGHT by my house and the manager that took our order was SOO nice, that I refuse to give them less than 3 stars, despite my pitiful meal. My BF ordered the tofu orange chicken and fried rice and said it was fantastic, so I have faith in you yet, Tott's. (The same BF did confirm that my pad thai was curiously sans flavor - how is that possible? It had all the correct ingredients, it's quite peculiar...)So, we'll be back, Mr. Tott's...we'll be back.
5	This is my favorite Asian restaurant in Tempe!  Also, my boyfriend Mr. Picky Eater likes it too!  They GET tofu.  They have tofu so good that even my non-vegetarian friends order it instead of meat which is fairly unusual.  Every time I try something different (the broccoli dish, the Mongolian, soba noodles... ) I have a new favorite!  The manager seems really cool and attentive.  He really seems to care and that is at least as delicious as the food.
4	Tott's is one of my favorite places to eat.  I almost always get the sweet and pungent shrimp over brown rice, spicy and a side of edamame.Man!.. I am good to go after that!
4	This is the BEST 'fast food Chinese' in the valley. I eat here at least twice a month for lunch as I work near by. The food is fresh and plentiful. I love the pad Thai (but not as spicy as some like) and the Orange Chicken with brown rice. There is something for everyone here...including my very picky vegan son! And the manager/owner is so nice, he always has a smile and sometimes (if he is not busy taking orders or busing tables) he carries on conversations with his guests like they are friends. Fresh ingredients, atmosphere, friendly service!
5	I love this place.  I regularly go to Tott's for lunch with a group of friends.  The service is always great.  The manager is extremely friendly.  The food is fabulous as well, with huge portions.  I typically order from the kid's menu and that is just the right size for a reasonable lunch - and I can't beat the price.  It usually comes out to around $4 plus a tip. Most of the time the food is ready as I get to the table or only a few moments later.
4	I've been to Totts a few times now. I've dined in and carried out. I really enjoy the food here. I've tried a few different items, but my favorite dish is the Pan Fried Noodles served with beef.  The mixture of the noodles covered with beef, veggies and the oyster sauce is terrific. This item is FANTASTIC in my opinion! Each time I finish the dish, I wish I had more! The staff is super nice and always go over your order to make sure you receive the items you requested.One item that I've tried that I wasn't keen on was the Tom Yum Soup. The soup was spicy, but was about it. Nothing filling about it.The food has always came quickly when I've dined in. Both times I've picked up for carryout, the food was ready as advertised. The food is usually ready for pick up within 10 minutes of your order. The prices are very reasonable. Each main dish is generally between $6.50 and $9.00. Items with seafood will be a bit more expensive, maybe a bit over the $9 markA very good meal for under $10 (excluding drink)
4	Went to Tott's for the first time this week. Following other Yelp suggestions I ordered the Orange Chicken. Flavorful dish, but needed a bit more 'heat' (I guess I can always add that to my dish). Appetizer was the Lettuce Wraps. Nice cool lettuce with flavorful chicken filling. One appetizer and one main course fed two easily and the bill was $18.  I'll go back to check out other dishes.
5	Get a contact # on your website and you should get on restaurant.com and participate with their gift card program. Getting more exposure = more business...plus I would live there if you participated in it.
1	I have eatten take out from here 3-4 times and I have not been impressed. I really like Chinese and Thai food but this just doesn't measure up. I swear I got sick from it one time.
5	Well, on a slow Sunday after Halloween morning, the lady and I were in dire need of something tasty to soak up the tricks that all the previous night's treats had left us with. We thought that PeiWei would do the trick, some kind of noodle something or other. Turning into the parking lot too early though had us passing this place, we yelped it and seeing its solid four stars after 40 reviews, we had to try. Tott's does not disappoint.  The menu is actually pretty similar to Pei Wei with one outstanding factor, the owner of this place came out and talked to us, him and his family own and run it.  They've been there for six years now he says (2 before Pei Wei).  Pretty messed up that the property owner would put a second Asian diner in there.  Pretty messed up that Pei Wei would try to exploit a mom and pop shop's built up following.Tott's still thrives he says, and thrive they should.  Service, ingredients and preparation are outstanding here.  The menu spans several nationalities, from Chinese to Thai to Japanese.  Pretty basic stuff but great if you have a craving for any of those, and easy to suit many palates in one place.Lady had the Hong Kong noodles.  Wide noodles with cabbage and bok choy.  Wonderful flavor here, kind of a grill taste.  My choice was Udon noodles with beef as well.  Noodles were very soft and the fermented beans that made the sauce for mine were very flavorful.  Neither dish was particularly spicy, but both had great flavor.  Definitely better than any fast Chinese I have had in the valley.Great atmosphere, friendly service and excellent food for very cheap.
5	I love this restaurant. The ingredients are fresh, and the food is amazing. Definitely one of my favorite lunch menus of all time....of all time! (haha kanye) But seriously, go to this restaurant and try the orange chicken (the best in town) and also the spicy kung pao chicken is delicioius.
5	Owner pridefully runs this wonderful establishment!  Fresh food, made to order in no time flat!A+ in my book, they even offer student discounts!If there is something not up to par just ask and they will fix it, (although I have NEVER had to.
4	we did take out a few nights ago and got the orange chicken and bourbon chicken.  while the bourbon chicken i thought was good, but just kinda meh, the orange chicken stole the show!  wonderfully crispy pieces in lots of sauce (which at most places would just make the chicken soggy)!  the best orange chicken i've tasted in a while.  my only complaint is that they use leg meat, and i wish getting white meat was an option.  however, that didn't stop me from going back last night!  my 2 friends that ordered other dishes tasted mine and immediately regretted not ordering the same.this is probably the best chinese restaurant i've found in the EV! (at least in terms of orange chicken)
5	I came back last Saturday and ordered myself the orange chicken to go before meeting up with some friends that night. As always, the food was fantastic and my buddies are planning to stop by for lunch after they picked a few pieces off my plate. I hope you appreciate my sacrifice!Also, the fried rice has improved, so they've actually gotten better. Think I'll head there for dinner tonight.
3	i don't understand the hype. it's very typical american chinese food. tried the bourbon chicken and it was nothing special - tasted very teriyaki.
4	Before Christmas my son and his girl friend came up from Tucson for a visit and to exchange baked goodies.  She had passed on she was in the mood for Chinese.  And being one woman and two men Chinese was of course the only option. :-)  Not knowing what their itinerary was I figured I would choose something in the Tempe area so their drive back would be shorter.  So I plugged that in to Yelp and up came Tott's with a good strong 4 after over 40 reviews.  Located in a shopping center on the Southeast corner of Guadalupe and McClintock it was easy to find.  It shares a building and patio area with Starbucks.I was intending to pick a place with waiter service for this and did not realize it was fast-casual until too late to change the meeting.  Well fast-casual may be what it is set up for but with the owner(?) running around taking care of things you would think you were getting waited on most of the time.First we shared a sampler platter and then I got Hong Kong stir fry, my son got Pad Thai and his girlfriend got Singapore noodles with shrimp.  He confirmed she wanted a hot dish as she was ordering it and she said she indeed got about as hot as she could stand.  I like the fact none of the dishes were swimming in sauce, so we could taste the individual items, which can happen at many Asian restaurants.  In fact I could have used a touch more and almost used one of the dipping sauces for the last bit of rice.  Much better, in my opinion, to add a little more if needed.  The whole meal came to under $40 including soft drinks and tea.There are dozens of Asian restaurants in the valley that also do take out as a large chunk of their business.  For the most part they do a decent job and in my book rate in the 2.8-3.2 range.  This one I give a 3.6 rounded to 4.  The place is very clean.  They are willing to modify dishes.  The service is above average for a fast-casual restaurant.  I am glad my fellow Yelpers led me here.
5	Not sure why I haven't written Tott's up earlier.  TAD has been on my regular lunch rotation for at least six months now.  The asian food here is of very high quality, great quantity, and affordable...especially at lunch time.  My wife will even drive all the way from Carefree sometimes just to go to lunch with me at TAD (and she HATES to drive).  The owner, Young, and the girl that takes orders and brings them out, are as nice as can be.  They always have a smile and a hello to share.  Go there more than a couple of times and you are a friend.  How great an owner takes such interest in his customers!In terms of food it is very hard to go wrong here.  My favorite is the Sweet and Pungent Chicken or Shrimp.  The coating is perfectly crispy and the sauce glazes each piece perfectly.  Think Orange Chicken with a little kick.  Other items that are great are the Chow Mein with it's slight smokiness, Tom Yum Soup with Noodles has a nicely flavored broth and they will spice it however you like.  Also comes with a separate container full of noodles for take away.  Finally,  my son loves the Yellow Panang Curry.  Great veggie selection and plenty of whatever protein you choose to put in it.  He gets angry when I eat his leftovers on this dish.  Don't feel sorry for him as he has eaten more than his fair share of my leftovers while I toil away at work!Do yourself a favor and go to Tott's for the best asian food in the valley that falls into the category somewhere between Americanized Asian food and "real" Asian cuisine.  Now, I am going to get in my car and travel through this horrible rain so I can get me some!
4	Tott's is a great middle of the week, weekend treat, sunday afternoon snack, type of place. The asian food is very fresh and you have your choice of curry, stir fry and noodle dishes. The portions are generous, the staff is courteous and the owner has always been on hand. I count Tott's among one of my neighborhood favorites.
4	I have been to Totts probably around 12 times and it is definitely at the top of my list.  I definitely recommend their various noodle dishes especially the Singapore Noodles with Chicken and/or Shrimp-the only exception would be the Pad Thai-I have found those noodles to be mushy.   Great value for the money and I like the fact that they are consistent.
4	I had heard a lot about Tott's from friends, but last night was the first time we went. We were celebrating Chinese New Year and instead of going to Chopstick Express, we headed down to Tott's. My friend insisted I get the award-winning orange chicken, so we got 2 orders of that and the walnut shrimp. It's nice that they bring out the food to you, and I have to say it was really good. Like some have said, it wasn't swimming in sauce, and it went very well with the fried rice I had. I would definitely come back and try something else on the menu.
4	After a long day of sight seeing the boyfriend needed caffeine. Our GPS failed us on the exactly location of the Starbucks but it ended up being a good thing. I spotted the green logo and we hauled over three lanes and ended up here.. I needed cash... he needed a latte and between there we needed dinner....I spotted Tott's and laughed at the name "Asian Diner" ...... until I saw the red sticker of approval.....We saw the Yelp Sticker and figured it was fate.... Tons of pan-Asian -fusion options.... suh-weet.Spicy spicy me likey! This place has a kick which I love... I got the veggie panang with brown rice (call me a hippie). Tons of veggies, spicy curry and all was cooked perfectly. Snap peas, eggplant, large chunks of bell peppers, asparagus all mixed with some tofu. I greatly appreciate the fact there is an equal ratio of veggies... usually Asian spots will give you five million chucks of onions and not leave much else. The boyfriend got the crispy beef... it was a lil tough but the crispy and sweetness was a good combo with the spicy curry.   Bathrooms are clean, 10% discount for students with valid (current) ID and the food is a good deal for what you get.... If you ever want to expand to California come to SANTA CRUZ!!!! I will be the first in line.
5	I love Tott's. The atmosphere almost makes me feel at home and the guys always working the counter?-- An absolutely wonderful man who always talks to everybody and walks around checking that everything's okay. It's worth it to go just to see his smiling face! But then again, there's the food which is cheap and delicious. Right around Panda Express prices but so much better-- everything feels and tastes fresher and better. The veggies are crisp. The meat is flavorful and good. Sauces are thick and delicious. I can't stress enough that you should try this place. Don't go to Pei Wei. Support this guy and his wonderful Asian food.
4	I was looking for a local place to get Chinese food and thought I'd try this place. I was impressed. Frist we have the "pork roll" which is a giant pork eggroll cut into four pieces. Minus the mushrooms (okay, I'm picky) it was great! It went well with the orange dipping stuff. Then we had the pork fried rice and sesame chicken, both were amazing! I loved how well the pork was cooked. The sesame chicken was great, just what I was looking for. The lunch specials  were a great deal. we took two boxes home. I look forward to trying other menu items.
3	Really good. But sorry, definitely not Pei Wei. Can taste the deep friedness. Greasy. Less chicken than bread. No fresh veggies. Cheaper tho.
4	i've gone back several times since my first review, and thanks to a helpful suggestion from brandon, i got the orange chicken with white meat only.  its delicious!  i've taken several friends here and they all enjoy the place as well.if you're ever in the complex, skip pei wei and head to tott's!
4	Not a 5 star place just yet!!! But in time it'll be because I only went once and haven't tried everything! The food I ate was good to my taste! I order the Honey Walnut shrimp and it was perfect, not too much mayonnaise and crispy to the bite! So far the service I got was quick and friendly! Not too big of a restaurant! Perfect for the neighborhood! The place feels like a whole in the wall restaurant with good food. lol BUT its a modern and clean looking place!! The price is average for a meal around 10 bucks. A little high for quick Chinese take out, but worth it! I would say the restaurant without the host and waiters!! lol! I will be going back to try the other dishes and keep my review updated!
4	great fresh food! huge egg roll! i would recommend this place to anyone! i get the kung pow and sweet sour chicken both are great!
3	I went to lunch at Tott's today after a long, boring, staff meeting.  My friend had said that this place was pretty decent.Since I myself work at a Chinese restaurant, I'm usually very reluctant to try Chinese restaurant based on the reviews of my very Americanized Asian friends but eh, why not?While I did get a student discount, my meal came out to be around $14 for cheese puffs, walnut shrimp, and brown rice.  I suppose it's a pretty standard price since my work place charges the same.  But here's what it breaks down to:- Standard cheese puffs with very little cream cheese.  The scallions were a nice touch though.- An incredibly small portion of waaay overly-battered shrimp with plain mayonnaise based sauce.I normally try to avoid comparing "other" Chinese food to my work place but it really wasn't all that special.  The food was mediocre but the atmosphere was pretty nice!
5	Fantastic. Wow. I may not be able to go to another Chinese restaurant and not compare them to Totts. The flavors are terrific. The atmosphere is  great. I cannot stop raving about this place to my friends. You want Chinese? Go here. Discussion over.
4	Went here for dinner on a Sunday and I was surprised by how many people were there. It's obviously a neighborhood favorite. The setting is very nice--contemporary and clean. We had the sampler platter (good) and the sweet and pungent chicken (very good and different). Would definitely go here again and recommend to those in the area.Notes: There's a good amount of indoor and outdoor seating. Also, it's quick service, so you order at the counter and they bring your food out.
5	I go to totts almost as much as I go to my kitchen...never had a bad meal, and it's fun to see employees from pei wei eating there
5	Well, this marks the last time I visit Pei Wei. Better, faster, higher quality. Now, if I could but order online, and also convince my super trendy friends to jump the fence to where the grass is truly greener. 5 stars of win!
5	This is a fantastic restaurant and very very healthy. The owner is very friendly and can customize the dishes however you want. My wife and I will definitely go back there.
5	I love this place! It has UNDOUBTEDLY the best orange chicken in town! Just a little more spicy, which I cannot have, and it adds that flavorful kick. The brown rice and cream cheese rangoons are to die for! We go there once a week!
5	Tott's is some of the best Chinese food in the area. It's insanely affordable, large portions, and NOT the hole-in-the-wall, mom & pop, lighted-pictures-of-the-menu-on-wall-against-a-floral-backdrop style place you've read about in Fortune Cookie Chronicles. (Which is a fantastic read if you like Chinese food & history.)Instead, it's clean and modern inside, and Young, the insanely nice owner or brother-in-law of owner, is always very kind and generous and funny, to boot.Now, the food. You'll need to check the menu before you order to make sure they have everything you're used to. While most Chinese restaurants all pick from the same playcard, Tott's bills itself as an "asian diner" and so standbys like moo shu pork are absent. To flesh things out, they add a handful of curries and some other pan-asian dishes you wouldn't normally see. (In the same vein, delivery service is also absent!)Now that that's out of the way, ignore everything I just said and order the orange chicken. It is the best I have EVER had. (I make sure to order it "not crispy" since the shards-of-chicken approach is UNpleasant to me, which they abide by perfectly.) When it comes out fresh and uncrispy, there is no greater. It is just a bit spicy and has some red chile-type things in the sauce, so be prepared, or ask them to tone it down, but it comes out fresh, and hot, and amazing. Their chow mein is also fantastic. It's chow mein as it should be: soft noodles, not dry at all, and with tons of vegetables. I have them throw in shrimp, and they always include a big portion of just-right cooked shrimp.I usually tap things out with an order of their great crab/cheese puffs. They're a bit light on the "crab" side, and might be "krab", but the flavor is amazing and their sweet and sour sauce is fantastic. Some of my favorite cheese puffs, pretty much ever.If you dare order the pork rolls, a word of warning: they are an entire meal in and of themselves. They are the about as thick as your arm and there are two of them, served with sweet & sour mixed with spicy mustard. They are so big that they have to rubber band the foam container.The portions are huge for dinner, and at about $11 each, you EASILY have two meals out of them.Take the time to hit up this place for a different take on great chinese food. And if you ask Young for the orange chicken, not crispy, don't be surprised if he thinks you're me. (That's usually how he recognizes me!)
5	Always great food and great service.  We eat there 25% of the time and the other 75% get our order to go or phone it in to go.  Everything is always fresh and tasty and the owner is super nice.  They know our daughter loves fortune cookies and will toss in a few extra for her.  If you want them to alter you order, no problem.  The employees are all great and really care that your order is how YOU want it.Five stars.
5	Tott's put the icing on the cake for me. from the moment I opened the door the owner gave me a warm welcome. this was my first time there and he gave great recommendations. the orange chicken, vegetable tofu chow mein, and the walnut shrimp, all very very delicious. this is not the kind of place where a waiter/waitress waits on you and refills your drinks but the owner kept the perfect rate of conversation with me and my girlfriend, to where we felt very welcome but not awkward. he also brought us chop sticks and forks, and it is a self serve station. for being located in the middle of the arizona desert, this was some pretty damn good chinese food. overall, great customer service, great food and a great comfortable atmosphere, prices were affordable and very short wait for food! go here. i will be going back this weekend!
3	Been twice now, owner and counter service very friendly.  The food is ok when you have a need for Chinese American food fix.  Deep fried items are REALLY deep fried... small-ish crunchy bits of chicken kind of thing.
2	This place was ruff on my stomach, I got the yellow curry here.  I heard about this place on yelp because me and my friend wanted some chinese food.  Well the place is clean and my friend said that his dish (Orange Chicken) was just ok,  After I was done eating I felt my stomach screaming 'WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME, I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN YOUR FRIEND'.  There is also a pei wei in the same area and I wish we just went to them because it is a bit better quality then this place.I even had it a couple hours later after the meal cold, and I dont even know why I just felt like giving it another shot, but nope it was still making my insides hurt.  Recommendation: I would try somewhere else unless you hate your stomach,and if you do, try something else then the curry.
4	This is located in the same area as Red Seven computers so when I came to pick up my laptop I has already made up my mind that I was going to have lunch here.  My friend Vicky T. had tried this out and I know she has good taste, she's my friend. It was pretty busy when I came in and I grabbed a menu as I waited in line.  It's the same premise as Pei Wei.  You order and they bring it to your table.  They guys in the kitchen were working fast and furious to get things out.  I wasn't sure what I wanted so the young women asked me a few questions and made some suggestions.  I went with chicken broccoli and brown rice.  It came to my table about 5 minutes later, piping hot and fresh.  It was delish!!!  The broccoli was cooked perfectly, still a bit crisp, and the chicken was so tender.  The sauce used was also very good, a nice combination of a liitle sweet and a little sour with a small bit of heat.  Ya, I know, but I'm a wimp when it comes to heat.  I devoured it all!  I watched as a steady stream of people came in, most got their food to go. The price point is about on par with Pei Wei too. I spent $10 for my lunch and a drink that was refillable. This was quality food and fast! This is a great spot, a local business, and I loved it!  Support local and go try it!!
4	Mr Jung must get tired of seeing me show up at his establishment but it really cannot be helped.  Ever since I found it, I cannot keep myself from thinking about some of the best Orange Shrimp, Singapore Noodles, and Hong Kong Noodles anywhere!  Is it really possible that this establishment within a stones throw of Pei Wei can hold its own and then some?!  I think this place is economical, and it freshly prepares most main entrees.  I might have to round up a few more people tonight and go for dinner.  I just wish we had Mr. Jung open up something here in the Copa!  To be clear...as soon as I can have a few more carbs, they will totally be spent over a plate at Totts!Cheers!
3	The food is amazing, the service is great, and the atmosphere is clean and inviting.   The owner is usually there too personally greeting patrons. Its a small privately owned diner with a few outdoor tables.  It's fairly unassuming but a real gem if you're looking for good Chinese food.  I can't really give much commentary on the menu because I always get the shrimp with walnut sauce but that is pretty tasty!  The prices are incredibly reasonable, comparable to most Chinese take out but minus all the grease and MSG.  Highly recommended!EDITED TO ADD: I'm sad but I'm reducing my rating due to subsequent visits.  I don't know if it's me or the restaurant but I've been here at least 4 times and each time the food was less than stellar.  I tried the Pad Thai, the Vegetarian Fried Rice, a curry dish and the Sweet & Sour Shrimp and each time, I could barely finish it.  On the other hand, my fiance loved what he ordered so again it could be me.  I kept it at 3 stars because the service is still great and the place is clean.  I don't know what happened with the food though. :-/
5	My absolute FAVORITE chinese restaurant everrrrr!!! Try the WALNUT SHRIMP or the VILLAGE RICE NOODLE! the staff is ultra friendly and the food is soooo delicious. it definitely kicks pei-wei's ass. :) tell Young that Alli sent ya!
1	Thai Mix (red curry) I dont know what this is but it's not Thai.  Bland and not even similar to Thai red curry.  If you want Thai food hit Royal Thai Grill or Thai Rama.  I would have been better off going to Panda Express which makes me cry a little on the inside.
3	If I would have drafted a review after the first time I went here, it would have been a 5-star declaration. But, after going here a few more times, it kind of loses its luster a bit with each subsequent visit. One thing unique about this place can say is it's unintentional comedic irony. What am I talking about, you say? Most family owned Asian places have the tacky fake crystal lights and generic table and chairs but this place has attempted to go in a different but equally unoriginal direction by copying every detail of the interior of a Pei Wei Asian Diner! It's actually pretty hilarious once you think about it because there is literally a Pei Wei accross the parking lot from this place.On to the plate, Ive ordered few different things but tend to order the "famous" orange chicken more often than anything. It is pretty good but the chicken is so breaded and the sauce so thick and flavor-neutral (if thats even a term, if not then Im making it one), that it I find myself bored with the dish after a few bites. I've gotten it with brown and fried rice, I'd say go with the brown because the fried rice is bland. One time, I attempted to liven up the orange chicken dish and asked them to add long beans to it, that was a mistake. The long beans are rubbery and cold and flavorless. I'll continue to go here but not as frequently. I wish I could say I'd found a place to permanently keep me out of Pei Wei but looks like this place will only sway me every once in a while.
4	Tott's is a good local Chinese joint.  It's got cute decor, tasty food and reasonable prices... what more do you need?  It's especially cool that they offer food 'your way'... which basically means your choice of meat, tofu or veggies in any noodle, rice, brown rice, fried rice combination.  It's good stuff.  See ya there!
4	After my final walk out of Quick Wok on Southern because it stinks, I decided to try TOTT. It was a really happy ending! Not the kind where you get sexual satisfaction, although eating good Asian food can be orgasmic, which is why they won't let me eat at the restaurant anymore, but the taste and morning after effects are always the key.Good, healthy portions make it half the cost because it becomes two meals. Great place for a date or just sitting alone, moaning in pleasure, which is why they won't let me eat inside anymore.Many delicious dishes and the gigunda pork egg rolls are huge and give me pleasure like no woman can, which is why no woman will let me eat in the restaurant anymore.Plenty of parking and a coffee place next door, which oddly enough also won't let me stay inside anymore. I just sit in my car, facing towards the restaurant and eat my take out meal, moaning in delight and starring at female diners, while my van is a rockin'. Yes, I see you putting that egg roll into your mouth, lady. Oooooooh YES!TMI? I can never tell.
4	Sadly, I went to pick up my yummy food last Friday night and there was a sign inside saying they were CLOSING 12/20 due to the fact they had lost their lease!!! After drying my tears, I asked what happened and the server told me the landlord didn't renew the lease and instead is leasing to a 'burger joint' WHAT??? I am heart broken! I sincerely hope they decide to find another place in the area soon!! There are open spaces in the strip mall at Kyrene/Elliot (hint hint)
5	I'm so sad...out favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley has closed. :( We drove all the way from Goodyear to eat dinner and when we arrived we found Tott's closed with only a sign that said "closed relocating". We almost started crying as we dream about Tott's and look forward to making the trek across town for their terrific food.I sure hope they open back up (maybe in Goodyear???). :)
5	Temporarily we are TOTTless.  Sadness prevails the Valley and all is out of order.  We eagerly await the re-opening in a new location BUT...Hurry. We have begun relying on Pei Wei to fill the void!  *Sniff* ...UPDATE: Tott's has signed a new lease! They will be relocating to the Northwest corner of McClintock and Ray. A date for the reopening has NOT been chosen yet...but I personally cannot wait!
5	This is by far my most favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley! I have been going here for the past 5+ years and still never a disappointment! All the employees are very friendly (also know me by name and order) and the food is GREAT!!! I am always referring my co-workers and friends to eat here.They are re-opening in their new location tomorrow and I can not be happier! I will most definitely stay a loyal customer!
5	TOTT's aka "Talk of the Town" Asian Diner has reopened after a little hibernation forced by a silly landlord that couldn't see what he / she was losing!  The new address is 4030 W. Ray Road, Suite 1 , Chandler, AZ 85226.  It is on the northwest corner of Ray Road and McClintock...and alas, again...a Starbucks is down two doors from it.  Should I even mention the Gamestop neighbor?All I can say is that the grand re-opening was standing room only and the food is just as delicious as we left it!  This location is a bit smaller I feel from a seating aspect, and I anticipate it will feel that way for a bit while the family gets into place and the locals discover this place so be prepared to wait a little.But isn't no M.S.G, high quality veggies and meats, pure veggie oil only, well trimmed meats and poultry to keep the fat content low, and the general care and expertise in preparation worth the wait?  I can only now celebrate the year of the rabbit! I'm a Tott's fan for life!
5	I am SO HAPPY Tott's has come back so quickly!  Still the best Asian food in town.  Judging by the crowd most of Mr. Young's regulars are finding their way back.
5	Grand Opening at their new location was amazing!  Tons of people, they definitely have a large following.  By far one of the best chinese diners in the valley.  Great customer service, great food, you won't be disappointed.
5	Tott's has the best Orange Chicken in Arizona. They have friendly staff who always remember you, great prices, and amazing dishes. Dishes are served with brown rice and generous portions. Also try the Traditional Signapore Rice Noodle.New location (Ray and McClintock) is a little smaller than the old location but has a nicer atmosphere. I like to think of Tott's as a better version of Pei Wei.
4	Omg so good and huge servings!  The chefs specialty shrimp dish us my favorite.
4	I called ahead and ordered Chicken Phad Thai for take out. I walked in and they immediately knew who I was and what I had ordered (I guess wearing my name tag helped), but it was a wonderful personal touch. The staff here is so friendly! The take out lunch portion is huge! They put the peanuts on the side so you can add or omit as much as you like. There is a giant wedge of lemon inside the container. Use it! it adds a delicious pop to the flavor. The chicken is very tender and the sauce has a great flavor. I added a little extra spice for my taste. The noodles were a little softer than I normally like, but the dish overall was so yummy! Welcome to Chandler TOTT's! I will be seeing you often!!
5	Awesome orange chicken, I got the white meat, it was amazingly crunchy, spring rolls were out of this world! what an incredible meal!!! thank you!
2	Been going here since they open on the corner of McClintock and East Guadalupe in Tempe. Absolutely the Best fresh Chinese you'll find anywhere. The owner is very friendly and greets and chats with most customers. If you become a repeat customer, expect to be greeted with a welcoming smile.  It's unfortunate that he lost the lease in Tempe just after the 1st of the year, but they are open again at their new location  4030 W Ray Rd E1, Chandler, AZ Stop by and give them a try you won't be disappointed.Update 1/16/13Since moving the portions have shrunk, the prices have risen and the quality also has slipped.
5	New location. Same great food!  My kids love eating here. More Authentic than Pei Wei. Recommend!
5	OMG TOTT'S IS BACK?! thank you Yelpers for letting me know. I found out Tott's left when I went on Yelp to leave an awesome, overdue review. Let me just say that I was devastated when they closed down and every time I craved chinese food, I thought about Tott's and fell into a slight depression. This place is amazing because of the food and the very friendly customer service. The food is delicious and does not leave you with that " i ate so much, i need to throw up" feeling. The food isn't dripping with grease like most asian places.The owner is such a nice man. I came here often when I was pregnant and everything sounded so good, I couldn't stop ordering. The owner (who i call Mr. Totts) would tell me to not order so much because the servings were so big. LOL who does that? He made me stop spending money, I appreciated that. Anyways, even after I had the baby, he still recognized us and remembered what we usually ordered. I love that. Thanks for coming back to us Tott's. Life is complete again.
5	Tott's has amazing food and wonderful service! It is my family's favorite lunch spot in Tempe. If you're looking for a fast, easy, delicious meal, Tott's can't be beat!
2	I was really excited to try out Tott's after hearing so many good things about it, but now it is doubful I will be returning..Here's the thing, the only vegetarian item on the menu is the Szechuan Tofu and Vegetables. A dish that is "meh" at best. All the others have either chicken powder (WTF?), oyster sauce or both, thus making 'em not suitable for vegetarians.Also: Was told the spicy tofu was veg the first time I tried Tott's. Found out it was not on the second.The bummer is, these are ingredients that could easily be subbed or omitted.Nowadays, the vast majority of Chinese restaurants are very accommodating to (the growing population of) vegetarians. It is easy to substitute meat with tofu and have the kitchen leave the animal ingredients out. Tott's fails to make the effort.If you are in the area and are looking for great take-out Chinese that is super accommodating to vegetarians, than I recommend a certain "Express" not too far North of Tott's. You won't be disappointed.
2	I don't really get why this place has so many good reviews.  I got take out last night and the food was really just average.  The chicken wings were extremely dry and the Kung Pao chicken was not spicy at all.  The teriaki chicken and lo mein noodles were pretty good but nothing too special about them.  I think that the food from Pick Up Stixx that was at this location before Tott's moved in was much better.Overall, not horrible food but I doubt I will eat here again.  For the same money, I would rather go to Pei Wei for much better food.  Or for the same boring food for much cheaper (and free delivery) I will continue to order from Magic Wok.
5	I have been to Tott's many times and I have tried almost all the dishes on the menu. KungPao and Angel Hair soup on the menu are amazing. Great for college students.
4	Tott's is great- pan fried noodles (chicken), lettuce wraps, and the Orange Chicken, all excellent.  The restaurant is all new. You order at the counter. Everyone there is very friendly and helpful. Don't order the Lemon Tart-why did I?? If you want good Asian food, go here.
5	My daughter and I are gluten free diets, and even though we both love Asian food, it is generally hazardous for us.  Tott's has been one of our safe havens in this area.  The manager is very willing to accommodate our needs, such as cooking without soy sauce.  For those who are highly sensitive, there will be likely be cross-contamination, but we have been eating there for years and feel that we have been far safer here than with Pei Wei, who has a gf menu.
5	great food for a great price.  and the people are so awesome.  new location same good food.
3	Pretty darn good Asian food. :)
3	This restaurant just moved into my neighborhood. I like to support mom and pop shops. The menu and style of food reminded me of Pei Wei's, but just a little more authentic. They serve the more popular dishes from various Asian countries (Pad Thai, beef broccoli, orange chicken,  teriaki chicken, etc.).  I've tried at least one dish from each country and they were alright. You get a good portion size. As for price, it's slightly above average. The service is great, and food comes out fast. The restaurant space is small, so it's not great for large parties. One of the owners is always present, and works hard. I'll eat here on occasion.
5	Fresh ingredients used to make food fast, and always piping hot.  This has been a go-to location for me for years.  It's not your traditional "everything is battered in MSG and fried" kind of Chinese place.  Top items are Kung Pao anything, Pad Thai, and Orange Chicken.Customer service here is also impeccable.  The owner is seemingly always on the premises and is concerned about the quality of your meal.  In fact, I see the same employees year after year, so I imagine he treats them as well as the customers.
4	Clean, fast, fairly cheap.  I had the Orange chicken and it was good. Liked the brown rice option.   I enjoyed this $6.19 meal much more than the lame sandwich/soup I had at Great Grains yesterday and that cost me $12.25,  I'll be back to Tott's.
3	My first 3 star review. I usually only review a place that is exceptional or poor, but since the choices for good Chinese food are so scant in the valley, one has to make concessions.I've been here twice, the first time being told by a couple of friends how good it was, but it was rather lacking. Same as Panda Express.2nd time, much better. I asked for extra spicy and that's what I got, but the flavor wasn't compromised. Good job. Still, nothing great, but I would return since there really is nothing else around.
4	I used to go here infrequently when it was Pick up Stix.  I tried it last night with a big phone in order as AI had family.  They cheerfully said ready in 25 minutes and it was.  I ordered Kung Pao Chicken as spicy as they could make it.  The owner rang us up and asked who ordered the extra spicy and make sure I had water.  He was right!  Most places are afraid to make it as spicy as I like it, but not TOTTS.. Thumbs up for that.  Everyone enjoyed what they ordered, even my picky 9-yr old who had the pan fried noodles with chicken.  The only minor complaint came from my brother in-law who said it was saucy.  Then he proceeded to eat the whole thing.  One thing keeping them from getting 5-stars is the tip jar at the counter.  I get tips at a service type meal, but not to give me my food and take my money.  Overall, it was great and we'll keep going back!
4	1st time here based on the reviews. Friendly atmosphere and the food was fresh and very tasty. Highly recommend.
4	I went here today with my supervisor and it was very good! This place was packed...like standing room only. When a table opened shortly before we got our food it was a sweet victory. This place was much better than pei wei for sure. I ordered the pan fried noodles with chicken and it was very tasty.The sauce was all garlicky and delicious and it had a lot of veggies (broccoli, snow peas, carrots, mushrooms, etc), which is a big plus. The noodles were just ok, but what can you expect from a fast place, plus it's awesome that they offer this crispy noodle option to begin with!  My supervisor got the lemon chicken and was excited that they offer brown rice. Overall, it was good and I would go back for sure.
5	Amazing as ever. Had crab puffs, spring rolls, orange chicken, sweet and pungent chicken,and my son had teriyaki chicken. He never finshes his food and he cleaned the plate. The portions are huge! Love it here
1	Tott's use to be one of my favorite Chinese food restaurants, my co-workers and I would go at least once a week. I went there last night when the owner wasn't working and received the worst customer service I have received in a long time. They messed up my order multiple times and told me I was wrong when I clearly wasn't. They gave me an attitude when I was attempting to be polite and didn't listen to me. Worst of all this was a takeout order and I had to drive there twice and then deal with their rude employees. Even the cook gave me an attitude. I have never received less than perfect customer service when the owner was there, but I am sad to say that me and my co-workers will never return to Tott's again. Best of all, when I got home they did not give me any soy sauce, sweet & sour sauce or pot sticker's sauce which I had asked for extra of each one on both trips... And I had just given them 50 dollars of my business...
4	Passed by Tott's many times and finally decided to try it.  The menu has a good mix of various Asian fare, i.e. Chinese, Thai, Korean, etc.  There are a good number of spicy choices so I was happy.  We ordered wanton soup, Tom Yom soup, spicy stir fry with chicken and Singapore Noodles with chicken.  The wanton soup was loaded with veggies and shrimp (4) but tasted "fishy" to our son.  He only ate the wantons and a bit of the broth.  The Tom Yom soup was huge with tomatoes, tofu and shrimp.  It was very red in color which I'd never seen before.  The broth was somewhat thick, but very tasty with a good hot and sour zing.The Singapore Noodles came very quickly as did the spicy stir fry.  Both were very generous portions, enough that we took some of each home. The noodles had just the right amount of curry flavor and the chicken was tender and tasty.  I'd ordered my stir fry extra spicy and I wasn't disappointed!Overall we were very satisfied.  The price was very reasonable, food was good, staff attentive, and restaurant was clean.My only criticisms are that the main courses came immediately after the soup so we had it all on the table at once and there was too much tofu in the Tom Yom soup.
4	Pretty good food and good-sized meals
4	Amazing Asian food! I love the curry noodles with tofu most but the orange chicken is amazing! The owner is really friendly and the food is consistently good!
5	Was back at TOTTS last night - and it never lets me down!!  Last night I had the Twins Pork which is always one of my favorite go-to items on the menu.  The owner, Young, is as friendly as they come. He will go above and beyond to make sure you have a great experience!
5	Having moved to the area a couple months ago, my wife and i decided to check out one of the neighborhood eateries.  tonight we chose tott's.we read some of the reviews here on yelp, and they could not be more accurate.  we both thoroughly enjoyed our respective dishes and took advantage of their 2 meals for $20 deal.  1 appetizer, 2 drinks, 2 entrees and 1 desert for $20.  the staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean and small but cozy.  there was a constant stream of people coming in for take-out.  the appetizer was 3 nicely cooked spring rolls that weren't greasy and perfectly cooked inside.  they came with a sweet & sour dipping sauce that complemented the spring rolls nicely.  my wife ordered the hong kong stir fry with chicken (sans the mushrooms) and i ordered the orange chicken (their most popular dish).  the portions are large...enough for 2 meals.  the hong kong stir fry was delicious.  the chicken was white meat and cooked well and no 'strange parts' like you sometimes find in stir fry.  the veggies were big chunks and cooked just right...not soggy and not crisp.  the orange chicken was wonderful also.  it had a spicy kick that built as you ate more.  the sweetness from the citrus evened the spiciness out for the most part, combining for a tasty balance.  both came with large portions of rice.  for dessert we ordered the almond cheesecake.  a perfect ending to our meal.  it was light and fluffy with a graham cracker crust that had almonds in the crust.  tott's provided a great experience with great service and tasty food.   a local restaurant that we will definitely go to again.
4	Great menu selection, food is hot and fresh and you can't beat the prices!
4	For the price this place beats Pei Wei by a mile...  The serving size is very ample and the service is very fast!  I enjoyed Kung Pao Chicken with Brown Rice on my first visit.  At first I thought I would need a take out box when I saw the size of the dish, then I was real hungry and managed to down it all in one sitting.. The Price was under $9 with tax and no drink..   I would recommend giving this place at least one try if you are a Pei Wei fan or just like Fast Asian food.. Lots of varieties and a very clean diner..
5	Tott's Asian Diner is my family's favorite lunch spot. The food is fantastic and the service is outstanding. The owner is so friendly and really makes an effort to make sure you're happy. I have never ordered a dish I was unhappy with and they also happily make accommodations to their menu items for those of us with allergies, which is much appreciated. I would definitely recommend a visit to Tott's next time you're in the mood for some yummy Asian food.
3	After a week long stay in Los Angeles and eating exceptionally great Chinese food I came home with a craving for more. Due to sparkling reviews of Tott's and the fact that it is located across the street from my home I decided to give them a try. I phoned in an order for stir fry Mongolian beef with brown rice.  The order was ready upon my arrival so there was no wait time. The guys at the counter were friendly so no complaints about customer service. However, I was somewhat disappointed in my Mongolian Beef as it was extremely sweet. It was full of tender slices of beef and lots of veggies but entirely too sweet for my taste buds.I will definitely return and try other items suggested by fellow Yelper's but I will definitely stay away from the Mongolian unless I am craving dessert.
4	Orange chicken is the best
4	I was surprised.  It had been a different Chinese place before.  I am cautious about fast Chinese food.  This place was clean and has good food.  The manager was 5stars.  When I told him I was new, he went through the menu.  Orange chicken great. Broccoli and beef great. Sometimes veggies can be over nuked, these  seemed fresh.  Noodles were a bit bland, but I will be back.
4	Great food, good value.  Wonton soup is awesome and a meal in itself. I also recommend the Panang.
4	I missed out on Tott's when it was located on Guadalupe & McClintock but I'm glad to see it didn't move far. As fellow Yelpers have mentioned, a sure fire bet is the Orange Chicken. Much tastier than Panda Express and Pei Wei in my opnion. Comes with your choice of steamed or fried rice. Also, if you request it, they will make it spicier for you as everything is made to order. Another good choice would be the Sweet and Sour Chicken, not as crunchy as the Orange Chicken but just as much flavor. It also comes with plenty of veggies and pineapple chunks, something that is really hard to come by at a place like Panda Exp. I think what really makes this restaurant better than some of your other fast food Chinese type locations is their friendliness and service. Every order I have made whether it be take out or dine in has been correct and really quick. Even with young workers behind the register, they are on top of everything and pay attention to your order. The owner is usually on hand cooking or serving which gives it a local feel rather than a chain. Check it out if your in the area
4	Quick and YYummy!  The people are very nice with lots of veggie options.
4	I went for the first time today to Tott's at lunchtime.  It was excellent.  The service was friendly and accommodating (they had no problem substituting my rice for broccoli) and the food was fabulous.  It came to our table very quickly and everything was hot, nicely seasoned and very fresh (love crisp broccoli!)  I can see why this place is so busy/popular.  I will definitely go back.
5	Love this place! Its just as good as a big chain restaurants and not as expensive. Most of the time the owner is the one ringing you up at the register. A+ food!
5	5 STARS -- 10 IF THEY WERE AVAILABLE!  Have been frequenting this joint for 7 years now.  Not a bad choice on the menu but the Pad Thai (seasoned to your palate), the Orange Chicken, Panang and Walnut Shrimp are particular favorites -- they set the standard for the entire Valley, if not the galaxy!  Try it, you'll not be disappointed -- I'll guarantee it!  Yummy stuff!PS -- Tott's is no longer at the Guadalupe location.  They've moved to Ray Road and McClintock.
3	The food is just average, the best orange chicken is not from Tott's Asian Diner but from Tokyo House where the sauce tingles on your tongue. Tingles! The service was friendly and the portion size was okay. I don't understand why everyone is slapping themselves silly over this place. I'll just chalk it up to crowd hysteria.
4	Fresh and quick.
5	tom  yum noodle soup (tofu and veggies).served with anglehair noodles, mushroom, tofu, bean sprouts, and other veggies.I got a HUGE bowl for 7.50 or less,I ended up taking home about half my bowl and I got another meal out of it.Order took less than 4 min,Staff was attentive, helpful and friendly.Facility was clean.Seems like manager/owner actually cares about his customers.I also liked the sweet and pungent chicken.Served with a big bowl of rice.I would def recommend to a friend.
5	I moved to the valley about a year and a half ago, and first tried Tott's when they were still at the old location.  What a great find it was, I tend to stick to the stir fry crispy beef, but have had quite a few other items.  This is just one of those places that does everything to near perfection.  Tott's will set the bar so high others will just fall short.
5	Great place! Glad I moved around the corner from Tott's in South Tempe.I used to go to Tott's all of the time when I worked around the corner from their old location on Guadalupe/McClintock. When our company moved, I stopped going so I am glad I found them again! Awesome Food and Great Service! Young has always been really nice and so has the other staff.The Highlights for me:- Great Service! The staff has always been really polite and friendly- The food is always Excellent and the price is really good for the portion you get. - Egg Drop Soup (only $2) - Always Piping hot and doesn't have nearly as much Sodium as other Asian places.- Kung Pao Chicken - Great flavors, not too saucy and the Chili Peppers have a smoky flavor that I can probably pop them on its own all-day long. - The Curries - Bangkok & Singapore are really good! I usually get the Chicken or Beef and a side of brown rice. Much better then the local Thai restaurants who serve Curries. Overall, Glad I found them again and Keep banging out Quality food and great service!
4	I love this place. It's not as cheap as Panda Express, but that's the point. If you want a good, fast Chinese food experience, eat here.If you want to get some Starbucks before or after, this is a good place too.If you're lonely, write more yelp reviews.Please take some time out of your day to try some Chinese that's not poured out of a semi truck shipped from California(if not further).
4	I've been coming here since it was inthe location where The Habit is in now. Decent size food portions and always satisfying. I almost always notice peoplefrom my place of employment here so thisisn't one of the lunch places where my lunch buddies can really come and safelybitch about everything that goes on in ourlittle slice of paradise. I usually get thecurries - they're all good. And a bunch ofus back at the license plate factory all agree that the Orange Chicken here destroysPanda Express' version like the fist of anangry god pounding a demon back to hell through the earth's crust. Place can getcrowded during lunch - sometimes people haveto wait for tables before they can sit down.Parking is always plentiful though since it'sin a big mall. I think they had more space atthe old location but what can ya do? Owner ispretty cool guy and very entertaining. If you catch him during a rare occasion when he's mackin' be sure to take notes, son.
5	I love this place.  The menu is suprisingly deep and diverse, the quality of the ingredients and preparation are top notch, and the resulting flavors are delicious.  You order at the counter, and they bring your your meals.  You fill your own drinks.All the "Stir Fry Your Way"s are delicious.  I haven't made it to their curries yet, but I'm expecting greatness here too.  But one real standout is their Orange Shrimp.   It might not be the healthiest thing on the menu, and of course it tends to the sweet side, but it's hand-battered, and let me tell you, the breading is out of this world.  I don't know what they do to make it so rich and light at the same time, but the magic works.This is not a large place and I sometimes wonder if I'm going to have a place to sit, but it's never failed me or my family yet.  The proprietor seems to always be there and I think his son runs the counter much of the time.  They're both wonderful hosts and they seem to have set a tone of friendliness and helpfulness with the rest of the staff.   It's a really nice, but no-frills atmosphere with really excellent food.  You owe yourself a visit.
5	Fantastic service and amazing food!
4	I've only been here once and got the most americanized dish (orange chicken) but it was great. Chicken was cut in larger portions which I enjoy and the rice was very tasty. Definitely will be coming back. Their lunch deal for 2 is a good deal
5	Always perfect and fresh EVERY time!  I LOVE the Hong Kong Chicken.
5	This is my new favorite Chinese place. The food is good and their prices are very reasonable. I've been slowly making my way through their menu trying different things, all so far have been at least decent most have been good.
5	I tried their catering menu for a family party a few weeks ago. For the amount of food you get their prices are great! When I picked up the food it was nice and hot and was all ready at the time it was promised.
5	We placed an order at 9pm right before closing for takeout. The husband had the bourbon chicken and it was very tasty. I ordered the orange shrimp and received orange chicken by accident, but honestly I didn't even care because it was that good. Tender chicken and a well balanced sauce that wasn't overpowering with just enough spice. We also ordered the sampler plate, which was equally good, and fried rice. The fried rice doesn't taste NY style (says this native NYer) but still good nonetheless. The overall theme is simple, quality, well balanced flavors that don't overpower each other. You can taste each of the ingredients used in the dishes and there's a real harmony, which is a rarity. If your palate is used to cheap ingredients drowned in sauce to mask their quality and poor cooking technique, this isn't for you. Additionally, a single order is easily double the quantity that other restaurants offer. Definitely a winner for us.
3	I decided to give this place another shot last night since Magic Wok has apparently gone out of business and Chopstick Express was inexplicably closed early.  So, I needed another option for fast/cheap Chinese food I could pick up on my way home from work.Lo Mein noodles are my test of a good Chinese place and these were pretty good. Much better this time. We also got sesame chicken and that was tasty as well but a little too sweet and the meat was somewhat dry.  I also ordered pot stickers just for fun and those were delicious.  They got my order ready super fast and the staff seemed pretty attentive and friendly.I still prefer Pei Wei for American style Chinese food but you really have to order ahead of time if  you are going to do take out since they are so busy all the time.  So, Tott's may become my go-to Chinese take out place now.
4	We went here last night for the first time and really liked it! My boyfriend got the orange chicken, and I had the walnut shrimp. Both meals were very flavorful, cooked well, were great portions, and also reheated nicely the next day. For some reason I really liked their fortune cookies too. I know it sounds like an odd thing to mention but I did! I usually never eat them but their fortune cookies had a homemade taste to them! We will absolutely be going back!
2	The food wasn't that good but that wasn't my main issue. It was the unwelcoming feeling I experienced. I will not be returning. The owner was friendly with everyone in the restaurant except my boyfriend and I. He would go table to table and talk to people and greet new customers and would acknowledge them when they left. The only acknowledgement I was received was an uncomfortable feeling of him staring at me when I wasn't looking, I'm assuming due to my abundance of tattoos. I felt judged and will not recommend this place to my friends or will never return.
4	Wow the best singapore street noodles I had in a while....reminds me when I was in Singapore. Shrimp not too bad...cant expect too much but I am sure better shrimp can be attained. The noodles had the right amount of curry flavor....so getting this again.They look to have lots of options....well more trips back here....I think the real test is bringing my food critique gf to taste it....we shall find out.
5	I have been going here for years. The owner has expanded the menu over the years to include korean, thai etc. They have one of the better menus with a larger variety and the quality of the food is good. you an either order in and eat there or you can take it home. favorite dish is Spring Rolls and Orange Chicken ( spicy) Owner is always very nice and knows many of his regulars by name.
2	I came to Tott's for lunch. They have an open kitchen area which can be fun if you like to watch the food being prepared, however I found it odd that while I saw food being prepared I didn't smell anything. I am used to walking by a restaurant and being tempted to enter because of the delicious smell of the food they being prepared there. I went to the counter and ordered the orange chicken they seem to be famous for. The total was $6.82 which seemed reasonable. I sat down and was quickly served in a matter of a few short minutes.  My dish was served on an oval shaped platter. The orange chicken was on one side and the other side was a large helping of white rice. The dish had large pieces of chicken sitting in a large pool of orange sauce. The orange sauce had many pieces of red pepper flakes and other spices I couldn't identify. There were five or six large red and black peppers to add some spice to the dish. The chicken was not over breaded like you might expect from places like Panda Express, but the sauce was overly sweet. The sauce seemed to have a thicker consistency to it like a syrup. The five or six large peppers were a welcomed relief from the sweetness of the dish but they ran out fast. The spices and pepper flakes in the sauce didn't translate into flavor on my tongue. Im usually a big fan of orange chicken but was very disappointed in it overall and would not order it again. The owner was there and seemed very friendly, thanking every customer as they left. I saw some other food being prepared as I left and I can tell they were making an honest effort to make good food here. I saw that they were roasting their own peanuts, for example, instead if just opening a package of ingredients and tossing it in the mix. Unfortunately, my experience today didn't equate to the dining experience I had hoped for. It was just way too sweet and lacking flavor.
4	This is my new favourite Asian diner. I am a vegetarian and this place gives me options. The food quality has always been great and it is service with a smile.
2	I tried this place out based on the many reviews. I seemed to have gone on a bad day or maybe they had a new cook.  The man behind the counter was very nice and helped us pick out something from the menu while we made up our mind.  They have a lot of options which would allow for any combination of asian food one can imagine or be in the mood for.  I ordered the Spicy Szechuan with Tofu which seemed to have  out too quickly is my estimation.  The vegetables were hardly warmed up  and suspended in a huge amount of viscous pink sauce that had no spice at all.  It was so dense and cooled so quickly the veggies were floating in it like jello.  I can;t say I would recommend this place or that I'll be back anytime soon.
5	Yeah!  Kickass Asian fast food!No "bobo plates", no little sterno grill to burn your own food, no 70s "Oriental" restaurant ambiance.  This is the REAL THING.  Just knock your socks off, FRESH Asian cuisine to please many palates.  Want veggie?  There's LOTS of vegetarian options for you made to order and brought to your table fast.  Chinese?  Sure.  Japanese?  That too.  They even have pho and curry plates.  You'll get a satisfying mound of food for $10 including bottomless drink.  My only caveat: don't bother having a big conversation with the person you may be eating with--this place is LOUD.  That's okay--you'll have too much fun eating to want to talk that much.Look, I'm from the SF Bay Area, where Asian joints abound.  This place would totally outdo a lot of the spots back home if it were in the Bay.  Best Asian spot so far that I've been to in the Valley.  If there's a better one, I have yet to find it.Go.  Eat.  Stuff thyself.
4	Great, Simple, Friendly, Great service. Everything you want in a normal restaurant where you can order 'take out' with ease. I love the service. I ordered a Pad Thai extra spicy. Usually most places dont make it hot enough. The server asked me twice how i want it prepared, it was amazing and blazing. thank you I will come again next month when I get to eat pasta again...
2	Food was ok, not awesome.  Fast Chinese food. Yeah, they cook it in a wok in an open kitchen but it's no where near the 'best' Chinese food I've ever had. No wait staff, order at the counter and they bring the food out (NOT necessarily all together and defnitely NOT appetizers first then entree - bizarre).  My entree appeared, we waited, then my wifes entree, waited, then my soup, waited some more then finally the spring rolls - I don't get it, deliver the whole damn order at once!  Clean place, it was busy.  Fried rice was disappointing - make better fried rice at home (it was basically brown rice with a few random peas and carrots thrown in).  Soup was good.  Spring rolls were, well, like a spring roll should be - nothing special.  Twin pork was a bit disappointing, pork had a lot of fat on it.  Would I go back?  Maybe if I was in the area and wanted take out, but that's about it.Went on a cold night, the restaurant was freezing, had to ask them to turn some heat on as all the customers were eating with their coats on.  Not a good first impression.
5	Lovely owner...Great staff, cheap prices and healthy choices!Love love love!!!
5	So good!  Wish we had started eating here earlier.  Great service and orders are ready super quick.  Very clean inside.
4	Ate there tonight. Don't love chinese but they have thai stuff. Can't say I loved the foodt. But its very clean. Food is very fresh. And you get the impression that they do their thing with more care than most places. If you like chinese you should be very happy.
5	Awesome food! I always get the sesame chicken! It's my favorite. This place has a really nice atmosphere and the owner is very nice as well
4	Since getting a job, nearby, I've eaten at Tott's a handful of times. Having only 30 minutes to eat, I can walk in, order, eat, and leave with a few minutes to spare to get back to work. I highly recommend the Sesame Chicken. The food is great (big portions too), they're fast, and the owner is very personable and friendly!
4	Really good food and the owner and workers are super nice! =)
4	I would say this is a well deserved 4 star.  The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and the food was very good.  We ordered the pork egg rolls, mushroom stir fry with shrimp, shrimp fried rice, and the chow fun.  The food was delicious overall.  The chow fun wasn't as good as hoped but maybe the drive home affected the noodles.  Either way, really liked the place and will be back.
5	Lunch or Dinner doesn't matter I am here close to 3 out of 7 days in a week. My personal favorites are: Thai pineapple fried rice, Hot Korean, Malaysian and Tott's fried rice. The food is amazing and the service is fast.
1	I'm not sure why this place is rated so high. As a test, go to Panda Express and this place, order the orange chicken and have someone taste them both. You will see that there isn't a difference in the taste. I expected more from this place but the food is just your basic frozen food cooked in a wok...or microwave. I will say that my wife the lemon chicken and it tasted like it was cooked, left out, and then reheated, you know it had that "reheated" taste. Unless the reheated taste is just the taste of the food and in that case it's just bad.The service I guess was nice. 4 people on staff at the time, all were standing around talking. One guy was standing in front of the register playing jewel craft and he didn't acknowledge I was there. A girl took my order after shooing the guy away so she could enter my order in the register.We also got pot stickers and they tasted like chemicals found in cleaning solution. My only guess for this was that they were sprayed on accident when someone was cleaning but it ruined them. They were also still raw and very under cooked. One was still cold in the middle.If you want really good Chinese food, I suggest going to China Palace instead.They are always nice and helpful. I like their orange, sesame, and lemon chicken and it has a nice crispy taste to it, not soggy like Tott's.Overall, if you like soggy breaded chicken then this place is for you.
4	I've gone here a bunch of times and really enjoy the food. The prices are good and the portions are huge. Staff is friendly and the food comes out quick. I'm partial to the orange chicken myself, which I think is one of the best for American-Chinese food.
1	They are on the Banned List. Sorry Tots, I wanted to like you.First time had the Sheczuan Chicken. It had sugar syrup sauce like orange chicken sauce with added chili flakes. Nasty and missing something. Fried rice was bland and old. Second trip had the chicken lomein, again missing flavor and tasted old. Noticed 2 employees eating lunch and they had Pizza from another restaurant?There are way better choices around that area, no need to go back.
4	i like tott's.  they make good food and have a fairly interesting menu.  Its like Pei Wei, but with a couple more options :)  I especially like their off menu item, the fried salty chicken :)  very yum.  Some of their items might be a tad dry with not a lot of sauce, but if u ask for extra sauce for it, they will be happy to oblige u.
5	One of my favorite places for lunch. Similar in style to places like Pei Wei, but much better quality.My favorite is the Chicken Pad Thai.
5	Love this place I use to live just down the street and then after I moved I was so sad that I drive 25 mins to get dinner. Love the dinner for 2.
5	I have been coming to Totts for years now and still love it. The quality of the food is great with an extremely clean atmosphere and very friendly staff. In all the years I've been coming here there have only been a couple times where my food was unsatisfactory. When I mentioned it to either the owner or staff they got me a new order ASAP. I highly recommend this establishment if you're looking for great tasting food for quick dine-in or take out.
5	These guys are so great. The food is awesome and the service is always excellent. Try the Malaysian curry!
5	Try the pan-fried noodles with beef or chicken-- it's my favorite of all their dishes. The husband can certainly vouch for the Sweet & Pungent chicken, and the customer service is very friendly and personal. I love that they are so busy nowadays during the lunch time-- it's well worth the wait in my opinion.
5	Always great service and seriously the best orange chicken and orange shrimp I've ever had.
5	I love Tott's!!! It really is good food. It always has consistent flavor and food is always hot and made correctly and good! When I want Chinese food that is the place we always go. I always order the same dish, Salted Peppered Chicken! It's great for the price too! Go get some dinner!!
4	I tend not to like fusion restaurants and stick to Chinese restaurants serving authentic chinese food, Thai restaurants serving traditional thai dishes, etc.  However i decided to put that aside and try this place solely with the perspective of whether or not they server good tasting food.  I have to admit, i was very satisfied and it changed my whole way of thinking about fusion restaurants.  I ordered the Singapore noodles with shrimp/chicken xtra spicy.  It was SPICY and loved it.  Usually when i order xtra spicy, it does not even make me sweat but theirs did :)  It was very flavorful and not greasy at all.  My only complaint was it needed more vegetables to balance out with the amount of noodles which is enough for plenty of leftovers.  My wife and kids ordered the Orange chicken which is another one of my querks as to me is not authentic chinese and is under the same category as General Tso.  Again i put my peeves aside and focused on whether or not it just tasted good.  I have to admit, i think i ate more of it than my Singapore noodles.  This place taught me a lesson in my food snobbery which i need to change and follow the words of Andrew Zimmern:  "If it taste good....eat it".  Can't wait to go back and try other dishes like the crispy beef and their curry dishes.
3	Went here with a friend and our daughters.  It was good.  Not great but good.  I had the mandarin tofu & veggies.  The tofu and veggies were good.  The mandarin sauce was very bland.  I had to add soy sauce to it.  I got it with white rice and after tasting my daughters chow mein I wish I had gotten that instead.  Yumm!Kids meal is only $4 and even though they don't list Orange Chicken on it that is what they let her order.  She loved it and it wasn't spicy even though the menu indicates that it is.
5	Great value, great options and good flavor and done quickly. Don't mistake this with other fast-ish Asian places this places unique and better.Many of them items are available with tofu and veggies for `6.25-7.  Stir fry, noodles curry classics and more can be had.I tried the Singapore noodles, thin noodles with yellow curry and tofu and veggies. The flavor of the curry powder was bright and clean. The garlic sambal this place has was a great compliment. I also tried the red curry, it was very rich and tick compared to other curries and full of deep flavors. Service was fast and there was some nice patio seating in addition to the inside. Great for lunch or a fast casual dinner.
5	Tott's is awesome!I remember going to Tott's back when it first opened on McClintock and Guadalupe years ago. I ate there on their second day of being opened and I have loved the place ever since. They had to move locations due in part to a Pei Wei opening up literally 100 yards away in the same shopping center. Besides location, nothing has changed with this wonderful place. The food is really great. I would say Tott's food is like Pei Wei's except it tastes better, they have larger serving sizes, and there is a lot more choices on the menu ;) The service at this place is excellent. If you appreciate a business where they make an effort to get to know you and remember your name you will love Tott's. Pros:- Awesome service- short wait times- great food- great selection- large servings- very competitive pricesCons- not much seating
2	I give this place a 2.5 tops! How is this establishment rated so high? I had Mongolian beef that was about as good as sweet rubber and the cream cheese wonton....... Sad sad sad excuse for a cream cheese wonton. Try somewhere else first.
2	The tried and true test for Asian American restaurants like Tott's is the "fried rice test."  It's simple; are there frozen peas and carrots used in the rice?  At Tott's there are.  As far as the rest of the food, I tried two recommended dishes and the egg rolls w/ the fried rice of course.  The egg rolls are big but greasy, the other two dishes where OK, nothing special and there were the recommended dishes.For such a high ranking on Yelp I was surprised by the quality of the food.  One last note and as others have said, the quantity of food was good.
5	Awesome. Pure awesome. Food is great. Place is clean. Staff is friendly. What else do you need? We have eaten here for years (at old location too) and owner is always friendly asking about family etc and remembers your "usual". Food quality is consistent and at a high level always.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! Best place in the Valley for sure! Young, the owner and his staff are super nice and friendly! We usually get the Orange Chicken (which is made with dark meat), egg rolls and pad Thai  and it is AMAZING!! After coming here, I don't want to go to any other Chinese Restaurants. It is all reasonably priced and large portions. Thank you for such amazing food!
4	If you're in the mood for great Asian food, Tott's will satisfy that craving! Dude and his roommate used to live nearby, and this was one of their college staples. How I never went here before this year, the world will never know. Both times were take-out, never dined in. So far, we've tried . . . 1) Orange Chicken 2) Dan Dan Noodles with Beef3) Kung Pao Chicken Stir Fry The Orange Chicken is great. Much better than Panda Express, but that's no surprise. However, for those saying this is Chandler's best Orange Chicken? Sorry kids, but that title is reserved for Tokyo House's Orange Chicken on Alma School and Warner. It will blow.your.mind! The Kung Pao Chicken Stir Fry could have been a little spicier. The Dan Dan Noodles are perfect! Tender beef, and just the right amount of spice in the garlic bean sauce. Always ask for some extra cucumber. In all, this place rocks! Tott's is now on our list of go-to Chandler Asian establishments.
5	My wife and I love this place. The owner and the staff are awesome. The friendly, outgoing owner is there everyday and the quality of the food is excellent. The food is always fast, fresh and delicious. You can't go wrong eating there.
1	My goal here is a PSA to VEGETARIANS...  The menu at Totts seems to have a significant vegetarian menu, but eater beware that here, fish sauce, shrimp paste, eggs, and CHICKEN powder, is considered vegetarian.  You are best off asking for a "vegan" option.  ( I think there is only one).  I think I eventually got  the Spicy Szechuan with tofu/veggies. The portion was huge, the veggies were fresh.  It tasted ok. The restaurant is clean. The server / host staff was very nice.  The owner, I am truly disappointed in. I got there, ordered what I presumed was vegetarian (asked if sauce had shrimp/fish paste -they said no).  Afterwards, I asked if the curries had fish/shrimp paste, and she said yes, and asked if I had an issue with animal byproducts, because the dish I had ordered, has CHICKEN powder in it.  Apparently they consider Chicken powder to be vegetarian.  Fine, whatever, we have different definitions. I appreciated that the woman went back to grab my ticket / ask if I could get the dish without it / what I could get instead. Next the owner came over to me, and got really upset!  All I asked him, was to clarify what on their menu, did not have any animal byproducts.  His response was that your people come in here all the time and have different definitions of vegetarian.  This is my restaurant, and yes, here this is what I call vegetarian.  Fine, I'll agree to disagree on the definition of vegetarian, but by no means, as the owner should he have YELLED at me for inquiring what he considered to be vegetarian / what they had that did not have animal products in it.  If we had not already paid, I would have left.  So while, the place is clean, staff was nice, food was ok, the owner/GM was outright rude, and had extremely POOR customer service.  For that I go out of my way to write a review, give you a 1, and tell ALL OF MY VEGETARIAN friends to avoid your restaurant.  Thanks for the unpleasant experience.
5	Love this place! Owner and employees are super friendly and they offer a wide selection of choices. Love that they offer brown rice.
2	Had lunch with a friend here yesterday. I wanted to go somewhere besides Pei Wei for a change. Yelp reviews looked solid. The place was clean, not too crowded and the greeting was friendly. Seems they do a lot of take out but there are a good number of tables. Items are cooked to order with maybe the exception of a few things, for example the fried rice. My biggest issue was flavor. We both had a stir fry dish. Mine was the szechuan chicken and my friend had the mushroom w/veggies. The dinner portion was large but half of it was rice. Everything just lacked flavors...we hit the soy and chili sauces pretty hard to kick it up. We also had to get some plum sauce. I guess we'll keep looking for a non chain chinese restaurant...
4	From out of town on business, I was shopping for groceries and saw Tott's Asian Diner on the other side of the parking lot.  I looked it up on Yelp and saw the great ratings.  I tried the pepper chicken and was not disappointed.  I will try to make it back in the next couple of weeks to try the infamous orange chicken.
5	Food: Bourbon ChickenThis was tasty and plentiful. The chicken comes with some greens and a choice of rice. The sauce added to the flavor without drowning the rest of the ingredients. My lunch companions all enjoyed what they ordered, and the majority had leftovers to take with them.Service: OutstandingThe owner saw that a group of people had arrived, and he made sure that we could sit together, even though all six of us were ordering separately. He was very friendly to us and answered any questions we had.Atmosphere: Everything is pretty basic in terms of furnishings and design, but it has everything a restaurant of this type needs. There are umbrellas and space heaters outside.Tott's delivers on taste, comfort, and value. Check it out!
1	Everything tastes over processed. Very disappointed with the orange chicken and walnut shrimp. Will not be going back.
5	Hongkong shrimp medium spicy was probably my favorite chinese meal I have had in a very long time. I like this place. Everything is clean and the food is very fresh.  Even the diet coke was tasty. They just do things right. A real gem.  Counter service but the food comes out fast. Always very hot. Try this place you will be happy you did
5	I love small businesses and especially if they treat people well.  Tott's is a family owned place and the owner is very nice.  I haven't eaten at this place since they moved from the Guadalupe/McClintock location to the Ray/McClintock location, but I'm sure it's still great.  Hopefully the landlord is good with them and Tott's thrives here.  We'll come by some time.  I just recommended them to some people at church and they ate there today!Great food, nice ambiance, good customer service.  The Chinese food, however, does cater more to the American taste rather than the Chinese, but that's okay.
5	This was so good and cant wait to come back best orange chicken ever with chow main noodles
5	Excellent authentic, Asian dishes, and the personalized service is what brings us back!
2	I've been here 3 times. Each time getting something different and each time I have been unimpressed. The orange chicken tastes nothing like orange chick it bland. The Pad tai was really bad, I couldn't even eat half. The only reason I have 2 stars was because they are quick and the people are very nice. But sorry to say this place is nothing special. :-/
4	Good food!! I always get the chow mein noodles (lo mein) or the pork rolls. The owner is often the one taking your order at the register, great place to eat.
5	This smaller family owned place is an awesome spot to dine in or take out. They are friendly and their food is fresh. They also have lunch untill 3. The spicy island chicken is a good choice!
5	Love Totts! We come here all the time when the family gets together. They're always so accommodating and helpful! Thanks
5	Tott's Asian Diner is definitely a must try!  The restaurant is clean, service is quick and courteous.  It is so much better than Pei Wei.  The Won Ton soup is delicious and includes huge shrimps!  The pork fries rice and pork egg rolls are exceptional!!  Just as close as you can get to Chinese food in NYC.  Young, the owner is so nice and is very welcoming!  De-lish!
5	First 5 star review for me. I don't think many businesses deserve the 5 star rating because there is usually something that can be improved. Not here. Tott's is delicious, well priced, served fast and fresh.I've had a wide range of their menu items from the Thai based dishes to the Chinese dishes. Everything is great. Definitely somewhere you should go.
3	Another in a line of fast casual restaurants, Tott's is locally owned and operated.  Their food was good.  Started with pork lettuce wraps which were fair.  Continued into Dragon Noodles, which were quite spicy, but the flavors were not melded well, and the wide rice noodles absorbed the moisture quickly.The orange chicken was good.  The Kung Pao Beef was very good.  The Walnut Shrimp was probably a little too sweet for my taste.  Steamed rice was fresh, fluffy, sticky but not too sticky.Overall a fair restaurant, and if you're in the mood for fast casual Chinese in that area, I would definitely choose there rather than the other fast Chinese restaurants that are right around there, and choose Tott's over Pei Wei.
4	This is a very nice cozy Asian place. They have different dishes from Hong Kong, Thai, Singapore, China etc. The food is prepared fresh and fast. My personal favorite is Chow Mein. My first time here I asked the Chow Mein to be made a little more spicier. Little did I realize that they use chilli flakes to make it. My tongue was literally on fire and I askee them if they could do something to make it less spicy. They made an entire new dish fresh. I have been a fan of this place ever since. The staff is friendly and so is the owner.Portion sizes are typically good and your hunger pangs should be more than satisfied.
5	Fresh and tasty veggies plus lean meat with sauce that is complex and freaking awesome.  The food is amazing for Chinese, but the service will blow your mind.  The general manager came out to see how we liked our meal.  He even brought out a flower for my wife because mothers day was the next day.  For fast casual Chinese food, this rocks.
5	I went in today and got an order to go. I love this place! Friendly staff, and extremely fast!!! I hardly had time to decide what I wanted to drink, fill it and sit when they said my order was ready! The food is always delicious, veggies cooked just right, not soggy cause they're overdone or crunchy from being under cooked. I love this place! The Hong Kong with beef is my fave dish, and their portions always leave me with lunch for the next day:):) definitely worth a try!
4	Tried Tott's for the first time last night with my mom. We ordered over the phone and the guy taking our order was very friendly and polite. Picked up the food and it was waiting for us when we got there.The crab puffs were a little heavy and greasy for our taste. The egg drop soup was delicious - lots of egg! The chow mein also had a lot of vegetables, which I loved! The orange chicken was okay; a little soggy. My mom liked the beef and broccoli, but didn't really have anything to say about it (pretty average). Portion sizes were great and I had my leftovers for lunch today. I would order from here again, especially for the mein!
4	I've been here twice now.  The first time, I ate in and had the pan-fried noodle, which I was hoping would be like that of OB Noodle House in San Diego.  But it wasn't quite the same.  It will do as an Arizona substitute though.  The second time, I ordered to go.  Orange shrimp.  I couldn't decide between it and the Singapore Rice Noodle plate, but ended up going with Orange Shrimp.  The sauce was pretty sweet, but the shrimp was crispy and not too spicy.  The chow mein was decent too, but not many veggies.  The Spring Rolls were pretty good - nice and crispy.  So my only complaint on this visit was the lack of veggies in the chow mein.My order was ready quickly and the staff was nice.  Another good spot nearby is Wang's Delight which is diagonal across the Ray/McClintock intersection.
4	Main points:-Similar to Pei Wei, food from different Asian regions -Order/pay at front & "family style" portions - easy for groups -Focus on the food rather than ambianceReview:I was originally drawn to this restaurant because of the variety of food they offer.  I was able to order Singapore Curry, Dragon Noodles (most like Thai), Malaysian Curry, and Spicy Island Chicken all under the same roof and they were all uniquely flavored and tasty.  At many places when a dish has a little red chili next to it indicating spice, it isn't really spicy but these dishes definitely had a kick to them, yum.  The reason I give this place 4 stars is because the venue itself doesn't have much appeal although it is clean, and the food was a bit on the salty side.  However, the large portions, great variety, and overall tasty food make this place a great choice for your next group get together.
5	Best salted pepper chicken hands down! It's hard to find a place that has salted pepper chicken on the menu in AZ. This is it! I love love love the cripsy chicken and it goes perfect with fried rice or chow mein. Swtich it up once in a while and get Orange chicken, but salted pepper is my favorite here! DELISH!
5	When I read others reviews who compared Tott's to Pei Wei I was skeptical about what I might be getting. I was pleasantly surprised that Tott's doesn't even compare to Pei Wei. It is soo much better. The food was outstanding. I love Chinese food and after living in the valley for almost 16 years I've finally found my favorite spot.
5	After walking into two different Asian restaurants at ten minutes to 9pm (their closing time) and being denied a sit down meal, we took a third chance and walked into Tott's.  The owner was extremely accommodating and allowed us to sit on the patio and eat on real plates versus to-go's and told us he'd be there cleaning and finalizing some things and to take our time.  I am in sales and have a keen sense of customer service and was thrilled to learn that Tott's Asian Diner not only delivers fresh, great tasting food, but exceptional service too.  Keep up the great work!  We will definitely be back!
2	Not great. Food was below average
2	Wanted to love this place.... Fast, close to home, and great Yelp reviews.  Alas, it was not to be...Got the Red Curry lunch with veggies, tofu, and brown rice. They had a great variety of veggies and they were cooked perfectly. Not limp, crispy without being too raw. Brown rice was perfectly cooked as well. Trouble was the curry. There was a layer of sauce on the veggies, as opposed to it swimming in curry. Which would have been fine except that there was a gritty texture, no silky coconut milk, no hint of fish sauce, and NO FLAVOR. There was not even a hint of heat, nor any other discernible spice notes. When has a curry ever been bland? I'm the wrong person to ask. I guess.I also tried the chicken pot stickers. They wrappers had a weird texture, the filling was super bland, and the sauce they came with was just thin, sweet, and totally forgettable. Decor was inviting, it seemed clean, and the staff seemed fine (ordered carry out, my order was waiting for me when I got there, both the guy on the phone and the gal on the register seemed competent & friendly-ish)...I may be back the next time my son bugs me for Pei Wei. :)
2	Tried the stir fry crispy beef and the spicy island chicken. The beef reminds of Peking beef drenched in sweet spicy sauce. The chicken tastes horrible, dry and flavorless. I wouldn't even call this real Chinese food
5	get the sweet and pungent shrimp it is hands down the best menu item. my only regret is that there isn't another location for this business near Gilbert / Queen Creek where I live because I would eat there daily.
4	Consistently good!!My husband suggested this place for dinner last week. Our picky daughter however wasn't having it. I thought about eating eating here for a whole week and finally bribed my child with fortune cookies and went there for lunch today. I always order the same thing, pan fried noodles with shrimp (spicy). The vegetables and shrimp were cooked perfectly as usual. It is a lot of food, but it is hard not to eat the whole thing. My picky daughter actually enjoyed her chicken teriyaki with noodles. She ate most of it and of course finished with two fortune cookies.The place has always been clean and the service friendly. I just wish they would bring all our meals out at the same time rather than one at a time.
3	The hubby and I went back here after a long absence and I was surprised to see the menu had changed quite a bit. I always felt like they were trying to copy Pei Wei but now they offer some different choices. I picked one that sounded good and to my surprise the person taking my order informed me that the sauce was a bit bland and in a round about way suggested that I order something else. I said I liked spicy so he suggested the Kung Pao chicken. This ended up being pretty bland and flavorless so I can't image how bad the other dish would have been.At the time we went (around 8pm on a Thursday) it was pretty dirty and service was not that great. I do believe that their food is somewhat healthier than some other places so if I was in the mood for some fast food Chinese then I would return. However, I really don't get why some Yelpers seem to think this place is all that.
5	Always love this place The food is always tasty here love the panfried rice noodles Hong Kong style! The restaurant is always kept well clean and friendly folks that will help you decide on your order. The Kung pao chicken and my spring rolls were delicious!
4	Good food. Clean environment. I had the chicken panang curry with brown rice. Quantity was good for 2 people. Right spice level for me and tasted just right.
3	The food is good quality and the place is clean, making this a good spot for a 30 minute lunch.  While the food is actually pretty good I have a hard time over 3 stars because all of the dishes come out having very similar texture.  Every dish I tried had the standard americanized thick sweet sauce, so every item came out similar.  When you are in the mood for that style Chinese food, you should go here, but don't expect anything more.
5	This is the very best place to get Singapore Rice noodles!  All the dishes are amazing but the Chinese here is the best. It isn't bland and greasy like most places. Totts is clean and the staff is super sweet. Would recommend!
4	Food is good. Portions are good size and prices are reasonable.  Staff is friendly and service was prompt.
5	The staff here is friendly and helpful with fantastic food. The portions are extremely filling and tasty. I am a huge fan of their Lo Mein, it is fantastic. Their fried pork egg rolls are huge and is a meal all by itself. The food comes quickly and inside it is very clean and tidy. Excellent tasting fried rice and their tofu is amazing. I am not a fan of tofu, but the way they cook it I will find myself ordering the Hot Korean or Spicy Szechuan with Tofu instead of chicken or beef. Well worth your time and money. The owner is usually there to greet you and asks how your meal was and how your day is going.
4	Huge fan of this place, great food, great portion sizes, and great lunch specials.  It's close to work, so this may be trouble!
4	It's been a long time since my wife and I darkened the door of Totts. The prior couple of times we visited, the food was greasy and unimpressive. Having a jones for Chinese today, we decided to give it another shot for lunch. To our surprise, the line was out the door! Good sign. We had the Hong Kong with noodles, and the orange chicken. Both very good, with large portions, and competitive prices. Service was fast and you could tell the people cared.I'm glad we gave this place another try. Looking forward to having this back on the list of places we regularly visit.
4	Great price, good location, quick service. The food is just what I expected. No surprises. I LOVE that! Pictures on the menu are also nice so there is no doubt what you're ordering.
4	Happily surprised!   The food was fast and fresh. The service was GREAT!   The owner knows quite a few people by name and greets them as they come in.  Everyone that works the counter is very nice, didn't expect this level of service.   We will be back!
3	Good neo-Asian food and serviceStopped in when we were nearby, hungry, and saw Tott's has a great rating on Yelp!.  Nice restaurant with a good pace of customers and very pleasant staff.  Dessert options were a step above the norm at a small diner like this, which is useful when you have little ones like my wife and I.Food is good, but not great to my tastes.  The Hot Korean is semi-spicy and would do better with bamboo versus the carrots and more chili pepper.  My wife had the Pepper Chicken (name?) and thought it was tasty enough, but some pieces were warm while others were cool.  Dumplings are not meaty and are more veggie... and the sauce is a sweet vinegar thing that doesn't give much appreciable flavor.  Our daughters thought the Terriyaki Chicken was too dry to finish.Pumpkin Roll was yummy.  Almond Cookie Cheesecake was left half-eaten as my wife said it tasted more like orange mixed with cheesecake.  I took a bite and have to agree.
3	This was the second time that we have eaten at this restaurant. I've been looking forward to returning since our first visit because we all thought that the food and service was great. Unfortunately our experience tonight was less than satisfactory. When we arrived there was only one other table eating so I don't think that our experience had anything to do with it being a busy night. We ordered chicken lettuce wraps, sesame chicken, orange chicken and chow mien. The sauce for the sesame chicken was overly gelatinous and the chicken was over breaded and soggy.   I didn't taste any orange in the orange chicken in fact, if I had closed my eyes, I would not be able to tell which was orange chicken and which was sesame chicken.  All of the dishes were sweet and none of them had stand out flavors. I guess they use the same sauce in every dish?  The chicken lettuce wraps would have been the best item of the night IF totts provided enough lettuce cups in the order. Standard order serves 4 lettuce cups. We asked for more cups and were told that they charged 2.50 for 4 more lettuce cups. We're talking iceberg lettuce, come on. I always ask for extra lettuce cups whenever I order lettuce wraps and I've never been charged.  My daughter found a bone in her chicken. When we were finished eating, my husband went up to the counter and told the woman who was up front about the bone. Her only response was "Oh, okay."  He came back to the table and rethought what happened and Went back up to the counter to ask to speak with the manager. The cashier said the girl he just spoke to was the assistant manager.  The assistant manager asked if she could help him. My husband stated that he was surprised at the way she handled the bone issue. She told him that they receive all of their chicken prepped so it wasn't the fault of the restaurant. My husband said that all he really wanted was an apology and recognition that there shouldn't be bone fragments in their food. She did apologize at that point and did comp the one dishWhich was nice of her. We all agreed that the food and service did not meet our expectations.  Not sure if our first experience was lucky or if this was just a bad night. Unfortunately we probably won't be back anytime soon.
5	Really good fresh Asian food.  Very generous portions for a great price. They will customize your order with no issue. I will be back again!
4	I love this place. When I asked for spicy food they gave it and then watched to see my reaction. Well, I needed some water or coconut milk to tame the spice and asked for it. They happily obliged and we all laughed about it! The owner came to our table to see how we were doing and stayed to chat. The food is great. Such diversity and Asian styles to choose from! They take care of their customers and serve good food!
