3	I like the convenient location of Creative Nails & Tan since I'm always in the area.  The service here is pretty quick and I've never had to wait to be seated.  Their prices are about average.  You can get a mani/pedi for $30 which seems reasonable to me.  They have around 8 pedi chairs and just a few manicure tables.  Their facility seems very clean.  The language barrier kind of prevents the full royal treatment but they're always friendly and accomodating.I stopped in on Friday for a pedicure.  As soon as I walked in they got my chair ready and sat me down.  The lady who did my toes did a good job and they looked great when she was finished.  We messed up my big toe a little when we were putting on my flip flops but she repaired it right away and it looked good as new.  While this might not be my top recommendation for a girls day spa treatment, it's definitely a decent place to go if you need a quick spruce up.
1	Short version: Not-too-clean nail-butchers. I had a mani pedi. The pedi person cut a nail too short and pulled it off, tearing the quick so that I screamed out loud--then instead of using disinfectant, had me plunge my wounded foot into the water! I think I have picked up a fungus in that corner. The polish wore well but there was no elegance to the shaping. She didn't take off all the old polish in the corners before she repainted.The mani person systematically gouged the surface and edges of my fingernails with a very coarse board (suitable for shortening thick toenails), creating deep weak areas, so that almost all of them broke off near the base within a week. Then as the gouges grow out, the nails continue to break off in wierd inverse scoops (i.e. with points at the edges). I have really strong nails and rarely have a break no matter how I abuse them, but these people have discovered how to WRECK HEALTHY NAILS. Probably sells them a lot of nail extensions. I ended up buying nail equipment, doing a lot of self-care, and short, piano player nails from my beautiful NY-toned medium length ones.And oh yeah, the cuticle nippers were dull and she was pulling up on the cuticle with each nip, separating the nail and nailbed (which introduces infection) and causing numerous hangnails to develop by the time their cheap glue had dried. It hurt. And I got nail base infections by the third day I had to treat for days with Neosporin and even band-aids. I've had mani pedi in NYC and they use disinfectant between each stage of the process. These guys don't use any disinfectant that I could tell, and they make you buy a bag of supplies but they didn't use those supplies, they used others which appeared to be in common use. The board of health should close them down. I wonder if the bagged items, supposedly used only on you, are actually leftovers from some other stage of the process. Because mine did seem used.As for their "technique", they did a French polish by (1) gouging the nail surface horribly, (2) applying a thick glue which won't come off after 6 weeks and several remover attempts, (3) painting the white ON TOP of the tip (it should be under the nail). It looked cheap, the tips were chipped within a day, and the pink came off shortly after. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.
1	I had just moved to Charlotte and needed to find a place to take off my shellac and pamper myself with a pedicure.I saw a special for mani and pedi for $35 and thought, okay. Boy, was I in for a disappointment! The person who attended me was older.... And I just had an inkling that I would not get a good mani/pedi. First, she did my toe nails, which was not so bad (from where I was sitting).  I didn't know I had to bring my own set of supplies, which she charged me for.I had shellac done previously and needed it removed. The lady had actually used a rough nail filer to rid of the shellac, and it was painful :( !  I was kind enough to tell her that my friend had told me a remedy to remove it with cotton ball soaked in acetone and wrapped with foil paper (and mind you, I spoke in my broken Vietnamese - so I KNOW she understood me). But she just nodded and proceeded to file away. I was furious inside and I was shocked she just ignored my comment. My husband was with me and had to wait ahead of time. After my mani was filed away, she asked me promptly to pay, BEFORE I had gotten my nail polish painted on. I told her that my husband will pay for it and he waited until I was done. I thought to myself, how.... weird and rude.So after I had paid for our services, I came home to find what I had been preparing myself for. The elder lady did a terrible job on my nails.  There were spaces between the cuticle and nail polish on both feet and hands AND you could see part of the indentions in the nails that she scrubbed hard on! My poor nails :( I knew my fingernails needed a long time to heal..This happened last year, and I have been jaded in going to any nail salons, til this year. Both places have discouraged me from going to any other places.
4	I used to come here in college, but hadn't been since I graduated (and moved off campus and across town). Now that I'm in the area again, I decided to check Creative out once more. I got a quality manicure, pedicure and brow wax for under $35, which I think is a steal in this neighborhood. The shop is clean and the decor is really cozy and inviting. I like how you get a nail board and file to take home at the end of the manicure- it's nice to be able to do small touch-ups at home. Creative is one of those places where you get what you pay for, not super-flashy/trendy, so I'm not sure how they are at nail art or if they do airbrushing/shellac/crazy nail art but I'm willing to give them a shot if they do.
5	Absolutely love this place.  First, the ladies are incredibly sweet and second, they do great work.  I have been going to this nail salon for years and can't say enough good things about them!  If I have friends in town or I am asked for suggestions on where to get nails done, I definitely send them to Creative Nails.  I have never used their tanning services so I can't review that service, but their manicures and pedicures are top notch...best part, the prices are totally reasonable.
