3	Hanover Health store is just off Prince's Street on Hanover Street, and being a bit of an organic product enthusiast, I've taken a liking to them. Do be sure to pay attention when looking for this store, and avoid walking up and down the street aimlessly like I did the first time. It's somewhat at basement level, and with all the other more attention grabbing stores in the vicinity as well as the distracting traffic it's easy to miss. Thankfully the store's exterior is painted a bright green, so that's something to look out for. What I like the most about this store is that they order items not currently in stock for you, and mine arrived in Edinburgh a mere day and half after it was ordered! They sell a variety of organic diet supplements, body products and oils, and healthy snacks including a large range of nuts. One thing I will fault them for is a lack of some customer flexibility; being a bit tardy at times, I've shown up at this store a mere minute past closing time twice, and was actually turned back the last time despite somewhat desperate begging and puppy dog eyes. So be warned: show up on time!
4	One thing that Edinburgh has no shortage off is health food/vitamin shops and Hanover Health Foods has rivals such as Napiers, Holland & Barratt, Jan De Vries, Julian Graves, Real Foods and countless other shops that have healthy products at top of their agenda.What makes Hanover stand out are the friendly staff who are very knowledgeable about all the products and very approachable too. So whether it's herbal teas, remedies, beauty products of organic foods you're looking for, you're in good company here.
3	Hanover Health store is one of my favorites for Edinburgh health food stores. I usually stop here before the others just because it comes off as a family or small business owned and I prefer that over the large industry chains. Small little shop but has a decent variety in it. I stop in to buy the green tea they sell, I quite fancy my green tea. I usually dont spend a lot of time in here so this review wont be long. But the staff is usually real friendly and will be more then happy to help you out.  Unfortunately they no longer honor the Yelp 5% discount which I thought is kind of dumb because thats how to attract customers even though its advertised. But other then that little gripe if your on or near princes st stop in and see if you need anything healthy to take home, especially that Vitamin D that doesnt really exist during the scottish winter or fall or spring and sometimes summer :D
