5	I heard about this medical practice because it's right by my work and it's where my father goes. I've been here twice now and I love my doctor. She's very kind and professional and walks you through the exams so you don't feel uncomfortable. They're very good about getting you in same day in case you need an appt ASAP. Their entire staff is friendly. I would recommend this practice to any and all my friends. The only thing is that they charge a $60 administrative fee that they're very clear about on their website and up front on your first visit. This fee accounts for paperwork and the convenience of being able to schedule same day appointments. Several people from my work also go to this practice and have nothing but nice things to say about it. Don't let $60 dissuade you from amazing health care!
4	I just recently moved out of Arizona, but I went to Lifescape for three or four years, I believe.  I found them because Dr. Pozun was listed as a Top Doctor in Phoenix Magazine back when I was looking for a new doctor.  Dr. Pozun is great, one of the better doctors I've had. When she went on maternity leave, I started seeing Dr. Valderhaug instead who is hands down the best doctor I've ever had.  After years of begging doctors to help me find a solution to a medical issue, Dr. Valderhaug was like a breath of fresh air.  She actually listened and made a plan to try several different things that other doctors had never even mentioned.  I also love that Dr. Valderhaug isn't one of those doctors that holds back on tests or prescriptions when you really need them.  I actually hugged her at my last appointment because I've had such a good experience with her!  Very highly recommended.  Also, she has an impressive professional background, as shown on the Lifescape website.  The Lifescape office is nice, and they have their own lab, also nice.  (This is a big deal for me; there's something unsettling about a medical practice with older, outdated furniture and decor; just doesn't seem clean.)  The only reason I give them four stars instead of five is the staff.  They seem to have a very high turnover rate with MAs, and I've never been particularly impressed with any of them.  Many over the years just seemed like they had no idea what they were doing.  Others don't return phone calls promptly.  One of the women at the front desk is overwhelmingly friendly (what is she on? I want some!) but the other front desk staff are generally unfriendly if not rude.  And unlike what the other reviewer said, I have not been able to get same-day appointments.  However, because I've been so pleased with the doctors here, it was worth putting up with the rest of the staff.  As I wrote earlier, very much recommended.
5	Have been going to this Medical facility for around 5 years now, and I am so very pleased with all their Doctors, and Staff, and the facility's are clean and very comfortable, they are very accomodating to your needs, I have not one thing bad to say about this facility, I was told that all these Doctors, are former Mayo Doctors, don't know if that is true, but I would say just as good as Mayo, since I have been to their facility also.  You do pay a yearly fee of $60.00, on top of your co-pay, but totally worth every penney !
5	I've been going for about a year now and I'm very impressed. They are indeed previously trained Mayo docotors and PA's. In fact, they've designed the exam rooms exactly as they are at Mayo, which is nice.The staff is nice, friendly and they always call with results. The waiting room is so relaxing and clean. I wish I had found this place years ago!
4	I have been a patient of this practice for over 5 years now.  I have seen all the doctors.  I used to be a patient of Dr. Wilder, however she is only taking care of "Concierge" patients only.  Since I didn't want to pay thousands of dollars a year for this service, I had to request another Dr. as my main one.  I love Dr. Suedekum, she is great.  Very easy going and accommodating.  I did a couple of rounds of Hcg there and your will receive great personalized treatment from Kim.  The women at the front desk are very nice, but  I will miss Josh forever.
1	My entire immediate family (4 of us), my parents, my Grandma, my sister and several friends all see Dr's at Lifescape for the last 10 years.  They have in the past been amazing, some of the smartest, kindest, trustworthy doctors.  However, since October of last year(2012) something has gone terribly wrong with the practice. My 6 year old daughter had some serious medical issues and no one at the office would return any of my phone calls (Strohman).  My mother was just hospitalized and same thing happened to her (Valderhaug) where no one could be reached and phone calls were not returned.  What kind of Doctor's office does that? The PA (Norm) also has misdiagnosed my mother a few years ago and caused her many months of suffering.  The trustworthy part of their practice is gone, and in my opinion that is the most important part of a patient-doctor relationship.  Keep looking for a doctor, you might get amazing care here during your appointments but left high and dry when something important is going on.
1	I started with lifescape medical almost 5 yrs ago after selecting Dr.  Laurie Pozun DO.II requested a meet & greet to see if Dr.  Pozun & I would mesh as Dr.  & patient.  Anyway, loved the office aesthetics,  clean, well maintained,  nice appearance. First thing in the door there is a $60.00 annual membership fee for the privilege of seeing any of their Dr's which is out of your pocket and NOT billable nor reimbursable by insurance.   I am almost 60 yrs old & have been to Dr's all over & have never been billed such a fee.  The next problem is the help or staff, never, NEVER, return your calls.I have to keep calling & calling& leave messages because the don't answer the phone either. Next issue, the help or staff at lifescape medical has turned over so many timesIn the last 5 years, you never know who to call or talk to in the nursing dept. NOT TO MENTION, I have NEVER been seen by an RN prior to the Dr.seeing me THOU THIS NURSE ( LN ) once told me to cut a medication in half & Dr. Pozun was OUTRAGED. NEXT issue, at check out::  You can only schedule your next appointment 30 days out. If you need to see the Dr. In 3 or 6 month u need to call the office 30 days before you want to be seen.  I don't know why the turnover of employees, not sure what kind of doctor's practice won't let schedule appointments beyond 30 days & that fee of $60.00Is NOT helping keep my medical bills low as that charge is RIDICULOUS AND NOT CHARGED BY OTHER PRIMARY CARE DOCTORS IN THE VALLEY.  In my opinion, this practice is going backwards OR has growing pains. I have VERY HIGH praise for moura at the front desk, her smile, willingness to assist you and her professionalism are bar non OUTSTANDING.  As for Dr. Pozun, I would follow her to the moon and back, I TRUST her as my Dr.  and she has always treated me with my best interest at heart.  She even returned my call when I was admitted to Scottsdale hospital undergoing major surgery.
5	Best medical office I've ever been to i the Valley. I cannot praise Dr. Suedekum enough, she is simply amazing. I have a hard time paying the admin fee but they work with you. The personal service and attention they offer is worth the admin fee alone. I highly recommend becoming a patient of this great practice.
1	New patient. My appt was at 11am with Dr. Valderhaug, and 45 min later still not seen. No one even checked in on me until my hubby had to say something. Nine patients checked in after me and were seen within 15 min. So far, not a good experience here...Having 2nd thoughts about this place.
5	Well after finally being seen, I had to update my rating from a 1-star to a 4-star. The medical assistant Desiree was very pleasant and provided an explanation (and an apology ) for running so late. Dr. Valderhaug also apologized upon entering the exam room, and boy was I glad I stayed for my appt! Basically I just downloaded my health history problems & concerns and am eager to get started on my path to wellness! Dr Valderhaug was a great listener, and was very sympathetic to my health issues. She offered advice in layman's terms and even printed up the information we talked about! Nice! After being seen, I am even more enthusiastic about Lifescape Medical Associates, and am looking forward to getting my health and overall well-being on the right track!
1	Here we go again, I called the medical assistant (MA, not RN or LN, per front desk) around 7/02/2014 for scripts AND order from Dr. To send me blood work she wants for my appointment in aug 04, 2014.Today july 24, 2014, have not yet rcvd. Blood work order and called office to find that this (MA) Medical assistant NO LONGER WORK AT LIFESCAPE MEDICAL and we still don't have the blood work order from our Dr. Enabling me to go over the results with our dr.NOTHING HAS CHANGED AT LIFESCAPE MEDICAL since my original post a year ago july of 2013, PLEASE RED MY POST FROM THAT DATE.I give them a (one) 1 star, this is OUTRAGEOUS!
1	I had thought Lifescape provided excellent medical care. At least that is what my neighbor told me.  I paid $3000.00 to see Dr. Valderhaug as a concierge patient. I was told that this was for 1 year of personalized  care. NOT the case. I saw her once for a long "meet and greet", and than had one visit. I was ill, with some unknown GI issue. I called numerous times, and was referred to an ER. I was told by my doctor to check the waiting times on the computer to see which ER had the shortest wait times. Dr. V had no hospital privileges. Very nice person, but handing out other doctors business cards, and selling me dietary Supplements and Probiotics was about it.  I now have excellent doctors that don't charge me for referrals. Yes, Lifescape did refund my $3000 after I asked them to. But, they wanted $129.00 for my visit with Dr. Valderhaug. I paid them for that. I am seeing a wonderful primary care physician now, who gives me any and all referrals for free. This place is a joke.If you are a healthy person, with NO health problems Lifescape is for you.
2	After searching for a primary care doctor since moving to the area, I stumbled upon Lifescape Medical.  I learned about their $60 annual fee and decided I was fine with it for the additional services they provided (one being, "near same day appointments with first available provider").  Unfortunately, only one doctor was taking new patients with my insurance and the first available appointment was over 5 weeks out.  The woman I spoke with on the phone was very nice and explained that only after my initial "new patient" visit could I expect the "near same day" service.  I would have been fine with 1 or 2 weeks, but couldn't move forward on the appointment without really knowing if this would be the norm.
4	I am not a big fan of going to the doctor. I mean, who really wants to sit around in a waiting room when you are miserable/sick and then be surrounded by other miserable/sick folks? I would much rather suffer alone, in bed, with Netflix and blankets. However, that was not an option and I grudgingly researched local doctors. I chose this place based on location - it is close to work and home. They also take my insurance, another big factor. Their website provides all the new patient forms, so you can fill out prior to arriving. Upon arriving, I checked in, handed over my paperwork and insurance info and sat down to wait. They do have a mandatory $60 maintenance fee - this covers administration fees and the like. This is the first doctor's office I have been to that does that. You have to pay this fee once a year, for as long as you are a patient. I honestly didn't wait too long and was called back by a nurse. She took my weight, blood pressure, etc. The doctor arrived shortly after that. I was given a prescription and was out the door. Overall, it wasn't a bad experience. I felt comfortable while I was there and everyone was nice and friendly. If I need to see the doctor again anytime soon, I will go back here.
2	I selected this practice due to the great reviews. I just wanted a simple physical. Because I could not afford the $3,000+/year concierge service, I accepted referral to another doctor.  No problem, only I first had to meet twice with a PA (Norm?) before I could even see her. So this PA orders over $1,000 worth of blood tests and when I return to review them:  #1 - the guy is completely unfamiliar with my results or me#2 - cannot interpret the results other than the summaries already written on them#3 - cannot even field simple questions about what the tests were or some of the results!Honestly, I was wondering if this guy ever even took a science class, it was THAT embarrassing. And just to be clear, I was VERY nice & patient with him, since I figured I'd eventually see this dcotor anyway. The visit resumes with this guy recommending several hundred dollars worth of hcg for me!  Yes, they are peddling hcg! I then finally got to see the doctor and a nutriitionist, and guess what - they are recommending hcg too!   I'm not sure how a licensed doctor or nutritionist becomes an hcg salesperson, but OK. That made me remember how many people had come in to buy products during the 3 separate times I waited for 2 dr. visits & blood tests. I do not mind pricy blood tests & will tolerate a clueless PA, but at the end of all this I smply wanted a good licensed physician to give me sound medical advice, so I was VERY disappointed that my experience made me feel more like a sales prospect than a patient. Even worse, my O.B. took me off everything Lifescape recommended since it was all considered risky and without proven, long-term health benefits.  Even better, I brought her thise blood tests & I had NOTHING WRONG! I hope others have a better experience than I did.
