5	How many people can seriously say they love going to their dentist? I CAN!!! Dr. Brittain and his amazing staff are tops! They are friendly, very well organized (great follow-up and reminder calls!), tell you everything that they are doing, recommend, and don't recommend. For example, when I asked about whitening my teeth for my wedding, they didn't sell me something way over my budget, the recommended something that worked for me. AND they sent me a Thank You card for sending a referral to their practice. Not just a form letter or something, a hand written, thoughtful note! Old school and awesome!
1	I wish I could give 0 stars.  I had a HORRIBLE experience.  I found this location due to a Groupon purchase which was for a Cleaning, X-Rays and an inspection.  All they did were the X-Rays and the inspection and it was suddenly, "we refuse to do the cleaning until you pay $400 to have 2 more deep cleanings done."  They also found some fillings which they also said they refuse to fix until I have paid the $400 upfront fee for the 2 deep cleanings.  If you look up bait and switch in the dictionary, you will see this business in the description.  They will upsell you and that is all that they care about doing.  If you have deep pockets and don't care how much you pay for oral care, by all means, but if you are a family on a budget, I would stay FAR away from this office and this doctor.
5	Ya know going to the dentist can be intimidating, but I have to say, MY DENTIST Dr. Bradley Brittain, makes it a positive experience. He will explain his treatment plan and YOU take it from there. Our family sees him on a regular basis and we have great dental care.  It's a very happy office.  The staff know their patients who are always greeted by name,  We like it there.
5	From the moment I walked into the lobby the staff displayed a level of professionalism that you don't get to see everyday. Each staff member that I came into contact with gave me a handshake and said, "Welcome to our business". I don't normally enjoy going to the dentist, but this has been the complete opposite. They made me feel very comfortable and confident that I was going to be happy with my experience, and I was!  So I set up an appointment for my 9 year old son on the way out. Since then we have both been in to have work done. My son need one filling and he took it very well, then trotted off to school like nothing ever happened. I started with a deep cleaning from Bobbie Lynn Tucker , RDH.  She was very nice and personable, did a wonderful job cleaning my teeth, not to mention gentle. I was never in any pain either during or after the procedure.  My following visit was with Dr. Brittian, DDS.  I needed a few fillings and I am very pleased with his work. Again gentle and quick.  My teeth look beautiful and feel wonderful. They were great with explaining all the costs and have cool perks like a Rewards Program.  I also liked the glass back wall that gives the patient a private calm view of the outdoors. The flat screens are cool too, but my only complaint is that when I asked quite seriously if they could change the channel, ( I dislike sport shows a lot) they were not going to budge. That might be something they want to work out. Other than that I really would recommend  them to everyone.
4	After having not so pleasant experience with another dental office that has multiple locations, I was not looking forward to finding a new dentist. HOWEVER, my first impression was a good one, the receptionist was very friendly and I was seen not long after I arrived.  I was greeted by everyone who came in contact with me, in a friendly manner.   Dr. Brittian was very thorough and I even found out that I didn't need all the expensive dental work the "other dentist" told me I needed!!   I will definitely recommend him.
5	The staff at Dentistry of Old Town Scottsdale are incredibly friendly and extremely helpful. I have never felt as welcome in any business establishment as I do in Dr. Brittain's office. Dr. Brittain not only does excellent dental work but he is fast and thorough. He explains everything beforehand so there are no surprises. I have been a customer for 1.5 yrs and I have never waited more than a couple minutes to be seen (even when I'm early). I have struggled with teeth sensitivity all my life. Previous dentists have promised results and their promises were always met with failure. While I'm not out of the woods yet, for the first time ever, I was able to handle the air in my mouth! I have been able to drink my first bottle of cold water and even eat food straight out of the frig! Dr. Brittain and his staff have been extremely patient and have gone above and beyond what any other dentist has tried. They did not give up on me! In addition, their billing has been wonderful. With other dentists, I would go through the coverage process, only to be met with a bill that I didn't expect after the work was completed. This is not the case with Dr. Brittain's office. They explain the costs up front and the only surprises I have received are credits when the insurance covered work that I anticipated paying for. Excellent service, excellent staff, excellent experiences. Dentistry of Old Town Scottsdale has my vote!
5	Dr Brad and the girls are amazing. A wonderful staff... I recently had my wisdom teeth pulled and while it was awful.... Dr Brad and his staff made it not so bad. They even called to check on how I was doing. Will I be going back? Absolutely. Will I take my son there... Absolutely... and I will refer my friends, family and coworkers as well.... Good doctors are hard to come by, great doctors are even harder.. Doctor Brad is definitely one of the best by far! Gotta love Dallas and Liz and the rest of the girls too.. Love, love, LOVE this office!!!!!!!
5	My family has been going to Dr. Brittan for 10 years.  He is an excellent dentist and can handle any situation you can throw at him.
5	Thank you Groupon for leading me to Dr. Brittain and his friendly, helpful staff. They take the time to explain procedures and really make you feel welcomed. No complaints from me. Make an appointment today!
5	I am the kind of person who likes to find a business and stay loyal, if they earn your trust and respect.  The relationship with your doctor or dentist is best when it's long-term and you feel comfortable.  I was fortunate enough to find Dentistry of Old Town Scottsdale when I first moved in Arizona in 2008 and I have been going there ever since.  I've changed eye doctors, primary care physicians, and hair stylists over and over, but even when I've moved farther away, I have continued to go back to see Dr. Brittain and his staff.  They are warm, friendly, welcoming, and caring.  My semi-annual check-up is like a visit to see the family.  The experience is pleasant, you never real rushed, they go above and beyond so that you understand costs and steps in whatever procedure they're doing, and always make you feel like you are their favorite client.  I would recommend them to anyone without hesitation.
2	My kid's visit was overcharged.  They have charged two "items" that weren't performed.  2 of the 4 sealants came off in 3 months, so I have visited another dentist to redo the procedure on my kid.  I used this office because of all the positive ratings on Yelp but our experience was nothing like it.
5	I love this place! Doc and his staff are so helpful and friendly! I've been going here for a little over 2 years now and have never had a problem. I recommend dentistry of old town Scottsdale to anyone needing to see a dentist! They are great and really know what they are doing.
5	Really nice people.  I initially went because I had a coupon for a cheap cleaning.  I don't have dental insurance so I am always looking for a deal! Service was top notch!  Last week, I had a tooth break on me (a baby tooth, my perm tooth never came in).  They extracted the tooth for me.  The staff made sure I was comfortable and i felt zero pain.  They called to check up on me the next day as well.  I was even able to use the yelp deal to bring the cost down.  Super nice people! Great service!
5	Excellent customer service and friendly, knowledgeable staff! I've been coming here for over 5 years and have always received superior dental treatment. I was worried about finding a new dentist when I first moved to Arizona. Thankfully, Old Town Dentistry accepts several dental plans, including the Aetna Vital Savings Plan that is so "generously" provided to ASU graduate students. While I wish ASU provided full dental coverage, I have still been able to receive excellent dental care thanks to Old Town Dentistry. I appreciate that Doc. Brittain and his staff take a conservative approach and never pressure me for unnecessary dental work. They have always informed me of all my options and offered preventive steps as a first course of action rather than jumping to more costly treatments. Just one example of how the team here go above and beyond: every time I visit, the staff ask how I'm doing and what's new in my life. When Doc. Brittain found out that I was engaged and planning my wedding, he offered to bring both my husband and I in for a complimentary teeth whitening - what a thoughtful and generous pre-wedding gift!Check out Old Town Dentistry - you'll be glad you did! And say, "Hi" to Dallas at the front desk - she's fantastic!
1	SUCH a bad experience today!  In the past, the worst that happened, were the ditzy receptionists that called to ask for my payment again.  After I signed a receipt and my insurance covered the rest.  I'd have to call them back and have them double check their records. Yup. Paid.  Today was another level of unprofessional and money needy!  I'm never going back.I chipped a tooth while snacking on corn nuts like a loser.  Whatever, I have  dentist, so let's just fix it right? So I called Dentistry of Old Town, they said if I made it there by 4:30pm, I could get in.  I told them my private insurance is currently getting reinstated, but I'll pay cash.  It just needs to get fixed so I can go to work tomorrow without half a tooth. Easy, right?  So, I race from 5 hours away from my drive home after visiting family in NV and made it before 4:30pm. After waiting, they took me back and it took them 45 minutes to figure out how I payment works.  After getting the estimate, x-rays, and payment sorted out, they told me I had to leave and come back tomorrow ... The receptionists were useless.  Dr. Bradley was in the room next to me working on someone else.  They don't open until 8am and I needed to be at work with a tooth by 7:30am and they knew this at noon when I made the appointment.  This place is disappointing and everybody who works there is useless.  Don't waste your time and 4 times what you should be paying! It's not worth all the stupidity, poor communication and paying the same bill 10 times.  On a happy note, I found a non fake dentist who accepts payment plans and stays 30 minutes past his "clock out time" for costumer service and to make an extra 1k. The receptionists didn't giggle and knew where they were too, so that was refreshing :)
