5	I had a coupon for a free iced or hot coffee (12 oz) from the Entertainment Book of coupons sold at my daughter's school. Free coffee - no strings attached.The iced kona coffee was delicious~! ...smoothe and mellow but rich at the same time.The woman taking my order was friendly and the atmosphere was soothing - Hawaiian melodic instrumental and vocal music ... like Israel Kamakawiwoole, Robert Cazimero, and Keali'i Reichel.I will definitely make it a point to come back. It was like a relaxing mini vacation. The interior design was tasteful and more sophisticated than I'd expect. I enjoyed the complementary colors of aqua and burgundy & rust along with green plants, natural wood, and rattan furniture with cushions. The near floor-to-ceiling windows along the entrance wall and inset doorway gave the entry a "windows seat" feel and there was a couch to sit on in addition to high and low tables. A flat screened tv displayed a slideshow of scenes of Hawaii. The feel was of a lanai at a Kauai plantation.
5	If I wrote this review 6 months ago it would only have been 4 stars but now they have awesome sandwiches. The owners of this place say  "this place is the ultimate vacation in a cup". I'm not sure if I would go that far but I have decided there are so many good drinks on the menu I don't even try to pick one anymore. I just pay them and say surprise me. Every time the smoothie is just fantastic.I'm there at least once a week. Bring a friend, relax and enjoyI don't know why but my review was filtered
5	It is a weekly vice for me.  The goal was to try a new flavor every week, but I found a combination that suites me just fine and sadly I haven't been as adventurous as I had intended.  One of these days, I'll order something new, but until then I will enjoy the great flavor of my favorite drink and the mellow ambiance.
5	This is my favorite local coffee shop! The owners are very friendly. My favorite drink is the Iced Soy Latte. It's not only strong enough, but it's also good coffee. This is also the best place that I meet with my customers for business meeting. The place is very convenient for people who love to shop at San Tan village mall. If you don't like the summer heat of Arizona, this is a great place chill you down with a cup of ice coffee. Their FREE WI-FI requires you to login, which may kick you out if your computer are on the idle mode for more than half hour. Almost forgot to mention that their sandwich is good too! If you are savvy shopper like me, you can actually find their FREE coupon online by searching "Free coffee coupons gilbert" on Google! :) I do however, wish they have projector, so I can use their place for a presentation. I also think they own the other place in the San Tan Mall Food court! So you can get same quality coffee at two very close places in one stop shopping!PS: The pin on the map is wrong! Yelp need to move the pin to the correct location! It's actually East of San Tan Village Parkway and next to the Blue  Wasabi Sushi and Martini Bar restaurant.
4	I first tried Maui Wowi when I checked in on FourSquare to get a 15% discount.  A 15% discount on a cup of coffee doesn't amount to much, I know.  For that matter, neither does FourSquare, as far as I can tell after being on it for a couple months.  I feel like a dog going around marking my turf. Maybe they'll build to something, we'll see. If they keep getting money thrown at them they should eventually be able to produce something, right?Wait, was I reviewing FourSquare or Maui Wowi?  It was Maui Wowi wasn't it?So the iced mocha I had (with half chocolate per my request) was delicious.  I mean really delicious.So I came back another time to try the hot mocha (1/2 chocolate again - I like to taste COFFEE with a little chocolate, not CHOCOLATE SYRUP with a little coffee like some coffee houses make). It was quite good as well.The folks are very friendly and accommodating.I also started chatting with a guy named Phil who moved here from Foxboro, MA.  I moved here from Mansfield, MA. Neighboring 'burbs of Boston.
5	I love this place. As a small business owner I love holding meetings because of the beautiful environment and free Wi-Fi. As a consumer I love the various smoothies and the passion fruit tea. Marc & Jodie are not just good owners, they're gracious hosts- always accommodating me for larger business gatherings.
1	This was the place inside the Food Court at San Tan Village. Worst place I've ever eaten, seriously. I paid $9, & all I got was a bare chicken sandwich with a pineapple & a grossly oversized piece of lettuce. I had to pay extra for a drink, & the condiment sauce was runny & tasteless. I'll never come here again.
5	This is a great meeting place.  I often meet business clients here for the banana smoothie and white chocolate macadamia nut cookies. MMM, MMM!  I haven't tried their sandwiches yet but I've heard they are great too.Really nice atmosphere and the owners are really nice people.  They've also got free internet connection available and comfortable seating.They're at SanTan Mall right next to the Blue Wasabi restaurant in the southwest corner of SanTan Village.  On weekdays they're open until 9pm so it's the perfect place to go for desert.
5	I LOVE this place. I have been coming here for about a year now to treat myself to a smoothie. The Mocha Banana and Hawaiian Dreamsicle are my two favorites. I especially like getting one for a light lunch. Get the Tikki cup and every time you come back you basically get a large smoothie for the price of a medium. I started bringing my one-year-old son here over the summer to teach him how to drink out of a straw. The Mocha Banana is his favorite, too. The atmosphere is casual so it's a great place to bring a toddler. They have a pretty comfy couch in one corner. Great place just to come hang out. They also have a really great live band about 1x a month on Saturday nights. Oh and I almost forgot. They have these specialty sauces you can purchase. My husband NEVER eats salmon- until we tried it once with their Jerk Sauce. It was so good we bought a bottle to take back east to share with our family and everyone loved it. We use it on BBQ chicken and salmon. I LOVE this place.
5	If you need a place for a meeting, study group, etc Maui Wowi is a great place!  My favorites are the Cappuccino Honu and the Cappuccino Makiema (sp?).  However any of the fruit smoothies (Hawaiian Dreamsickle) are also very tasty.  The atmoshpere is clean, inviting, and 'chill'.  So when you are at the SanTan Mall don't forget they are tucked in there, it is well worth the stop!
