1	My experience with eating soul food out is that it can be hit or miss.  Fredrick's Soul Food is a miss.  The interior of the restaurant is just as formidable as the food. The seating is hard high backed uncomfortable booth seating. I  had the fried chicken wings ( 3 wings ) with a corn muffin.  The muffin was not baked long enough and fell apart as soon as I picked it up.  Just three wings and a corn muffin came to over $9.00 a complete disgrace.My chicken wings weren't the least bit tasty. They came out tasting as if they were fried in the same grease as fish.  I don't want to taste fried fish when I'm eating wings.The fried fish taste overpowered any seasoning on the chicken.  Undercooked corn muffins and chicken fried in fish grease it's just tacky and unprofessional.
2	This place is still new and there might be some growing pains.I had the 2pc fish and fries lunch and while it was reasonably priced (about $5.50+tax with drink!) was more fries than fish.  The two pieces of fried fish (catfish?) were scrawny and there was very very little meat to eat.Service was very friendly and the place appears clean and well organized.  The food was cooked fresh to order.It's definitely a mom and pop shop, but they are seriously lacking in their in-store signage and menus.You don't know what they have to offer, and it's just not clear to someone who hasn't been there (ie most people when you first open) what options are available. While they have a large menu printed on a large sheet of paper --- it's mounted way too high, and the fonts are way too small.  The printed menu/sheet of paper is too cluttered to be quickly useful. The combos listed don't help.I think I would have fared better with the chicken and waffles, but for the meal delivered today was definitely not worth more than (2) stars.
4	The food was great and the service was very good and quick...FREE WIFI  while i ate... I went before and the menu  was in need of a little help.  This restaurant just  underwent a management change and they did address the menu situation because i was confused as well. Lunch ..was good and I had a fish combo off the $5.00 lunch menu. It was good and I had the Salmon croquette dinner that took me back down south.. ummm mmmm.Keep it up Fredricks and you 'll only get better. 4 stars 85+%
5	tHIS IS ABSOLUTELY A HIT...NOT A MISS.  this food was great and for 5.oo you get wings and a muffin . 9.00 was a complete lie in this first review. the chicken and fish are cooked in separate fryers and if the first reviewer tasted fish on the chicken...smh... it might of been something already on her palette. the corn muffin falls apart because it if buttery and fresh. if she knew about soul food and black culture then she would know the real restaurants don't serve hard dry muffins like  she is used to making at her home with an  inaccurate recipe.this is the only soul food restaurant downtown and i appreciate them,  soul food is  variable and there are no exact recipes for the southern dishes that everybody prepares.. its your own style and   flavors you bring to the public. if you know soul food then you know methods are handed down from generation to generation.  but i really cant fault the first reviewer because she doesn't know any better
3	As a new downtowner in employment, I've been scanning the possibilities for reasonably priced AND filling decent lunches, and have found my choices to be somewhat limited. I'd passed Frederick's on my route to the bank several times per week, and decided to give it a go.My first time in was pretty successful. So much so that I raved about it back in the office, and then took a co-worker there for a second try, and was intensely let down.So I'm starting off by saying that Frederick's is hit-or-miss, depending on the day.On my first visit, I walked into an empty restaurant, checked out the menu, and was in the mood for some good ol' fried chicken. The young gal behind the register was VERY sweet and helpful, and I ordered a three-piece dark with fries, and a diet Coke. The guys in the back were friendly and welcoming, fried it up fresh while I waited, and I had a nice $8 lunch in ten minutes. Took it back to the office, and thoroughly enjoyed me some dynamite fried chicken.  The outside was crispy and tasty with that kind of bacon-like flavor that you can get when the skin is fried right, and the meat was juicy and flavorful. The fries were very basic, not even salted, but they were overall fine. I had a very pleasant experience and planned to return.So for the second visit, I took my co-worker, and after my rave about the chicken, she decided to try that, with a side of mac-n-cheese. I was in the mood for just fish, and envisioned a nice slab of fried fish smothered in tartar sauce that would be as awesome as the chicken. Another co-worker had asked if they had greens, and after a scan of the menu, I decided to surprise her with an order.My co-worker ordered her chicken breast and side, and I started to order my fish. They were out of every fish but Tilapia. Oh well, I guess I'll have the Tilapia.This time, the restaurant was busy, and just a tad more than a tad on the under-sophisticated side of the evolutionary scale.The two ladies before us hemmed and hawed at what they wanted, and they wanted it 'this way', but no, 'this way', and with this side, but no, with THAT side, and on and on. The poor gal behind the register was getting a little frazzled, and that was compiled by the 'we don't have that right now' issue that they seemed to be having. In the meantime, the guys in the back seemed unable to keep up with the orders, and didn't seem to be able to gain focus on what they were cooking, which seemed to be going a little wrong.So my friend and I sat down to wait for our order, and while we waited, the under-sophisticated patrons began to get very verbal and somewhat obnoxious about their orders. 'This is NASTY - I want my money back!'  'This mac-n-cheese is dry and terrible!' Blah-blah-blah. Then there was a verbal altercation between two tables. Oh boy, a floor show while we wait.We waited a full half hour this time, and after they dealt with the ranting 'I want my money back' lady and the several trips to the table that insisted that they get the mac-n-cheese right or replace it, our order finally came together. I asked for a good load of tartar sauce which the gal put in the bag, and my co-worker and I were off to the office to eat.Her chicken was good. The mac-n-cheese WAS dry. The greens were a nice surprise until they were opened and eaten, and then they were a nice thought, but...So I sat down and opened my $8 container of fried Tilapia.And one package of tartar sauce was enough to totally smother BOTH pieces.Now, I can't say for sure - but I do believe that somewhere a fishing company operated by extremely myopic fisherman was duped into believing that a school of baby minnows, on their way to a costume party, all dressed as Tilapia, were indeed a net full of adult Tilapia. I've had sardines that were bigger. Two hours later I had to hit up another joint for some cheese fries just to feel like I'd actually had some food.My advice for those who are hankering for some soul food who were thinking of  giving Frederick's a try, don't be totally turned away - but follow these simple tips instead.1) Do NOT go DURING the lunch 'rush'. They get frazzled and disorganized, and as a result, so do their patrons. Go BEFORE the rush, or an hour AFTER the rush. They really are very nice, and they do make good food - when they can actually focus on doing just that. 2) The fried chicken really does seem to be what they do best. Unless they take a look at what other establishments downtown are offering as 'fish' and change their portioning and prices, it truly is not worth eight bucks for two fish mcnuggets. I've not tried their ribs (not really being a fan) so I can't speak for them. But the fried chicken, even during mayhem, came out alright.If you're in the mood for good fried chicken, they beat the mystery meat of the colonel. Follow my two tips and you'll be fine.
2	One week after I wrote my initial review, I went back for some fried chicken, and they'd already changed hands. The chef has now taken over the business. I went right at lunch time, hoping for the best, and walked in to find only other customer there.  I ordered the 8 piece chicken, which was supposed to be two breasts, two thighs, two legs and two wings. Got it back to the office, gave the breasts to my co-worker, and then took mine. Instead of two thighs, I had one thigh and one breast (I just am NOT a breast man). And frankly, the chicken was ok, it certainly wasn't as good as the first time I'd tried it.The place doesn't even seem to have a name yet. At this rate, it may not.
