3	I will give them an A++ for acrylic nails. I have a problem with lifting and with the nails popping off, but I've never had a problem with this when I go to Mirage Nail and Spa. The nails stay in place! They use quality materials, which makes a big difference, but also the technique of the technicians help. They also stay current on products, trends, styles, laws, and regulations. I don't use them for pedicures anymore, because I always felt like they were not long enough, and were really not good quality. There are always a lot of people there for pedicure, so I suppose they try to get everyone in and out quickly. The massage during pedicures tended to be fast, and rough, instead of slow, deep and deliberate. The best massage I had was when I was one of the last customers before they closed. The guy was really taking his time with me, so he wouldn't have to start another pedicure after me! I go some place else for pedicures now.
5	Great staff, top of the line equipment and a very friendly and inviting place.I'm a guy that gets pedicures on my Flintstone feet. (I'm not touching them!)Some places crack jokes in other languages & aren't very comfortable for men. This was not the case here. I will be back!
3	I have been here a few times after recently moving to the area and needing a new nail salon. Let me preface this by saying that I am from Southern California and used to Manicure/Pedicure/Eyebrow being in and out within an hour or less. First time: Got an eyebrow wax. I had to wait about 20 minutes (after a quote of "couple minutes"),  but I REALLY needed it done so I waited. The girl did a great job so I decided to try them for nails on the next visit. Second time: Went in for manicure and pedicure. Again I had to wait about 30 minutes when there was only one other person waiting. I ended up getting gel polish on my nails and just a spa pedicure. Experience was good, but out the door I was there about 2.5 hours, which is way too long for the two tasks I needed completed. The gel polish was phenomenal and lasted for about 3 weeks. The pedicure polish only lasted about 10 days before chipping which is unheard of for me. My toenails usually last  for a month. Third time: I really needed my nails done and thought this place was pretty good so I went back. They kept me waiting over and hour but they put me in the spa chair so I couldn't just leave. This time the gel polish lasted about a week and again just 10 days for the pedicure. I would call this place decent compared to what I'm used to in Southern California. I keep returning back though because I can't find anywhere else to do quality work in a reasonable amount of time. It's kind of frustrating, but if you don't mind waiting, they do pretty decent work here.
5	Mirage Nail & Spa was suggested to me over 2 years ago and I have been going back ever since.  My "go to" girl is Heidi.  She does the absolute best job on my gel manicures, pedicures and eyebrow waxing.  Pedicures last for months and my gel manicure always stays on for at least 3 weeks.  I constantly receive compliments on my nails.  She always remembers my name whenever I come in, which really makes you feel welcome.  She goes the extra mile and really takes her time.  I don't mind spending an afternoon at the nail spa, because I make time for it.  I think if you are in a hurry, you should let your manicurist know so they can try and work in your time constraints.I also enjoy getting my eyelashes done there.  They do eyelash extensions for a very reasonable price.  They last 2-3 weeks and look very nice.  I usually get them done for special occasions.  If they start to come out before the 2 week period, they will fix them for you.  I would ask for Van or Mimi to do your eyelashes.  They both do a great job.Also, a bit of advice for people that don't like to wait to get service... make an appointment.  Yes, this place is busy.  Evenings and weekends are the craziest.  They are very popular, evidence of how great they are.  I've gone on a Friday evening and it's packed.  Even with an appointment, I had to wait 20 minutes.  I didn't mind though, because I would never go anywhere else.  They had to turn away people that just walked in.  Walk-Ins are welcome, but it's not guaranteed you'll get service.  Monday through Wednesday is usually a pretty good time to go.Anyway, if you are looking for a "Grade A" place to get your nail and waxing services done, I really think you should give Mirage Nail & Spa a try.  :O)
5	the pedicures seriously last for months.. ! the acrylics last forever as well but i get annoyed and take them off earlier haha. I love this place for the eyebrow wax! they do such a great job that most of the time when i go to mirage they know im there for just my eyebrows... and the price is amazing. I leave paying 10 for a eyebrow wax plus a tip.. amazing for the quality and quickness that is is done with. I LOVE THEM
1	BEWARE OF THE EYELASH EXTENSIONS FOR $35I had a painful experience and not because I was allergic. It was my first time getting two week lashes and I thought the price was good so why not give it a try.  -Lashes are to be put ON TOP of your own lashes and NOT BELOW.-Mirage salon Manager put my lashes on below my natural lashes against the water line. -I told her it felt uncomfortable and that I could feel the lashes in my eyes. She told me the lashes were just "stiff" and would relax in a few days.-I was in pain for a couple of days even though I used a hot wash cloth to soak them multiple times.-Some of them started to fall out after a week or so and my natural lashes came out with them.-I was left with thinner damaged lashes.After complaining to the salon manager I decided to talk to the owner. The salon manager (young female with long hair) said "I told you that you might have a reaction" and completely dismissed the fact that she put them on wrong. She did offer to refund my money but that didn't make me happy. The owner called me and was pleasant and offered to take them off and give me a refund. I went in for a refund and removal. The solution they used took them off and I was treated by a woman named something like "Van" she was very nice. I wouldn't recommend this salon until they replace the salon manager with someone who knows what he/she is doing and knows how to treat customers.PS. They have a sketchy hand written sign at the front saying they don't take debit/credit but they do in fact take them. Who knows what kind of carnival they're running?
5	Great service everyone was very friendly
1	I went to Mirage Nail and Spa  to get acrylic nails which were just "ok"    I had recently had eyelash extensions put on at a place in Canada, and when I was there Gina inquired about them.   They were absolutely stunning.   I told here it was time for a fill and I hadn't found anyone in Arizona to fill them and she assured me that they use the top of the line lashes and glue and they were all very experienced technicians, (5 years or more)   I was a little hesitant because the price was a little less than other places.   And I asked her repeatedly if she could make them just the way they were, r and I  told her I was worried because I didn't want them ruined.  Again she assured me it would be great.   Well, it wasn't!  The process was clunky and I could tell she was having problems with them going on while I was laying there, and she even glued my top lashes to my bottom lashes.   The length and fullness was nice, but they were so hard and full of glue that whenever I closed my eyes i got poked and my eyelids burned.   I came home and brushed them and most of them fell out, along with my natural eyelashes!   I'm now waiting and searching for a good technician to apply new lashes.   My advice to this place is Stop Doing Lashes!  at least until you get more training.   It is completely ethically irresponsible to tell customers you're great at something when clearly you are not.   I would have never consented to her doing my lashes if I'd known she was so terrible ... not even if she said it was free.   The cheap price should be your first clue!   Because a real technician that knows what they're doing is worth whatever they want to charge!   Stick with Pedicures and Manicures!
5	Super service with a smile - and always pampered!  Love to take friends and family here for a treat - I get spoiled by giving myself a pedi and relaxing in the cool comfy massage chair - ahhhhh!
5	We've been coming here ever since Gina opened her doors. She, and her staff, are the friendliest, well knowledgeable nail techs we have ever come across.  We not only trust her with our feet and hands, but our waxing as well.  Gina is a beautiful soul and I appreciate her affordable prices.   I never ever hesitate on recommending people to go to her.  Thank you Gina
5	I absolutely love Mirage Nail and Spa. I have been going there for about six years and I have never been upset with the service at all. I've gone to other places here and there, but NOTHING ever compares to Mirage. The pedicures always last a ridiculous amount of time and I will NEVER go to anyone else for my eyebrow wax. Gina is the only person I trust with waxing. Her and her staff are absolutely amazing with the work they do. I always feel so loved the second I walk through those doors. No words could ever describe how wonderful of service I get when I go to Mirage. I would recommend Mirage to ANYONE because of how great their service and work is!
1	Last time I was in about an hour before closing. I asked if they had time to do a full set and they said yes. So, I figured I'd get good service. Everyone was friendly and I was excited....until I got to my nail tech, Jason. He was really bad. He was in a hurry. He cut my finger. He just wanted to get done and get me out. I asked him to make my nails shorter and he responded with "they're already short," and he didn't do what I wanted. When he started putting the nail polish on, he stuck his finger in one while it was still wet and didn't fix it! I was extremely disappointed. I felt rushed. And when I complained, they didn't even offer to fix it! If they had told me, "hey, we're about to close, but we're open tomorrow," I would've loved to set up an appointment. I will never be back here again. A total waste of money.
4	I've been coming here for about 4 months now. The techs are nice and the work is good. I love going on Sundays and watching the game while I get my nails done. Best best place to get eyelash extension for a nice price.
5	I specifically came on Yelp to find a new nail salon. This place got good reviews so I figured what the heck.. Let's give it a try! I have not been disappointed yet. The workers are very friendly and the owner goes out of her way to accommodate everyone. I have been three times and I will continue to come back
5	I came here from a recommendation from one of my employees. I had to check it out after I saw how beautiful her nails looked.  I drove from North Scottsdale to check it out and I was not disappointed.  I made an appointment with Gina and she was ready for me when I arrived. I showed Gina a picture of what I wanted and she delivered exactly what I was looking for.  The atmosphere was clean with a mural of sea life. In the past I have experienced a certain degree of attitude from different nail salons that was off putting.  This place didn't have a one iota of that common attitude.  I felt welcomed and valued. Thank you for the great service and friendliness! I will be back again and I will definitely recommend this place to others!
