4	Hello Friends, Can't believe I'm the first to write on this new new Walgreen's. Its located across from the Starbucks. If you know where the ONLY Chick-fil-A is uptown/downtown (I mean which one is it? Uptown or Downtown). If you are outside coming from Jason's Deli you take the little walk way into the Overstreet/BOA Plaza (I think its called) building, in front of you will be Starbucks and to the RIGHT is the New Walgreen's. (Hey, ask Siri on your "New" IPhone to help you find it) but when you do.. Vwahllaaa!!!This is nothing different from any other Wallygreens as far as I can tell. It is nice, new and bright inside. photo development, pharmacy. They have all the little in and out stuff at the front of the store for us "in & outter's" and more of the take a gander stuff in the middle and further to the back of the store. I didn't make it back that far.. well.. well.. because I'm one of the "in & out" kinda guy just stopping in to pick up some snacks and juice. Go, enjoy... Till next time.. TTFN!
4	The most modern Walgreens I've ever seen.  Very big, very bright, very clean with lots of cash registers open for check out, including one at the back of the store.  It's a very convenient location that is easy for the Wells Fargo and Bank of America crowd to get to without having to go outside if the weather is nasty.Beyond that, it's a normal  Walgreen's with all the items you expect to find at a chain drug store.
5	Uh-oh. My boyfriend's back and there's gonna be trouble. And my boyfriend's name is Walgreens. CVS, I'm breaking up with you. It's not me, it's you. Working nights doesn't always allow me to get my errands done during normal business hours, so many times I rely on the convenience and late hours of the uptown retail stores. It's always been the Epicentre in the past, simply for location, but when CVS didn't have what I needed, I tried out the new Walgreens. 1. It's huge. It's like a mini-Target. You can tell they are really catering to the hotel customers in the area, with pretty much anything you could need. As it happens, I needed a new shower liner since my old one had ripped- they had 2 kinds, while their competition didn't have any. There was also a photo and office center that appeared to have a large-scale printer for business needs.2. It's clean. The floors are clean, the walls are clean, the lights are bright, the aisles are well stocked. 3. The staff is friendly. And, you know, working. Even with only 1 staff member in the store (or so it appeared) I was greeted, asked if I needed helped finding anything, and then checked out with a smile, as opposed to the other place which just pushes everyone through self-checkout after a certain time, which seems to get earlier and earlier every time I go. I am officially a Walgreens convert now. It's Facebook official.
4	Super convenient to have a Walgreens in the Overstreet Mall area.  Probably doesn't carry as much as a "regular" stand alone Walgreens in the burbs, but the selection they have here is decent and will help you usually get what you need.I needed a mailing envelope so I was surprised to see that they had a "back to school" seasonal section aisle with discounted school supplies.  Must be for those parents that are in a hurry and need to pick up some school supplies for their kids so they don't have to make an extra stop on the way home from their busy day.  Needless-to-say, the evenelopes were located in the regular office supply section and I was on my way.The folks at the registers were super nice and there can be a line sometimes depending on the time of day that you go but they are pretty good about keeping the line moving.Full functioning pharmacy and health & beauty sections here too... again... not as big as a regular store, but it looks like they have options.
5	Aaron gave us outstanding customer service!!  Went out of his way to help us find what we needed and answer questions.  Thank you!
