5	The food and drinks are the same as any other Starbucks. Not my favorite coffee (hello, Peets!), but decent enough. What makes this particular Starbucks outpost exceptional is the wonderfully friendly and helpful employees. It is so refreshing, not to mention unusual, to go to a coffee shop or restaurant, especially a chain location, and find staff who don't seem to hate what they're doing. Great employees = happy and returning customers.
5	I totally agree with Paul C. on this one. This group of employees is the best I've ever had the pleasure of being served by, as far as Starbucks is concerned.I live right down the road from this fantastic location by Copp's ...but sometimes I need a mid day pick-me-up and have to go to the one closer to work, which is off Gammon Rd. Just not the same.
4	SBUX on our way out of Madison.  Tucked away in a newer shopping square, on the corner by the stoplight where you turn in.  Not bad on-off the highway.  Very friendly folks, parking was available & convienent, and our Venti Mochas were just what we needed.
5	I know I've talked about the staff here, but I just need to repeat how AWESOME they are. The experience is always what I'm looking for!Just recently, I asked to see the nutrition label on the flavor syrups, because it's not listed solely on the website. The barista was nice enough to hand it over--AND helped me figure out portion size, because it's listed as 2 Tbsp, not  X "pumps" which all of us SB addicts know is the barista measurement unit.  I usually get two pumps, so she put two pumps in an empty cup to show me how much it was(approx. 2tsp, in case you're curious). Thanks, Lily--you rock!Taking the time to do little things like that is top notch service.
5	Like most Starbucks, this one serves up some hot caffeinated beverages as well as some tasty treats. I happened upon this place after a long walk from my hotel during a wonderful blizzard that dumped about 17" of snow and actually caused them to close early. Hey, I thought Wisconsin was used to snow? ha haThe workers were friendly and even comped me some pastries that were going to be tossed or go bad because of the early closure. Cool!
5	Awesome staff every morning, very friendly, and expedient.  This group of baristas never fails to greet, smile, and energize the morning with an engaging conversation.  They will compliment, commend, suggest, and encourage you on the smallest detail of your day or coffee.I really love the attention to detail.. Especially the board placed on the counter everyday with the weather, horoscope, super quiz, and joke or cartoon. Just to keep you entertained while you wait on your fabulous caffeinated beverage!
5	Agree with all the other folks- really great staff.  Also, a good one too work at: not too loud , just the right amount of background noise.  Starbucks coffee is Starbucks coffee- maybe not the best, but consistent.
5	The Starbucks next to cops is literally my favorite coffee shop. Starbucks certainly isn't my favorite coffee but the atmosphere is almost always very welcoming and peaceful no matter what time of day. Even when it's busy I can always grab a drink and find myself sitting there for hours on my laptop or just reading and enjoying myself. The staff are really friendly and quick with their service. It's by far my favorite Starbucks in the Madison/Middleton area!
