2	ginormous costco-esque warehouse of a stripclub.  i know what you're thinking though, this is every no neck, meister brau chuggin, steak heads dream right?  alas, the gals don't really make their rounds too well in this joint and honestly there's better quality o' girls elsewhere. =T
3	this place was understandably crowded on a saturday night filled with bachelor parties.  the lights are reasonably bright, so you get a decent idea of how a girl looks nearly half a second before you're being smothered and asked if you want a dance.  the songs here seemed to all be the radio edits, i'd be surpirsed if any of them topped out over three minutes.  the DJ was constantly on the mic calling girls back in to the VIP room and trying to get the crowd worked up.  it is a big place and can accomodate larger parties of 15-20, and be sure to call ahead to see if you can get a deal on cover, if you have enough people willing to chunk down cash for dances.  i think drinks were around $6.
4	Ain't no party like a VEGAS party!   We had a great time here.  Our friend "Hong" popped her strip club cherry here.  It was quite entertaining to watch Hong transform from a caterpillar into a BUTTERFLY!  Great looking women, friendly and good music.  We will be going back!  Did someone say melon.....
2	Uh, gross? NONE... repeat, NONE of the dancers here were hot. My homies got two lap dances and they were NOT cute. One of them did a really hot dance, but damn, was she a beast. Also, the stage dancers were LAME!! All they did was toe step in their bikinis.. They didn't even try. Even the DJ had to repeatedly call them up to get them on stage.. again.. LAME!Oh well... we tried... HAHHAHAHA...
2	Yeah so this is on top of the women's club downstairs. They charge full price what they'd charge men for ladies, and we're not getting to see any titties, folks!We had to wait downstairs which annoyed the women dancing because we attracted male attention. Then we went upstairs and ...It was like the Chippendales, but worse. Less showmanship, cheesy banana hammocks, and the dudes are totally merecenary, there's no sense of illusion at all.If you're gonna watch men (or women) strip, do it in LA, where the fantasy creation is MUCH easier and it's much easier to "suspend your disbelief."Here you just feel awkward. If you're drunk you can fake interest. One dude humped my chest like a rabbit and I just felt violated. We called this one ADD Boy.And per the others reviews, yes ... the men are not so hot. The music's not so great. The lighting's not so great. The ambiance feels ... like you're there to get used, not the other way around.
3	Sapphire's is the Costco of tittie bars, with space included. You get your pick of Eastern European to Asian girls. What more do you want from a strip club? You get your chocolate, and coconuts included.I came here for a bachelor's party along with 99% of the other guys in this joint.  Be careful not to wear a "nice" wristwatch, because those girls get attracted to you like flies, knowing you have the $$$$$ to pay for their Louis and Goochie. The drinks are totalled waterdown down like crazy. If you get suckered into the VIP room, they actually serve you real alcohol, yet it costs you like over $300+ for lap dances. Girl on girl costs over $500+ for the VIP sessions. Since there are so many girls here, you really really need to take your sweet ass time to pick the sexy slutmachines here. Many times they will come to you with their long hair covering their faces, which you know is a hint hint already. If you're a guy that likes a** and g-strings and want them girls in all flavors and varieties. You should check out this place. I went on a Saturday night, and this place was ridiculously packed. 1star is for the VAST selection of girls1star is for the cheap price of the lap dances (The city I'm from, is damm expensive to live in)1star is for the titties and a**es
4	So perhaps this four stars is due to the best man knowing many of the girls here...long story short..he has insomnia and goes to gentlemen's clubs...no he is not a dirt bag..he is really a great guy...he is friends with several of the ladies and when the joint bachelor(ette) rolled around we hopped the mini bus and went here. A wide variety of different women and multiple shows going on at once. Whether you want to get a motor boat, a lap dance or see some awesome pole dancing...there is something for everyone...newbie to clubs or not. We sat underneath the glass floor in some cushy chairs,  chopped it up with the ladies, received some great lap dances enjoyed a few shows and called it an evening.
4	Limo ride to the gentlemen's club - FREECover into Sapphire - $30A lap dance from a beautiful Mexican girl - $20Finding out her name is the same as your mom's - PRICELESSI've been here twice now and I would have to say that it seems almost too big for it's own good.   Despite that it was still fun.
4	four stars for the time i had... not the place. so i dont know if it was a special deal or just friday or what but we had our cover waived if we agreed to drink 4 bottles of liquor for the price of two... wait... did that even make sense? needless to say we took the deal like bandits because my friends and i arelike  raging alcoholic... well... bandits.anyway.. some cute girls... some not so much... but you know what? who gives a F*? im drunk as shit and can hardly see straight anyway... does it really matter if a woman that im paying to dance for me looks hot?! as long as shes grinding on my crotch... no it doesnt.its funny but it seems like the only reviews complaining about the women at sapphire... are from women.so yeah... dont really like srip clubs.. but had a brilliant time here during a bachelor party weekend in vegas with my friends.
4	A few years ago I went to a wedding in Vegas and we had the bachelor and bacholorette party here at Sapphire.  I haven't been to that many strip clubs before, but holy hell this one was big.  The night we went there were 120 dancers.  In my head I thought, this is like the Costco of strip clubs!  It is a large establishment.  I thought most of the girls were ok looking.  I wanted a lap dance from a cute blonde but by the time I decided I would indulge in a lap dance, she disappeared in to one of the back rooms.  Phooey.  Oh well, I still had a great time.
4	So I guess the term for Sapphire's is Cosco for Strippers. Yes this place is definitely big. I mean how many girls can you get in here? Hundreds.....Enough to one stroke each one till ya pop. Unfortunately when you don't have enough people in there - then too many girls not enough 20s. Yea So I took my buddy here and we had a bachelor's party. Good times....I arranged free drinks all night. One of my guys Billy, got wasted within the hour. Drank too fast. He wouldn't get a lapdance. He said...that he wanted a stripper that smelled like she just ate some babies. Yea....Whoa..."EVERYONE IN HERE RAISE YOUR HANDS IF YOU EAT BABIES!!!"(crickets) yea....exactly. So I had him sit with drinks with a quarter of the liquor in them. Over all - fun night. This one dancer did give me her number because she wanted me to teach her my skills. But then again. They're all flakes. Really nice place - great location. But think about having to spend some money here....
3	those that know me know i like to have a good time. i usually do.went with a group of around 30, so yeah it was crazy.for some strange reason, i just wasnt feeling this place. yeah the usual things youd find at a strip club are here..  cute to a few HOTT ladies walking around preying on drunk folks. random ass femalecustomer getting it on with a group of said ladies.... hella expensive ass drinks......but strip clubs are like masturbation.... in the begining it all seems like a great idea, youre all excited and during, youre having a great time..... but after a few minutes after, you realized, damn i just fucked myself. +1 star for that cute stripper that actually seemed like she was enjoying chatting and took me over to an abandoned area not being used that night just to chat about random ass shit and not to clean me out of all my money.
3	I went here for a bachelor/bachelorette party.  Although the girls didn't get to see any of the men in action, the sight of my friend getting double teamed by two strippers was well worth it.  (His wife-to-be sitting right next to him, natch.)FYI to the Ladies - the men don't take the stage until after 11PM.  We got bored and decided to head to the Palms, insteadFYI to the Men - get 2 strippers at once, but I'm sure you already knew that. =)
1	This is a review of "The Men of Sapphire" male revue show.  What a HORRIBLE and HUMILIATING experience!  I went with a huge group of girls for a birthday party.  One good thing- got in free.  Would never pay for this total crap.  So we were ushered in, through the main part of the club and into a seedy back area.  Then we had to wait forever for the show to begin.  Had several totally overpriced drinks ($10 for a Sierra Nevada??) from a rude bartender.Me: I'll have a martini with Tanqueray gin.Bartender: Would you like that dirty?Me: No! (Only a fool would ruin Tanqueray by pouring greasy olive juice in it.)Bartender: You don't look like a dirty girl. Then he brought the pitiful, tiny martini and it didn't even have olives in it!  He seemed offended when I complained.  Get real!!  It was $11!Anyway, downed 2 of those while watching the video "preview" of the show.  It looked like it was going to be great and I was so excited.  There were a whole bunch of really hot guys and they were doing things with fire.Then, the show began and it was nothing like the video.  There were only 4 or 5 guys who kept changing their clothes, and I found only one of them semi-attractive.  Also, one of them was also the "MC" and was a total idiot!  I didn't come here to listen to your inane comments you loser!  I came to watch men take off their clothes!  This guy kept trying to get the audience to cheer and get all hyped up.  Then he would humiliate girls by making them come up on stage, where the men would force them to simulate fellatio or pretend to be doing them from behind.  Some of the girls were drunk and/or stupid enough to enjoy it, but let's face it, it was totally humiliating for them.  One girl refused to go up and the MC kept pressuring her and putting her on the spot for a really long time.  This would NEVER happen at a female strip show!  The guys get to just stand there, watch & enjoy.  Luckilly I was not called on stage because I wouldn't have gone.Music was cheesy, costumes ripped, there was no fire, and the dancing was interrupted by long, boring MC interludes.  I guzzled a $10 beer and comprehended the pain of existence.  When they invited a bunch of girls up on stage for an "orgasm-sound contest", I left.
3	Can't really give any place with naked chicks walking around less than 3 stars.  But there are a couple of very manly looking ladies working here that scare me.
4	Being a local resident of Las Vegas definitely  has its pros and cons and going to Sapphire makes me feel like the king of of my wallet!        I mean seriously....you are going there to enjoy the great entertainment, whether you are with a party or not, along with your average priced drinks right? This is what they promise to their customers:-Attractive Women.-2 Full service bars.-Good mix of music.-The biggest gentlemen's club in Las Vegas....    Do they deliver on their promises? You bet your sweet Benjamin Franklin they do! Comfortable seats, 80-something inch projection screens on the walls, VIP rooms, and stylish overall design are just some of the added perks to this place. The dancers are affordable as well and very friendly even if you are short of cash (for the most part).   On a side note, The bouncers/security may not be very welcoming but is that any different than any other place? Most places in Vegas will let you in free before 11pm if you are a local (one of the many perks) so if you are an outsider don't get all defensive if you are treated like one.
5	What can I say? My future wife works here...:DI came here twice for a bachelor party and each time was very well worth it. Yes, it is pricey. The key is to get table service....you get to sit down right away and get your friend a lap dance.I think its just a good place because I didnt see one ugly chick. That's always a win win.
4	My good friend Savanna and I went here for a ladies night out! The hottest thing there was the bartender I dared Savanna to kiss at the end of the show....oh the show.....fire dancer, air matress with silk sheets and one long stem rose....WOW.....oh wait the Top Gun dance!!I will be going back, next time with my mom!!!
2	I'm going to write this from the perspective of a couple. Went here with my girlfriend (who is very much into this sort of thing) on a Saturday evening. Largest club in the US or something like that, eh? Didn't really feel like it, but then again everything in Vegas is huge so it's difficult to tell what large is. Speaking of large, the chunky asses and cottage cheese thighs on the majority of the dancers didn't sit well with us. There were so many girls though, it wasn't the worst thing about it. No... the worst thing was that we both had to pay the 30 dollar cover (because there was a male show there also). Bear in mind that we're from Phoenix where the lapdances are of higher quality and than what we had at this joint and they cost half the price... cover is also free for women or 10 bucks for men where we are. Drinks at this place were disturbingly overpriced. We had what was apparently boxed wine at 12 bucks a glass. After 4 rounds, the waitress told us we should've gotten a bottle - cheapest one was 120 bucks (um... if you can pour 8 glasses of wine out of one bottle of wine you should change your name to Jesus and start up a magic show on the strip).Also make note that we did a lot wrong that night... it was our first vegas strip club experience and didn't have the handbook. I'm sure there were cheaper ways to get drinks, but we didn't know about them. Anyway - so the dancers weren't all that great for the most part. The worst part about that though was that even though we had a decent seat in a high traffic area, we got no attention. When we did get attention, I got shitty lapdances. They were so standard, I wanted to tell them to stop halfway through. In front of me, a group of dudes were getting the works - legs over the shoulder, panties moved around, allowed to be grabby. Me? no. My girlfriend got some pretty good ones though.We were told by some that it was because we were a couple and that some girls don't like to dance for couples because they are afraid the girlfriend might freak out and get mad. Others said they thought I already was with a dancer... hmm...  Anyway - we had to ask the door guy at one point about it because we went an hour and a half without a girl even looking at us. He sent over the first chubby girl he could find... couldn't turn her down at that point. As the night went on, we started to get more dances - we had to be aggressive in finding the girls though. Lapdances were still shit for me though. We finally found a girl we both fell in love with and who seemed to fall in love with us - so we took her to the VIP area... pricey and not as private as I imagined. We were told by several girls who tried to upsell us that we could do more up there - psh... not much more from a guy's point of view - but she did some naughty things to my girlfriend. It was a lot of fun at least.  Don't know if the whole experience was worth every penny, but we don't have much to compare it to since this is the only strip club we visited in Vegas. Next time we're doing more research. We did find out that many dancers are from other states and just come out here on the weekends because they can make up to 2k a night... shit - a couple weekends or so a month and you could turn 6 figures a year easy. Now I understand a little why some of those girls were such stuck up bitches. Compared to the handful of clubs I've been to around Phoenix, I have to give the overall quality of the vegas local dancers a 2/5... we had a few who were just in from out of town who we liked a lot, but really we would only return to this club to try to find that VIP girl again. Otherwise we're never going back.Kid Rock showed up that night too... still doesn't elevate this place above a 2 from a couple's perspective... judging from the experience the guys around us were having though - I'd have to give it more stars.
3	Objectively, its probably 4-star.The place is huge with a cavernous main showroom ,with two stages (three if you count the stage at the top of the stairs that is just a little too far up to keep my attention), and two bars.  And simply, that many barely clothed women slinking about is just friggin' awesomeness!  (The place supposedly employs 300 dancers/strippers/"I'm paying my way through college"ers...)In a big group this place would be fun/scandalous; a lot of things will happen right there on the showroom floor, at your table, in your seat... right there for everyone to see/cheer/applaud!  And that makes for hilariousness and what amounts to a racy good time!But here's where I think I'm spoiled on Bay Area/SF strip clubs, and can only give it 3 stars...... despite the 100 or so girls working, only about 8 really caught my attention.  Not to say that there weren't more that were cute/hawtness/damn-girl caliber; its probably a matter of personal taste.... the "right there at your table" lap dances are cool and fun for the group, not so much for that shy friend, or your couple-friends, or your girl-friends who don't want hundreds of guy-eyes on them, or that one horned-up friend who wants it to be more freaky than fun....the lack of female audience.  The craziest stripclub uproars are usually the girls having fun with the girls!... its far away from darn-near everything.  SF stripclubs are right next door to some of the coolest restaurants, posh bars, dance clubs... and a pizza-by-the-slice joint.  And other strip clubs.... I had to get into c-blocker mode to protect my girl-friends from the other patrons.Mind you, it's a fun place, with plenty PLENTY of talent walking around.  Do you really need more reason?  You're in VEGAS, do it already!
2	I just don't get high drink prices. You want me to spend bank rolls on the naked girls shaking their naughty bits in my face? Well there will not be any slamming of my dollars for a job well done if I can't get drunk and all my money is going towards booze!Think of the strippers ok? They've got children, habits, bills to take care of. WILL NO ONE THINK OF THE STRIPPERS?!!!
5	Went to Sapphire Lounge in November for a bachelor party.No clubs 4 me since 01in San Fran.   If people don't know..SF is known 4 "down and dirty" clubs.   It would take a lot to be impressed by any club not in SF.That being said, WE were really impressed w/Sapphire..and walked out blown away!!  (I'm spreading the blame to others by saying "WE"..and not "I". cuz.gfs and wives might be reading this!)Outside, Sapphire's building looked as big as a giant Best Buy. HUGE!  Inside were marble floors, and expensive wall decor that lead to a round front desk w/some decently attractive girls.   The bar was covered in neon blue/red lights overlooking a huge dance structure w/multiple stages on different stairways.   Lots of circular lounge chairs w/tiny drink tables adorned the place.  Looks quiet and sophisticated right?I figured we'll just steer away from the dancers and just grab a drink and chop it up w/some conversation.BOY WAS I WRONG.I had NO IDEA what was in store for us.We were situated right in the center.  10 guys.Some married..some not...one about to be.  It mattered not..because as we sat..we realized that we were all "PREY"...Within 2 -3 minutes..I felt the circling of sharks  Literally 12-15 girls converged on our group like hungry carnivores looking for prey. WE literally walked into a dancer SHARK TANK!1 by 1..my friends were knocked off.  1, 2 and sometimes 3 girls would jump right on their round lounge chair (this is why they got these chairs of course.  Should I have brought some PURELL for my seat?) and very effectively persuade them into a lap dance right on the spot.  Other posters commented about having a lapdance in front of everyone.   For us, there was no time nor any interest to worry about what other people were doing..!  What was 10guys..dwindled down to 7, then 6, then 5!.They got smothered in their chairs.  One of my closer friends dissappeared back into the VIP lounge and wasn't heard from until the next day!The dancers soon started turning their attention to me! What was I gonna do??  I didn't want to spend time fighting them off!  What to do? Act fast!  Act fast!As this portly dancer came up to me...I quickly reacted and said"HEY!  That guy over there!?? (pointed at my one lonely buddy w/who never had a gf)...He has 500 bucks in his pocket RIGHT NOW!.(which he did..he's gonna kill me when he finds out I did this)...She stopped her "hey honey..do you wanna dance" speech, got out of character, gave me the "ok" sign w/her fingers and turned her attention to him!  They went to VIP and re-emerged 1 hr later...w/out 500 dollars in his pocket..  Sorry buddy..either me or you!   DODGED ONE BULLET! Then the remaining three of us literally held elbows together as if we were in the movie Gladiator..and I was Russell Crowe...yelling out "HOLD THE LINE!"..trying to protect us from the lingerie invadors.This did NOT work well at ALL.   These slinky size 2 girls slid down our armlocks and released them like butter.   They've done this before..I can gather!  The remaining 3 of us were then assimilated into fleshgate and were  fodder for these cash hungry succubi...looking to juice us dry of every piece of green paper and credit plastic we had..Other posters said the girls were ugly.  I would beg to differ completely!!!  There were beautiful girls of all nationalities, heights, sizes, natural-synthetic.whatever you want..Maybe it was the homeliness and "I've never dated a girl" look of my high school friends that brought them over to us..but the hot girls just saw an imaginary neon sign of  "CASH COW" over many of my chubbier friends.   (The dancers commented to me, that they tend to steer clear of the "Frat Boys" and heavy drinkers and zero in on the anime fan guys. That's why some have a good exp here and some don't.  Look geeky and the best dancers to come to u!!!)Our experience was eye opening to say the least.  We had NO DEFENSE.  It was a state of shock for a couple hours.In conclusion(I'm running out of space..too much to say)..Sapphire was QUITE an experience!   Can't put it all into words..but it was just QUITE an experience!   And I only lost 200 bucks!  I was one of the lucky ones..p.s.  My friends want to go back for the "white unicorn" girl.  She just didn't look real!!  Too perfect.  This 5'7" Latina who had the body and face of Jessica Rabbit.  I think she was CGI..personally.   3-D holograms are getting so REAL these days!
2	Our host for the weekend recommended this club for our bachelorette party.  First, we had to wait about an hour for the male review show to start.  They had us waiting in the gentlemen's area, so we got a chance to see the girls work it.  It was interesting.  Got to chat with some of the girls, they seem really nice.  I only saw a couple that had really nice bodies and were really pretty.Finally our show was about to start.  We got in there, and we were 1 of 3 bachelorette parties there.  The room felt really empty!  We left the show after our girl got her strip dance.  It wasn't anything to write home about.  There were 1-2 hot guys.  Most of it was just annoying that they kept coming to ask us if we wanted a lap dance.  When we said no, they laughed at us and said we were a bunch of lesbians.  Whatever!
1	I looked at the Review of the day on the Sapphire Gentlemens club and thought  .....     you can not be serious !!!!You are right, from the outside it looks like a super market.From the inside it looks like a darker supermarket.Inside .....  the host will sit you and your party about 80 feet from the closest dancers. Who wants to go to a strip club and watch the girls through binoculars ????My friend and his wife did not seem to mind that we were in the outer ozone section for viewing the action.But I thought ... what is this sh #%^*   ?????We waited and waited for service ... .come on !!Wow - we actually had a nice young lady come over to see if we wanted a lap dance ......... that was before the drinks we ordered never came.We complained to the manager that we did not pay the cover charge to be treated like sh #%^*  and he gave us a limo ride to anywhere we wanted to get us out of the "club."We took up the manager on his offer and got a limo ride to the MGM.One star - for the limo ride to the MGM ......Buyer beware on the Sapphire club ............
2	Only because the male strippers were funny as hell just trying to be sexy but fuck... if we don't want a dance from you don't bother us... HIS NAME IS CHILI... ugly as hell guy who kept trying to give us deals so he can dance for us.. which none of us wanted... some of the guy dancers were really nice though.. I met a guy who was from San Jose, CA pretty funny.. but seriously main room girl dancers NO FUCKING SEATS.. WTF.. but we kept getting asked to join the guys who had bachelor parties but we didn't wanna sit with them.. and saw a guy getting a hand job by some ugly stripper... HAHHAHA.
2	The Costco of Vegas strip clubs.  I think the problem with the size of this place is it feels impersonal and you don't really benefit from the size - in other words, that hot stripper lap dancing on that guy 200 feet away, you're not really seeing that, the quantity of strippers and space does not impact the quality of your experience there, it doesn't make it any sexier.  SR is closer and better, OG is smaller and closer and about the same pricewise, Scores has better looking girls.This place would make a great ice skating rink.  Topless ice skating rink?
4	so i ended up at this place after my harrowing experience at the fantasy social club (see my review... shudder), and in comparison - amazing.  it was $30 (!) to get in, but once in the place was jumpin.  everyone seemed pretty classy including the clientele and bouncer/security, and there was a lot of strippers.  i would say about 30% were pretty hot, but did see some older ones who probably deserved employment at a lesser club.for a topless only stripclub, this one certainly takes the cake. the girls with us seemed to have nice things to say at least. next time im getting a lapdance!
4	i............ i...........i ...........like... (  .  Y  .  )but.. who doesn't???!?!?!?!i have a new found respect for some of these strippers.. oh the things they do on poles!
3	So the boy and I were rather drunk when we left Pure, and decided a strip club was the place to go. We hopped in a cab and said o take us to the best strip club in Vegas, we ended up at Sapphire. Now, I'm not saying this isn't the best there is, but it definitely is the Costco of strip clubs. Not only is it huge, but I felt like it was a cheaper version of a strip club, being only topless and all. I didn't really enjoy having to pay to get in as a girl, I mean, guys should pay, me,no. That said, we paid, walked in, grabbed drinks and sat right in front of the main stage, (there are like 6). Immediately after we sat down I had a stripper in my lap, which she was doing to get the boy "interested," well, it worked. He loved it, and to be honest, so did I- there is something so empowering about strippers, (again, I have a love for strippers, having taken pole dancing classes, I know how hard that pole really is).Besides the multiple lap dances, I was disappointed with the strippers themselves. I mean, this is VEGAS!!! Why weren't their breasts just huge beyond belief, I was expecting a Pam Anderson, but sadly, these gals all looked rather natural. I was also very sad about the lack of poles....the main stage had not one pole, and in my opinion, anyone can crawl around the ground taking off clothes, the art is in the pole.I will probably be back because after the clubs, when I don't feel like an after hours club, a strip club is the next best thing....however, I'll try a few different ones out before I come here again...you know, in search of poles and Pams.
3	71,000 sq ft of pure stripper mania is Sapphire's, the largest strip club in Vegas and possibly the largest in the world.  2 years ago it was sold to new management resulting in a slight change in decor and a whole new crop of ladies and men.  Men and women come here to enjoy the space and even more so, enjoy what is supposedly the best "talent" that Las Vegas has to offer.When entering it doesn't even have the feel of a typical adult night club.  Gone is the sleaze of a dive club and in place is the lush, posh environment that feels like a large jazz lounge more than a strip club.  Mainstream vibes are delivered through the soft electronica beats in the background with various lit stages all over, awaiting the star performers of the night.  I've had friends come here for bachelor / bachelorette parties, with an overwhelming majority of approval from the females.  They love the men's side of Sapphire's where as most of the male patrons have probably seen better places.  I for one thought the ladies looked better in the dark lighting, which probably isn't very flattering to their daytime look.  They are still aggressive like any place nonetheless and larger groups (especially those in VIP) are likely to attract the most attention.
4	It's huge! The best thing about this place is the massive number of girls working here. You WILL feel like you're dining at an all you can eat buffet..at least I did the last time I went. I came here twice, once last Oct on a slow weekday and most were White. This time, I went on a Saturday and there were so many young little Asian girls, walking around with each other it had looked like they were high school boppers who dropped out and eloped together to Vegas to "make it". Not saying that it's a bad thing because Dayam, they were hot as hell if you like pretty faces and tiny bodies, but if not, then there are always the thick Latinas and fake White girls. Of course, I'm a fan of Asians so I was a happy camper that night. =)Of all the girls there, sexy Zario was my fav. The way she moved so seductively with her beautifully proportionate body made me doubt the possibility of my sexual preference for a second! oooh, and she has the sofest, smoothest, softest baby skin.Overall, the girls here are really fun as compared to other o so boring strip clubs with zombie barbie dolls on poles.
3	The place is like a warehouse. Super high ceilings, split down the middle with a walkway some 30 feet in the air where the strippers walk from down to the two stages. Spaced out pretty well to walk through, but if you're not sitting at the tip rail, you're not going to be seeing the girls on stage very well.There was like one hot girl out of the 20 that walked up to us in an hour span.Bland. Go to Spearmint Rhino.
4	Like all strip clubs you must go there on the right nights to find the right girls.  In my opinion going to Sapphire on a saturday night will ensure that you will find the hottest strippers in Vegas.  There are multiple stages to help give everyone a view in this huge warehouse of a strip joint.  However it is a little too big for its own good.  The seats and tables are packed tightly together so that sometimes its hard for strippers to reach you if you are sitting in the middle of it all.  The main sitting area is a little far from the stage so  even though you get a view, it won't be a good one.  Because of Saffire's comfortable seating and decent cigar selection its easy to stay for many hours.  Overall, Sapphire is one of the better strips clubs in Las Vegas and by extension, the world.
1	As a gentlemen's club, this is probably the best that Vegas has to offer now.  The girls are hot, the club is huge, and the music is awesome.  Overall service at this club is incredibleHowever, I'm giving this 1-star to make sure you all know what to expect.  There are no "nice" girls here.  DO NOT go into the VIP room.  DO NOT go into the champagne booth.  These girls are pros.  They will make sure you get drunk, you have fun, and they will find a way to get paid!The biggest scam you should watch for is double-billing.  These girls are pros at doing this.  They will charge you and then turn around and take money from your friend (who thought they paid for you).If you're drunk as hell, read this message, and still have it happen to you...you deserve it.Having said that...this club is awesome.  Just be aware that all of them are money-grubbing hos. In the end, they are just putting up an act to get as much out of you as possible.  Have fun, but don't be a dumb ass!
4	Wow... Huge... I don't even think i've seen every corner of this place... Several stages...Upstairs rooms...Girls are super nice... but... maybe cuz i'm a girl... actually... no... it's cuz they're strippers...Strippers are nice... and they smell nice...
1	I really don't know how I ended up here, it definitely wasn't by choice!  Haha.  I'm not into naked girls, but I think it's cool to watch girls do tricks on the poles.  I wouldn't even recommend this strip club even if you were wasted or unless you like old, prune-y women.  My idea of a strip club is pole dancing but all they had were girls (I swear I had seen before on campus) walking around and asking guys if they wanted lap dances.  I guess, if you're cheap and into voyeurism you can come here and watch other people getting lap dances, since they do it out in the open.  Me, on the other hand, bounced early and went straight home to exfoliate all the germs off me.
4	If Sapphire is the Costco of Vegas strip clubs, why isn't it less expensive?Doesn't matter - this place is great!Big = more choices / variety of girls!  A BIG plus!Male strippers = waste of time.  Girls look ever so much prettier in g-strings.Why 4 stars, you ask?  Not enough pole dancing.  LOVE pole dancing!
5	The man code prohibits me from giving you any explanation as to why Im giving them 5 stars.All I can say is we came here for a bachelor party.The End.
5	Now the drinks are fucking expensive as fuck, I bought my friend a shot of Patron and that shit cost me $15.  So get buzzed at the casino or in your hotel room.   Also you can't ask for a lap dance unless you are sitting in a booth where there is a two drink minimum, what kind of shit is that? Now you might be wondering why am I giving it 5 stars?  why good question. It was the "Exotic Dancer" named Alice, the waitress named Jackie and my female friend named "P" that made the experience awesome not just for me. First of all it was my friends first time going to a strip club so she thought that it was a little sleazy.  The decor is nice and it has that club feeling, especially with the over priced drinks. We sat  down and that is where we met Jackie our new Waitress.  My friend wanted another shot of patron, so I was like another fucking 15 bucks on a little shot...but I ordered it cause it was her first time.   To our surprise that cup was full to the top, not the shot glass but a regular cup.  It looked like it was 5 shots combined and for the same price.  Needless to say that after that, she was very happy and very friendly.  That is where Alice came and gave her a lap dance that she will never forget.  Put it this way, when we got back to Los Angeles, she looked up Alice on the web to see if she can know more about her. So see why I gave it 5 stars
3	I have a love/hate thing for this place.  The last couple of times I've gone here, I've argued with the bouncers, bar manager, and strippers.  It's a big strip club but it's hard to find a seat that is not reserved.  I actually like chillin' in the back bar.  It has perks.  I also went here for my bachelor's party and the stupid fuckin' stripper ripped my expensive shirt.  Yeah I had a good time, but I liked my shirt.  It's one of the biggest strip clubs around.  If you have a free drink coupon, make sure you tell your server before ordering your drink.  They will not honor them if you present them when your bill arrives.  It's a cool spot though.
2	Way overpriced and rude staff.  They act like they are doing you a favor by charging you and letting you in.  Disgusting!  Olympic Gardens is much better with hotter women.
4	I've heard Sapphire referred to as "The Costco of the strip club world". This made me profoundly curious - ponderous, even.  Are there hefty patrons standing idly, blocking entire isles, dumb-found by over-whelming selection? Would I feel like a soul-less consumer after 10 minutes of browsing? Would a "bulk quantities" approach precipitate reinforced dancing poles and spotters for lap dances? Where would the name tags go? These were questions that tugged at my very core.  So, my lovely co-researcher/love of my life/seriously naughty temptress "A" and I packed up the car and headed east to Where-the-HELL-is-my-money-topia. Ahhh, Vegas. The place that loves to pretend it is a little naughtier than it actually is. Sure there is a multitude of ways to go broke/end up in jail/contract new and interesting diseases, but you really have to look sometimes. In this, Sapphire stands out. It's is huge.  You can't miss it.  Mr. Magoo could find this place half drunk with a bucket on his head. We entered a nicely decorated (for a strip club) lobby and were greeted by some of the largest, nicest (thank you, sir) men I have ever seen. - Nice greeters just like at Costco? Check. From there, A and I were directed to the cash register. - Cash registers? Check. Having to pay money to enter (membership fee)? Check. OK, so at this rate, this review is going to be too long and extra special annoying. Let's just drop the Costco jokes. I wouldn't say Sapphire is the Costco of the strip club world, but rather the Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory of strip clubs. It feels like it never ends, you tend to lose sight of reality and there is enough (eye) candy to make choosing almost impossible. A strip club in a building this big MUST have been built by some poor guy compensating for something (It's his little penis. He's compensating for his teeny-weeny weeny). For your floor show enjoyment, Sapphire is equipped with three semi-connected stages that no one really seems to pay much attention to. The room is so large and full, that just getting to and from a stage to tip a dancer would require a ration of water and a compass. The poles aren't even attached to anything. Well, they attach to the floor (I think stripper technology is still a few years away from the levitating poles), but they only go up 8 feet  (the ceiling is at least 25). So no pole dancing, but tether ball possibilities GALORE! The poor girls rotate between stages as the songs change from the first micro stage up to the next, totally inaccessible stage that is so high the temptation to spit off of it must be overwhelming for the dancers, back to another comically tiny stage.  All this real estate inside and they have these poor girls dancing on coffee tables.  Let them be free.  Let them run and play and gyrate as God intended!  Free Range Strippers I say!This all sounds bad, right? NO! It is very, very good - just hear me out. There are TONS of girls there slithering (a sexy slither, not a creepy, weasely "wanna buy a watch" slither) between the floor seats. They were everywhere. The girls on stage are there because you have to have girls on stage.  But, the real show is happening in/close to your lap (fees and restrictions may apply). The view was great, especially when someone's butt was blocking it. Sapphire was crowded but I swear there was still a girl for every 5 customers and not an ugly one in the bunch.  Each "entertainer" was at least cute and all of them had bodies that can only come from copious amounts of time doing things that require a sports bra. Then there are the servers; ours was very nice, cute, and as quick as she could be considering having to cover distances that would make Lance Armstrong wince.   And we can't forget the "shot girls" (nasty shots, nice girls) pushing vial drinks (see, that's funny because they come in a vial, but they are also vile.  It's funny, damn it.  You just wait.  You'll snicker when you see them.). Sapphire is expensive, especially if you become smitten as we did. Especially if your girlfriend falls in love, as mine did. It is doubly so if you strongly encourage the ladies to enjoy each other's "company", as I could not help but do.  Ask for the tour before you pick what you want. Our lovely assistant was very helpful and talked us out of several more expensive options in favor of one that would provide the three of us with the most time and ... freedom.  Did I spend the equivalent of a full month's rent that night? Yes I did. Do I regret it? Not on your life. I'm saving up to do it again as I write this. We knew we were going to go all out. We had been planning Operation: Naughty Bits for months.  I will say if we had shown up only planning to spend $100, we would have not had much fun.  Expensive, but worth every penny!
3	I was REALLY looking forward to reviewing Chippendales.  But here I am, reluctantly reviewing Sapphire for a bachelorette party I attended last weekend.  And boys...I am here only to review the Men of Sapphire. Sapphire claims to be the "largest" gentlemen club in Vegas.  So woohoo for them!?  It is located off the strip, though not far, as the ride to Sapphire was more around 10 minutes.  The girls and I were told that Sapphire offers complimentary limo ride from your hotel to the joint. What a big misconception.  A small Shuttle bus comes to the hotel around 9:15pm showed up instead.  It was nothing glamorous, definitely wasn't impressed.  And then I was told that everyone is required to tip the driver $3.  A taxi ride to share among the girls would most likely end up being the same.  And yes, that made me grumpy because I wanted to go to Chippendales, dang it!  So then the 15 of us were escorted to the admission line, where we each shelled out $40 for the Men of Sapphire.  We had to wait in the main bar area because the show didn't start until 10pm.  So I waited and diverted my attention to the girls dancing on stage, thinking "wow, must hurt to be able to bend like that.  But eh, you ain't got anything I don't have!"I would definitely suggest getting there early because you get seated more in the front, "closer to the actions" so to speak.  Briefly after getting seated, the bartender wasted no time going around taking orders.  I had a midori sour, which cost me $11.  Oh, and we were also treated with a free round of shot, as part of the $40.  I don't know what it was...but it tasted more like grapefruit juice to me than alcohol.  The show starts promptly, and it was one cheesy-ness after another.  The guys come out dressed as a doctor, firefighter, cop, and other ones I can't remember.  The best/funniest part was the Asian guy dancing/singing to Justin Timberlake's d!ck in a box.  It was pretty lame, but hilarious!  They also call girls up on stage to give lap dances to, which were paid for ($20?) before the show starts.   Overall, this place really wasn't as bad as I had expected.  We left around midnight, and boy was that place quiet already!  And they must be hurting for money too.  All I see were the men talking to girls and taking them to the back to do who knows what!  That's what I'd like to know. So ladies, if you're looking for some clean fun, Sapphire is a bit lame, but entertainment factor is there!  I've also been told that Chippendales and Thunder Down Under attract more of an older crowd, not the case here.              i had an okay time, but definitely don't wanna revisit.
1	NO. Don't go here if you: are a couple or aren't a baller. The girls won't even look at you. My date and I had to flag down entertainers and even our waitress.If you don't have money, the girls won't bother with you, which is understandable, but to a point. When my date didn't want to spend the $X for the VIP room, our entertainer left ASAP. Before that, he had bought two table dances, a "tall" drink, and gave a generous tip.Way too overpriced. Girls don't even get in for free. $30 a person. Drinks are $15, make it a "tall" for $6 more. I was not impressed with the girls. Most looked way too worn-for-wear, and it wasn't that late either.If you do choose to go here, make sure to bring cash. The ATM charges are out of control. I believe it was $15 for a $20 withdrawal.PS: If you watched Rock of Love 2, Rock of Love Charm School, or I Love Money 2, "Frenchy" Angelique works here Thursday through Saturday nights.
5	The place is fricking expensive, but if you know the ins and outs- the joint can be phenomenal!!Two ways to bypass the $30 cover- have a Nevada state ID or driver's license, the other way is for visitors.  Call for a limo from Sapphire and not only do you get a free limo ride to the club, but the cover is gratis...  As per my favorite limo driver Jeannie, most people tip about $10 for the ride.  I tip $20.  A price of a lapdance... Depending on where you're staying a cab ride is about $15-$20.  Unless you go during one of their special nights like Monday Night Football or March Madness, the drinks are way too expensive...   I agree with another yelper, yes, get buzzed before you get there and perhaps have a flask with you.  Don't go into the VIP  unless you're willing to spend some money,  It cost a hunny spot plus a drink minimum and those drinks are about $16 each.   However, one can have fun in that area if you choose the right dancer...Don't quote me, but the Skyboxes which supposedly are similar to the ones @ Staples Center in LA are $500 minimum.   They even have a karaoke room @ Sapphire...Quite frankly, I hate it when they have an attendant in the mens room.  @ my age, I go a lot and if I have to pay a buck each time I relieve myself, it can get expensive...   Depending on where the cat sets up, you can veer right or left after you wash your hands to avoid the dude...Right now, I recommend Daisy Delfina.  Get to know an in the know dancer and she'll give you the ins and outs of the club...I'll be back for a poker tournament in May...
1	All these girls was just trying to hustle. They didn't even cover even if you got bottle service.  The limo driver even tried hustling. This place was all about making there money, the service was whack! They didn't even try working for there money either...
2	As a former review said...this place is all about money and nothing else. hell, at one point a waitress is shining a little flashlight in my hand (unexpectedly) ---probably seeing how much money i had on me. not cool. not cool at all. i really hate leaving a bad review here since i do know some people who work there. i can say that the limo drivers and male hosts were very nice but i really think they should cut down on the girls....but then again, i did say this place was all about money... so less girls would mean less house fees for sapphire. (doh!)(again sorry to say it) go to rhino. yes. better drink prices and it's very dark and more intimate as well.
5	yo, I's serious.   Dis is me Good Luck club or something, cause when as soon as I walk in, I's got all these hoey looking girls all up on me.   I figure they like my bling, thats why.   or maybe because I's handsome.I gots me dog bone growing like mad inches up in this club.    i just wave me hand and be like,  "Yo, you want some of this big dong or what?"     and the girls just come on over.    I just have good luck in this club.
1	dude!!!!! no way never again. $12.00 for a beer!! they must be smoking some bad stuff!
1	Ah, Bachelor Parties. If it isn't the clubbing, the boozing, the smoking, the snorting, or the sight-seeing?!, then it's the ass and boobs.Ass and boobs at a price.Now you could roll up here with all your friends and be that one guy. The one guy who actually has a job and buys the bachelor his "dances."Or you can be the other guy. The other guy who will not shell out anything for a boner.I chose to be the second guy.The choice of women was weak. The place was said to have been a converted fitness club. Looks like the girls dancing here were never members of any fitness club.Now, when sh*t like this goes down, I stick to my approach.Ninja-like, I avoid buying anything. Now with a crap selection of women, and your group possibly being the only people in this deserted home for the ugly, you don't want to waste money. Don't feel bad for them, they'll get baby food money on the next group of suckers that walks in.Get a booth. And sit smack dab center of the booth. The farthest seat from either entrance or exit into and out of the booth. There should be at least 2 or 3 guys flanking your right and left. I hope you didn't drink too much before this and don't drink anything additional before choosing this seat. You'll be there a while. While your friends insipidly pay for "dances" and tip for drinks, you sit there, unreachable.Avoid eye contact as much as you can, and you're gold. You have enough money for some late night eats, or possibly for the next stop which is hopefully a better strip club.
1	We came here because the bellboy at our hotel recommended it and they "bought" our first round of drinks.  The girls here were alright but not that friendly and they were barely putting on a show worth watching.  We stayed about 10 minutes then moved on to someplace else.  It was a big waste of $30 and time.
4	Sapphire - Cool strip club, not as club feeling as seemless, it feels more like a huge restaurant with no food, and girls walkin around. LOL. I heard the champagne room was really cool. Cost a couple g's to get up there but F that! I'd rather play it on a table! Hahah did get bottle service here and got really drunk. They say this is the biggest strip club in the world...
4	What a great spot to have a 21 st birthday party for my little brother. It was one to remember. Like any strip club you have to pay.
1	This is probably one of the worst strip clubs in the US.  Our limo driver took us here as some of our friends talked it up.  The bouncers were hella RUDE, stuck up, and full of themselves.  We had a group of 10 people, guys and girls, and they wanted to charge everyone.  Charging girls?  We ended up going elsewhere and had much more fun.  There are ALOT more better places to go to in LV if you are looking for a strip club.  Better looking girls,  better attitude, and much more fun.I do NOT recommend ANYONE coming here.  Waste of time.
1	WOW What a joke! WHERE do i even start???  We had 30 people with us on a MONDAY and ready to party all night. Money was not an option but the club turned us ALL AWAY!  Thinking we would not drink our share? Honestly what else do they think we were going to do? We have never been so disrespected at the door in any establishment, ANY!  SAPPHIRE hates ASIANS AND BLACK people i guess?  They even asked us to do bottle service when there was NOBODY INSIDE !!!!! Unprofessional, would be too nice of a comment. Save your money people... there is a reason why this place gets overall three stars?...it's because people are too intoxicated prior to arriving to the club to notice this monstrosity of a business. I would not even list this place as a last resort. WE WILL NEVER COME BACK AND WE WILL SPREAD THE WORD...apparently a gift we all fortunately have amongst the entertainment industry.  I cant even believe im putting one star.
3	I thought I had reviewed this place but come to think about it, coming here to start off my cousin's bachelorette fiesta I remember why I probably shouldn't go into much detail.One of the maid of honor's set up all the logistics and our entire party of sexy ladies made our way past the ropes and escorted to our table. We were treated to bottle service of champ and ice cold top shelf vodka, with mixers of course cause we classy ladies don't get dirty till much later in the evening ;). On the way to our tables in a ballroom/staged area I noticed a large seperate room for the dudes to hang out. Personally I would've rather been in that room and watch ladies dance rather than have saggy balls in my face but alas, I digress. We stayed for the (1 hr.) cheesy all-male dance ensemble, watched women get flipped over upside down, witnessed heavy grinding and pure adulterated fun.
5	my 100th review and I'm dedicating it to one of the most expensive, but fun clubs in las vegas. as a strip club virgin, its difficult for me to judge the club based on the girls or the service or the dancing OR the stripping. But, a solid 5 star experience for me simply because it was the perfect ending to an amazing night as well as a whirlwind trip to sin city. Or, a fantastic beginning to a very hungover morning. After clubbing at Pure, and drinking more at vbar, my friends and I hopped into a cab and he recommended Sapphires and told us to "ask for candy, the stripper that looks like jessica alba" We were SOLD. Cover is $30, (most expensive cover for a girl in vegas) and drinks are EXPENSIVE, but you either expect it already, or are too drunk to care. I love how there are tables all around, and girls just walking around. It's like a catwalk but the girls are so close to you! ...you can touch them! There are a wide variety of girls, and I believe that if you stay long enough (like we did) they change shifts, or something. Flag down the one you like and buy a lapdance or simply enjoy the show on stage. My friends and i were blown away when the stripper picked up bills with her boobs. *note to self, must learn trick*Definitely a fun night. Really, the best ending any girl (and guy) could have asked for.
1	No excuses here. I got convinced by a friend to check that place out. What I didn't know before is that it will cost you a fortune just to get in, and it will cost you even more to retain/increase your level of drunkenness. And the girls know how to make their money.Therefore, not many words here: hot girls, but be prepared to get ripped off. It's a Gentlemen's Club. Know what to expect.Personally, they overcharged me at the door, tried to pull more money than I authorized from my credit card , and one of the bartenders turned out to be a complete jerk. Thanks for that experience!
1	Would I ever return there again? In a word..... No. It is a large place, the largest in the world I'm told. The girls, for the most part, are hot, but be prepared to say no to them. Take your time. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE CASH BEFORE YOU GET THERE!!!! They will overcharge your cards and the ATM charges on a sliding scale. To withdraw 100 dollars it takes around 20% in fees. (wonder who thought that one up)This place isn't a "nudie bar" in the truest sense, it's topless. I heard somewhere that because of the liquor licenses that "all nude" establishments can't serve booze. But some of the girls make up for that. Overall I was unimpressed. Bigger isn't always better. There was a place on Freemont St. that was smaller, older and FAR better. The secret to getting around paying a cover is to go to your hotel concierge, ask about getting a freebee into a club. The limo driver gets kickbacks and can get you into these clubs for free. My recommendation,  pass on this place.
3	Me and my girlfriends came her to see the girls. We got in for free but had to be escorted by a male. The front desk and security was very unfriendly as were most of the dancers. To make money you have to be friendly and smile. Some haven't grasped that concept yet. We got lap dances from three girls. I wish I could remember their names...Brazil was one. We hung out for a few hours and soon realized that we got the best of the best after seeing about 20 different girls. The drinks were $14 a pop---so beware. I'm used to a 2 drink min at these type of clubs but spending almost $30 on drinks and then a $20 lap dance, tipping the dancers and the waitress can add up. So, come with your pockets full.
4	Been here twice and had a great time. My last adventure here was on a Monday night. Bought a VIP package that included the cover charge, pickup and drop off from the club, guaranteed floor seating and a drink card. Best way to go. Chauefur told our group there were about 250 girls working. That is lot of ladies for a Monday night. After being settled in at our table the ladies kept on coming. Talent was not bad at all for a Monday night. Lots of 8's & 9's working. Very pricey though. Lap dances were standard rate but drinks and more "private time" were outrageous. Overall it was a good time. The ladies were hot and I would definitely come back.
3	What's with the hate? This place is pretty damn big, hell this place used to be football stadium or something. 400 girls to pick one, and not one of them was a midget. Apparently the midget works at a different strip club during the day shift of all things! Oh wellz, no biggie.We got a flyer stating that if we called the number, they would pick us up in a limo anywhere on the strip and bring us there for FREE and we wouldn't have to pay a cover. tip your driver, be nice now. Pretty awesome. There were a ton of girls dressed like skanks there, hiding under the heat lamps, its january ladies, not june here! but hey if you wanna dress like that at a strip club, that's your thing. No one will mistake you for being a stripper, really...don't bother to try that route. Inside, bouncers let us in with no problem. We got a table with a good view of the stage, not right up on the stage. The ladies here are here to make money. Period. Yes they hustle but hell isn't that what strippers do? Milk as much money out of guys as possible. I mean they don't see guys, they see dollar bills, sometimes $20. With that said, you can say no to girl. There are 400 to pick from. If you go with a girl, the strippers won't be swarming around you. Tip them at the stage if you want them to give you a lap dance. They'll remember to come around for you. Hell they want they're money. Drinks weren't too pricey. Waitresses were pretty cool, they weren't forcing you to buy drinks every 20 minutes. Hell they let you drink it. They even have cigars for your lungs if you want. It was a pretty fun experience. Just know where to go and look for some deals. sad that the midget stripper wasn't there. And remember what happens in vegas stays in vegas. Also skybox and vip area, well what you do there, is your own business.
5	theres a never ending swarm of strippers attacking like piranhasits awesome!my friend was on E and kept buying lap dances,how the fk do u go 2 a strip club on Ethat dude had such a blasttheres at least 300 strippers there onfriday or saturday nightsand they all ATTTTAAAACCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This has to be one of the best strip clubs in Las Vegas! There is every single type of girl you can imagine roaming around in this place. There had to be at least 100 different girls I seen walking by while I was there. They all look amazing and will surely satisfy anyone's taste.The inside of the place looks great and the Dj spins the hottest hits all night. Some of the girls are very talented and can take the glorious stage like no other. The 3 side massive stage is an amazing site to behold, especially when you are sitting front row helping the ladies get through college.I have nothing to complain about, if your looking for a strip club in Vegas, THIS IS IT!
4	haha. a disclaimer: imma not a big strip club goer, but i had to write a lil review of this fine establishment..4words: the costco of stripclubs..  wow.. this place is huge..and to my new friend that i made that night.. good luck on that broadcasting career!!
4	Mega mall of strip clubs. You can go and not spend a lot of money, but whats the fun in that. Call for a free limo ride and get free admission. Drinks are expensive, and if you're at a table, they expect you to order once in a while. Strippers don't hound you for lap dances. Dances are $20. Not sure how much the private ones are. This is just a cool place to hang out with friends, drink, and enjoy the eye candy. If you have a problem with paying club prices for drinks and dances, you're too cheap to be there. Not sure what happens in the private dance areas, but the dances on the main floor are fairly tame and not too shocking if you're with chicks.
1	A WHOLE LOTTA SUCK!If you want to be charged $12.00 for a BUD LIGHT...yes you read that right A BUD LIGHT.  Come to this place.We did get in free (4 of us)  We did get our first drink free, but if you want to drink more than 1-2 beers do NOT go to this place.The girls here even sucked.   This place used to be $4-5/beer and the girls were all at LEAST Vegas 7.5s.   Fast forward and again I am going to say it, a WHOLE LOTTA SUCK.   Don't don't don't don't don't don't.If anyone LIKES this club they are FULL of crap.   I will NEVER go there again.    Corporate greed has taken over.
4	After going through all of the reviews here, I knew exactly what me and my friends were up against. Expensive drinks, maybe some aggressive strippers, and a huge strip club. Went on a Monday night at around midnight using the limo service. Driver was a cool dude, very friendly. Once we got in, it was fairly empty. Half of the massive floor tables were closed off and there were still plenty of empty tables near the podium where the pole and featured stripper were. Got a couple of lap dances for me and my friend and inbetween just enjoyed the music and all the action that was going on around us. The girl that gave me the lapdance was very nice and let me know exactly how much everything was going to cost and when each dance was over. I recommend doing all of your drinking well before you get picked up by the limo so that it'll all kick in once you get to the club and you wont waste any money on the overpriced drinks from the bar.
3	Yeah, she got it written on herHer swag on leanThe way she dancin on meYou can tell that she a queenHer mama wouldn't like it, her daddy wouldn't eitherThe way she grindin on me - you can tell shawty's a keeper~~~~~~I was here as a supporting character for the bachelor, who was enjoying one of his final fruitful moments as a legally single man.I prefer not to spend my scrill here.  Oddly it just doesn't sit right with me helping put America's future dental or medical professionals through school.  Even if it's just paying to enter, it's keeping me from putting new sneakers on my feet or crisp threads on my ample frame.  Unacceptable.This place was enormous.  This helped me duck and cover...bob and weave.  Avoiding contact for most of the night.  I even stopped dropped and rolled.  Word is bond.The girls were girls.  The tig ole bitties were tig ole bitties (see diagram below).(  .  )(  .  )   \    .    /   /         \       I     Y    II took the hottest shower ever in the history of hot-showerdom as soon as I got back to the room.3 stars because I still managed to have a good time watching suckers getting con'ed into the VIP room for a minimum of 2 GWOP's a pop.Oh yeah, 7 time NBA champion Robert Horry was in the house.Don't sweat the technique.
5	Sapphires is my favorite strip club in Vegas...not that I'm a connoisseur of strip clubs or anything like that.  This place is huge and all there are so many dancers it makes your head spin.  Every type of woman a guy could want.  I'm not lesbian but I can totally appreciate a woman's beauty.  There are a lot of ridiculously hot dancers here with amazing bodies.  I'm a chick and chicks are usually really critical of other women and even I think they're hot.  I love the music here too.  There's a glass catwalk overhead and the girls dance above you.  There's lots of tables and space, so it's spacious.  The doormen are cool but maybe that's just because I'm a girl.  I've never been in the VIP room so I can't comment on that.  I love watching the girls do the crazy pole tricks too.  The drinks are good here too, not shiesty, like other clubs.  I don't know how but whenever we go here we roll in a limo or party bus, don't have to pay, and get drink tickets.  Someone I know, knows someone.  I don't know how the biz works, so sorry that I can't share that hook up.  Ask around if you plan on going here.
4	Assume the "sucka" position:----------------------------------------- You'll be asked to slouch back in your chair which means sitting your ass at the edge of the cushion. This maximizes stripper to crotch contact, but it can't be good for your posture.- Make sure your pockets don't have anything in them (except for cash otherwise the stripper will instinctively go elsewhere). They'll need your front pockets empty because for the next couple of minutes your lap and face will be the playground for a gyrating topless female on the verge of leaving you a slug mark. They'll make sure to empty your pockets.- Lap dances are about $20-$30, and they vary in length. Also the style or what they do, all depends on the chick. The hot breath on the crotch technique might be semi-exclusive to Ling Ling.Alize, Mercedes, Lexus......Hyundai to the Stage:-------------------------------------------------------------- Like with some women, there's some who really know how to get what they want. The same goes for strip clubs which means there's some fuglier or aggressive older chicks who know how to pry the last dollar from your pockets. While there's also others with minimal ass-ets who also know how to do this, but they do it with chit chat and a smile on their face. I prefer a smile when I'm getting hustled.- If you have cash in hand, make sure you quickly hide it, otherwise a stripper lurking nearby will potentially pounce on you for it. Naturally they'll try to distract you with a boob to the face/eye/etc which could temporarily blind/distract you, but unfortunately if this happens to you, even a death grip on your cash won't help cuz It didn't with me - the stripper basically tugged on the cash till I let go (sad). Instead the money was meant for the chick that we asked over, but the rabid stripper who attacked, than asked me for an additional $10 more for a lap dance that I didn't even want (well from her). After about 2 mins into it, I just told her to get up and find another lap. My lap wanted nothing to do with her.Dicks and Douchebags--------------------------------- The front door guys and a couple of the guys working security here seemed to be huge f'n dickheads. The f'n douchebags are extremely rude, but I'm sure they also deal with their fair amount of douchebaggery and dickheads cuz it comes with the territory, but I think this is bad for repeat business.Working Hard for a Buck---------------------------------I'm not the biggest fan of strip clubs, but I've been to my fair share of them and Sapphire wasn't as bad as I was expecting. Luckily they had some fairly hot chicks so that always works a star or two out of me.... along with a couple $20's here'n'there, but at least the money goes to a good cause: chicks paying their way through school, single moms, an Affliction shirt for their bf, 22's on the BMW 6 series, and an eight ball of yay-yo.
3	Holy Jeebus Man! This is like the Costco of strip clubs!! Not for value, but for the sheer enormity of it. A group of us descended on this joint like drunken vultures. Cover was something ridic. Beer prices were astronomical. I probably would've told my taxi driver to find me a low rent joint if I had to put up the cash for this shindig. But I didn't. So I stayed. And drank lots of beer. Got a couple lap dances. There were ladies EVERYWHERE! Seriously, I have never seen so many single moms and student loan payers all together in one place, ever. Tall. Short. White. Black. Curvy. Surfboard. Guaranteed that some girl is gonna be just what the Dr. ordered. Here's why this joint doesn't get more stars. After a dance from a hot raven haired gal, I asked her if she could send a tattooed dancer my way. I see I gorgeous gal strolling over with quite a bit of work done. Score! Well, that's what I thought until she laid this little spiel on me. "I know the owners personally so I can't dance on the floor. I can give you 3 dances for $120. There's a two drink minimum so you have to take care of the cocktail waitress as well. BUT - I'll throw in an extra dance" Pfft! Are you serious? Even our cash laden sponsors for the evening scoffed at that one. Sorry darling - but the ends just don't justify the means for this scenario. Either way - I had a blast. As evidenced by the fact that when I walked out the sun was up, the birds were chirping, and light was killing my eyes. DEVIL!
2	the biggest strip club in the world?!?!?!  im there!!!  walked in around 10 ish...still early for vegas time but we just couldn't wait to have boobies rubbed all over us especially my homeboy eugine y. that wrote the review below mine.  haha!!!  what up nucka...holla at cha boy!  $30 bux to get in as usual in vegas.  walked in and it was extremely packed full of perverts.  it was pretty much standing room unless we got bottle service.  so we ended up getting a bottle skyy for $350...ouch!  where we sat seemed like a prime spot, in the middle of the club towards the back, felt like a vip for the moment.  some of these girls will try and rip u off!  its $20 for a lap dance, some were trying to say its more!  $200 for 30 min. vip dance in the back with a 2 drink minimum for both you and the stripper.  you do have the option to do $100 for 15 mins but they won't tell you that.  they said there was a few hundreds girls that night working but it felt way less than that.  we started to notice a pattern, wtf is up with all the ugly bishes coming up to us???  is it because we look like a group of perverted asians???  probably!  haha!  we did have my boy who was white sitting with us so we did get some action come our way but it was all asian chicks!  i have nothing against asian chicks but im asian so i wanted to see something different.  its like having chinese food every night at home and when you go out to dinner, you want some tacos once in awhile...ya heard!  then you hear from the dj...sapphires welcomes nba champion robert horry in the house.  then it clicked, all the hot bishes are probably with his entourage!  overall, i would have rather spent the night at a bar somewhere on the strip watching hot chicks walk by in their club outfits!!!  ain't that right eugine y.?!?!?!
4	Yes !!!!! People Vegas,I can't belive we ended up in this joint but, it was sooooo fun. The ladies there pop lock and drop it on your face,no to mention they were nice and super duper pretty. I wasn't being picky seeing is that I'm use too geto hoes. That night I took it all in. Its a bit pricey I probably wouldn't had paid the cover or for drinks,  But we just happen to get extremely lucky,The girls are gorgeous there so gorgeous I had to say it twice:) Anyone who stumbles into this place  won't be disappointed, a lil broke but Its worth the pop locking happy hours. :) Proud supporter of the Arts.
3	So it's the last night in Las Vegas and both me and my friend wanted to take our guys out to a strip club. Now both of us have never been to a strip club so we were curious. We reserved the free limo and got free cover. The limo came to pick us up and we were off to Sapphire. The place is huge and there were a lot of girls and they weren't all bad looking either. So both me and my friend sat back and enjoy the show on the stage and even got our guys some lap dances too. We spent a good 4 hours there because the guys didn't want to leave and by the time we did leave, we were covered in smoke. The service was good. There were waitresses constantly asking if we needed anything.
3	It was either Spearmint Rhino or Sapphire's, but I leaned towards Sapphire's since many said it's like Costco. And, I like Costco. I booked one of their VIP packages through their online reservation system. I called for a limo to pick both my wife and I up, and they sent transportation down within 20 minutes. We had a black Hummer limo waiting for us which looked like it could've fit 15 people and we were the only couple the driver picked up before dropping us off in the front. Once we got in past the front door, I presented my payment printouts to the cashier behind the cage and she took a long time to find and verify I paid. Their organization of paperwork was very poor from what I noticed and everything wasn't filed in a manner easy to find. I waited almost 30 minutes before they could settle everything. Once I was lead to the host, I was immediately shoved to the side until I presented my printouts and told the host I was VIP. Then his attitude changed, and I was directed to a table. Long story short: Topless dancers only. Waitress great. Drinks great. Good, bad, and some awesome eye candy. My wife and I had a great time after we had a couples dance in the VIP room. The dancers are drawn more towards groups than couples. Lucky, Lucky, me love you long time! Getting there was a piece of cake after calling the complimentary limo phone number, but getting back with the house limo was another thing. With a busy Saturday night, only taxis are available for immediate rides. If you want to take the house limo back, be prepared for a long wait. Plus, you have to wait in the back of the place where their valet parking lot is located. We waited more than 1.25 hours before a limo swung by and it was cold outside at 12:30 AM. At least the wait time helped me sober up after 8 drinks. 3 stars particularly for the waitress, transportation, and our VIP dancer. I docked 2 stars for the unorganized bouncers and cashier. Next time, I'll go to Spearmint Rhino. Hopefully, I'll have a better experience.
4	Went here for a bachelor party last week. I came here with a group of guys, expecting that I had to pay to get in too but they let me in for free so that was nice. It didn't matter cause my cover charge went to one of the girls on the floor anyway. I'd have to agree with the other yelpers and say they definitely have all types of girls here. I'm not lez but some of these chicks were crazy hot.I'd really recommend getting your pre-game on and drinking before hand, but if there's a large group you might as well buy a table with a couple bottles and have the chickies come to you. I mean they already come to you, though it seemed like they gravitated toward the groups.  I had such a good time here and got the meanest lap dance from a girl... next thing I know I have no money left.
3	Went here a couple weekends ago cause we got tempted to go after a fun night at XS.  Expected a lot more out of this Gentlemen's Club.  Probably because my friend said it was crackin for a bachelor party and MANswers said this was the biggest strip club in the world, female-wise, but I guess the quality just wasn't there when we got here around 4:30AM.  Got free drink passes from the taxi driver, but still had to pay $30 to get in.  Bathroom attendant guy here was the biggest dick ever.  Mexican dude looked like he was on drugs and wanted to fight us when he hella stared us down and said THANK YOU like a dick for not tipping him shit after we just took a piss and washed our hands.  They also kicked us out of the other bar around 5AM and made us move to the main bar near the front entrance.  I like the setup at Spearmint Rhino a little more too.  More classy with better quality from what I've seen.But yeah, I guess you can't expect much from a strip club when you roll in at 4:30AM and all the dimes who work the main time slot during the busiest times at night on the weekend are already gone having breakfast somewhere or are fast asleep.If you plan on coming here, look for those limo card deals where they drive you there for free, give you free admission, and give you a free drink.  Just make sure you have enough money for the taxi ride back to your hotel since all these Vegas strip clubs are places in some shady ass areas off the strip.
4	this was the first gentlemen's club I've been to, and is pretty much the only one I go to. First time was for a bachelor party. I went in not knowing what to expect, but as soon as you walk thru the doors, its almost as if you were entering the gates of heaven. This place is crazy big.There is this song by one Mr. Teddy Penderass aka T-Pain entitled "I'm in love with a stripper." this man speaks the truth. many a times I've fell in love when I come to this place. Thru my several trips, I will give a few tips. 1. Talk to a doorman of the taxi lobby of a hotel, get a free limo ride, sometimes even free cover, and a free round of drinks. 2. Saturday night is a busy night, but if you wanna just chill and talk to girls, Sundays are awesome. 3. showing up at 4am versus 10-midnightish seems like a big difference in terms of lineup.Sapphire is great
2	Only go here if you're desperate. That was the only reason why we went there (we heard from word-of-mouth that you don't need a male escort to come here) I understood that the security guards needed to give us a hard time for being two straight women wanting to watch other women dance (and taking business away from them), but that didn't even compare to the quality of girls that Wednesday night, sleazy-brothelesque atmosphere, and rude pimp/DJ openly reprimanding the girls over the loud-speaker. The more appealing and talented girls were hard to find, and Sapphire's was just interesting enough for us to stay a couple of hours. It was a disappointing experience for me since I've been to a more posh gentleman's club in SF. Next time I'll just make the effort and go to the Rhino, which you should too!
3	So for a bachelor party you gotta have a trip to the strip club.  We were torn between Sapphire or Spearmint Rhino.  We heard this was literally the world's largest strip club so we were like we gotta check it out.  So when we arrived I must admit this place is gigantic.  They claim to have 400 dancers.  From the looks of things I would say they are close to that.Strip clubs are usually a waste of money but you gotta go through it.  It's like a rite of passage before getting hitched.  Well we wanted to take care of the groom to be.  So we paid for whatever.  Basically the song no sex in the champagne room applies.This place is like the a scene out of a bruce lee movie.  But instead of fighting people and climbing up the temple, you pay more and more to go up to the higher and higher VIP areas.Each time they waste time processing the money etc, so by the time you've made it up to the top you've spent literally over a 1000 for nothing.It's just a huge rip-off.  The girls were OK, I was expecting more from Vegas strippers.  WHEN we come back for another bachelor party we're doing spearmint rhino instead.
1	The worst Gentlemen's Club experience EVER! I arrived with a group of 12 good friends for my brother's bachelor party. The first of many surprises was not being on the Comp list that we were put on by a reliable friend who works with the place. Second, was paying $30 each. Third we had to buy a bottle for $380 (didn't tell us about the $80 gratuity fee) just to have a place where we could all sit down. They stuck us for $740 before we even sat down. The venue is supposed to be one of the largest in the world, but only have about 15 seats in front of the stages. If you don't find a seat there you must buy a $380 bottle to sit in the other 200-300 seats. Nice ratio. This place is designed to rip off people, and for grand finale the girls were not up to par. This is an honest review from a good person who doesn't require much.
3	What bachelorette party isn't complete with a little male strip revue of some sort? Really, I'm asking. I would personally like to know. I will put it out there, I've never been to a strip club with a male show. Had an idea, but really not entirely sure of what to expect, considering all of the strip clubs I've ever been to in LA have included high cover, lousy and expensive drinks. Cover Charge - So, I can't honestly speak toward the cover. Our adventure to Sapphire was included in a VIP package my group paid for. Club space - Walking into the club, it was huge. HUGE! Well, bigger than I had anticipated when I had walked in. There was a large area where I presume all the men ventured to watch women. And then behind a velvet curtain, my group went to a large room, complete with private bar, full stage with a cat walk and a couch area (for all of the private strip teases).Drinks - expensive and pretty weak. I'll leave it at that. They were $10 for a vodka tonic. And it was pretty much $0.50 worth of tonic water and a splash of vodka put into a small plastic cup. I chuck it up to this place being a strip club and really, you have to know what you're getting into. You don't come here because the drinks are good. Male Revue Show - It was entertaining, I'll give you that much. They really do a good job catering to the bachelorette parties. Which is super fun. The guys are nice and pretty attractive. And overall the show was just really funny. I couldn't stop laughing, I just thought it was so over the top. And hey, that's kinda what you pay for - to have a fun night out and be entertained. I'll just finish by saying - TAKE IT OFF! TAKE IT OFF! haha!
4	This review is for "The Men Of Sapphire" ....SO MUCH FUN! Went here for a bachelorette party. The $50 ticket included limo transportation, front row table, a round of shots and since we booked in advace a bottle of champagne. The guys were hot...really friendly and lots of fun. We all had a fabulous time, and the bachelorette was treated great. Only knocked them down a star because their limo driver was a dick, and the waiter didn't know about the champagne deal, so I had to show him the email, and it turned into a whole ordeal.
4	4 1/2 stars for I think the largest gentlemens club in vegasOk folks here is the deal with Sapphires's depending when you go month, week or day their will be girls there haha mostly on the weekends it seems girls from all over fly down to do a lil dance for all to see. If you ask they will tell whether it is a lie or not is irrelevant because your in vegas you can be from anywhere. For the most part I have been here few times for friends bachelor parties if not for my own bachelor party back in 07 got to say best time to go is still during the AVN convention first or second week of January, bottle service is bank but if you get it, seems more of the women flock to your group haha you really can't go wrong here, it is honestly the only time in a mans life where you can say NO THANK YOU over and over to several women until you find one or more that you like , hahahahaha they got all colors and all types here, pros, amateurs, thick and straight bony, top heavy, bottom heavy and several inbetweens, again place you go with your boys or for some of you bold girlfriends will go and have a great time. haha funny if you bring girls seems they get more attention more or less they start having conversations with the entertainers of the nite asking beauty tips hahahahahha i just sayin it happens ahhahhahaAlways have had good experiences here with friends, "quick note if you got a credit card and you takin out money for a dance at the atm in the club that is all bad" mite as well wear a fluroscent jacket with noob lettering all over it , go to the bank before headin out here folks if you need change the front desk got several $1s enuff 1's to make it rain 10 times over haha of all the ladies I have met here none were rude or pushy they all here to make you happy = )food ***** oh there is EYE candy PLENTY OF IT (dont make eye contact hahahhaha)price $-$$$ there is charge to get in unless u get shuttled in, bottle service is bank, dances standard im not gonna write the amount though haha, drinks $$ dude 14.50 for domestic beer think twice before ordering your entertainer a drink hahaservice ***** let just say they are all happy to see youambiance **** despite it being dark you really wont focus on furniture or table design haha
1	Biggest sausage fest in Las Vegas. More meat per square inch than a West German butcher shop.Now I'm not unfamiliar with Vegas strip clubs. I've been everywhere from Glitter Gulch to Palamino Club to Olympic Gardens. And aside from that other wang-doodle of a manfest called the Spearment Rhino, Sapphire is THE WORST "big name" strip club in LV.Rude waitresses and overpriced drinks? CheckCrappy layout and atmosphere? CheckSub-par strippers who blurt out "SO YOU READY FOR A DANCE?" instead of trying to sell me the dream? Check1000 to 1 male to stripper ratio? CheckIf you want to sit wall-to-wall with a hundred other sweaty men leering at a few (and I mean 2-3) decent chicks on a Saturday night, it'd be much cheaper to invite all your male friends over and throw some 80s porn on the tv. Just trying to get to the restroom in this place involved crowd surfing over a sea of men so thick it would have Richard Simmons saying, "Enough, already."All that real estate and no idea how to manage it, it's sad. Trust me guys, try Olympic Gardens or Treasures instead. At least they have some semblence of customer service and personal touch. Even Palamino Club is better if you actually want female company and not a million swinging d*cks in your view.
3	This review is for the men of sapphire.I went to this club for my best friend's 21st birthday on a Saturday night. It was pretty nice in regard to how the placed looked. It was a pretty slow night but it was really neat because it was like a real show. Some of the dancers were a little stuck up though, and one propositioned my friend and I for some after hour services...we passed of course LOL. Overall it was lots of fun and the lap dances were very seductive and sensual. The drinks were super overpriced and they did not have any Black dancers that night. :( Nice place to start out! The only thing is that sometimes this club only does the male review depending on how many ladies show up so don't plan your whole trip on going to this club to see men dance.
2	After reading other reviews regarding Sapphire I have to agree with most of them, the negative ones. - not as many dancers available as your led to believe-nearly half of the girls that came around were rude and were heckling me to pay for a dance-Tourist trap-some of the girls need to work out if they want to earn more money. Then there is this asian girl who was croaking like a frog. That definitely put me off. What was up with the 2 drink minimum when you get a dance in the private room. I only got one and the other went to the dancer. Not to sound like a prude but if I'm paying the premium for a dance, I'd expect to have both drinks for myself so I can get unwind & get into it.+The one good positive was the girl I got a dance from. She was the bomb.It became boring there for my friends and I. I'll look into other Gentleman's clubs before going back to this one.
1	Sucked. Went for batchelor party was EXPENSIVE!!! 30 bucks to get in,  $12 beers $ 20 mixed drinks... Plan to spend no less than 500 to a thousand just to have an okay time. Oh yea, did I mention not worth it. Got picked up by free bus, which was out of free liquor and were given free passes which club didn't honor. tourist trap. Harassed by the girls-and not in a good way. Overall, lame-find somewhere else. Seriously-find somewhere else.
3	If you want to see lots of topless girls, this is the place. There are a lot of girls, but not necessarily all that attractive. Some are drop dead gorgeous and others look like they should have a baby or a respirator strapped to them... My boyfriend felt that a lot of the cocktail waitresses were more attractive than the girls on stage.Drinks are expensive, which is a bummer because I need lots of them to be there. If you're not constantly buying their expensive drinks, be prepared for someone to almost immediately come by and tell you to buy something or move it. Being a girl, I got more leeway when it came to the dances. I got one from the cutest girl I saw there and she had me spank her & jiggle the goods, much to my boyfriend's delight. :} Our friend got a private dance and mentioned that the woman [she was older] had mentioned the possibility of going home with him and gave him her number. When we were getting ready to leave, one of the girls on stage was half-heartedly 'dancing' while loudly complaining to one of her coworkers about how the bosses were taking advantage of her, making her stay overtime, etc. Not an encouraging scene. It's free to enter for locals.
4	Guys/Gals,  Monday Night Football party includes 3 drinks w buffet.  $20Food included: hot wings, pizza, sphagetti and hot dogs w chips.  Not a bad deal for group entertainment!  Half time dollar tables.  Plenty of fun for the guys.
2	If you come to Vegas and want to visit some dancing gals than you pretty much have to visit Sapphire's, but it is little more than an answer to a trivia question. Yes, it is the world's largest strip club. However, the quality leaves much to be desired. Treasures' Club is far superior in terms of talent and experience. You will have a much better time and spend slightly less at Treasure's compared to the over priced mediocrity at Sapphire's.
4	Over the past wknd, i went to vegas with my roommates and my sister and we have ALWAYS heard about this strip bar, so we did some research on it and found out that you can get in for free if you use their complimentary limo! Me and the other 3 people called them and got in for FREE! If we had to pay, it would've cost us $30 each which would total $120! Of course we tipped the limo driver $25, and $20 for one of their hosts to find and seat  us at a table.  The girls here are GORGEOUS!! i'm not gay by any means (no offense, i'm just saying) but i could NOT believe how beautiful some of the girls were.  They were super nice to me.  The only thing was that the drinks were SUPER PRICEY! my friend ordered a Corona and it was like $12.  We only stayed for an hour so it wasn't that bad.  It was super smokey though, but what do you expect from a bunch of guys who can only look and not touch, ....hell, i would be stressed out too! It's like putting a lollipop to a kid face and never letting him/her have a taste.  The idea of a strip bar of this magnitude is like you're paying big bucks to make yourself suffer, no?? We all spent about $80 each, this included tipping the limo driver, drinks, tips to the waitress, a few lap dances for my computer nerd friend Eugene, and the cab ride back to the room. so it wasn't too bad.The music they played was GREAT! very hip and upbeat! The lights on their main wall is AMAZINGLY mesmerizing! GOOD experience, just a bit pricey though.  Waitresses were quick.  The strippers hustled one of my friends into 3 lap dances but i'm sure he enjoyed it ;)
3	too many chubby girls. cut back on the beers ladies :-)
4	Very clean-cut establishment.If you're a guy wanting to get your girl into strip clubs, this is the place to begin. Low drama, low key, clean, and there is seating far away from the stage.  Likewise, if you're a girl looking for a tame strip club to check out, this is a great place to begin at.There were every type of girl imaginable. Pretty skinny girls to BBWs - of all ethnicities. No pressure for lap dances.As is the case with all strip club reviews on Yelp, beware the one- and two-star ratings. Generally these are spammers/competitors.
3	Ok big ass club! Plenty of girls to choose from. But damn cause of that you get harass three times as much! Go to OG instead!!!
2	So, since I am not a strip club regular I can't give a 1 or a 5 star. But, here are the facts: Bored with some friends from out of town at 4 pm on Saturday. We decided to go to Sapphire not knowing anything of any clubs and i wanted to scout for CES since I will be entertaining many for the week. So we went and I think the girl at the front door felt so bad it was slow she let us in for free. But they had happy hour and it cheap. Bucket of 6 beers for only $18. There were only about 8 girls working at 4 pm and 4 were hot. Definately C squad. However when we were leaving at 6 a lot of hot girls kept appearing out of nowhere. But, it is a nice place and the Gonzaga game was on while watching the dancers. Very Big! My asshole friend bought me a dance with scariest girl there and could not run away in time. Umm yeah she did have big boobs but she was pretty old and was on autopilot telling me the same thing over and over. But, I will go back again in the evening to check out the A squad after I check out the competition during CES.I am adding a second paragraph to second visit I made the day before CES. I brought a group of 12 guys here and could not get seated. Only half the place was open and none of the VIP seats were in use. I asked the waitress how much to get a booth and she said $300 for bottle and booth but I should talk to a bouncer. I talked to the bouncer and he said $400 for a booth and bottle?? I told him the waitress said $300 and he said well he can do $350 then?? I told him I know he can make a deal because there is $100 off bottle coupons that street vendors are giving away So I offered $200 for the cheapest bottle and use of the booth for my 12 guests. As a business in Vegas, logic needs to step in at some point. 1. 12 people means a lot of money for the club on drinks alone at the bar these people will purchase.2. I understand if it is busy, but when you don't have the whole place open and nobody is sitting in the booths. Maybe they should be used.3. I was only asking to honor a coupon that existed and get the actual price of the bottle the club was offering.4. Why are the bouncers making business decisions? This is the same for clubs? This is why people don't return.My group of 12 left and went to Little Darlings and I they spent a lot and as a local tour guide for friends I won't be bringing anyone here again.
1	Yeah, okay, the girls are pretty. So what? I just paid $14.50 for one drink. I must be an imbecile because i paid. I will not be back.
3	Definitely one of the biggest strip clubs I've been to. Drinks are very pricey. I thought most of the women were beautiful. I also like the decor and set up.
5	The "Home Depot" of strip clubs!!!!
1	This place is a joke they will hustle you plain and simple. Tourist trap they mislead you to get you in and it's all downhill from there; keyword here folks HUSTLE you!! This chick jumps on me w/o even being asked and 5mins later is asking for $50, plus $16.50 gin & tonic, do something else with your night it's a huge city you'll get hustled here it's shady!!
3	For Vegas, these girls were pretty EH. Most were fat, needed boob jobs, had stuff hanging out everywhere! Luckily, I found only ONE girl out of the WHOLE club decent enough to give my boyfriend a lap dance.  You do get alot for what you pay for though. $20 for a topless, spanking, bomb lap dance. :)
1	Door staff have the bitchiest attitude I've ever encountered.  When you visit a place like this for a good experience, being treated rudely off the bat sets a bad tone for the evening.The wait staff sucks too.  The dancers are nice enough, but it doesn't help if you're already in a foul mood by the time you get to them.The management could probably quadruple their tips by firing the service staff and hiring new people.
1	We got invited here, but this place blows.Some nice girls here and there, but too crowded, awful service and the place stinks (not in a good way).Save your money and go to the Spearmint Rhino.
3	I saw more dry humping here than the bleachers after a junior high dance. The girls looked disinterested the whole time they preformed these lap dance *cough*(dry humping). Come on ladies study some method acting so it looks like you like it. I guess they really don't have to because they are the ones walking away with the money. I like the twinkly lights and the music. Great people watching. I saw more arguments here between men and women than a Jerry Springer show. After my friend and her boyfriend get into an argument we go outside to catch a cab. I over hear a guy say "why do I smell like hamburgers." I look at him and say, "oh you must have gotten a lapdance." He high fives me, I jump in the cab and he knocks on the window, "wait can't i get your number?" "I just yelled, I don't eat hamburgers." and we drove off into the sunset not knowing if he could have been the one...
1	Horrible, horrible ...I can't write everything I've heard about this place, because it'd be slanderous and probably hard to believe anyway. But beware of everything if you do get dragged here.
1	i had a bad experience here.  The girls were cool and you definitely will see ugly ones as well. One thing to watch out for:1. your money! My friend ordered a drink for another friend and paid. Later the stripper asked my other friend to pay as if they never paid. They will try to get every penny out of your pocket.2. watch out for the lap dances!  I got picked pocketed (iphone) by one of the strippers and didn't even realized until I used the restroom. 3. My friend bought me another lap dance from an Asian chick, hoping to see some titties, all she fk'ing did was give me a massage full suited! W. T. F.This was a saturday night.
2	Sunday's are slow nights.  They only open half of the club.  Only two dancers are dancing at the same time.  One is on the main stage and the other is on the far top of another stage...meaning you have a harder time seeing her dance if you are drinking at the main bar.  Entry cost is $30 dollars.  Drinks are about 13-16 dollars per beer.  The waiteress are prettier than the dancers.  VIP Tables cost extra. VIP rooms cost even more.  Would I go there again...probably not.
4	When in Vegas.... Went for a bachelor party. You get "hassled" a lot. They are good at their jobs...
5	If you can manage to spend a night at Sapphire's and not have a good time...well, you might be dead. It's basically impossible to leave here without a smile on your face(Not that kind of smile you pervert). With gorgeous girls, flowing drinks, and comfy/spacious seating Sapphire's is basically an adult playground. No cover for locals but don't be a cheap douchebag because nobody wants to hang out with that guy. Buy a few $20's worth of $1's and show the main stage some love. It's a great way to see a plethora of girls and see if you want to try one out for the rest of the night. Hell, I'm not into that but some people are. If you want some fun stories about this place message Seth Y. or myself. We have enough ridiculous stories to write a book. Hmm...a book...
3	Eh, it was an okay experience. The girls are alright, some hot and some not, but I mean that's all in preference. What I didn't like was that we had to pay to get in and that even by Vegas standards the drinks were a little pricey. With 5 girls, it was a blast to sit around the stage and show the ladies some love. Ahhh strippers, what the world would be without their low morals and fruity-vanilla scent? I hate to even think about it.
3	This is for the male strippers side (Men of Sapphire show). We got complimentary passes to come for a bachelorette party, so we thought what the heck. I had never been, so I wasn't even sure what to expect. I just didn't want any D.G (dong glitter) on me. The bartenders are really nice there, so that was a plus. Everything else can be summed up with one word: Cheesy. It was soooo cheesy, I think I lost 2lbs that night from laughing. However, I think my laughing was mistaken for having fun because one of the dancers came up really fast to my seat and was grinding his crotch in my face. I've heard that if you say get off or go away or don't touch me, they don't push, but this guy was really aggressive. And spoke in this very unsexy but sleazy italian accent 'Come on baby, don't be afraid of it". I wasn't afraid of it, I just dont like my men smelling like baby powder and having their crotches in my face. Anyway, he spilled his drink on me and didn't even notice. I feel kind of bad because they really gotta work it for the tips. Maybe I'm just not a strip club kinda gal. The video productions they played in the background were pretty cheesy too, looked like something you film in middle school in your backyard for a history project. But it's worth a try at least once. Other women were definitely having a good time, saw some guys getting tipped in hundreds! I'd tip them a buck or two if they passed a tip jar around. It's fun for bachelorette parties for sure, particularly if the bachelorette wants to get up on stage and molested by a muscular man dry humping her doggy style. One girl got the dude's ball pounded into her eyeballs while she was laying down onstage. I can't imagine that being comfortable, but it's a riot to watch. Thinking back on it, it's pretty funny and we all had fun.
4	This show is amazing!!! WAYYYY BETTER THAN CHIPPENDALES OR THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER!!!! The guys are very personalable and I can have fun!! I have been to chippendales about 3 times and its okay, but this is like it but better. Each guy has his own set and you can give them tips while they are on stage and when they are done they come around and thank you and ask if you want a dance. I just like to drink and enjoy the show..not really into guys giving me a dance. Ladies dont forget your $1's!!!!!
3	This is for the Men of Sapphire. We got in for free since we knew someone, but they do have deals as well on the website. We had actually come in at 1:30am, ends at 2, so once we got there.. it was pretty empty. I had been conned by my friends to go on stage, because the guy had been asking about us. Basically got pulled up there a little too fast cause I didn't even have time to put my wristlet down. The guy was nice to me because despite me being super stiff and awkward, he was still able to work it. It was all like a blur, at one point he flipped right onto me; another point, he was humping my behind. My friends were having a blast from the laughing, and I was laughing a bit too. For the most part, the guys were nice and all pretty fit. They call you sweetie and give you "head kisses" when you buy a lapdance or for whatever other reason.  If you are a girl who hates lap dances but were forced by your friends, then you can make it clear that you mostly want to talk. One of the strippers was rubbing on my friend a bit, but he didn't go all out cause he knew she felt awkward. It can be scary since they take you into the dark back to do their business.  The only guy that was mean to me was one that I told I was into girls, which I'm guessing he sensed I was lying cause he gave some attitude as he left. Lap dances are $20 by the way.I also took a peak at the girls section. Some can do some awesome tricks on the poles! And there were some very pretty ones, but some are like a negative A cup, although some guys may like that? It costed us $45 flat rate to get on a limo to our resort that was also on the strip (about 15 minutes away) It actually ended up being cheaper that way rather than the 6 of us getting taxis. And the worker there helps you get one, plus we got it instantly! TIP: If you are going to go, you either have to be very horny or very drunk. If you are sober, it is just ALL kinds of AWKWARD
2	Not worth the price!!!We were here after we left the Adult Entertainment Expo in January and i have to say this is the most over rated gentleman's club in Vegas! When something is promoted as the worlds largest strip club with the highest stripper to customer ratio, your natural urge is to go experience it. Don't do it! It really hurts to give a strip club only two stars but having to continue ordering $10 well drinks and get half ass lap dances to keep your table and or chair is ridiculous. After ordering two rounds of drinks and no dances, the manager told us we had to get up and give the table to people who wanted lap dances. If they are forcing people to pay these girls I would prefer some attractive natural ones not the ugly plastic. But hell it is Vegas!
1	0 Stars, Highway Robbery. Expensive cover, so- so girls, not hotter than Little Darlings, topless, $17 for a Beer, bank account rape.
2	Save your money for the Spearmint Rhino. This was the first and last time I spend money at Sapphire. Well should I talk about the good first?  Alright, the music variety, coupled with matching music videos, were good but I think it was a distraction for the disappointments. Around 1030pm Friday night (in busy August), we got a free limo ride and free cover charge (for a group of 10).  Although it was pretty packed, I didn't have to wait long for a drink at the bar. Now for why I gave it less than 3 stars. Good thing 1/2 stars aren't permissible or else I would have rated it 1 1/2 stars. The limo was 20 min late, but the old chauffeur was nice. This was the first time we got "bottle service", but things would have gone better had we been explained about it all this before we got to the dark and loud centerstage area. Since the cost of a mixed drink goes for $17(i.e. plain vodka & cranberry) and a bottled water(not even 16oz) was $11 or $13, it was a wise choice.  We were told we'd be checked on every 5 min., but that didn't happen once the club got busier. Last but not least, the quality and quantity of girls reviewed. Expect an average cup size about a small B between them all. Less than a handful (literally) were larger than B cups. There was the stripper that was around 40, the stripper that was flashing her cellulite, and the girls that didn't make their proper rotation around the club, so we saw the same eight or fewer girls around our tables all night (were among what I experienced). Every time I went to the bathroom I would see over a half dozen girls that hadn't been seen ANYWHERE on the main floor going to their back room. After about 2am we left, paid for a dry 'party bus' to take us back to the hotel ($60)
4	Ok obviously I'm going to provide the female perspective here.  So I usually end up here with a large group of my guy friends at the end of a crazy Vegas bender.  They don't call this the Walmart of strip clubs for no reason!  There seems to be a never ending supply of strippers no matter how late or early you go. The girls are super friendly and it's definitely a fun atmosphere (there are just about as many girls as there are guys).   Girls, have a few shots, relax and don't take it too seriously.....it's just a boobie....we all have them!!
4	Ladies (or gents!) considering attending "The Men of Sapphire" show, here are a few helpful tips/rules:1. Arrive drunk. Or at least slightly tipsy. You'll save on drinks and minimize any awkwardness upon arrival. This is the kind of place where you can easily tuck a flask in your purse and sneak off to the bathroom for a few sips (or even do it in the audience - it's super dark and no one will know).2. Resign yourself to the fact that this is not going to be a cheap night out. Drinks are $10-15 apiece. Lap dances are $20. The upside? The whole place is very low pressure. Some of the dancers may come up to you and offer you a lap dance, but they are very polite and go away quickly if you say no thank you. There's also no pressure to buy a bunch of drinks. If you want to sip on the same drink all night to save on cash, go for it.3. Go on a weekend, and go early. The more women that are there, the better the energy. My friend and I arrived at 11:00 on a Saturday night and the place was hoppin'. By 1:00 everything had completely died off.4. If you're taking a bachelorette, and she's shy, buy her a private lap dance vs. having her go on stage for what they call a "stage dance." The stage dances are cool, but often involve the dancers picking the women up, spreading their legs open to dance between them, etc. Not for the faint of heart.5. Wear cute underwear and shave your legs, especially if you plan on getting a lap dance. Though not molestery, the dancers will give you a bit of a feel, and you don't want to feel self-conscious.6. Enjoy yourself! This is your one chance to objectify dudes and call the shots. How often does that happen in this society? Make the most of it.7.  Hit the female side of the club after the men's show is over. It's a great place to pick up men. (Not the kind you make into a boyfriend, but the kind you make out with and then don't call the next day.)
4	Very surprised at how clean this place was. Interesting to know its a lady and gentlemen club. But have no fear men, the women's section is hidden in "The Showroom" --err at least I think that is what it's called. But dont worry before you see any men dancing there are plenty of black curtains, a short dark hallway, and double doors.Men's show was interesting. If you're celebrating anything you can pay $45 to get the girl up on stage. We got free drink tickets so I dont know how much drinks were. Also has a bathroom in the girl's section, so no need to walk out and see all the men getting their lap dances and such. This place keeps it all seperated pretty nicely.
2	BE WARY OF THE TAXI DRIVERS THAT TRY TO RIP YOU OFF!!!On our last night in Vegas we decided to take a break from dancing our butts (and feet) off, so we thought why not go strip club hopping and see what this Spearmint Rhino hype is all about. Our taxi driver however immediately tells us to go to Sapphire because it's waaay better with both female AND male strippers, and cover is the same as Spearmint ($22), we thought GRREAAT! Sold. He even hyped it up to us along the way saying it'll be way more fun, it's closer (cheaper cab fare) etc...**KEEP IN MIND IT'S A SUNDAY NIGHT**So we get there, cover is $30, not $22. We walk around, half of the club is closed off I'm assuming bc it's a 'slow' night. No guys in sight, they must be in another room. WRONG. Male strippers are Friday and Saturday nights ONLY. No way no how the cab driver was not aware of this. We tell one of the bouncers our story so we can speak to the manager, he tells us we're the 3rd group of girls that this had happened to, and that yes they do pay off the taxi drivers to bring people there.We're less than 10 minutes into being there and demand our money back. No luck. Lots of BS back and forth, but we ended up getting 2 rounds of free drinks, free limo ride to our next destination (Spearmint of course which we still had trouble w/ bc apparently they could only take us to our hotel), and surprisingly free cover into Spearmint.Had we not bitched and argued we would've had to walk away with nothing. I give it 2 stars instead of one bc the manager Dick (that's his name) somewhat tried to help us out, but really, he should have given us our money back.
2	Went here Last Month for a Bachelor Party Not impressed yes its the Worlds Largest Gentlemens Club But Quality over Quantity when It comes to Strip Clubs. A lot of Crappy Looking Girls with Crappy attitudes and it would not be so Bad if it wasn't so dam Expensive 1 Vodka Club 31 Dollars its OK I guess just don't think its worth the Price that's all.Maybe next time I'll check out the Blue Rhino.
1	This place is so NOT worth the money.  You are being ripped off from the time you walk through the door.  They charge $30 pp for non-locals to enter and a bottle of beer at minimum starts at $14.50.  The girls were just average.  Folks with me enjoyed getting a neck massage more than being there.  After everyone who wanted a massage got one, we rolled out several hundred dollars later.
4	I've been told by other friends, both in-town, and out-of-town, what a nice, upscale strip club this is. And they are right. From the moment I walked in, it reminded me of a nightclub, not a strip club. I've gone there for my birthday and seen the women strip, but this review is about Men of Sapphire.I've been to Men of Sapphire several times. As with any strip club, bring your money! Drinks are expensive. Lap dances are $20 each.  If you put a friend up on stage to be "molested" and danced all over by the guys, you also pay extra for that. I love looking at the guys! There's something there for every taste. They will bother you for lap dances. Just tell them no, if you're not interested. For the most part, they are friendly, sexy and polite. I just love the eye candy! And there's lots of it there for you that enjoy looking at hot men. The show starts up about 10:00 p.m., and goes till about 1:00 or 2:00 a.m. , depending how busy the room is. The guys come out on stage all at once, then take solo turns with their stage routines. You can go up to them on stage and slip them dollar bills if you feel so inclined. Most girls go early and stay for an hour or two, then leave to hit their next destination. A fun night out with your girls! Leave your inhibitions at the door!
1	Don't waste your time and money! There are a lot of clubs in Vegas and are a lot more fun with a lot less hassle! And I can guarantee that you will find prettier girls elsewhere.This Strip Club is Overrated! Do Not Waste Your Time! Just because they are the biggest in the city, doesn't mean that they are the best. Nor does it mean that they have any right to discriminate anyone! I will never go to this club again in my life!!!
1	Please believe me when I say I'm not being biased and this review isn't purely out of spite because it isn't even though it should be.My then Fiance, now Husband came here right after we landed at midnight and checked into the Venetian. Our first stop was the bar which for my husband was a slow experience. Not willing to take much more waiting I pulled him back and stepped in, we got served immediately ;) Now allow me to reiterate the horrific experience:+ $42.00 ATM FEE?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?! That's completely devoid of wisdom or good sense. + The ugliest bunch of broads I have ever laid my eyes on with the exception of 4 girls. OMG and they ganged up on me assuming I was probably a nicely dressed hooker with her pimp trying to lure customers outside. I had to ruthlessly flash my engagement ring and lock eyes with the wolves because I was already pretty upset that my fiance had ABANDONED ME FOR AN HOUR ALONE to go to VIP+80 BUCKS GONE IN 3 MINUTES. -_____-;; because I wanted a lap dance from 2 chicks at the same time Don't get me wrong, I love the layout of the place. Big, refined and tasteful in appearance. The name 'Sapphire' glimmering amongst a wall of stars. Now if only they could get girls that matched the ambiance and lower the fucking ludicrous ATM fee. Perhaps I will audition here, it's not a good place to go as a customer but it sure looks like easy $$$ for an employee
5	This review is for the "Men of Sapphire" (although the women looked pretty hot, too)!!Had an 11/11/11 wedding to attend with out of town friends and bride.  Since I'm the "local" the planning and ideas seemed to fall on me.  Cannot tell you how happy I am that we went to see the Men of Sapphire.  Our group ranged from 21-70 years old.  The guys were great - raunchy without ever crossing the line.  Although some of the girls probably did wish they crossed it :-)Perfect bachelorette party!Free party bus to the club and free admission.  Not sure if this is every day - just call and ask, the girls on the phone were great.Drinks were reasonably priced ($11 for Kettle & soda)The show lasted for hours - they just kept dancing and dancing.  We could have left earlier but why go anywhere else when we had guys in g-strings dancing for us.Absolutely a fan of the place (very clean) and the guys (very fun)!!
4	Loved loved this huge, beautiful, luxury gentlemen's club!!! It was incredibly sexy and fun!!! World's largest strip club, featuring 70,000 sf, a glass bridge with stages in the middle of the club, huge screen TV plays music videos all the time! VIP lounges and rooms , huge main bar in the front. It opens 24/7.Arrived there around 12am by town car from our hotel, We got a table in main room, not far from the main stage, they have full bar, also serve cocktails, wines, champagne and cigars. Sexy waitresses serve shots tray all the time, yummy shots! Any flavor you want, I had a couple sweet stuffs, so yummy! The girls..... Sooo beautiful with rocking body! Most of them are pretty young and cute, we did see a few older ones, but we only got lap dances from younger ones. This half Japanese and half Italian girl gave both of us lap dance, she was sooo cute and friendly, kept saying I was too cute like a pocket size, things got a bit hotter... Can't put it here... ;p The waitresses are super cute too, they offer shots and drinks all the time, kept them coming! Good job! Those waitresses pass shots tray give lap dance too, but with clothes on. Some girls on the stage have some serious pole dancing skills! The club was packed, it got even more crowded by the time we left, it was nearly in the morning already, guess people just got out of regular nightclubs went there.Beautiful girls, great service, luxury club, of course it's pricey, $30 entry fee for men and women, VIP package for 5 persons come with complimentary entries, a bottle of sky vodka, $350. Around $16 a drinks, $17 a shot, $20 a lap dance, VIP room $150 half hour. They have very expensive champagne, up to $15.000 a bottle.We spent $200 on credit card, 10 shots, and 8 lap dances in cash, our friends bought a lot drinks n lap dances too, so total 4 of us spent about $800-1000 that night. That was a lot! But it was really worth it! We had a great and sexy time there! I had to take one star off cause there are a few things people need to be careful, they always overcharge credit cards, ridiculous service fee on ATM, some girls push people to VIP rooms, those are things you need to avoid. It's better take enough cash there, or check your bar tab the next day, to see if they overcharged. No VIP rooms unless you really want  "fun" times with those girls, you know what I mean... ;p Other than those, this club is just fun fun fun! A great sexy night out with your loved ones or friends! Ps. Had to shower when I got back , too much smoke...:(
5	Great place to take the men in your life too.
1	-10 stars!We heard this genleman's club was amazing and the biggest in the world so we decided to stop by prior to going to a nightclub. Um, THEY REFUSED TO LET US IN(3 females)! lol..it was hilarious. First, they told us that we couldn't see the women dance and that we must watch the men's show. We challenged them and they eventually said that because we had no guys in our party, we couldn't watch the girls dance. What sense does that make?Coincidentally, a group of guys that we met earlier that day showed up as we were trying to get in and we tried to walk in with them, but they STILL refused to let us in. The bouncer said "Ladies, I don't care what you do, You're not getting in here!"Although we were dressed for the club, we didnt look sluty or anything. We couldn't believe it! I have NO IDEA why they would send a car to our hotel to pick us up, and then refuse to let us in....
5	SO MUCH FUN.I've only been here one time, but I can safely say after once, I'm already hooked.One of my promoters for XS recommended I after party at Sapphire's and said he could get me and my friends a limo ride, free entry, and free first round of drinks.  Down!  A limo, which is really a mini party bus with lights and stripper poles, picked us up and took us to Sapphire. We tipped the driver and went in with no problems.  Redeemed our drink tickets at the bar and ordered some finger snacks, which took a really long time to arrive, but it was fine 'cause it gave us plenty of time to walk and look around.First, this place is huge.  Pretty dark, but clean, and kind of fancier than what I thought a strip club would look like.  It kind of looked like a regular dance club, but with topless ladies walking around everywhere.  It was interesting trying to see if we could distinguish which ladies were strippers or just visitors.  Since it was Halloween, my friends and I wondered if we looked like strippers ourselves lulz.  There's also an upstairs, but we didn't venture up there.There's ample seating and tables around, but you have to buy table/drink packages to sit. Otherwise, you kind of have to stand around or sit at the bar, if you just want to chill.  Other option would be to buy lap dances or private rooms.  Luckily my group and I found seats around one of the stripper poles.  This was so amazing for me 'cause I'd only seen strip clubs in movies and here I was UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL ^_^Most of the strippers are pretty attractive and really talented.  Some got more tips than others, which was really interesting since the ones that got more didn't seem anymore talented or prettier than the ones who were tipped less -- but I guess it's all preference, right?  The stripper I enjoyed the most, was super friendly and smiley (something I noticed, a lot of them don't look very happy), and crawled down from the platform, onto my lap.  So awkward having boobies in my face and a stripper straddling me, but it was an awesome experience.  My friends couldn't stop laughing.  I couldn't stop giggling.  So much fun!The only thing I didn't really like was watching the strippers collect their tips off the platform floor after their dance was finished.  Really sad and kind of degrading to watch. However, I would totally come back.  The last two times I was in Vegas, I tried to visit, but plans didn't work out.  But at least I always try to make it a point to visit!  It's a great place to after-party, so I'll definitely be back!
2	I've had fun here before, but last night was not it.  We are locals and drove to Sapphires. We had gotten in (no cover for locals), but then one of the hostesses told my husband, who drove our car that he had to go back out, insisting that he came in a cab. She was a real bitch about it, too.  We finally got things straightened out (with no apology from her), and went about the task of looking for a seat. For Christmas Eve, it was pretty crowded, and finally a waitress seated at a "reserved" table after verifying that we would be drinking. Okay- I know it is Vegas, but $17 freaking dollars for a mixed drink and $14 for a domestic beer?!?! You've got to be kidding me!!  The girls on stage ranged from "alright" to "dear God, put her out of her misery!"  We were NEVER approached for a lap dance (maybe because we were 2 couples?).  Seats were packed in together, and it was extremely smokey. Not the best strip club experience ever!
3	Beautiful big club. Most girls are really hot. If you have expendable cash and want to really party like a rockstar, go to Sapphire. Drinks and girls are expensive, so dont go and be a cheap ass. The place is huge and its a nice. Its like a dance club with hot, naked women. But, again, you better be prepared to spend some serious cash.
4	I'm mainly writing a review for Monday Night Football here. For $20, you get 3 drink tickets, free food and a few raffle tickets. During every commercial break, they draw tickets where you can win prizes such as lap dance dollars, t-shirts and a usually 1-2 bigger prizes like a bicycle or a stereo for your home. During half-time they have $1 lap dances where u get a bunch of girls come around and give you short 10 seconds dances for $1. Overall, it's a great time and I've taken friends who don't really have in interest in NFL and they really enjoyed. I also suggest that you stop by the Las Vegas Hilton before and make a few proposition bets. They don't have to be high bets. Just make like 3-4 and everyone chips in $5 for each bet. It makes the game a lot more fun when you're rooting for sacks, INT's, etc. Especially when it's 2 teams that you don't really care about.
2	Attended the Superbowl party here and the game couldn't end fast enough. We were packed in like sardines which made it difficult to maneuver to the restroom and the buffet. They also had an annoying DJ and host that kept talking into the game. We were so close to each other I could taste the guy next to me farts!We seriously overpaid thru Vegasnvip to get into this place . . . Never Again!
4	Strip Club virgin here.So my friends and I decided to use one of those cards random people are giving out on the strip for a Free Limo, Free Admission, and one Free Drink. Called up the guy, and he said the bus will come to pick you up in like 20 mins.Cool.So we pre-gamed within those 20 mins and went to the bus area. A bus with sapphire  designed on it picked us up. Inside the bus was a stripper pole, and the driver told us we can change the music they had.Cool again.We were going to trip the driver like 5-10 bucks from each of us, but he said give it to the people infront.Checking in took around 5 minutes and inside was pretty large. 2 stages, bar and bathroom in the back and an entrance to another area. (maybe if it was for ladies, because i remember seeing some normal looking women get in line with us)Drinks were more expensive here, like 20 for an amf & vodka redbull. So i used my voucher for something cheaper. There was a lot of chairs, it all said reserve. So we kinda opted for bottle service, So we can sitback and enjoy "the show." tehehe. Got a bottle of 100 proof cap with coke for the night and the rest of the money for some dances.Strippers kept coming to us and were nice if we shrugged them off. Strippers were really nice and would just sit to talk. Girls doing their dances know what to do to get a tip. First time in a strip club and I personally thought it was whatever.TLDR: Call one of those card thingys to get to the strip club. It's not a hoax since your going toss all your moola at the women anyways.
3	Girls are descent looking, fairly priced lap dances and a good atmosphere. But be aware of ur tab some of the waitresses will charge a different price for drinks!! The drinks are way over priced, be prepared to spend a good chunk of ur vacation money here. Beers are $14 and mixed drinks $17. We had shots before we went, find a Lee's discount liquor, n get ur pre funk on. I only had a few beers while we were there. Oh yea, be sure to call for free shuttle, it also includes free admission, saves you $30/person.
4	"All different Shapes, Sizes and all different Flavers"Make sure you call for a free pickup to the club (tip your driver), you're guarantee to get in with no cover charge and in the end.... find your own ride back!! A bottle of 1.75 ML is about $875.00 plus tax, tips, and entertainment tax = 1250.00  $20.00 per song/per dance. I tried to pick the not so hot girls for my husband and I picked the hot girls for myself. Then our friends bought my husband and I 100.dollars worth of dances.  OMG my husband was in heaven.  She dances for both of us and I was feeling like it was "manage a trois", We all had a wild fun night, drunk as can be.  Hey ..... it's Vegas.
3	From my time in the military I have had my share of strip clubs, and maybe that's why I gave this place just 2 stars..? Or was it because A BOTTLE OF BEER COST DAMN NEAR $20 BUCKS!!..Now I'm not complaining about service because it was not badd at all. Some dude took us to a table that could fit all 8 of my crew then came a stable of hoe's (no disrespect to the strippers, just what guys refer to them as!) who's mission is to clean you out of every dime in your pocket while smiling and shoving Ta Ta's in your face....not complaining, we all have our roles to play, theirs is to get it and  ours was to keep as much of the green in our pockets!..lol We stayed there about 40mins before we realized that this was going no where fast, and we needed to roll before they end up with ALL our money!..Overall nice setup, pretty girls, helpful staff and expensive drinks but what do you expect...ITS VEGAS GO BIG OR GO HOME...so we went ELSEWHERE!..
1	Let's just preface this review by saying that I love stripclubs ... and I've been to a helluva lot of 'em (Robert's / SCORES / Goldfingers = NYC ...and Coliseum / The Penthouse Club = Detroit ... Leopard's / Cheetas = Windsor, Ontario) .... Sapphires came highly recommended. We chartered a limo to take us from dinner at the Wynn to the club - and entered on Tuesday, April 17th at approximately 11:30pm. First of all - the host (tall, muscular man) - was entirely UNINTELLIGIBLE. My party inquired with him (twice!) about procuring a table with bottle service, as the bar area was entirely overrun with clientele. His responses can only best be described as "Engrish" ... and I can honestly say that I have never (and I mean NEVER) seen a person that drunk and still standing upright (our bartender even attempted to explain his poor behavior by telling us that he "has been on pain medication") .Secondly, the venue was partitioned off so as to only include the right side of the stage. There was nary a seat to be found in any of this area - however - the entire left side of the stage was cordoned off and vacant. WTF? How are the strippers supposed to make money when patrons are standing? I can understand if it had been a desolate Tuesday night - but the place was PACKED. Let me just say that ALL of my experiences at stripclubs (yes, even in Detroit) FAR surpassed whatever clusterfu_ _ this operation was running. The drinks were poorly made. The service was non-existent. The venue sells itself as being the "largest stripclub" without telling patrons that this claim to fame is simply a marketing ploy on how many square feet the space occupies and not how many jiggles fill the interior. Lastly, since when do exotic dancers just prance around topless? Isn't a stripclub supposed to be about the tease? The eroticism? The use of poles and removal of clothing? Not here, my friends. The bevvy of beasts that stampeded out on the stage did so topless, from the start. No seduction. No finesse. Nary a trick to tug at my purse-strings. Take my advice: The juice here is most certainly NOT worth the squeeze.
1	beyond bad. beyond.
1	Complete Garbage!! 17 dollar drinks! Really? For bullcrap alcohol!! We paid 350 for bottle service and they brought out the smallest bottle of Sky vodka!! R u kidding me? We are a party of 11 and that's the bottle we're paying for??? Never ever again! Save your money and go to DejaVu!! One word....disappointed!!!
2	Took us all of 4 minutes to have a very friendly upbeat fella escorting us (party of 4) into the limo for a free ride ($5/person tip expected) to Sapphire.  Once there, we were handed a ticket that got us into the club without a cover charge.  Sweet!  The front of the club is very nice, once through the doors we were patted down and "wanded", kind of cool knowing there aren't any weapons in the joint.  Once we got to the receptionist, she was very friendly, cute and helpful letting us know that the cashier across the hall can break any bills we need to (I ended up with 40 $1 and two $5's...)  I'd recommend you NOT get this many $1 bills.  Maybe start out with 20 or so.  So, we were met at the top of the steps down to the tables by a very nice gentlemen who offered to let us take a look around first.  Ummm there isn't really anywhere to go except down a hall.   So after coming back we were escorted to our table almost in front of the 1 stage they had open.  We ordered drinks fairly quickly and then sat to enjoy the dancer on the stage.  Here is where it gets interesting.  So we went on Wed night, not busy.  More girls than men in this place.  So they were circling for sure.  Once our drinks arrived (a beer, a screwdriver, a cosmo and a martini) we were told it would be $68...WTF?  For 4 drinks?  *shell out cash* and we proceeded to sip these very posh expensive beverages.  Last round for us.  Within about 5 minutes two girls came up to our table, one whispered in my ear about whether I was ready for a dance for my girl.  She promised to "hump" her...and without really acknowledging that I was okay with that she proceeded to jump all over my gf.  I wasn't complaining as it was very erotic and I think she danced for almost a whole song.  I had no idea what to pay her..so I had $20 ready....figured it was appropriate.  I got lucky...it was the going rate.  That is what it costs for a lap dance in the room...private dances are more.  Anyway..my gf asked that after that she'd like to approve of the dancer first to make sure she was attracted to her.  I agreed...and sure enough..not 10 minutes later...bam..."are you ready for a dance for your girl?"  I glanced over to my gf and she shook her head no..so I waived her off, the dancer proceeded to whisper in my ear "what is she doing here then?"  WTF??? Did I just hear that correctly?  Then leaning down again she whispered "I don't get paid by the hour you know".  HOLY WHAT?  Did you really just say that to me?  I let my friends know what she said and within about 5 minutes we were up and out of that place.  Not friendly at all...felt very pressured and vultured.   Not to mention the girls that were dancing on the stage made very little use of the pole and really didn't do much "dancing".  Nobody really seemed like they were having fun.  You're responsible for your cab ride back to the hotel which only cost us about $20 after tip..not bad.  Really disappointed in Sapphire and I'll be hard pressed to go back.
4	Oh Vegas... how sinful you are.I was here a couple of weeks again for my best guy friend's bachelor party, and yes, I am a girl. There were actually three girls in the party. We were the coolest ones.But anyway, we hopped onto one of those free shuttle/party buses to the stripclub. There was a pole inside the bus... how classy!We got there and I had no idea what to expect, but honestly it just looked like an upscale strip club with lots of couches and tables with a bar on the side and a few stages for the dancers.I really didn't know how the system worked but apparently there are like about a hundred girls at any given time walking around in bikinis/lingerie trying to solicit lapdances. Some of them were really gorgeous, but most of them had fake boobs. As a girl, I'm not a huge fan of the plastic, but hey, whatever suits people's boats.The music was pretty good, they played a lot of top 40s and Billboard hits. We all pitched in and got a booth area so we could sit and drink at. Bottle service was pretty good, our server lady was good about refilling our glasses with mixed drinks and asking us politely. That was appreciated!Anyway, I heard Spearmint Rhino is a lot better, but this was a cool experience nonetheless.
5	First visit back on a Saturday night, May 12, 2012.I saw an overall 3-star rating and had to glance at the other reviews to see wtf they were complaining about... I realized mostly GIRLS were giving this fine, FINE place 1- or 2- stars... haters, seriously.  And if you look a little deeper, you will see they've only written like 3 reviews (probably hate reviews too).Well, don't listen to them, guys, I'm here to fuckin make the best out of your Vegas trip.First, limo pick-up is free if you call Sapphire ahead of time and schedule.  They'll call you to confirm, and idk where this other dude got the "$5/person is expected" figure, but I think $20 for a group of 8 dudes is fine.  You'll have to grab two cabs on the way back anyhow.  Taxis, btw, are also free.  Just get in one and tell them you wanna go to Sapphire -- they'll get reimbursed by the club, so don't be a tourist and get ripped off.  If you wanna be safe, just make sure you ask about it before they drive you off.Second, don't book the bachelor package on their website.  The bachelor tee-shirt is somewhat enticing, but really, no one will wear that shit ever again after that weekend.  It's better to just show up, and negotiate with them a price for a table.  I think prices for a bottle weren't that bad (like $200).  But, really, you didn't come to get drunk here.  I'm assuming you came for dances, and I'll get to that part in a sec.Third, you'll enter and may be conned into paying cover.  If you called ahead of time and arranged limo pick-up, you should already have the cover waived, minus the "seating" fee.  On weekend nights, expect this bitch to be PACKED.  You will be hard-pressed to find open seats unless you're willing to pay for a bottle.  You can just give the manager (or main doorman, whatever he's called) a $20 and ask for your party to be seated.As you enter, you'll notice it's like a meat factory.  There are TONS of girls working.  PERSONALLY, I prefer to get there early (like 8pm), where there will probably be plenty of seats by the pole.  It's free to sit there, but you might not be able to fit the other 5 dudes in your party.  Seriously, changing out $40 into ones lasted me a good two hours.  It's a bit boring without a drink and cig at the pole, but expect to pay a whopping $14 for a vodka redbull.  It's ridiculous, but what can you do.Dances are standard, like $20 for a 2-minute song.  Some of the girls there are really friendly.  Sure, like with any other job, there are good and bad employees, and the whole gamut in between.  Some are professional, some are quite bitchy if you don't accept their offer for a dance.  Expect this, as you would at any other business, and you'll probably save yourself some headache.Both bachelors that I've taken here have LOVED it.   Remember that song "I'm in Love with a Stripper?"  Well, I sure hope their wives don't find my review.  Personally, I don't always feel like doling out $100-200 for some dances (other than when I'm pitching in for the bachelors, of course), so I post up right at the pole, where there are also large projector screens on either wall.  Sometimes they show music videos (which aren't in sync with the song playing, if that was important to you).  Other times, they are broadcasting the current game (I was there semi-watching a Lakers play-off game).  Boobs and basketball, what more can I ask for?I'll be back.  And yea, I heard Spearmint has hotter girls (I've never been), but why fix something that ain't broke?  I love this place's layout (I won't bother describing it so you can enjoy seeing it yourself) and I love the number of boobs walking around, Go here!
3	I'm not a gynecologist,  but I'll have a look.I don't know who that blonde wearing the blue thong was or where her daddy issues came from, but I finally figured out how I want to die when I grow up. I want that fucking blonde from last weekend to sit on my God damn pretty Asian face and suffocate me to death. That would be an amaaaazing way to go out. NOM NOM NOM. Eat her ass up like shrimp fried rice.  Her butthole smelled like Heaven.I'm not gonna lie. I like the Rhino much better than this place. I just feel like the set up and the slam pieces at the Rhino are of a much better caliber. A good portion of the slams at Sapphire look like Krusty the Klown. They're of a lesser quality, BUT every once in a while you will meet an incredible slam piece loaded with daddy issues and eating disorders (SUCH a turn on). So it's kind of like do I want a dance from Emmanuelle Chriqui at the Rhino or do I want a dance from Amy Whinehouse at Sapphire? Hmmm...Anyways, if you're at any of these strip clubs then I suggest getting bottle service. It's obv  the way to go. You're not walking around aimlessly and accidentally touching other dudes' boners. Instead, you're at a table with your boys passing slams around from lap to lap like you guys used to pass around the "hot potato" back in first grade. When that slam piece of your dreams lands on your lap you take her to the back and show her your boner. DISCRETION: If you get kicked out then don't blame me, bro.
3	This place is huge with lots of seating. Lots of hot strippers working on weekends. Great atmosphere and good music. My only complaint is the large booths that are reserved for bottle service ($300 +) are in very poor condition. Fabric is ripped and my friend cut his hand on a nail that was bulging through the seat. Manager could only offer us a free limo ride home for our troubles. If your going to do bottle service spend your money at Treasures or Rhino where they take better care of their furniture.
4	Great club. Tell any cab driver/ limo driver to take you there and it'll be free. Then tell the girl at the front you're with a promoter, and she'll likely give you free cover and 1 drink tkt. bottles are expensive. but come on, this is vegas. I've been here a few times, but the best girl so far had to be "Ina" (ee-nah). She mesmerized my entire crew of 7. Had them singing Mike Jones' anthem - i'm in love with a stripper...If your friends get stuck in the champagne/ vip. Don't worry. you call 5 times, text 2 times, then it's their responsibility to get back.
4	Well I will say that this is a first for me in so many ways.First...-Las Vegas Strip Club-First Lab Dance-First time slapping a gal's behind (she insisted)and it was all so much fun. The place is massive and on a Saturday, you'll be lucky to find a table to sit and get dances. There aren't many booths from what I can remember (hey it's Vegas) so most of the dances are done at the tables. My guy friend and I decently to slip out fro the club to head over to here. While we were at the bar, a few of the girls made conversation with us. It was actually really easy but then again it's their craft. One went and got a couple of chairs because my friend decided it was time to get me my first lap dance. Woah doggy...it was quite a dance. She made it fun and comfortable and I had a blast. I am sure they are used to a lot of "virgins" here so they'll be gentle on you.It was quite an experience and I would definitely do it again.
5	Monday night football is an awasome place to watch the game 20 bucks 3 drinks free food raffles $1 dances at half time
3	let me get this out there: i do not make it a habbit to go to these places, just for bachelorette parties and such, so my review and experiences are limited.years back i had to attend a bachelorette party at olympic garden and i was in total fear of what to expect at sapphires.  i expected a dank, dark, creepy dated strip club..but i was pleasantly surprised.  it was very welcoming and not creepy at all.  it was actually a fun experiece.  i didn't appreciate olympic garden forcing me to touch the strippers (i need a few drinks in me before i over come my personal space issues), but that wasn't the case here.  i even took a stroll in the ladies section and i can see how guys can get a bit...lost....
4	This review is for the men of sapphire. When we showed up, the first thing we (the bridesmaids) asked was if we were in the right place it was a huge gentleman's club. We walk inside and the bouncers take care of us and show us the way into the showroom. It is here, behind the heavy curtains, when we enter that we realize that yes we have come to the right spot. We take a picture with a shirtless man (not cute), but we go with it and are next seated in the very front table next to the stage. On the table is a bottle of champagne (not very good) and strawberries with whipped cream.Bring change - lots of it because you will want to tip a lot of dancers. Drinks - expensive. Drink beforehand. Come ready to have a good time. The DJ offers lap dances on the stage for $45... pricey. The dancers give,lap dances for $20. There's even  a raffle before the show... They really milk you for the money. Dancers can work it. Especially Michael Stevens and Rico
2	This is supposedly the biggest strip club in Vegas. Can't really attest to this personally, but there is an organized taxi cab, a food truck, a limo and van service here and hundreds and hundreds of girls here. Now that's saying something.There was a group of about 8 of us and they picked us up via limo service. Not bad actually.Coming into this club at 1am, there were just way to many people. Lot's of people standing around because all the seats were taken. But I guess they reserve tables for groups who do the bottle service.Bottles start at $350 and can go up as high as $1000. So if you have a big group, it is wise to do the bottle service, because you are essentially guaranteed a booth, a couple of tables and seats.Trust me, as a lot of people paid $40 just to get in, and most had to stand. It's hard to get a lap dance (no pun) while standing up (no pun)...something to think about.And speaking of lap dances, they're $20 per song.Overall, I had a semi-good time. I wasn't really a fan coming up here, but at least I got to experience it at least once coming up here to Vegas.
1	A disappointing money vacuum. Drinks and table service are some of the most expensive in Las Vegas. Somehow we had two waitresses who couldn't keep track of our bill nor our orders, serving us the wrong drinks multiple times. Throughout the night the girls were borderline harassing us to buy more dances and drinks if we didn't have either already in hand. The dancers were good, but that's not unique to a club of this size. This is clearly a club whose business model is for tourists and one-timers, not regulars or returning customers. We left earlier than planned and discontented.Many other clubs were recommended to us in Vegas, so don't settle for Sapphire.
5	Yikes. Check in at 4am, check out at 7am and somehow, $300 is missing from my wallet the next morning.....hmmmmm....The girls are hot though. Worth it if youre in for a classy strip club visit. Just dont go often...especially you want to eventually make it home.
3	I'm sitting in front of my computer right now, almost wanting to shake my head in shame...am I really (REALLY?!) about to review a strip club? Oh, yes. Yes, I am. Sapphire was not horrible by any means, nor was it near a utopia. With a little background combined with a few tips, here we gooooo:Went to Vegas last week as a party of 6-- 4 ladies, 2 guys. Believe it or not, two of our girls wanted to have a "Las Vegas strip club experience." None of us had been to a strip club in Vegas, so we all somehow obliged. TIP #1: Try to find a promoter on the strip during the day. Or, call for their VIP limo. We were all picked up from the Cosmo right on time at 10:30 and transported in a surprisingly-classy-yet-not-too-sketchy limo. We were comped cover and just had to pay $5 each for "driver's fees and tip." I just tipped the guy $20 outside but apparently that doesn't count? After dealing with a rather bitchy cashier/host that we gave our $5 to, we were automatically seated kind of by one of the circular stages (it was a semi-slow Wednesday night). Our waitress immediately came over and said we were fine where we were, we could keep the tables as long as we always had a drink on the table (house rule). TIP #2: Our waitress was Sara P. I don't know if you'll be allowed to request a waitress for your table, but ask for her. Really. Our girls (and my buddy and I) were dumbstruck that SHE wasn't one of the dancers. She really blew the real dancers out of the water; not only that, but she was extremely efficient. She said that by the time we all got 3 drinks, that would be the cost for the bottle. So, I mean...of course we opted for bottle service. Sara was constantly at our service and had our drinks poured on a dime. TIP #2a: If you opt for bottle service, you get 3 mixers. One mixer can be 4 cans of RedBull. This will be the best bang for your buck, especially if you can get 12 cans of it as your entire set of mixers! TIP #3: Tip the bathroom attendant at least a little bit the first time you go, otherwise you may find yourself being harassed all night (and there's enough of that BS from the strippers).TIP #4: If you don't want a dance at the time, you'll need to decline with EMPHASIS. I tried the whole polite gentleman approach: "oh, no thank you, maybe later," and whooooopppsss there somehow went $20 ($20 is the minimum per song, apparently). The hell? I just had to spend $20 to talk you out of giving one of us a dance? STOP. TIP #5: Pace yourself. It was like our bottle had a hole in it- ca$hed in what felt like 30 minutes. TIP #6: Leave the plastic cards at home, folks. Unless they are required for table service, then I have no other alternative for you, shorrryyyy. Major stars for: --Our table server, Sara P. --An honestly good and hilarious time (us all "innocent" getting dances...) --We somehow spilled drinks a total of 3 times. There was vodka everywhere, but management and Sara took care of us and kept replacing linens. By the third time, though, I almost wished that they would have just kicked us outttt. Docking stars for:--Of course the ridiculous drink prices. I understand the nature of the business, but a simple vodka-tonic at $17? Lord, help them (and for more than just the drink prices, obv).--While some of the dancers were actually quite nice, there were the handful that were extremely ruthless and pushy. Also, my buddy had mentioned that the dancers on stage seemed bored and indifferent. --I don't have any other experiences at a strip club for comparison? One last funny misconception: One of the girls in our group had the prior assumption thinking "that it would just be like a three-ring circus with Victoria's Secret angels just flying around poles with their tops off." Sapphire: 1, Friend: 0. Oh, and excuuuuse me for avoiding the euphemistic term of "gentlemen's club." Give me a break, that is a joke. This is a STRIP CLUB. C'mon.  I laugh every time I'm corrected that it is a "gentlemen's club."
3	First time here last night with my wife... The place was ok and the service was pretty good so they get a 4 star for that. I was expecting more from "The biggest strip club in the world."  The girls was limited (thought it was suppose to be 3-1 dancer to guys) but I think we came on an off night (Xmas eve, 2am).  From what the driver told us they were the only club open that night but it was kinda dead. As for the girls, there were 2 or 3 to my liking but both my wife and I thought the waitresses were cuter. Again, I think it was an off night... If your planning a visit, take advantage of their free limo service. If you take a cab (from Bellagio) it'll cost about $12+ tips to get there, $30/ea cover, and $12+ tips to get back to hotel.  We tipped the limo driver $25 (but $20 would do IMO) and $5ea at the door.
5	World's largest gentleman's club! Gorgeous women everywhere had good time.Just be careful buying drinks, they go for $18-20 a piece!!Get sloshed up beforehand and everything will be just fine
4	Hanging with the boysMy husband and I and a bunch of other boys partied here after Tao,  Sapphire shuttle came and picked us up.   We were already so tipsy and the girls came and made it more fun.  My husband enjoyed two of the three dances and the one he didn't care for was the one I picked for him...( the Asian one) lol.  enough said....
3	Having obtained permission from everyone in my party I now get to Yelp this place as, um, a public service? :)The short version: for a good time, get the VIP card, drink before you get here (not after) expect to prove you're not a sociopath through conversation with a dancer that chooses you, and then stick to one-song lap dances.  (But rest assured, if you want to spend a grand, you can.)Now, the long version:The ritual and economics of this place confused me.  I thought the way this worked was that "gentlemen" paid to get in, sit down, and then have girls rather directly try to persuade them to get lap dances for some fee greater than the price of admission.Sort of.  The way it works here is a little weird:- You can get in on some cheap deal (with a "VIP" card they give out maybe on the street) where you get a free bus ride there and free entry.  This gets you a seat at the bar, a little farther away from the dancers than the "floor" seating below.  Want a drink?  That'll be $17, yes $17.  So if booze is on the agenda bring a flask or get wasted first.- Or, once you get there you can opt for $350 bottle service, which I think allows you to seat 6 at a table closer to the dancers.  (Some math: there are 17 shots in a bottle, so if you're going to drink shots at $17 each you actually come out spending only about 20% more on bottle service than the bar - if your group would drink that much.)- Whether you sit at the bar or at a table, girls "will" come up to you and make conversation which I think is "supposed to" eventually end with you buying a lap dance from them, which is "usually" $20 plus tip.  I say "usually" because I've been told that some dancers quote higher prices to you based on how rich you look.  I therefore look poor?  By "supposed to" I mean "actually involving quite a bit more conversation than my friends and I expected and might be a test to make sure you're not a sociopath or persuaded that this dancer has some non-commercial human connection with you and might."  By "will" I mean "might choose to walk anywhere near conversational or leering distance, with better odds for those sitting at tables than at the bar." --- that part was surprising to me.  It seemed like the dancers were picking the gentlemen.  Maybe this place is more feminist than I realized?  Is this feminist?- Where were we?  Right, back to the economics.  So they'll offer you a 3 lapdance package for $120 in a less public but still shared room (which makes no sense since one song is $20) or a private room starting at $225 or $275 - I forget.  I genuinely don't know what goes on there, but I've also been told that you can basically spend unlimited sums on such rooms, where they also start to include "alcohol fees" or something based on the "level" of room you get.   I also heard a rumor that if you accidentally leave your credit or debit card behind, they max it.  Sweet!  So pay cash.Enjoy!
4	So you call this place up for a ride, the first thing they mention is 'our drivers work on tips'. Does anyone in las vegas get paid a wage? Sure as hell doesn't seem like it. I normally tip the driver anyways because it's still cheaper than paying the 20 bucks for a cab on top of the cover, and these drivers are usually much more polite than the scumbag taxi drivers in this town. Funny, the driver was the only person that evening who didn't beg for a tip. He seemed genuinely happy to have received a tip. Anyways, you walk in and while they don't charge you the full cover, they still charge you 5 bucks. The setup they have is ok. Not a lot of seats around the stage if that's what you're into. What they do have is an abundance of tables, all of them had a "reserved" sign. The tables weren't reserved for anybody, I saw girls pulling random guys to these "reserved" tables for a dance. I guess it's some sort of lame attempt to keep people from sitting around. The girls were all very nice and incredibly polite. Yes, POLITE.  Polite people like dealing with other polite people, so it was greatly appreciated.  Strippers at other establishments usually act like drugged out zombies. Zombies with great racks. These girls actually introduced themselves like they were real people and attempted to make conversation. I was blown away, like holy crap brains? These girls have brains! You see, when you're an old fart like myself, you need more than a great rack to hold my interest. Not a whole hell of  a lot more mind you, but I do desire some mental stimulation every now and then. These girls were able to fulfill that desire. Well done.If any girls claim they are offering you a special deal, I'm gonna tell you now that they are lying to you. If you want a dance from a girl great, if you're swayed by the claim that your getting some kind of deal, walk away son.  She doesn't like you, she gives the same deal to every guy she talks to, she doesn't do anything different in the private area that she wouldn't do out on the floor. I had one girl claim that she only gave dances to customers she liked, I was tempted to pry deeper and ask her what about me she liked but I was already using every last bit of my will power to not bust out in laughter when she said that. You already got my money babe, ease up on the hyperbole.
1	zero stars if I could.  This place was the worst strip club I have ever been to throughout ALL of my travels, mind you I have been to clubs all over the US and in Europe and have never been treated worse.  I went to visit a girlfriend of mine being that I was in town and she was dancing, and I wanted to make it RAIN on my girl! .. As soon as I arrived, looking fabulous mind you, the security TEAM gave me the most hell , asking me a million questions about why I was there and whom I knew.  I walked in with a group of guys and a girl, and they were let in with no issue.  I was the only member not 100% caucasian in the group. Anyhow, I sweet talked one of the nice managers and he let me in and even got me a free drink at the bar.  I proceeded to find my friends, mingle, and get some Ones so I could start to contribute.  Honestly, the girls were just OKAY besides my hot friend who I couldn't wait to see dance.  She went on and we had fun, and then I went back to sit with other friends.  It turned out as soon as the "nice" manager had left for the night, one of the original pricks on the security team really had it out for me.  He asked me to follow him and leave my friends.. I asked why... long story short he was ENRAGED at the fact that I got let in by someone higher in the ranks than he... He escorted me out and I did not even get a change to say bye to my friends.. So, LONG STORY SHORT... I love strip clubs and I have never in my life had a problem with service until this unfortunate evening.  I hope that my girl finds a new club to dance at.  The security guys at this club are straight up MORONS on a power trip and probably no more than a 7th grade education.  Very low class and upsetting. I will not return. zero stars.
3	Largest gentlemen's club on the strip, with what I think is the best looking talent.  Come here early if you want to pay cover only; when it gets later on into the night you will be forced to buy a table just to sit since it does get packed.  Dances and tables are typical of Vegas, but the skill and diversity of the talent really takes the cake at this place.  Don't hesitate to book your bachelor party here.  They have so much space and its always a fun time for large groups.  I took off a star because they weren't willing to refund us our initial cover after we purchased a table.PROTIP:  They offer free limo shuttle service from the strip.
2	this club is very big,for a stripclub. I came in there, very late. It was like 1am. They had some hot strippers in there, but I just didn't like the setup of the place. The place, was just, too crowded for me. Also, they give lapdances, on the floor, instead of in private.To go private, it's like $150 or something. That's way too expensive. I got a lapdance on the floor, and I just did feel comfortable. There was a black chick, that looked like Aretha Franklin, that kept looking at me, while the stripper was giving me the lapdance. She looked pretty pissed off. Maybe it was because the stripper was white, I don't know.This stripclub had more of a dance club atmosphere. I rather have a stripclub smaller, so I can get more intimate with a dancer.
4	Objectively speaking, you cannot get around the fact that Sapphire is the largest strip club in Las Vegas, as well as in the state and quite possibly the whole planet. With so many exotic dancing bodies packed into one single space, you are bound to have a variety of selections, some of which is better than what you may find elsewhere. And thus without a doubt, applying the law of statistics in particular the Gaussian distribution, if you are looking for the best looking dancers to spend quality time with this is the place to visit. Around 68% of the girls will be average looking, however once you look hard enough into the +1sigma and even the +2sigma, you will most likely find more attractive girls here. With this in mind, here is the tradeoff: this club has large open spaces filled with comfy chairs and hence you won't get private lap dances unless you spend $$$ for the VIP time with the girls. It is very smokey inside the club so if you spend a lot of time here, be prepare to cut a few years off your life via second-hand smoke. I was inside for roughly 10 minutes and the absorption of smoke permeated all throughout my clothes, hair and skin. Eeek.Sapphire also has a pool that opens during the day in the summer, or so I've heard though I've never been to it. I don't think the girls lounging at the pool go topless either.Ladies and gentlemen, always remember to tip well. Dancers are workers who live off tips you know?!
1	God, I hate establishments like this. Why do I keep getting dragged to places like this, and when will our world finally move past such disheartening methods of existence?:(
1	Goal: Hang out with a few guy friends getting drinksWhat happens: A group of girls is waiting to ambush you to force you to sit down with them 1 on 1. You make a few minutes of small talk and they offer a private dance. If you reject them, many more will come back to cycle through (I'd count 7 attempts in the 30 minutes I was waiting for my more easily convinced friends). It got to the point that I had to walk away from the main seating area by the bar and that barely slowed the pace. Summary: Yes you get a free limo ride there with no cover and drinks are $3 but you really have to work for it by constantly rejecting a pretty weak onslaught.
1	This review is for a group of 9 guys.Pros:- largest strip club in Vegas, and it shows in terms of the staff and security- johnny depp was here, apparently. some of the guys really liked 2-3 of the dancers, but that's about it?Cons:- our booth was a bit cramped, esp for 9 guys. we eventually spread out a bit by accumulating random chairs though- even at midnight on a Saturday night, the girls here were NOT as great as all the hype. some of the girls on stage were just....meh. some of the girls that tried to offer lap dances were even worse. GEEZ. - $33 cover, even with bottle service and a group of 9 guys- we were told various, incorrect prices and details by a long chain of people from the hotel, the host, and the limo driver. we eventually ended up saying fk it sapphire is supposed to be the best, but yeah.- our waitress was the absolutely least enthusiastic, iciest waitress i've ever seen.In retrospect, I think most of us preferred OG (our first night, see review) to Sapphire. Better time, more relaxed atmosphere and girls that didn't repeat the same inane lines over and over and over again. Girls that didn't repeat the same inane lines over and over and over again. See how annoying that is?
1	HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT!! Came here with a group of my guy friends and as I was waiting in the lobby for them to get out, the bouncers accused me of "soliciting customers" even though I was sitting there by myself minding my own business. After being insulted, I asked to speak with a manager, and  they told me that if I did not leave in the taxi they had called for me, they would have me arrested. What kind of BS is that?!
4	Sun/9 Jun my 2 buddies and I decided to come here initially:- Arrived about 9:45 pm and it was a slow night, even with part of the club sectioned off.  Few customers and even fewer ladies.  Instead of Sun would suggest just coming on Fri or Sat night.- Locals & military personnel always free but since my 2 buddies (non-locals) rode in my car they comped all of us free entrance, which was nice.- We had "1 Free Drink, Limit 1 Per Guest" coupons which we redeemed for Jack & Cokes (tips to the bartender).- Since this night was slow we decided to check out Spearmint Rhino which was only a mile away.
3	Went for a bachelor party on June 14th 2013, arrived about 1145, free limo service is cool, waived cover charge (30 bucks)1 free shots/drinks upon arrival, the place is really over crowed, drinks are 17 bucks, too man dudes in there. Girls are of good quality. But the dances vary from 20-30 bucks. I ended up having to tip a bouncer 20 bucks to get a table for the 5 of us. don't hold your breath about siting at the stage. We stayed til about 3 am and left broke. The girls are nice but there are way better clubs out there.
1	Don't come here. First of all their limo drivers rip you off. They lure you into their limo and tell you it is free. And when you get there they charge you $80. The driver took $20 off the bat from one guy in our party and then suddenly he said we have to pay $80. He took an additional $80 and didn't account for the $20 her pocketed in the first place plus he was tipped another $10 on top. He jyped us a total of $100 for a limo ride. And then we were told for a party of 12 or more our cover is supposed to be comped but instead they tell us it is $30/person cover. Wow. Lure us here telling us everything is free and then tell us we have to pay $3000 for bottle service in order for us to get in for free. Wow! Don't come here. They just trick you into your money!!!
4	Sapphire is a girl buffet. Seriously, ask them for a blond Asian that has double Ds and bam! It's served. Sapphire is without a doubt the largest strip club in Vegas and almost anywhere in the world.It is beautiful inside, the stage is amazing and quite a piece of work. There is a two drink minimum. Local ladies are free. PRO TIP: Strip clubs will let you in for free and escort you there and back via limo ALL for free. Call: 702 303 3430.The girls are beautiful, the space is amazing, the VIP/Private rooms are truly private.If there is anywhere in Vegas, I would fall in love with a stripper, it would be here. Hello, ladies!
4	Whoop Whoop! What's a Bachelor Party without Steaks, Liquor, and T&A!Got bottle service for the party of 15 last Friday night, and this place was a Stripper BUFFET! EVERYWHERE ! The ladies are here to entertain/work, so don't be a cheapass and you'll be treated right! Had a blast here, actually got left behind in a VIP booth, while everyone left. Do you smell what the Strippers are cooking?Left one star out, just in case the Rhino is better...saving some Jacksons for that trip!
3	Great building- Great women.  The drinks are a little too expensive considering the high cover charge, but its still a fun place to go.
5	Best club in vegas by far
3	$33 cover charge, $50+ dollars for 3 mixed drinks, the atmosphere is great very big but thers only 1 stage it doesnt make sense, i wouldnt visit this place more than once its not worth the money you spend
5	Wow what a great place to have your bachelor party! Limo service and VIP. The girls are out of the world beautiful. They had over 100 girls for the boys to pick from. Bottle service is the bet way to go!
3	This is definitely a crazy strip club experience. Just understand what you are getting into. You walk in here and it's like stripper heaven. There are probably 2-3 strippers to every male customer. As one of my male friends so eloquently put it: "It's like the Costco of P----". Girls are everywhere: dancing (constant rotation which is good in one sense but bad if you see a girl you like and can't find her because she disappears in a sea of other girls), walking around, trying to extract your hard earned cash out of your wallet. And it's not cheap, more girls means more eye candy but also more opportunities for losing your money. Then again, who comes to Vegas to budget?If you do choose to splurge (splurge, not splooge, or maybe both) here, then be smart:RIDE: They claim to offer a free limo, make sure you find out all the details beforehand. They promote the place heavily and do want you to go, so if you do speak to a promoter during the day: try and negotiate a free limo AND a reduced group entry rate or something. It's worth a shot, they want your business. DRINKS: Drinks are very expensive here so do a solid pregame. TIPPING: Don't go nuts, giving away bigger bills, there is a ton of girls on constant rotation. Also, don't make my mistake of accidentally tipping a $20 because it was so dark :)CASH: Bring how much you want to spend because the ATM fee is out of control, it's 15% percent.I think I prefer a more intimate strip club setting although this was definitely an interesting experience and I am glad I got to go. I am giving it 3 stars because of what a financial drain it is. But it is by all means, the quintessential Vegas strip club experience!!
1	This is absolutely the worst gentlemen s club I ever been too !!! Trash don't wast you time ever going here !! They added stuff to my tab that was never suppose to be on there !! It looks nice but do not be deceived go any where but here!!! I took my boys here for all the hard work they do for me !! Very disappointed !!! Don't waste your money or time here!!
3	I just got back from sapphire with a group of 10 others. I liked the venue and music and atmosphere, but the entire time I was there, not one of the girls approached or even talked with me to try and sell a dance. I'm not sure if I came off antisocial/distracted or if I looked gay/like a girl (as I am a bit androgynous) and I found it a bit of a buzzkill.
1	Ordered 2 hen & cokes ($25 ea.) and 4 bottled beers ($17 ea)  wasn't to motivated to give $1s or get a lap dace after getting raped @ the bar..  Then I was charged $60 to pull $300 out of the ATM.... Also the girls were rude and stuck up & we had to basically beg for a hello... I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS PLACE..  Totally unacceptable to do your customers like that ..  Makes it more economical to hit the hoe stroll  or call an escort & get a lap dance from a pro with the happy ending guaranteed..   GRADE: F
1	I'm not a fan...It was my birthday and my wife wanted to take us out to a strip club. For whatever reason, we chose Sapphire. Firstly, there was along wait to get in. We were in line for at least 20 minutes...Next, it was $66 for the 2 of us to get in the door. As locals, that is ridiculous, but it was my birthday so we spent it.We ordered 2 cocktails, $34 for both (for well drinks), not including tip.The most disappointing thing about this club, the strippers were pretty hefty. I mean, for the price we paid, I expected some good looking women. Most of these girls were overweight, snobby and not attractive at all.My wife and I are good looking people, so we were hoping to surround ourselves with other sexy people.Lot's of single men, and a couple ladies. There were a lot of strippers, but again, they were haggard looking...Also, there was nowhere to sit. We stood for the first 30 minutes sipping our watered down and way overpriced drinks, before we found 2 seats that were not "reserved".If you're looking for a fun strip club with sexy women, this doesn't seem like the place to go.Save yourself $100 and go somewhere else. The cover should be free for locals (or cheap), especially on someones birthday...Lame club, lame women, overpriced and over-hyped.
2	Stupid place,ugly Strippers.
1	Not impressed. Staff was rude and girls were boring
2	Our bachelorette party went to Sapphire - the world's largest double strip club...I don't know how true that was, but damn, that place was big. But too crowded and too touristy, which is where they make their money, but from someone not shy about going to them (having gone to one the week prior, literally), this one was not a place I would return to. I had to pay a $25 cover, though the cab driver gave us drink tickets, and then once inside, you couldn't move freely between the men and women sides. WTF?! I was not happy about that - but I want my cake and eat it too, so, maybe I'm used to something else.  The girls were a mish mash of pretty, girl-next-door, eh, and ohmygodssheshot. And there were a lot of them - the ratio was pretty good for a big, busy club. That was the most impressive thing, in my opinion. It took us forever to find a girl worthy of a lap dance, but I blame the pickiness of the bachelorette, and the drinks SUCKED. Not only that, in order to sit, you have to reserve a table...no sitting at the bar because they're maybe five seats at each one, of course completely full for the entire time they're open. That's how they make their money, I get that, but still...pretty women would get more money from me, drinks-tips-dances-all three, if I could've sat! I would've gladly gone to another, perhaps more divey place, without the cover and the ability to have better drinks and a place to sit and watch.
1	Awful place to go!!!! Terrible management, OVERPRICED and the girls weren't very impressive.  Cost $33 to get in and if you have four or more people you have to purchase a $350 bottle to get a table. We waited an hr just to get seated and they couldn't help us-- no refund or anything! The fact we waited an hr to sit and paid for drinks, which mind you-one vodka soda and one corona was $33 is insane and ridiculous. The girl at the front was a bitxh and OVERALL just a terrible experience. Crazy horse is where it's at!! Hope this helps.
4	Definitely my favorite strip club in Vegas! Lots of all natural beautiful young girls! They are very friendly too! I like their packages on their site, for couples and large groups. The $150 package, complimentary limo pickup, $140 drink ticket, no cover charge, all drinks are $14 each, regardless Paton, grey goose or corona?! Interesting. I wanted to write an update on the VIP room, it was first time for us, our stripper was so beautiful, I liked how quiet, private and clean the large room was, no smokes either, that part was really nice, the smokes were killing my eyes and skin! It's $272 half hour, $200 for the girl, $72 for 4 drinks, it's pretty good deal actually, we could buy up to 20 dances outside, still spend $200, not that private and too many people. I think I want to go for VIP room directly next time, much better! The skybox is $500 for one hour, more private and comfy, one of the strippers told us, maybe we will try it next time! It's should be fun and interesting! They have a restaurant on site. And food all night long. The vegan burger I had there was almost the best meal in Vegas! The bean patty was soooooo delicious! It was only $10?! Ps. The have day club in summer, never been to one, I don't do well in heat.
1	Avoid this place. BY FAR THE WORST GENTLEMAN'S CLUB I'VE BEEN TO IN VEGAS! Wife and I went to Vegas a few weeks ago and usually we visit one of the Gentlemen's clubs we know we enjoy. The Cab driver insisted on Sapphires claiming it was the "Worlds biggest with plenty of seating". We figured sure why not. Some clubs in Vegas its hard to find seating, so when he mentioned the place was huge and seating was not a problem we figured it was worth a shot to try a new place.BIG MISTAKE. After paying the $40 cover to get inside we're greeted by a gentleman with two dancers next to him almost like they're next in line for the next group that walks in the door. Seemed awkward to us. Both girls, pretty in their own regard, were not our type and I was hoping he wasn't going to try and throw them at us. As we approached him, he asked us how many were in our party, and I told him 4. He gave us one look and said go ahead and walk in with no other information. As we walk down to a large room full of tons of empty chairs we notice EVERY SINGLE TABLE has the word "Reserved" on it. We see there is a second room that is completely empty with the same signs. We look over to the bar and notice its shoulder to shoulder packed.My initial guess is that they don't allow you to sit down in this place unless you pay additional money to sit in one of their "Reserved" seats, but we were not quite sure yet. Anyways, we walk up to the extremely crowded bar area and order 4 drinks. Like others have stated its about $14-$16 a drink. I saw a girl ask for some water and they gave her the tiniest bottle and it was $10. She almost flipped her lid. The bar was a mad house every one was just there standing staring at the dancers on stage. Also since the bar is perched up they could see all the "Reserved" tables with the patrons getting lap dances.The over crowding of the Bar became to much so my wife went back to the gentleman who told us to just walk in and ask him about all the reserved tables. When she asked what the story was with those he said "Go get your entire group and we can talk about pricing". My wife again asked if he can simply explain how this all works and rudely the douche replies "Go get your group and we can talk about pricing". Needless to say we were done. So let me get this straight, we pay $40 to get in, then before taking 5 steps in to the place we were to be confronted to pay additional money to sit? If not our only option is to be shoulder to shoulder with everyone at the bar. And should we choose to pay for one of your "Reserved" seats, we get the pleasure of everyone at the bar gawking at us while we enjoy our personal dance?This place is a joke. This is one of the first times I have hated my experience at a gentleman's club in Vegas. The other couple we brought it was their first time at a gentleman's club so he had to apologize on behalf of Sapphire's and tell them this is not how normal clubs function. If anything they've just experienced the worst of the worst. We ended up going to one of our favorite clubs and spent a lot of money and enjoyed ourselves. Unlike Sapphires, we spent it willingly and not forcefully. Please don't make the same mistake we did, there are plenty of other clubs that are a thousand times better than this god awful establishment.
1	beware when purchasing drinks here with a debit/credit card. they will try and run your card for money. they tried to run an $80, $100 and $40 charges on my card that i did not personal make.  fraud!! fraud!! fraud!!
2	2/5.   Fred, a promoter for the club, informed us that Sapphire offers bottle service at the price of $350 per bottle with a deal of a purchase of 2 bottles and you get another one for free. Also free limo service and free entry.    First off, their "free" limo comes with a $7 per person surcharge. They don't collect until you enter into the premises. Pick up was fast (of course) and courteous, so I guess that was nice.   After the pat down, the hostess informs us that bottles are $400 each and the free one that comes with the purchase of 2 is a miniature bottle. We asked to speak to the manager about this bait and switch and he informs me that Fred is an independent marketing agent that doesn't have the current information on pricing. Since we were already there, we gave him the benefit of the doubt.   As our group starts to be seated, dancers proceeded to move in and the waitress comes by with the menu. We ordered 2 bottles of Hennessy and wanted a Ciroc for the free bottle. The waitress then informs us that all these are premium alcoholic drinks and aren't subject to their deal. The price now jumps to $550 per bottle, not including taxes, fees, and gratuities. We asked for the manager again. He comes down and of course, supports the waitresses claim.   So, starting from the false or inaccurate information given to us by Fred, the hostess and manager, and waitress-pricing jumps from $350 per bottle (buy 2 get 1 free) to $400 per bottle (buy 2 get 1 miniature free) to $550 per bottle (buy 2 get 1 miniature free *excludes premium brands) respectively. Feeling like we were being jerked off, we try to negotiate pricing to at least the second offer but to no avail. We stood up and walked out, but not before some people got free lap dances, so I guess it wasn't a total loss.   All in all, our experience at Sapphire was limited to their poor customer service and their disclosure of pricing. $550 per bottle isn't bad, its just the total lack of customer respect that killed it. If they had been more focused on truthfulness and being upfront with us instead of scams and trickery, our experience at Sapphire would have been enjoyable.
1	I will not be back .  Worse strip club I've been too.  Now I understand how these places work but they take it to a new level of scamming their customers .  My girl and I got the free limo to treasures and spent a little time there and it was ok,  so I called up the limo to take us back to our place and on the way we asked him to drop us off at sapphires .  So he hooked us up here for no admission and in we went.   Place seemed nice inside and there were plenty of girls working but not many of them if any were overly attractive.  I went to grab a table and every empty table had a reserved sign on it.  Strange.  There were a lot of reserved signs.  So I saw the host and asked him for a table , he told me it was $50 a person and we could get one.   Yeah right.  So we became wallflowers for a while and bought 2 beers for $24,   We asked the waitress for a table and she would get us one if we got bottle service or we could see the host for a table.  Been there so we declined.  Finally I decided let's just sit at a table and see if they kick us out.   So we sat down.  Tossed the reserved sign and no one said a word.  Reserved my ass.          Now let's get to the strippers, that's why we came here anyways.    Average girls with aggressive tactics .  Got one lap dance that turned into a drama.  She jumped in my lap so I said sure, might as well break the ice , and she gave me a half ass dance for 1/3 of a song for $20 bucks.  My girl was next.   She jumped in her lap and finished the dance,  one song total and she demanded $40.  Fine here is $45 dollars now just go away.  We didn't get mad just said with smile that we were done. No more .  You got us.  No that wasn't enough of a tip !  Really?   Even still we just wanted her to leave so we could continue the night and find a dancer who was worth it.   She got mad and called us Assholes!  We had been here an hour and we were done.  On the way out I stopped at the host and told him about the conduct of the dancer and he simply said they are contracted that the girls don't work for them directly. What a joke.
1	This place is a total rip off. I went in with a two of my male friends and our treatment was abysmal at best. The drinks are over priced. The stage non existent. After spending almost a $100 on drinks all we did was stand around. Every single table was so called "reserved" for bottle service averaging $1300 .....seriously ? And I've partied in burlesque clubs in Paris that were wayy nicer for half as much price wise ! Not to mention the crowd was barely talented. Totally low class service for high dollar prices. Not to mention the club was mostly empty ! The bouncers were rude and obnoxious to us so we brought it up to the head manger who provided us a table apologized only to have the same previous bouncer try to chase us out. When we had just about had it the manager tried to appease us by now giving us a VIP booth but too little too late. Why would anyone be inclined to drop any money for such pathetic service. My suggestion go elsewhere. The talent is "not so talented" the service leaves a lot to be desired and the facilities are lackluster and barely qualify for strip club. Take my advice take your business elsewhere. We did.
5	GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!LAP DANCE $20!Here's what to do... for NO COVER!(1) Call Sapphire up(2) Tell them you want a ride there (3) Tell them your hotel (they will get there within an hour)(4) Driver will drive your ass there(5) No need to pay for ride or cover. You roll in a massive part-tay bus! **TIP the driver!(6) Homeboy will ask if you need a table - say yes or you'll be standing around like a loser. Let em girls come to you(7) Walk-in like a pimp(8) Girls will crawl(9) Bandz-A-Make-Her-Dance!(10) YEAH I LOVE EM STRIPPERSSSS!**OVERALL: hot girls... love this place. Will come again.
1	Horrible!!!!!!Do not waste your money and time by going there, I was there with my husband yesterday Saturday night ,The dancers are ugly , cheap , they have nothing to offer, these two blondes came to our table and starting giving me a lap dance which I did not ask for , I kept saying that's good enough to get rid of them , after a few minutes they told my husband we owe them $160 dollars !!!! They claimed they danced 4 songs and there were 2 dancers at $20 each song , we argued with them we did not wanted to pay for something we didn't ask , they told us that we had to or else , it got ugly , we paid them and ran out of there , they're scams in that place , girls are very very ugly ,It is very scary and unsafe !!!The worst!!!
1	weak ass fucken dancers!!!! Girls didn't even dance on the pole, they just walked around. And $33 for the cover. KISS ME ASS!
3	Just got back. It was okay for a Sunday. The strippers were average to good looking. They were very aggressive for the most part. I ended up getting some laps from a looker named Mandy.Music was good and predictable. The staff was very professional. Not bad. Tomorrow I will return to LA. and see how the my run turns out.
3	So, I recently learned that you should never, ever have to pay for cover to get into a strip club. I also learned that you can also get a free ride to the venue (along with free entrance).It only makes sense as businesses are vying to win your patronage and cash in on your hard earned dollars.Anyway, decided to call it quits on my second night of Vegas clubbing and wanted to spice it up for my birthday. So, "dragged" my group of friends to this joint around 2:30am. There was no line when we pulled up and getting in was a piece o' cake.The club was dark (to be expected), beautiful interior and had a lot of girls walking about. There were a handful that made my head turn but honestly, I'm picky and it took a good 45 mins of "soul searching" to find "the one". She was pretty, friendly, and did a great job of being "sincere". I did a few things that will 'stay in Vegas' but it was all for fun and I enjoyed my time here.They may try to charge you to sit at a table but we found seats scattered here and there so out of pocket we just paid for booze and dances. I give a lot of respect to the girls working here, it takes a lot of guts to flaunt your stuff while practically naked in a room full of strangers. So while it's easy to critique the boobs on that one (did you see that ripple? fake!) or ass on that one (where is it?) and butter-face on that one (anyone have a paper bag?) - I give each and every one of them respect, even if you look like you're in your mid-40s. Do your thang girl. Also, the girls here weren't overly aggressive when trying to get you to commit to a $20-$30 lap dance that lasted about 2 mins/song.There's a fun machine that takes your photo upon exiting which you can send to yourself, it even posts to Facebook if you want to incriminate yourself lol. I think these are trending now because I saw another one at MGM. All in all, it was a fun place to check out - my group of girl and guy friends enjoyed it and I'm pretty sure my guy wasn't complaining while I was getting T&A all up in my face.
1	This place is not only a rip off but they're scammers! They advertised free limo pick up with free admission and 1 free drink ticket. Did the limo was free so we tipped the driver and got admission ticket. When we go inside front desk said its $7. Of course we paid since still a good price. Got inside and seated. No drink ticket. Drinks were $17 and water was $11. Paid that to get the party started. Got lap dance for $20. They up sell VIP room. This is where the scam got heated. It's mandatory to pay $75 for 2 drinks. Charges your credit card 15% fee and bill you for charges you didn't agree then bouncer comes and make you signed under duress. Best course of action for any strip club is being cash. This is where they scam you: My credit card company flagged my purchase as suspicions so they froze my credit card. My bank also froze my ATM card as well. So during the time I was dealing with them running my card again and going to the ATM and not getting my lap dance, they charge and bill you for services not provided.
3	Gorgeous dancers, great drinks, but if you're a gay man coming for the male strippers don't expect to get much attention from their boys. Save your money and go to a better  venue.
1	This was by far the WORST strip club that I have ever been to! The place is huge to begin with so you have a tough time seeing the stage shows if you are seated in one of the tables along the back wall. It was completely packed as well. The dancers didn't have much personality and were over the top fake. First off, my wife and I purchased a couples package. They advertised that they catered to couples and when I called to schedule the limo, the girl on the phone suggested getting the prepaid package. We got there and were treated like scum because we prepaid. After reading some of the other reviews this now makes sense because they didn't have my credit card to charge a bunch of stuff to. We were taken to a crappy table and stuffed in where it was hard for the dancers to come over to us and tough to get out.We were supposed to get $140 in drinks once we got there as part of the package. The waitress was horrible and came by maybe once every hour. We ended up getting 3 beers each the entire time we were there. Those were some really expensive beers I guess. The dancers were really cold to us until my wife would go to the bathroom. Then they would come and bug me for a dance. Only one girl was nice to her the entire time we were there. That is the only good part of our entire time at this place. Otherwise, we actually had to approach several girls ourselves and ask them for dances. In my opinion this place is NOT couples friendly at all. We got the limo to pick us up and take us there but once you get there you have to find your own way back. There are taxis out front but definitely plan on paying to get back to the strip at the end of the night. My opinion is that if you are a 21 year old college kid and want to see some boobs and don't mind being packed into a place that resembles a rave club, this is your venue. If you have any maturity level at all and want to be treated with any decency then you might as well just go to any of the big Vegas shows. They are all topless and the alcohol is cheaper. We tried The Palomino Club the next night and had a much better time. We were treated with respect, the venue is fully nude with alcohol, the women were more attractive and much nicer to us, we were never without a drink and they gave us a ride back to our hotel at the end of the night. Bottom line review from me: The Sapphire is a total waste of money!!!!!
2	So, a I have been to more than a handful strip clubs in Vegas and only 3 in my home town. Illinois but in everyone I have ever been in I have never been harassed for tips. Spent $66 for two to walk in. Um that should be enough for a host to sit me down and thank me for my business. I am paying for dances, I am paying triple the average cost of the same drink elsewhere. But to have some jerk stand above me like I unconvinced him is up surd.Treat me like gold and I might spend it . The server may have agreed or not either way she apologized for how we where treated and attempted to make it up and for that I give 2 stars. If I could rate her service I would give it a 5. The club gets a negative 3 hence the two. Not my fault who the door goes too. All I ask is you assume the money I spend is important. Not like the door jockey whom only makes money on tips
1	Horrible money hungry girls. So many that you never have a chance to breath. Many of them are fat! Hustlers is better!
1	UPDATE UPDATE!!! EVEN if you call Sapphire up... you'll have to pay $7 per person to get in to the strip club. Not cool if you are planning to make it rain.. I made it rain for sureee.. would be nice to have an extra $7.
1	there is nothing good about this place..the girls are pathetic beggars who are (on average) 20 lbs overweight. The girls are not attractive and the place is designed to remove you from your cash. ATM's charge $45 for a cash advance!!! VIP is $400/hr PLUS tips for security, waitress and the girl, PLUS 15% upcharge for credit or debit cards (illegal I might add) AND you have to buy a bottle at 10 times the normal cost....NO THANK YOU!!! Lap dances are a much better option @ $20/songThe minute that you walk in, dregs assault you and ask you to spend time with you..they pounce on you before you can even enter
4	It's like a zoo in here with lots of wild animals.  You could bring protection, but it won't matter (eewwwwww..), because there's only one thing that these animals want.. and that's - YOU GUESSED IT:DOLLAR BILLS!!Come prepared.. and by prepared, I mean come wearing sweat pants.
1	BEWARE! Do not use your card . They will charge your card for who knows what !!! I used my card once and I have 3 charges on it. They take advantage of the dark back rooms and say just sign it. Take your thumb print so you can't dispute it. Never again.
1	I did not like it here. Music is super loud. One dancer in particular on stage was awful. She made no connection with the audience and it was clear she was stoned and an angry person, so she complained about few tips. Every other dancer got awesome tips, this one person ruined it for a lot of us.
1	Worst strip club I've even been to.Was in Vegas past weekend of my boy's bachelor party. We reserve a VIP package online and pre-paid. The best part of the entire Sapphire experience...the limo bus ride over there, driver was awesome. Some girls from our hotel were on their way over there too and danced on the pole in the bus for us. Sadly, they were much better than the actual strippers in Sapphire. We got there got our reserved table, no view of the stage at all (so starting off bad already). Waitress was nice and apologetic the entire time. Less than 5 minutes into sitting get approached by an asian stripper (not even close to attractive), No small talk, tried to grab my wallet out of pants and said I want to use your credit card. No bueno on that. So she got lost when we told her to please leave us alone. Some actually attractive girls showed up to give us lap dances. Usually the strip clubs I've been too nationwide (MIA, NYC, LA, ATL) the girls have some small talk, over here the same 3 questions in less than 2 minutes for all of them (What's your name? Where are you from? Do you want a dance?) After the dance they're gone faster than anything ever. There's so many girls here and so many patrons, you would think they would spend some more time with out after to try to get more from you. Instead, they do their dance and then go hang out with each other. So hour in now after a few dances and 3 drinks in (all of us used up our drink cards with the 3 drinks...makes no sense...must be really pricey drinks). The manager comes over to us and tells us we need to leave our table since at that moment none of us had a drink in hand. Forget the dances we were getting. So we all ordered another round. That bought us 20 minutes. He came back up to us and told us to leave the table. No where else to sit in the club, only standing room. So we said forget this and left the club. I feel bad for my buddy as he was angry after told to leave our table. Pretty much ruined the part of his party. Luckily he said everything else more than made up for this crappy place.
3	This place is in a super sketchy area so beware.The strippers are okay, not that great looking.. This place offers alcohol so that means the girls cover their vajajays.If you are going to just pass the time, be advised you most likely will be approached by one of the many top less girls who are just walking around trying to get people to buy lap dances or go into the back room. So last time I went there was a check in offer for a drink and that's all I got. The drink was alright. The view was alright as well.. but not great enough to keep me there for more than an hour or so. Next time I go to Vegas I think I will pass on this strip club and try to hit up one of the others...
1	The biggest strip club in the US is also the worst in the US.  This place sucks in every possible way.  The strippers basically try to mug you when you walk in.  The bouncers are thugs.  The entire place is one big scam, and that's saying a lot for a strip club of any kind.  Oh yea and the bud lights are $14....have fun!
5	This spot is active their was like 250+ girls when i went.I was grabbing that ass & titties all day..The music keeps you up..And dont forget to take some party supplies to keep you up..because the party doesn't stop..You can even take it back to the hotel for cheap!
1	if i could give it 0 starts I would... $35 cover to get in.. Ok whatever.. music was horrible.. dont know how girls can try and dance to house music.. the girls were not very friendly mostly standing by the bar instead of coming up and offering lap dances.... Oh and drinks are overpriced.. No I won't be going back.  I had a better time at Palomino!!
1	Very uncomfortable seeing 50 year old men grabbing 20 year old naked boobs.... would rather go to a stip club in California where the get all the way naked with out the groping... and none of the strippers look worth the $65 for me and my wife(she like boobs also)..... find somewhere else to go.... not worth the free limo ride
1	This review is not for the club itself but for the complimentary limo service with $7 entry. I received a call asking what time I wanted to be picked up and where. I told the girl on the phone where I live and a time and she said we only pick up in 10 minute intervals and at hotels. I told her that I lived at the condo right around the corner but she was not trying to accommodate us. We quickly drove over to the hotel we chose to be picked up from and after pulling in we see the Sapphire party bus pulling away. First off we were told a limo and second off we were only two minutes late. A call would have been appreciated but instead I called the "limo" driver and no answer. Then I called Sapphire direct and told the girl my situation. She was less then helpful and had a super rude unpleasant attitude. She ended up hanging up on me and saying she was not going to send another limo. I will never step foot in this strip club and I will tell everyone I know to not spend their money here.At the end of the day Sapphire missed out on big bucks because the girls who answer there phones have disgusting attitudes.
1	Ok, I will start with this caveat..I'm a Miami guy...strip clubs are like dance/night clubs and sports bars everywhere else...having that said...this place was a DISASTER. I think I'm spoiled, because I do live in South Florida, where women are gorgeous and I don't have to sit on my hands, when I'm getting a lapdance. This place was so dark, I could hardly see my drink, and there wasn't much vodka in my vodka and cranberry to start with.  I sit down amid all of this..and attempt to view the merchandise. As I saw the scantily clad women walk by, I was not impressed. I wanted to run back to Tootsies/Scarlett's and see the homegrown hotties I'm used to. One stripper walks up to me in this bunk ass catsuit outfit, and I guess she was drunk...started talking shit to me! Like "give me money you asshole..blah blah". I pushed her off of me, and she wanna call security on me and my lady..well..security saw my ID, and I revealed I was from the thin blue line..so they stepped off. Just a shit experience. Spearmint Rhino wasn't much better either. I'm not even gonna attempt to review that one...this place would be fun if you're from Ohio or Kansas (no disrespect) and don't have big strip clubs...
5	So my guy friend a 30 year old virgin got a few lap dances and spent a ton of money    ( he was oblivious). The girls can take advantage of the guys but hey thats their job. they had good music and the strippers were actually really pretty. Im not going to knock on their hustle if they are good at what they do more power to them. Cool place ladies free guys they charge $20 and maybe a complimentary limo ride. I had a great time. Only in VEGAS.
3	I don't know how to review this place. Over all it was an experience. So that's good we did enjoy our time. It didn't cost our group of five a penny to get in or to be seated witch is something this place should continue.  As they chage a ton for drinks and the strippers try and mug you for your money. I was happy to see my group with smilies on there face. It was going great. Then the bar tender got mad over a tip. Granted buy this time we had spent over $1200. When she got mad they switched us tables.  One of the people in our party was drugged eather buy the bartender or the strippers.  Then walked to the back for about 2 min. He had just pulled $200 more from the atm. All money was taken. Kind of a 0stars experience for him but give the place over all 3 stars due to group happyness. All in al night cost $1500 bucks were all under 25 and work hard for our money. Sad to think they will not have our business next time. Due to drugging one of our group.
3	Got comped to come here and despite bad Yelp reviews we (husband, brother-in-law, myself) did. Had a blast for an hour: crowd was good, ladies doing their thang, no one tried to get us to buy a table and everyone was super friendly. First round of drinks: two beers for the gents and a glass of water for myself. Second round of drinks: an attempt of the same except we were very rudely told by the female bartender (long black hair) that they don't do glasses of water, and bottles of water were $11. Cool, I don't mind paying whatever but I do mind your rudeness. She tried to hand us the beers and we walked out instead. Would have given it 5 stars if not for the bitch.
2	I went here after a Sapphire Pool party, but was somewhat disappointed as it went kinda slow on a Saturday night and most of the dancers from the pool didn't come here afterwards. Girls are not that attractive, drinks are very expensive.
5	Its the Worlds Largest Gentleman's club, what's not to love? Whether you are looking for a decent happy hour with a great "view" , or you are looking to  find out what it is that happens in Vegas that has to "stays" there (& keeps the masses coming back) this place has something (or someone) to satisfy your desires no matter your taste! With a grill offering your typical bar foods, pizzas, & even sweet treats you can keep up your energy to PAETY ALL NIGHT LONG! There is a HUGE selection of ladies as well as options for spending time with them. I recommend asking the girl of your liking for a  tour of the beautifully remodeled VIP area to complete your experience!
1	By far the weakest establishments I was a part of a bachelor party and they denied us entrance I don't want to say it's because we were a group of black guys but that's what it feels like we had on Tshirts and shorts and they said we can't come in based on dress code meanwhile they allowed a group of white guys dressed exactly the same but less swag entrance.,.i guess even if the money is green the man throwin it can't be black brown or anything else
4	When you enter Sapphire's, it's like a body falling into a school of piranha.  There's one moment of pause as all the girls turn to see you, then they surround you and start tearing money out of your hands.  Don't get me wrong the girls are hot and dirty, you'll enjoy it, but you'll be broke. Albeit at $20 per dance you'll get a lot of action before you turn up broke.
4	Very large club supposedly the biggest in the world.  Fridays and Saturdays here look like a night club its that packed. Make sure you are dressed right because you can get turned away at the door, no matter how much money you intend to spend.  Other days are slower but still a lot of people in this massive space.  There are so many entertainers every night, so you have avast selection.  Food is fantastic. If you have money to blow this is a great place to let it out.  The only drawback is drinks are a bit pricey, but then again most drinks are in Vegas.  I would say if you really plan on drinking do bottle service because you will also get a VIP table. This place even has its own pool and day club. It's actually pretty fun, a little hidden gem.  The staff is friendly and very cool from host' to the bartenders  and mgmt. It's not crazy or trashy like people might assume its a great median of party vibe with chill fun pool vibes. I think no matter what the age you can have a good time here and hear a variety of music. Let me know if you're interested in going.
3	Could use some more poles. Also, our promoter promised us a table, but did not follow through. Outing with out-of-towners could have been better
1	F**k this place. I used to love it but the drink prices are way beyond nightclub absurd, the  girls are as pushy as Rhino (which has a better lineup), the ATMs have been broken three times while I've been there, the valet guys are a*s holes and generally you're just paying out the a*s to be treated like complete s**t.
1	The worst experience ever! The Staff here needs more training on customer service and how to treat women! I asked the gentleman at the front of the line where the bathroom was and he gave me a attitude and told me to go next door if I didn't want to wait.     Then he proceeded to tell my friend that the reason why the line was taking so long was because of the girls in front of us having billing issues. He said if you want it to speed up then encourage them to pay for each other. After she did what the bouncer told her to do, he kicked her out of the line. Like wtf! That's what you told her to do moron.     This whole experience was completely embarrassing and a waste of time! When I asked to talk to a manager all the employees looked dumbfounded and didn't want to give out correct names. Some white guy came to the front and claimed he was the manager but did nothing to help. He lied and said that my friend was yelling at the girls in front of us which wasn't true! First he said his name was Peter finestine and then at the end he said his name was bill. He did nothing to help me and then said I was being threatening when I asked for his district managers info. Pele was the only nice bouncer last night & he tried to help me but Peter kept ordering him to make me leave because I wanted his managers info.       I'm glad that I was sober last night because the way that my friends and I were treated was horrible. My last night in Vegas was ruined and I will make sure that all my family and friends know about this. Will definitely not return!
1	0 stars at Alll. This place is nothing but Shit hole!!, I strongly recommend that please never visit this place. Believe me!!
2	some promotor lured us into going here and i don't think he said that this is A STRIP CLUB. and honestly i never wanted to go to one and thank god we didn't go inside..they told us to buy 2 drinks (well they were trying to get guys to buy it for us but we ditched the random guys) and we got there and each drink was like 20-30 dollars if i remember correctly with a free limo ride home. but we were planning to take a taxi for 20 so this was asking for more than we planned to pay.however, we met SAM THE LIMO DRIVER and he was pretty cool. kept in touch with him for a little while and his former stripper friend lol
5	Free limo ride here but of course you have to pay to get in (close to $30 for females).  My friends came here for a bach.  It was quick since there was another event going on immediately after.  The activities were similar to Chippendale's but it's cheaper and a little "sleazier" because of the environment of course.  Main difference here is you can buy lap dances and the whole "ticket" isn't as expensive.  You also get to go from watching male to female dancers.  Too bad the latter didn't happen.  It was an interesting night.
2	Here's all you need to say about this place:  My buddy (a Marine in full dress blues) was turned away because he was "too drunk."  This dude coulda put a .50 cal downrange two miles to a target, but was too drunk for a strip club?  Skanks for supporting our troops!  GO SOMEWHERE ELSE AND PARTY HARD!
4	My husband and I visited on a weekday in November. We utilized the free limo ride to the club, which was nice. The driver was prompt and sociable. The drinks were around $20/per, as were the lap dances for around 3 minutes each. The girls were cute and polite, and didn't take offense to being turned down. We got three lap dances between us, and were able to touch freely after asking. Overall, 4/5. If it's wasn't so pricey, it would be a 5.
1	Horrible!!!!  We went as a large group,  men and women. The hassle and hustle begins at the door and does not stop till you leave. The place was nearly empty,  but they hasseled us over tables and crazy minimums till we just threw in the towel and left. We had hotter chicks in our group anyway. We'll neeeeever return. 2 thumbs down  for this spot.
1	Very rude staff. I went with a group of friends - mostly couples and asked for a table. One of the guys in a suit acting all freakin important tells me to buy a bottle worth $450 to get a table. The worst place I have been to in Vegas so far!
1	worst experience in vegas. i was robbed there. waitress charge you way more than they should and strippers lie to you. i used my card to buy drinks there and they charged me 3 different values for that. dont recommend this place to anyone
3	My friends and I TRIED to come here, but they wanted $44/person, but that did include 1 drink, we passed, but the staff was friendly as we were leaving. I think they were just over charging because it was Thanksgiving weekend, I hope that was the reason.
1	Got caught in stripper drama. One girl showed me her gat about to shoot another girl. I got hustled for money I didn't owe.Notice: I've been to several strip clubs (including sapphire), but this time I went with a bunch of rookies. It was really messed up.. Kinda funny though.. Lol
1	First off F*** sapphire. The most racist strip club on the planet. I already heard rumors about them shunning minorities but after a personal experience now I know it's true. I get the limo deal for the 2 drinks minimum cover for $30. Cool no problem. Limo picks me and my friend up by MGM no problem. We get there and the place looks nice from the outside but unfortunately I didn't get to see much more than that. We get to the front and get carded. I'm thinkin I'm about to have the best exprerience ever but WRONG!! One of the security guards say I'm  too intoxicated. What?!? Now I had a few drinks before got there but I was far from intoxicated. I would understand if I was stumbling and puking everywhere but I was very much coherent and far from too intoxicated. But don't take my word for it. Ask some of the locals and they will say the same thing. Sapphire is racist and minorities clearly aren't welcome there. Don't say I didn't warn u
1	If I could give it one review I would. We walk in and my friend uses the ATM. Normal right? $45 just to use the ATM. Then from there girls immediately come to you and sit on your lap. I went out to have a guys night out. Not have some random girl sit on me. I was also wearing khakis. The girl had so much bronzer on that she left it all over my nice expensive khakis. I'm sorry but I don't want to look like you after you're done. Then the girls say "were gonna bring you on a tour." Then they bring you into the VIP room and sit you down and say its $500 per girl per hour.  Then we said no thanks but they wouldn't let us leave. We had to say no thanks. Overall worst experience I've had at a club. I don't mind them trying to hustle me for drinks. But don't sit there and tell me how much you make and how long you've been doing it. Over all I will not go back.
1	Horrible and rude staff, we checked it and paid for a table and they never gave us a table, tried to get out money back and they refused, therefore we called the credit card company and canceled the transaction. I am a local and have brought many many out of town friends to this establishment. I will never come or bring anyone here ever again, not a good buisness  strategy , you can't promise someone what they paid for and then say we are full sorry and keep your money. Avoid this club at all cost, I'm ashamed to have given them so much buisness.
3	Called them up for a free limo ride. A large club. The drinks cost  20 at the table and 18 at the bar. Never pay by card!!! Never! They charged us 250 instead of 120! (Thankfully the transaction was rejected). Always take Cash!!!So this is a topless club (therefore, they serve alcohol)The dancers are pretty. They charge 20 for a dance at your seat. Dance lasts for about 5-6mins. They keep forcing you to take the private dance which costs about 100 for 15mins.
1	Had a bad experience, you couldn't get a place to sit unless you spent $700 plus on bottle service. Had half the club roped of and empty. FYI it was $45 a person to get in we stayed 15 minutes, it was that much of a downer
