5	As the previous poster reported, the Morrocroft Harris Teeter (aka Taj Mah Teeter) seems to get all the attention locally, but in my humble opinion my neighborhood HT in the Arboretum is the tops! The store is spacious, never short on inventory (which can lead to great deals, see below), and easy to navigate through. I also think the service you get at this store is a cut above other Teeter's I have frequented in the past. Being one of the larger (and I beleive earlier opening) stores they seem to get a lot of new products/bars before other stores, such as the Pizza grill that I've seen other stores open just recently. I'm a hound for deals, and I always find the most coupons and discounted items at the Arboretum HT. I highly recommend scanning the store on a Tuesday evening, as you will find the best deals on their meat products as they cut prices to roll out new inventory for the next week's sales. As if the grocery store itself wasn't enough, there's even a separate business for Thai takeout located in the front of the store. I've only tried it once, but it was delicious and reasonably priced! If you live in south Charlotte, you really need to try this HT out!
4	This is one of the larger HTs in the area. The downside to this is that it can be difficult to find what you are looking for.  The upside is that they have an excellent selection of everything that you could possibly want. If I can't find an item at one of the other local Teeters, chances are that I can find it here.
4	It's a good Harris teeter, it's just too huge for me. I do not prefer to shop here and usually see someone wandering around like I am looking for where to find something in their odd extra long aisles with a walkway cutting through the middle.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
