5	This is my favourite pupusa place in Montreal. The toppings are way better than any other place I've ever been - crunchy, perfectly spiced, and the hot sauce is so good. The pupusas are delicious too, and the plantains aren't too oily. One of my friends complains that they don't have enough different fillings, but I don't care about that. There's bean & cheese, pork, and loroco if you ask for it. Mmmm...
4	One of my favourite pupusa places for sure. The masa is light and crisp, the meat fillings and cabbage and hotsauce are all fresh, the cheese is perfectly salty and chewy. This is a friendly hole in the wall with tri++lingual service that really delivers when it comes to flavour - super savoury but still fresh and clean. Whether the place is busy or quiet it takes about the same amount of time to get your pupusas (~15 minutes) and you can see the kitchen from the cash to watch everything being made. Instead of dining in the small, familial, but a bit bare restaurant we'll usually take a stack of these home and bury ourselves under them for a day or two, happy as clams.
5	Tres bon restaurant, la bouffe est typiquement salvadorienne! Et ils servent des dejeuners incroyable toute la journee!
4	Great and friendly place for a taste of El Salvador in Montreal. It was our first time in a pupuseria and the staff was very helpfull explaining the menu to us. We opted for pupusas, tamal and yuca frita. Everything was made fresh in the small kitchen which you can see at the back. Though it doesn't look like much in your plate, it is very filling and good. The cheese is melting and the sauce delicious (watch for the spicy sauce which is very very -very- hot!). One of those places, you will want to go back to.
4	I haven't tried their famous pupusa, they seem really tasty and authentic, and it comes with curtido that are available in a huge jar at every table.Instead, I got to try their fried fish, and it was extremely tasty. An entire fish (not fish filets, mind you) that was perfectly fried: crunchy on the outside, and yet incredibly moist on the inside. I was amazed with the seasoning of the whole fish, all those Caribbean spices, outstanding.My plate was filled with fresh salads, fried rice, and also a thick, tasty handmade corn tortilla. The food quality and serving size were top notch.The wait was really, really long. I believe I waited 20 minutes for food while other customers were being served, perhaps the cooking time was that long.
