1	Went into the store to compare the prices of by design furniture on west flamingo . When I told the owners they wer 30 percent more than by design, they said don't let the door hit you on the way out, go buy your furniture there. the couple that owns the store has a very bad attitude.Buy your furniture anywhere but here.
1	This place is really underwhelming and really expensive. I came in here searching for some storage ottomans, and as I walked in I was attended to immediately and given a tour of all their storage ottomans.  None of them met what I was looking for, so I thanked the man who toured me to all of them, and as he walked me out (seriously, I was escorted out like a child), he made mention about a leather sectional.  $7K for a leather sectional that looks like it's from 1987? Yeah, no.
5	It's not easy finding the perfect couch but sometimes you get lucky.  I bought a giant couch from Furniture Market and I couldn't be happier.  Imelda was my salesperson and she was super helpful.The couch was delivered within 24 hours.  The price was great.  They provided a scotch guard treatment and warranty....Great products.  Great service.
5	OMG!!!!  My husband and I like modern furniture.  Every place we went to had the same traditional furniture that mostly was made out of particle board.  We wanted quality furniture that we would keep for a very long time.  When I walked into the Furniture Market I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  The furniture is well made and the style that we like.  Robert and Liz are the owners.  They are fantastic!  Robert is creative and very passionate about helping you create a living space that you like.  Liz had a good head on her shoulders and helps the creative process become a reality.  They both listened to what are needs were and allowed us to take our time so that we felt good about the direction were going.  So far we have bought furniture for the office and our son's room.  The movers delivered the furniture and put it all together.  They were so kind with our 3 yr old son who wanted to know about every piece being put the together and the tools that they were using.  Next on the list will be our Master Bedroom and the Family Room.  The only place we are going is to to Furniture Market.  Thanks so much!!!!!!
