5	The best Mexican food I've had since moving to Vegas 8 years ago. The prices are very reasonable. The food takes longer because it is made as you order instead of just being re-heated and scooped on to a plate like a lot of greasy taco shops. This is an instant favorite because this place cooks real Mexican food the right way and isn't afraid to serve spicy salsa.
5	I eat here at leasts once or twice a week.  I love the cheap soft tacos and the shrimp and octopus cocktail.  The chips are good and the salsa is spicy and delicious.  The staff is always polite and the service is great.  I've never had a bad meal here.
5	First time here food good service good the pork was awesome found a hidden gem must try
4	I was visiting in LV and saw the 5 star ratings here, so had to try it as it was close by.  It was very clean and a friendly staff.  I can't give it 5 stars tho'.... the food was pretty good, the salsa was great, and I will probably go back whenever I get back to LV.  I'd recommend it if you're in the area, but wouldn't make a trip across LV for it.
5	Best Lengua I have had since leaving Los Angeles.  Alway have great service.
3	I order a torta of carnitas and it was not what I expected. The tacos are good.
2	We were not impressed. Growing up in Cali did spoil us on good Mexican food. Tony's was just ok.
5	I love me some Tacos...  And as such, I'm always in search for real, authentic flavorful tacos...  I was waiting for my pets to come out of the vets office and decided to do a quick Yelp search for tacos nearby; this is how I found this place.The place had one customer, not that unusual since it was like 3 PM when I stopped by, but said customer seemed to be enjoying his food.The cashier/waitress was very nice and took my order promptly.  Not knowing how the food was, I decided to do a "sampler" plate, with Carne Asada, Pastor, Buche, Carnitas and Deshebrada, one taco each.When the plate arrived, the tacos were made with the small tortillas, but they were filled up very nicely...  I enjoyed all of the tacos while drinking an orange Jarritos soda.The food was so good that I had to order more tacos to go.I can definitely recommend this place to anyone and you won't regret it...
4	I had to come back the second time which was the next day. Nice and cheap and tasty too. If there's a crowd try it. This place is good. If you don't like it, My feelings wont be hurt.
5	I love this place! The beef tongue tacos and carne asada tacos are sooo good!! And so cheap!!
5	Great Food Great Service Always! There always there to see if your ok & they make feel at Home.....
5	Great service!   Best chips and salsa combo, salsa is perfect not to spicy..  I really like their carne asada wet burrito so GOOD!   The chimichanga is the best I've ever had!
4	They have really good food but their portions are small for a 10 dollar plate and waitresses don't check on tables unless is to pick up their hardly earned tips, they have good flan!
5	Love this place. Came in once just to check it out and now we are hooked. We are here at least once a month. My favorite dish is the chimichanga.
5	LOVE this place. Consistently good food, excellent service. We go here several times a month at least and have not been disappointed. Their salsa is good, not too spicy but not bland either. Favorite menu items include:ChimichangaTamalesChile Rellano BurritoVeggie BurritoAny of the above smother in the their green sauce.Carne asada tacos are delicious as well. Definitely a bit of a hole in the wall but if you like Mexican food you will not be disappointed. The prices are extremely reasonable as well.
5	Good prices! Authentic mexican food! We really like the salsa that we ordered some to go. The portions are also the right size.
1	Mexican restaurant? And charge extra $1.50 for the sour cream in the chilaquiles? Really? last visit for me
5	Went to this place on impulse after the dog park.  We didn't know what to expect but were pleasantly surprised.  We got our food to go and didn't have to wait long.  We got the enchiladas and a wet asada burrito.  Our food was delicious and correct so we will definitely be going back. Best Mexican food I've had in Vegas and not as Americanized like other spots.
4	Not a big fan of Mexican food- BUT my co-workers suggested that we eat at Tonys. Ordered the Carne asada plate! FANTASTIC! Service was great! Staff was pleasant. Restaurant was clean- service fast!  My friends had the taquitos and wet burrito.. also very tasty! Definitely recommend! Prices very reasonable too!!
4	The food here at Tony's is really good and the staff are always nice. The wait to get food takes awhile which is kind of surprising since Tony's isn't ever terribly busy. I've been going to Tony's for years and the food is consistently delicious.
1	The food  there is bland except for the salsa, to salty & very spicy.  I usually like the salsa from mexican restaurants but this was to much.  Husband & I had the shrimp cocktails, $12.50 Each! Sorry they were good but not that good. Had chicken burrito, and 3 soft mini tacos, 2 iced teas. We had No alchol. over $41! the service is good there,but  it is not a place to go if you are on a budget or have a family trying to save some money. We will stick with Roberto's.
4	I really liked this place. Before my visit, I was planning for this to be a replacement of the neighborhood Roberto's, but this place is definitely a step up. This is what we had;Chips and Salsa: I wasn't expecting them to serve complimentary chips and salsa, but they did. I think this is a very nice touch, which really distinguishes this place from Roberto's. The chips were made in house, and the salsa got spicy after you stopped eating. Make sure to have your drink topped off before you dive in.Combination (with beans and cheese) shredded beef chimichanga covered in hot sauce and cheese ($11): I like shredded beef over carne asada on my chimichangas because the beef is typically more tender which makes the burrito easier to eat. I loved how soft and melt-in-your mouth the beef in this burrito was. It also had beans in there, which I wasn't expecting but wasn't complaining about. The ONLY issues I had were that the size was pretty small, and the fried tortilla covering wasn't as crispy as other I've had. *The beans and rice were really awesome. The rice was light and fluffy, and the beans had really good flavor, but could have used a little topping of cheese.Carne Asada Quesadilla ($6): Larger than we expected, and there was no issue finding carne asada- it was STUFFED with meat. Jason said it was good.Carne Asada Tacos ($1.29 each): Jason was also impressed with these. He was expecting the tacos to come topped with the onion and cilantro it was pictured in the menu with, but it came out plain. The server was happy to bring out the toppings he requested though. I hate that I've been comparing this to Roberto's during the entire review, but it's the quality of food & service I was expecting. This was obviously not the case for several reasons:1. Service was good, and everyone spoke English. The last 2 times we went to R's Jason got a regular burrito (with guacamole, which he hates) instead of the breakfast burrito he ordered. Needless to say, I thought my chimichanga days were numbered.2. This is a place you'd actually want to sit down and eat.3. Servers were around to top off drinks, and get you everything you need to enjoy your meal.4. Chips are served when you dine in.5. Quality of food was definitely a step up. TRY IT!
4	Very good mexican food and a lot better than Robertos Taco shops.Hugh difference
4	Once again I'm writing as I eat..  Chips and salsa while waiting for my order, I added a side of guacamole and sour cream..Cops are good but the salsa, sour cream and guacamole are watery but decently flavored.  Hard shell shredded beef taco- needed work..the shell is bad and the meat was not shredded nearly enough  Wet Chili Colorado burrito is a treat...very good  Rice is very good  Beans are good  Service is goodAll in all, I like it and I well be back
4	Affordable and authentic--it's an A in my book! Recently moved here and I have only tried don Roberto's (yuck). Thankfully I tried this joint cause I'm sure gonna come back. Ordered to go my usual which I devoured cause it was tasty and juicy but I wish they would have given me some salsa and chips while I waited aprox. 15 min for my order..guess I've been spoiled with my other to go Mexican joints in Cali. Thus the -1 star!
5	Trying something new and couldn't believe how good the food and service is. Family oriented business and recommend this place to everyone. Definitely a must try.
5	Service is always great and I've never had a bad meal. If I'm there for breakfast I get the red chilaquiles and they're the best I've had in Vegas. Their salsa and horchata are really good too.
2	Worst customer service ever!! There's only 3 employees, it took almost 10 minutes to get our drinks and and another 10 minutes for the girl to come back to take our order. I'll never give this place my business.
1	This was the worse place to order burritos. The lady didn't even care and had no concerns. I can't believe this place has 4 STARZ!
2	First time there and from most yelp reviews figured give it a chance. Service was meh. They sat us down and brought small basket chips for 3 people. The salsa was very good chunky tomatoes onion cilantro.  Ordered wet style burritos. Ordered carne asada unfortunately it was 70% beans and rice, maybe 20% steak rest salsa onions.  The enchilada sauce comes red basic, green basic & red spicy all very watery. Asked extra chips they replied $1.25 each basket.  I was like really? Oh ok I replied.  Only to bring another basket with salsa cup in half of the basket! Really?  Your burritos are tiny and $2.29 for a soda? Sorry but you girls were ok servers, had to ask for refills of soda,  but extra for chips and meh food was hard to see $33 for crap had hard time adding $7 for the tip. I felt violated @$36 for 2 wet burritos 1 chicken enchilada combo 3 sodas.  Del taco about the same for half price.
2	The only reason why they get 2 stars from me is because the food was actually good... Prices was ok.. Didn't receive the chips and salsa that I've read about on here.. Wasn't approached by the cashier so we can order our take out for about 20 mins, even though she seen us standing there and smiled!! Once we finally ordered it took 45 minutes to get the food!! I had time to walk to food 4 less, get a few groceries, put those in the car, walk back to Tonys and I was still waiting!!! Once I got the food I went home and boy was I disappointed!!!! There was barely any food on my plate!!!! So.. I waited all that time for this small ass plate! I love mexican food and this by far is the smallest shit I ever seen!!! Once I ate it I was STILL hungry!!! I ended up eating cereal afterwards!!! To sum it up-- bad customer service, long wait (even though no one was in there), very small portion, no free chips and salsa.. Like I said the only thing saving this place in my eyes is that the food is actually good..
1	Really, no stars! I ordered a chimichanga for pick up close to closing. I mentioned I would like sour cream and guacamole as well. I expected a possible charge for sc and guacamole, then again I've other places that already provides it part of the meal. Anywho, I arrive to only having to wait 3-5 min. I lived 5 min. Away, not bad! When I received my meal to go, of course I checked  for the guacamole and sour cream to no avail. I politely inquired of absence of side condiments. This is where it gets interesting. I had already checked the receipt and it was charges for .99 twice ( guacamole and sc) the cashier stated it was inside of the chimi. So I did what anyone else who knows what to do in this situation unless you don't care or know how much you love guacamole and sc! After I cut into it and saw the very minimal amt. of condiments I was charged $2 for, I proceeded to ask for more and I would pay the difference of what they supposedly already given me ( so little, couldn't tell). Granted the prices of 4 oz. containers of guacamole and sc were $1.99 and $1.15 respectively. This is where drew the line... They said they couldn't/wouldn't do it and would have to charge me for the 2 condiments? After minutes of trying to explain the the logic of just giving me what THEY thought was fair amounts extra for what I was WILLING to pay the difference for ($1 for guacamole and $.15 for sour cream) the cashier and waitress both said no can do! Even after she/they went to the back, I guess to confirm, they came back with the same answer. So already knowing I just should've asked for a refund. I made it simple for them and suggested they just back what gave me or trash and make me a fresh 1 with the condiments on the side in its respectful sized containers. (At this point I was damn, I shouldn't let them make me another, for those who know about some food workers/ handlers who are asked to remake something...) plus, too much time had passed with all the back n forth rhetoric and food was getting cold. Well after they refused to make another, even after cashier consulted with someone on the phone about the situation for literally 5 min. Before I ultimately made the right decision and politely asked to don't worry any further and just refund my monies. All $8 and some change which she acted like she was ruluctant to do. After receiving my refund, I simply rode my motorcycle across the parking lot to EL POLLO LOCO. Damn I was wanting a chimi chimi... If you don't know, don't piss of a possible loyal customer (any for that matter!)
1	I used to come here often and was craving Mexican food and made a trip here instead of Robertos(what a mistake that was).  I got the chile relleno. It was the most disgusting relleno I've ever laid eyes on. It looked like it was made that morning or the day before and then popped in a microwave for 5 minutes. It felt like rubber, and the bottom of it was completely saturated in grease. I can't even put into words how disgusting this meal was. I called the waitress over and showed her, she apologized and acknowledged that it was gross and took it. A different waitress comes back with my food.. Long story short she said it was right and how it's supposed to be and that I'm wrong. And admitted they use a microwave. I don't know what happened to them but that was the worst customer service I've ever experienced. Can't figure out which was worse... the customer service or the overpriced crap microwaved food. Those girls you have in the front are ruining your business.
4	Here for the first time with co workers. Everyone loved what they ordered including taco and burrito lunch specials at 6.99.  The beans and rice were surprisingly good.  There were clear plates all around. Service was a little slow to start but after drinks came out, orders were taken quickly and brought out quickly.  The server was very polite. It was busy around lunch time like 12ish.  We're definitely going back.  Small note: $.50 service charge for card transactions under $10.
5	I enjoy going to tonys the food and service are great. You can't beat the prices and they serve beer :)
5	I eat here for breakfast regularly.  The place is small and homey and the service friendly.  The breakfast is wonderful!  There are other restaurants with the same name, I wonder if some of the bad reviews are actually not about the restaurant on Craig by Food 4 Less.
4	On the advice of Yelp we went here.It did not disappoint, everything was excellent.All three of us had something different. The chili verde, it was amazing, nice tinder and with just the right amount of heat! The portions were sizable!Tamales, wow, hand made greatness. I can't say anything bad about these other than the fact the spicy sauce wasn't ordered with them.The carne asada torta was also great! Nice tender beef, nice amount of avocado good bread and quite nice.
