5	Formerly the Dermatology, Vein, and Laser Institute, this cozy little office now falls under the umbrella of "West Dermatology". Well, even if the practice was gobbled up by a larger conglomerate, it hasn't lost any of its  charm. I've been going here for 10 solid years, getting this icky thing popped, that icky thing lasered off, and that lumpy bump cut out. Jason Arnett, a physician assistant, is hilarious and gets a great deal of sick pleasure out of aggressive pimple popping. Plus, he's never booked out for four months like your average M.D. (but just as experienced and knowledgeable). The office could, admittedly, use a face-lift, no pun intended. However, we don't go to the dermatologist for the scenery, do we? I would go see Jason if he practiced out of a cardboard box in the parking lot. And that's coming from me, who is exceedingly picky, and a physician myself. I would recommend this practice to anyone!
2	beware of the billing dept.  I currently have a $9,000 + mistake that I have to deal with which i'm sure will be a nightmare to resolve.Also appointments have been changed without notification.This is the Mesa office
5	I have been to see Dr Rosenberg twice now, and I'm looking forward to my next visit.  The office staff is very friendly and efficient.  The scheduling is easy and quick.  And most of all, Dr Rosenberg...what can I say?  He is a gem of a doctor.  He is one of those doctors who seems to appreciate his patients, and not just their pocketbooks or insurance payments.  I just get the impression that he enjoys people.As far as actually taking care of business, he's quick and painless and does a fantastic job of numbing you up and slicing off whatever ails ya.  He explains your options and is mindful about what it's going to cost you out of pocket, so he takes that into consideration when recommending treatment.I would never go to another dermatologist...I just wish he was a general practitioner so I could go to him for everything!
2	Front office staff was super nice. However when they called me to go back the lady had already walked off by the time I got to the door. I didn't know where she went, I had to ask someone what room I was going to.  Jason was how the dr was referred to. He was nice but that lady was in the room and never made eye contact. Just weird. When the dr left she didn't turn around to say goodbye. I asked if I was done and she said yep. Again not turning to look at me. I guess my biggest complaint was that lady, no idea who she is, but no customer service.
1	From start to finish I was not a fan of this office. The front desk staff was short when booking, and pretty rude when I walked in. I had a few questions on the forms and they were snippy, which comes off quite unprofessional. The doctor walked in and asked if I had been there before. Even before introducing himself and should have known I was a new patient if he had looked at my chart. They removed a few moles and the doctor told me the results would be in to me in a week. As soon as he left, the nurse asked to stay In the room as I changed to finish her notes (unprofessional again)Then told me the timeframe will really be 2-3 weeks, WAY longer than what the doctor said. I would not recommend this office. There are way to many other dermatologist that care about patients and treat them professionally.
4	I had my first appointment with Dr. Rosenberg.  It took forever to see him but it was worth the wait.  I found the staff professional and friendly and Dr. Rosenberg exceptional.  Asked questions, took his time explaining answers, and did not make me feel like he was in a hurry or the slightest bit annoyed at any of the questions.  He made me feel at ease and I felt a sincere concern on his part. The office is not like a cattle ranch hearding you in and out.  I would recommend him to others and look forward to future visits.    Elizabeth
