4	Comments of "Los" have been rampant throughout my school and I would always hear about their breakfast burritos, beverages, and tacos. At first, I was confused why there would be food at "Lowes," but when I realized the food came from a Mexican restaurant, I became curious. Obviously the food was good because many students were willing to ditch class to get their burrito fix for lunch, but I had to try it out for myself. I went with a few friends to survey the place out. The fast food restaurant was small, but it was perfect for our gathering. The convenience of the location on a main road and near a local shopping market gave the place many regular customers. When you walk in, the first thing that comes to view is the large painting of a cartoon Mexican man, which appeared to be the logo. The overall close quarters and decor added to the warm charm it exuded. The menu appealed to different people with different tastes, as there were vegetable, fish, chicken, and beef options. I decided to go with the "Carne Asada Burrito," which a friend had recommended to me earlier that day. The service was a little slow because of the lack of employees, but that could be disregarded because once I took a bite of the burrito, I was hooked. I had the opportunity to try it with a green sauce that the worker suggested and it enhanced the eating experience. Although Mexican food is not a favorite of mine, I was surprised at the fresh quality because it was a fast food restaurant; Los Favoritos even beat out Rubios', another premier Mexican restaurant. I hope to become a regular and next time, treat my family to the burritos. The price is not too costly and is a fantastic place to take your family, friends, etc. I can almost guarantee that the food will have you returning for more.
5	Best little mexican place in town - cheap prices, good size portions, very tasty.
4	Alright, So I do get the bean tostada. Its good. The red sauce IS warm, but it adds a nice flavor. On my first visit with my lovely wife, I tried to rolled tacos aka taquitos. They were a tad bit greasy and a little tough. We enjoy the place, just the right amount of food when you need something small!
4	Great little place, made even better by the recent addition of Lengua to the menu. The California style burritos are a staple (regular burritos with french fries) and all their portions are hefty. I particularly like the Carne Asada fries (fries smothered in carne asada, guac, cheese, and sour cream). Service is solid, but nothing to write home about. Food comes up quick, which is nice. Place is busy around lunch to late afternoon, but never packed to the point where you're waiting more than 10 minutes for your food. One of the best items on the menu is definitely their Chorizo Breakfast Burrito. I have at least one every week; big hefty burrito stuffed with egg, chorizo, and hash browns. A must-try!
3	The breakfast burritos are very good.  Everything else I've tried hasn't been as good as the Filoberto's on Arizona Ave and Ocotillo.
4	Excellent!  Inexpensive and hot fresh food. Worth the price by far.
4	I love this place!  The food is great for the money.  I usually get the Carne Asada chips, but they have a lot of items on their menu which are also equally as good.  Cheap, fast-served Mexican food that tastes good!  Portions are large and very filling!I guess another great plus, for me anyway, is that a semi truck can fit into the parking lot - I am a local truck driver and this place rocks!  There used to be a grocery store or something next to it, but has been closed down for a long time, the parking lot is great for large vehicles!
4	Decent breakfast burritos and surprisingly good rolled tacos.
3	Okay so this place is more like 3.5 stars. Maybe four, I may update later on. I think the food is somewhere on the border of mediocre and pretty good. I would go back, more than once, but mostly just because it is convenient. But I must say, the Shrimp Diablo great. Not only is it a pretty bad a** name for shrimp, but it is a great spicy flavor and they give you tortillas to make shrimp burritos I guess.
2	This place looked promising from the reviews. We got the carnitas tacos and they were terrible. The meat was cold, tough and chewy. The tortillas were soggy. We also got the carne asada borrito. It also was cold and the meat chewy and bland. The green and red salsa was runny and flavorless. I think I would rather eat at Taco Bell.
5	Love stopping in Los Favs. Their burritos are delicious, they're open late (a huge plus since I don't finish closing up our restaurant until late), the staff is super friendly, and they remember my order every time I stop in. Their kitchen is immaculately clean too!
4	Nice customer service and employees. A little dirty that's the only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars. Food and prices are great. Thank god its close to the house.
4	One of my favorite places to eat. They are open really late (and super early) and the food is always good. I highly recommend the breakfast burritos! Yum!
4	So happy to have a good taqueria near my house! Been here a couple times, I'm from northern California where California burritos are rare, so I was glad to see that on the menu. French fries were a little soggy though. Good prices and portions. Will definitely be coming here often.
5	This is the best place anywhere for breakfast burritos! & they are super cheap too! It's a win win!
4	Convenient & OK Mex
5	Great place. Not greasy like other Mexican fast food places. People are very friendly. I go there 2 times a week.
4	Always good food and service
2	Service was slow as heck. And trust me I've been to heck before. Took about 20 min after ordering to get food and all I ordered were two beef tacos. Food quality was sorta redeeming though. Also closed half the restaurant because they wanted to leave early so it was impossible to find seating.
2	Not very good.  Three of us ate here at dinner time. It was fast and inexpensive, but not very good.  I had a chicken taco plate and it was ok but made my stomach hurt later. The two with me both ordered cheese enchiladas and both were unhappy. They both complained that the enchiladas were cold in the middle. Not acceptable. Also, the salsa was right out of the fridge so it made the food even colder. I'm guessing that breakfast burrito everyone raves about must be the only really good thing on the menu. I'll never know. We won't be going back. I've decided I don't like eating my mexican food on styrofoam plates so will steer clear of these mediocre taco shops.
3	Price - 5 of 5, Ambience - 3 of 5, food 3 of 5. Not many Veg options
3	Food ok, service very slow. Cashier rude and acts like she doesn't like her job.  Los Favoritos is a good chain for Mexican food.  This branch needs some changes in personnel.  I would not return to this location!
2	Every time I eat here the food is bad... I keep trying other things because I love Mexican food and this is right by my house by the bean and cheese burritos taste awful, the breakfast burritos (my favorite breakfast food) tastes worse :( this will be the last time I ever waste my time or money here....
5	Los favs is always a good time. Short wait time, Love the California carne asada! The sauces are the highlight, between the green and red is a toss up. Good prices, will be back as soon as possible (:
5	Inexpensive delicious food. Can't beat los for mexican food
4	I generally go to Filibertos for a quick carne asada fix. Not that I believe that it is the only good place to go, there is a bit of tradition and a slight addiction dating back to my youth that brings me back to Filibertos. That said, I tried Los Favoritos on a recommendation from a friend that said that it was the new Filibertos.I thought it was good. It has a different taste, but it was still good. I think I prefer that tortillas at Filibertos, but the carne asada itself was a toss-up between the two. Having had fresh carne asada at Mexican picnics, I recognize that neither are true carne asada, but it serves it's purpose.I did appreciate the cleanliness of Los Favoritos over Filibertos. I don't think I have ever been to a Filibertos and not felt like there was probably a health code violation or two occurring. That won't stop me from eating there, but it always gets the voice in the back of my head talking.It is important for me to add here that I don't just simply order the carne asada burrito. I make it my own anywhere I order it. I like mine with the meat, cheese, beans, rice, and sour cream all wrapped up in the burrito. It's the only way to eat it if you ask me.
5	This place is amazing! There is no better taco or Burrito shop in the Valley!!! I eat here every we'll at least, and tell every friend I know to come here.  Everyone else says that Disobeyed is great, and all that, but the prices here, the quality of service, and the appeal of the food is unparalleled.  I just bought two bean and cheese burritos, deep fried, for under $6! that's the cost of one unfried at Fili's.  If you think you like Mexican food and you've never been here, you've never lived. stop in to one of their many locations today!
5	Forget the rest, they're busy for a reason, I just gotta learn to speak Spanish (they speak English, but it might seem more authentic if I can order in Spanish).
5	I go here all the time it is absolutly awsome! California burrito has to be the best thing on the menu.
5	My family visits this location too much I think. Last time we were in, the cashier remembered all of our orders. My brother's order is strange, so she always remembers that one - Bean and cheese w/ guacamole and potatoes. They are always friendly when we go and the price is great.
5	Best burrito shop in the area. Amazing breakfast burritos and an awesome shrimp burrito. I have yet to have something bad here ever.
5	One of the best breakfast burrito ever. Really good taco shop food. Everything is very good.
3	Decent place to get quick mexican food.Breakfast burritos are the best thing there. The rest is ok not bad but not that great either.Salsa are decent, no salsa bar.
5	I love this place I used to come about 2 to 3 times a week before I went on a juicing diet and the service is great they all knew my order and would start making it as soon as they saw me :)
1	We went here based on Yelp reviews...bad decision. The cashier was rude, food was bland, and found hair in TWO  of the four dishes we had ordered. Cost was $40 for two cheese enchiladas, two potato and egg burritos, one carne asada burrito, one side of beans, chips and four small sodas. When we ordered, we didn't realize they didn't provide chips- no biggie, just went back up to the register and ordered some. Then, when I asked for salsa, the cashier looks at me funny and says I have to order that separate from the chips. Really? After her attitude with the chip "situation", we didn't bother mentioning the hair in the food. Bottom line- don't waste your time or money here.
4	Ask for the SUPER burrito its about two feet long and will fill up two hero's for sure.
4	I don't know what the negative reviews are talking about.  We stopped in today and had enchiladas and burritos and they were good.  Both things and sodas were $12. You can't expect gourmet for that price.  For the price you pay, the quality is appropriate.  We enjoyed it and will go back next time eye in the mid for a fast, cheap meal.
4	Great place. I have truly enjoyed everything I've eaten here and have been back many times. The only thing I don't care for too much is the service sometimes but other than that the rest gets all the stars. Carne Asda burritos are awesome as well as the tacos and rolled tacos. Haven't had anything here I don't like yet and will go back.
4	I usually have a good experience at this Los Favs.  I generally order a shredded beef taco and a bean and cheese burrito.  The customer service is good.  I like to order it to go, and take home or take back to work and eat it.  It's not fancy, but I know what I like there and it's reliable.
4	Great food overall. I usually get the Sausage or Chorizo breakfast burrito which both are pretty good. However, I still love Filibertos burritos more because they are bigger and tastier. But if you're down in south chandler, this is the place to go.They are pretty quick here with making your food. Filibertos usually takes a while to make the food so this is where Los Faves shines.
