5	I just founded this Thai Basil by PV Mall Just Open 4 days and you need to try out !!! So good!!We love Pad Thai Yummy -
5	So happy to see Thai Basil open at PV Mall. We had dinner there last night and it was awesome!!!  The red curry is my favorite but everything was great, as was the service. I will be going there often.
5	I love Thai food.  This place has the best Pad Thai any where  near here.  My new favorit place for Thai in the north valley.   So happy they opened up here.
5	Despite it's location (attached to the mall), I'm going to highly recommend this it you like Thai. The other 3 reviews did not lead me wrong with the recommendation for the Pad Thai. It wasn't until I had devoured half the meal that I thought about taking a picture. The presentation was very neat and I really enjoyed the flavor of the crushed peanuts. I ordered it with a medium spice. At first bite I was worries I'd made a mistake, but as the temperature cooled, so did the spice. Do yourself a favor & check this place out :)
5	Great Thai food. Happy to have a good Thai restaurant around here. The chicken pad Thai & Yellow curry (hot) were perfect! The Thai ice tea was soothing. Service was good too. Yay for Thai food!!!!!
5	Excellent food and service here. Get the red thai curry, it was perfectly flavored with mild heat. Also good was the thai basil which we ordered with chicken. Good service as well. Will come here again!
5	Fresh and flavorful Thai cuisine is served at this establishment. My husband loves the Thai fried rice and I go back and forth between the Pad Thai and Drunken noodles. Service is always friendly and the food is always served nice and hot if it is a hot dish. Go for the medium spice and then ask for the out spice tray so that you can add more spice and flavor if you need it.
5	An excellent place to eat.  You must try this place. The food is fresh.  I like the spicy noodles with shrimp. Go with mild or medium spicy.
3	Very flavorful dishes. Lunch hour on Friday was very slow, so the service was remarkably fast and courteous! The pad Thai noodles had a slightly off odor and flavor... Everything else was great.Further thought, I had to drop a star due to the pad Thai noodles.
5	First time here. It's was great the spicy garlic noodles were amazing! Will for sure be back soon!
3	Ordered lunch special and the price was good-the drunken noodles were tasty and food came out fairly quick. Service was so so. I felt our waitress was overly busy and just couldn't keep up because of low staffing. Had to get entree before appetizer, had to wait 3 minutes after entree came out for cutlery, and had to adjust check after being overcharged about $5. I might go back if I'm nearby and feel like Thai, but only if they aren't busy.
2	From the previous reviews I was expecting alot from this restaurant. Honestly wanted to like this place but did not live up to expectations. Ordered the Coconut Shrimp,  Drunken Noodles,  Chicken Curry and Thai Basil Fried Rice.The Coconut Shrimp was pretty good, the Drunken Noodles were good but did not leave an impression. The Chicken Curry was tasty. We ordered the yellow curry but the base was a little on the watery thin side. I prefer it to be a little bit more thick. The fried rice was just average. The service was good and fast.As we finished,  they brought take out containers and as I poured the curry base into the plastic container there was a hole in the bottom and began to leak out. Half of the liquid base poured down the table onto the floor.One of the workers was real concerned and the other asked how was the food.Was not overall taken by this place and not to certain to return.
1	I have never written a review before but felt so strongly about our recent visit here that i found it necessary to download the app just for this review. The service was awful. No one seated us. There was only one server for the restaurant and he wasn't able to handle it even though there were only 3 tables at any given time. He was unfocused and needed us to repeat ourselves several times. He never checked in on us or refilled our waters. They also neglected to clear any tables after people left, leaving loads of dirty plates and trash sitting there for the duration of our meal.We loved the potstickers and dipping sauce but other food was awful. I ordered the grilled seafood (an $18 entree). The calamari was inedible, the fish, mussels, and shrimp were way overcooked. The "salad" was large torn pieces of unwashed romaine without dressing. My husband ordered curry noodles that he described as "disgusting". The curry was watery and the chicken seemed to be haphazardly cooked. This dish had the appropriate spice but was swimming in coconut milk and lacked the actual curry spice.Needless to say, we won't be returning.
1	To say I had an incrediblyFrustrating and drawn out ordeal with this location would be an understatement. Let me preface with the fact that I'm a huge fan of the other thai basil locations and will continue to frequent the other locations. I will never go back to this location despite how close it is to me and how excited I was that it opened.I ordered pick up to take to my girlfriend as a nice gesture to save her from cooking dinner. When I got to her house and opened our order (chicken pad Thai and beef green curry- our go to every time at every location) and there was one piece of meat in the curry. One whole piece. There were zero pieces of chicken in the pad Thai. I figured I must have picked up the wrong food so I called them back. The managerTo say I have had an incrediblyFrustrating ordeal with this location would be a severe understatement. Let me preface with the fact that I'm huge fan of thai basil and will continue to frequent the other locations. I will never go back to this location. I order pick up everytime and the first two times everything was fine. The third time, I ordered pick to take to my girlfriend as a nice gesture to save her from cooking dinner. When I got to her house and opened our order (chicken pad Thai and beef green curry) and there was one piece of meat in the curry. One whole piece. There were zero pieces of chicken in the pad Thai. I figured I must have picked up the wrong food so I called them back. The manager apologized and said next meal would be comped since I didn't have time to go back and have them  apologized and said the next full order would be comped since I didn't have time to go back and have them remake it. Reasonable solution in my opinion and I was happy again.  I asked the manager to please make sure her team knew about our meal and she assured me I wouldn't have any issues redeeming my meals when I called back.Two weeks later, I decided to take thai basil up on the standing offer. Except no one knew what I was talking about when I called in. The man I spoke with said he'd have to call the manager to check and would call me back. No call after an hour so I called again. He said she remembered only one of our entrees having a mistake. I was frustrated and gave him my contact info to have the manager call me directly.She never called me back so I called again a few days later and I had got the same "I have to check with the manager" from a girl this time, followed by no phone call, so I called back again 30 minutes later. Same story about one meal so again I gave this girl  my contact info and let her know I expected a call back this time. Again, no call.My ask was very reasonable- a simple call back so we could have a conversation about this specific incidence and the manager either felt it was unnecessary or the staff did not inform her. Either way the service is inexcusable and for a new location that is constantly empty, this is not the way to win over repeat customers.
