4	Both the regular restaurant and the sushi bar are above average.  Casual atmosphere, central location make this a great place for dinner before going out later in the evening.  Have enjoyed the crab, lobster, steamers, mahi mahi and sushi there.
4	One of my all time favorite seafood restaurants in the Valley. The selection is large and always fresh, thanks to the company's fleet of fishing ships and expedited shipping. The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a high-end restaurant, as well. Pricey, but well worth it.
3	3.5 stars... It feels too much like a chain to be 4 stars, but it's consistently good and conveniently located.  I've had sushi at 'The Fish Market' on numerous occasions and ordered from the regular menu just once or twice.  However, I will continue to go back as it's like an old standby.I've never had to wait to sit down at The Fish Market.  The service can be slow sometimes, but it's worth the wait!  I like how the menu changes daily (see the date at the top left corner each day) and the fish tastes fresh.  I recommend the sunomono salad and the octopus salad... and you can never go wrong with edamame.  If you're a scallop fan, get at least one scallop hand roll.  They don't skimp on the scallops here; I'm always pleased with portion sizes.  I recently sat in the room to the side of the bar and had dinner with a friend.  We sat by the fireplace and when we inquired about it, they made a fire for us... it added to the atmosphere that one may normally say is lacking.  Service was decent although I had to wait for water refills a few times.  If you're in the mood for sushi or seafood and not necessarily wanting a scene or really cool atmosphere, this is a good, quality old standby that you can't go wrong with... it's moderately priced and pretty consistent - hence 3.5 stars.
4	Did my friend Gabi.K beat me to the punch? I think so.. But I'll have to agree with her review in that it does feel like you're at a chain restaurant until you take your first bite. The more I eat at the Fish Market the more I appreciate it's quality sushi. Like Gabi said, the food is always consistent and there's never a wait. The fireplace was a nice touch especially since it seemed a little chilly where we were sitting. We shared the sunonomo and the octopus salad both were phenomenal! My absolute fave is the scallop hand roll. They are overflowing with fish and a word of advice, ask for less rice. ;)I'm sure the raw bar and other traditional fish dishes on the menu are equally as good I definitely recommend it!
4	Best sushi I've ever had in town, hands down. Zen 32, Ra, and all those other places do not even compare. There is never a wait at the sushi bar and the service is awesome. Same servers/chefs have been there forever and give the place a great vibe. They also have a great happy hour. I recommend the Senorita Roll, it's half off! Have only dined in the "restaurant" once, and it was so long ago I don't quite remember. Stick with the sushi.
3	I have only been here once, but the food was really good. The fish tasted fresh, was well prepared and the portions were large and the service was good. The place is big, decorated with lots of sea-faring items, as you would expect, with sort of a rustic feel. The menu has a lot of options, something for everyone, lots of fish and other seafood.If you like seafood, give it a try.
5	Not only was the food exceptional in every way imaginable, the service at this location and this evening was perfect (No! Better than perfect!).  The setting was as expected, cockles and netting with pictures of fish everywhere, but the best part for me tonight was the service to match the quality of the meal.  The  waiter was timely, Intuitive about me and my friend's needs to be left to converse freely!  WoW!  The more I think about it, the more I want to introduce people to this restaurant for that personal touch alone.I recommend The Fish market here for all of the above.  If you have any regrets at all, it will be that you had to leave...but believe me, you will leave with a wholesome feeling of content and peace, having paid for a decent and equitable meal, coupled with service and a sense of sincerity from your server.---(Or did I get lucky?...."NOT!"), it was genuinely terrific all the way around.
3	Perhaps I went on an off day at the sushi bar.  Had to take a business trip to Phoenix.  And before i went i checked for reviews on yelp for a good sushi place. I am not a sushi snob.  i really am not.   I was a bit hesitant to have sushi in what looks like a fish and chips place.  but the reviews for Fish Market were fairly positive, and it was close to my hotel.  So i went with a few friends and ordered several types of maki.  i must say--not great.  flavor wasnt' that good.  rice was soggy.  too much rice per fish ratio (i mean--come on, this is not an all-you-can-eat buffet...no need to stuff your customers with rice).  I should have known when none of the sushi chefs were Asian. i even ordered the fish and chips.  and even THAT wasn't great.  Clam chowder?  lackluster.  definitely nothing like what you'd get in Boston.  I just realized how negative this sounds.  Ok, positives--good location, great service, fun decor, relaxed atmosphere.  Overall?  3 stars would be generous.  Won't go back.
4	When I go out for seafood, this is where I go.  Fresh fish flown in daily.  Best place for sushi, as well.  I compare every other fish/sushi restaurant to this one, and have rarely found one better.
4	The Fish Market is a strange place. It's not super high end, but not cheap. It's not elegant, but it isn't tacky. The food isn't amazing, but it tastes very good.  But for some reason this is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It's just very satisfying. Maybe these are some of the reasons I like it so much:- Impeccable service. Friendly, knowledgeable, timely, helpful- Great sushi. I'm picky and everything was fresh.- Wide selection of fresh fish. Lots of options and all the fishes I like. Yes, fishes.- Immediate drink refills. YES.- Happy hour prices are good. Not great, but good.- Clean bathroomsI will be back, Fish Market.
5	The Fish Market has been here awhile, and it is still going strong.For the price this is one of the finest seafood restaurants in the city. I adore their clam chowder (white), and just about everything else on the menu. That have a fantastic fish selection with several fresh catches to choose from. The scallops are wonderful, and the shrimp is sooooo fresh.The staff is super friendly. The manager let my daughters pet the lobsters (in fact, he invited them to do so).Two thumbs up!
2	Fish was good, atmosphere stunk, service was incredibly slow, and it seemed like a cross between red lobster and chilis.Although my food was good it took about 15 minutes to order my appetizers while eating at the bar which was almost empty.  Then he completely forgot to let me order an entree.  Meanwhile it took 45 minutes to get my appetizer.  The entree came pretty promptly thereafter though.  Overall it is good fish and it is very cheap but not sure it is worth it.
2	Shocked! I can't believe the number of people that voted so high on this  Sea food restaurant.  The sea food is fresh, but I'm not impressed by the presentation or culinary creativity of the restaurant.  I thought I would never go here again, but after reading the yelp votes I will make a point to visit the Fish Market Restaurant again.
3	I've eaten here many times.  However, I haven't been here for a while.  The food has always been good.  So has the service.  I just knocked off a star because it's been a while since I've been there -- too many restaurants; not enough money!I gotta go back.
4	HUGE selection!  Went with my lil sis last night.  She had oysters for an appetizer, I had the crab/shrimp combo cocktail.  Delish!  The oysters were perfectly briny.I was SO thankful they had an extensive grilled menu!  The mahi mahi had just the right spice to it.  The steamed veggie side was big enough to be satisfying.  Our waitress was right on the ball for refills on our drinks, too.  Super friendly with great recommendations.  They print up the menu everyday.  I'm not sure how I feel about this.  I know they have different fresh things everyday, but it seems like a waste of paper to me.  Blame my hippie mom.
4	This place definitely has some downsides (food that isn't exactly innovative, less-than-inspiring atmosphere), but it definitely has a lot of good things going for it too. The service is attentive, the grilled fish is fresh and very flavorful, the oysters are awesome (and we all know good oysters are hard to come by in the desert) and only cost $.95 during seafood happy hour (weeknights and weekend days), and the prices are very reasonable given the quality of the fish. My sister and went here for lunch this past weekend. I had four Miyagi oysters (which, again, were only $.95 because it was noon on Saturday) that were perfectly briny and super-fresh. She had the side salad, which she said was good, although the house dressing had a bit of a funky taste. We both had the rainbow trout and the basil cherry tomatoes and rice for side dishes. The fish itself was so flavorful and not too greasy, although she did report that her portion had a lot of really small bones, and the rice side dish was good. I would recommend avoiding the basil tomatoes, though - even though the tomatoes themselves were fresh, they were absolutely covered in black pepper, which made them inedible. Our server was nice and kept the drink refills coming. For $40 including tip, we had two appetizers, two entrees, and a soda and left very satisfied. If you are looking for innovation or trendy atmosphere, you probably want to go elsewhere, but if you want good-quality seafood and reasonable prices, you will really enjoy the Fish Market.
3	Fresh fish in Phoenix.Say that 5 times fast. Maybe it'll come true. Or maybe, just maybe, you'll find yourself at The Fish Market. For lunch, I had their smoked salmon and tuna. I also ordered the artichoke heart. Mmm. I was anticipating something mouth-watering - a lunch meal I had to rave about later. What I got was pretty okay. The fish was cut up into chunks (yes, chunks) and the artichoke was pretty bland, despite how super yummy one can be, if prepared right. Price was reasonable. $5 for the 'choke; $8.50 for the salmon/tuna order, that came with some interesting sides: tasty pesto, crunchy crouton bread-thingys and this white stuff i had no idea what it was (no, it wasn't tarter; i tried it).The menu is large. It's hard to decide. Crab. Oysters. Fish tacos. Smoked Salmon. Shrimp Salads. Oh my.The service was decent - the type you appreciate at the time but can't really remember a day or two later. We got warm, fresh bread brought to our table, too, and plenty of drink re-fills. Overall, a good lunch. If I ever went again, I'd order something else. Too bad Phoenix lacks fresh fish options. Because, if this is as good as it gets, I better pack my bags tonight and hit the road for Seattle.
2	Perhaps I'm in the minority here, but I did not think the Fish Market was anything special at all. Sure, the seafood is fresh and there is a large selection. But fresh and selection only gets you so far. The menu lacks any innovation on behalf of the chefs, and the entire interior (and exterior) are just...blah! Lackluster, boring, unimpressive, less than inspired, and fishy smelling. I know, it's the fish market. And I'm a huge seafood fan. But, still, a little more effort in apperance and ambiance would go a long way. The food was ok. Oysters as an appetizer were filling and rich. My salmon was a little overcooked, and while it ended up tasting ok, the presentation was less than appetizing. I will say the portions are huge and along with the sides, I was full with less than half my entree. For dessert, our creme brulee was way over-burnt on the top. I thought service was slow and unattentive aside from drink refills. I guess if you're looking for a simple fish on a dish, this is a place for you...but anything more, then look elsewhere.
4	Haven't been back for many months (perhaps a year or more!), and I don't know why.  Oh yes, now I remember... so many restaurants, so little time!Happy hour apps specials are great!  Most are under $5, and many are quite good.  Our favorites rolls are the spicy scallop and the spider (deep-fried soft-shelled crab!!).  It's been so long since my last visit that I cannot recall more HH faves, so I am definitely going to return in the very near future.We've only eaten dinner here once, and we decided to split the cioppino.  And were we glad that we did- the soup entree was very large!  We enjoyed the bread served, and it was a nice complement to the cioppino... we enjoyed dipping it into the broth to enjoy every last drop!  Oh yeah, time to pay The Fish Market a visit for happy hour.
2	What a disappointment! This restaurant is seriously over-rated. We recently took some out-of-town guests here for dinner and was very embarrassed. The fish was below average quality and the preparation well-presented but not as described,had no seasoning at all, and small portions.The wait person was on top of things and the food was served very quickly - but then again, on a Saturday night we were one of 15 tables in the whole place. Over-priced, nothing to write home about - will not return.
3	My biggest disappointment lie in the price-to-plate conversion. For what I paid ($40) I didn't get nearly the same quality fish as I've had at other restaurants in the Phoenix area...Nor the same quality of sides.We ordered the blackened catfish with veggies and au gratin potatoes. The presentation was yuck, something like an average chain restaurant. The veggies were in small proportion as were the potatoes that were alright, nothing special.We also got the fish-and-chips combo, which was the better of the two dishes.  Although it only came with 2 pieces prawns, 2 pieces scallops, and one lump of cod, it seemed to fill me up (could have been all of the delicious bread I ate before the meal!!!).  The fries were good, but the coleslaw was disgusting (too many green onions).It was way too bright and there and our waiter seated us at a table with a bright light. We asked to move and were taken into a dimly lit area "downstairs" which was much more romantic and less family-chaotic (I'm sorry, I don't want to watch your baby chew and spit up mac and cheese while I'm eating).A for the great service we received, although our waiter seemed a little overwhelmed at some times (had too many tables?)...
2	Terrible happy hour sushi menu!Ate here on the 20th after a long bout (at least a year?).  The same two chefs, Julio and Roberto, were still there, as well as Leo, the manager.  I re-informed them about my allergies and placed my order: spicy tuna ($4.50), spicy salmon ($4.50), and a soft-shelled crab roll ($7.95).  Julio prepared the first two, while Roberto prepared the crab.  I was fortunate enough to ask Roberto what he was going to substitute the * w/.  He said he could use radishes and yamagobo (pickled burdock; looks like julienned carrots).  Had I not said anything, I may have been disappointed w/ the crab roll as I was w/ the other two rolls... The tuna and salmon were pretty much just rice and the mashed fish filling.  I ate a few pcs. of each dish and gave up.  (Hey, I was hungry!!)  Had leftovers packed, then decided I'd say something to Leo, who was kind enough to comp. one of the entrees.  Fair enough, since I ate the equivalent of one.  Should I return again for happy hour, I'll probably just stick to two rolls- the dependable soft-shelled crab roll, w/c is wrapped in nori, then rice, and then w/ omelet, thin-sliced.  Yum!  Since I didn't enjoy the other two sushi rolls, I replaced them w/ a rainbow roll ($8.95), w/c originally consists of salmon, yellowtail, tuna, and shrimp, w/ avocado and cucumber.  Mine came w/o certain items, but still was pretty tasty, and definitely more colorful, and more texturally-satiating than the mashed disasters that were the salmon and tuna sushi.Probably won't be returning anytime soon for happy hour.  Certainly not since I've found a new place for happy hour sushi... Tempe's Sushi 101!
3	The fish market is a casual, neighborhood, seafood restaurant. You shouldn't be coming here with expectations that this is a high end frou frou seafood spot.They have a Sushi counter, Oyster bar, fresh market, bar, and restaurant all in one. I'd say they have all the angles covered. The fish has always been good, but never phenomonal. I like their cashew crusted rainbow trout, as well as their cheesy bread. The happy hour specials are nice and feature half off plenty of rolls and beers. The service is always on par with what you would expect from a chain like this. It is sometimes slow if the server gets caught up in conversation with another employee, and sometimes they will forget about you. Thats just part of the game.
4	Fish Market gets a solid four stars from me. I hadn't been to Fish Market in four years until I went twice in the last 2 weeks. It's my friend's favorite, but he's a big fan of their sushi happy hour, of which I was skeptical. Both times (on a Friday and a Saturday) this place was hopping.A couple of weeks ago, the host had flubbed our reservation, but was super apologetic and hooked up some free appetizers, when there was really no need.  The crab and bay shrimp cocktail was just alright, but the ginger lime prawns with cilantro sauce was savory and stellar in its own right -- they should make that an entree.   Last but not least were the calamari fritte, which my friend remarked was the best in town.  You be the judge though. For dinner I ordered the misoyaki glazed scottish atlantic salmon with grilled veggies.  For what I thought was a small portion the taste of the fish made me forget about portion size, and who am I kidding? - I was stuffed on appetizers!Last Friday I had the happy hour sushi and was impressed, especially with the Senorita roll. This $18 roll is pricey but at it's $9 happy hour price is well worth it. The crab roll covered in tuna sits in a sweet eel sauce and garnished with sriracha sauce on top. It's a heavenly mixture of spicy/sweet, east meets west. Their $4 house chardonnay is a great value as well. The setting of the happy hour bar and the mixing and mingling of patrons makes it obvious that this is a regulars sort of place.Criticisms?  Very little, except to say don't go expecting to be wowed with ambiance.  The look is nautical and fish markety - hence the name. Dur. I love the fact that they actually sell fish, but on second thought, who the hell buys any at $19/pound?  And for those who are sketched out on the idea of seafood in Phoenix -- they fly it in from the coast fresh daily. But PLEASE FISH MARKET, please do something about the ghastly lighting... is it really necessary to have it so bright in there?!  Is this a seafood restaurant done classroom style?
3	Came here for Valentine's Day and this place was packed. My boyfriend is such a sweetheart because I love seafood and he doesn't. We didn't have reservations so we put our name down and sat at the bar to enjoy their happy hour specials. I ordered 2 oysters, the ginger lime shrimp and a glass of their HH Chardonnay. I was pleasantly surprised with their Chardonnay. It was pretty good. Because they were busy and backed up our server, who was also cooking at the bar grill, gave me an extra oyster. Yay! They were large and yummy. But the best appetizer was the ginger lime prawns. They were so good and although I am not a fan of coleslaw I ate every bit of the coleslaw that came with it. I agree with the other reviews that some parts of this restaurant are just really really bright. Not wanting to chance getting stuck under the heat lamps we found some cozy seats in the bar area and decided to eat there instead. I ordered the special that night, which was a Caesar salad, half a lobster and prawns with 2 sides and 3 chocolate strawberries for dessert. I think it was just over $31 for that special. It was pretty good. I tend to like my lobster steamed and not grilled, but it wasn't bad. Our waitress was very attentive throughout the night and it was a nice touch that they gave all the ladies there a single rose before you left.
4	This place is all about the seafood.  Don't roll up to the Fish Market expecting a cool place to hang or a hip crowd.  No problem on the crowd...lots of folks in a pretty basic seafood restaurant, chowing on the best seafood I've had in the valley so far.  The hip is not here.  Not until I showed up with my wife Audrey W to meet Kevin H and Marian H.  You could actually see the coolness spread around the restaurant when we walked in...a subtle ripple, sort of like a gentle wave at a spring training game.So I arrived in Phoenix from Boston and have high standards for seafood.  I had been craving fish & chips for awhile and decided to give Fish Market a try.  I got a combo-fish, scallops and prawns.  The batter was light and not very oily...+1.  The prawns were very tender and done to perfection..+1.  The scallops were tender, sweet and juicy...+1.  The fish was done just right as well although it was not the haddock or even cod I am accustomed to in Boston.Everyone else was pleased with their food as well.  I will be trying other seafood places in the valley but I'll keep Fish Market in mind as a standby.
2	We had attended the Fish Market last night, as a party of 10. The atmosphere is like any other seafood restaurant with a mixed crowd. We had planned on going for the Sushi happy hour, since it was the only restaurant that would hold a reservation for a large group. We were informed at the end of the visit that sushi happy hour is only in the bar, even though we had clearly stated we were there for it and ended up paying full price for sushi. That was the least of our problems.We arrive for our reservation on time, and were seating promptly. Our waiter was kind and personable. Service was horrendous and completely changed my attitude about the experience. We didn't receive much attention, drinks were left empty and we were left waiting for long periods of time, with no communication with the server. We didn't get our food ordered until an hour after being seated. A few people at the table had ordered from the regular menu, while the rest of us ordered sushi. The regular food came out to the table and it was luke warm, bland, and nothing we had expected. The presentation was poor, and looked very unappetizing. The chicken was overcooked, served with bland rice and potatoes. The normal food was delivered long before our sushi, which left half the party done while the rest of us were still waiting for our food. We waited a good hour to hour and a half for food. When the sushi arrived at the table it was warm, and not rolled very well. We were misquoted on the price of drinks, which led to a discussion with management who were kind enough to adjust the bill. After spending a total of 3 1/2 hours at the restaurant, we all concluded that we would never return. It wasn't worth the money, nor our time.
3	Decent sushi, great oysters (especially the current 95 cent each happy hour price), OK wine selection, and tops for convenience. Running errands in t-shirt, jeans and Birkies and have a hankering for sushi or oysters? The hubby and I did today and stopped in Fish Market. We usually sit at the oyster or sushi bars because we find seldom order the full meals. Today will ate our fill of both sushi and oysters, and everything was fresh and enjoyable. Nothing to make me say 'wow", but good. My other favorites are the Duckets Bucket (clams & mussels) and the spinach salad. I don't consider Fish Market a destination place, but when a casual, convenient, decent lunch of dinner is needed, they always come through.
1	This place was recommended by a soon to be non-friend. Portions were small, prices were big, taste was average, server was uninterested borderline annoyed, nothing to write home about. I won't be back. Nuf said!
4	My most familiar place for seafood in the valley. (I am still expanding my base). I have enjoyed each visit to the Fish Market. I enjoy the casual atmosphere and the friendly accommodating service. The sushi is basic but fresh as is the selection of sashimi. The fresh oysters are the best, and I can never pass up an oyster shooter, lol. You can make a meal out of their Baked Oysters Rockefeller which are one of my favorite items on the menu.  The cioppino is great but you must have patience and napkins to work the crab and shellfish out of their shells.  Their linguini with clams and any sauce is the best (again patience and napkins for removing clams from their shells).  Their chowders and smoked fish options are great.  I also enjoy watching as they prepare any item that is being grilled over mesqite coals.  I have yet to be dissapointed, whether seated in the dining room or choosing to eat at the bar.
4	I really enjoy a trip to the fish market every once in a while. I'm surprised it doesn't have more average stars, but I thought about it and here is why it gets the ratings it does. It's a great place for happy hour sushi which happens to be every day of the week from five to seven and even til close on Mondays. The fish is extremely fresh(it's flown in fresh twice daily so it better be) and it is very tasty. I once had a very rare tuna steak for dinner and even though I realized it wasn't for me I could still appreciate it's freshness and taste. The only thing I would rate lower is the price since it can be quite expensive when paying full price.  The location is great and the staff have always been attentive and friendly. I enjoy the fish market for a weekday or weekend happy hour sushi night and especially on a monday.
2	FYI this place is closed..it's now Bluewater Grille. But looks like the exact same place pretty much..add a couple booths and take out a wall. Decided to try the 5 entree choices for $5 deal that they had going. The Sourdough bread is AMAZING!!! My friend and I tried the Fish & Chips.. It was good no doubt, and many will enjoy. But it just wasn't unique enough or amazing for me. There are too many restaurants in Az that DO fit that bill.. to return to "decent". The fish is good, it's fresh but it's just that.
