4	The TeePee is good, greasy, satisfying mexican food.  The place is small, the booths are uncomfortable, and the wait can be long, but it is worth it.  my favorite is the lunch special, chicken burro with green or red sauce, rice and beans.  they also recently started serving vegetarian beans for all of you veggies out there.
4	Not a bad place to to eat some mexican in the valley... this place it not super nice but the food is good... if you do to this location you will see alot signed pictures of all the people that have been there...  it is pretty cool...  If you go check out the chile reanllo... it is the craziest presentaion i have ever seen at a mexican place... it is also not too bad... i would go back... the only problem is that there can be a pretty long wait for a table... but i would say it is worth it... the chips are also real good!
3	I'm not crazy about Tee Pee. My parents, however, are. As are, it turns out, most Baby Boomers that grew up in Phoenix. Once you walk inside, the photos on the wall of famous patrons over the years gives you a snapshot of their (self) important place in Arizona history. Tee Pee was one of the first places to popularize Mexican food for gringos, from what I gather. Non-mexican families began going out to eat here regularly and Mexican cuisine became part of the Arizonan identity. Unfortunately, I don't feel like their food holds up in comparison anymore. The authenticity has faded and given way to a new generation of Az-Mex, one that I prefer, if for even reasons of circumstance. I recommend it for out-of-towners almost as a historical stop but not too much for the food. It certainly isn't bad, if you aren't expecting greatness, but the food won't be what you walk away remembering when you leave.
3	Habitat of the rare Phoenix native...  and actually pretty good.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered some sort of veggie burrito.  It was stuffed with fresh grilled veggies.  Very tasty.  If you are in search of local flavor, give it a try.  It's hopping in the evening.  Good people watching.
4	if you are from phx you know about this place. when it is 120 out side it is 65 inside. nobody ever leaves. "hotel california" cold beer good food. eat the relleno drink the beer and chill
1	I hate this place. It's just completely crappy Mexican food and everything I despise about the preponderance of people who honestly think they know how to run a restaurant and make authentic cuisine. It's uninspired, bland, and perfect for anyone from out of town who thinks Taco Bell is indigenous. Please. Go elsewhere. It's also dingy, the waitstaff is bored, and the margaritas are weak.
2	I will give TeePee a couple of stars for having lardless beans and for the weird old-school style of the place (it is a serious throw back to a time that no longer exists), BUT i ordered (in my pre-vegan era) the "famous" chiles rellenos and what i got made me want to gag...what they have created is a green chile, flattened, and then covered in some terrible meringue! how in the hell is that a chile relleno?!? "Relleno" means "Stuffed" in Spanish, not topped with French meringue!!http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chile_rellenothen they put some shredded iceberg on top and give you a side of some sort of mysterious red "sauce" that you are supposed to use as a topping. I am a native Tucsonan who has been eating Texan, Arizonan, New Mexican, Californian and Sonoran Mexican chiles rellenos my entire life and can honestly say these are the worst I've ever had. this is what Chiles Rellenos normally look like:http://www.roadfood.com/photos/7510.jpgthis is what you get at TeePee:http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1116/862689844_54188a24a1.jpg?v=0trust me on this one. don't go here for the food. go here to smoke cigarettes, wear copper and purple colored clothing, and drive home in a much much too big car.I think i ate a Cliff Bar instead.
4	This is probably my favorite Valley destination for standard Mexican food. As soon as you walk in, you can tell it's steeped in Valley tradition...If you come by when it's not busy, you can sit at "The President's Table" which is the table at which President Bush sat when he dined there with Jerry Coangelo, Bob Brenly and Artie Moreno.If that's taken, ask for "The Mayor's Table", where The Morning Mayor Dave Pratt is known to sit when he visits.Now I'm no fundamentalist, but I still can't deny that "The Presidential Special" (two enchiladas, rice and beans) is probably the best traditional Mexican dish I've ever had in Arizona. Somewhat surprisingly, the shrimp taco is also REALLY good. If you stop by, make sure you ask for their very friendly owner, Zippy. Ask him to tell you about some celebrity who's come by in the past. His stories alone will make your evening.
2	The food sorta tasted okay, but it was made from horrible crappy ingredients. I couldn't finish because the cheese they used made me nauseous after a few bites. I just couldn't chew it anymore while thinking about what it was going to do to my insides. I felt like if I stuck some on my arm, it would be absorbed by my skin and instantly turned into fat and an artery clog. Let me back up though - the parking lot is a crowded mess where you can pretty much assume your car is going to get dented by another car door. How about some wider spaces and one person has to park on the street? After that, you walk into a dark dungeon where a 9 month pregnant girl directs you through some sort of dark bar into some hideously decorated brighter room with booths stolen from an IHOP that burned down in the 80s. The table and seats were filthy and greasy and if someone sits behind you, you share opposite sides of a seatback - which is a little too intimate for me... The margaritas are small and not very powerful or particularly tasty or memorable. The food in general was pretty greasy. The chips and salsa were average. The prices were pretty steep considering what you're getting. The service was decent I suppose, but I felt like I was being served by scary grade school lunch ladies. I won't be going back any time soon. I left more on my plate than I ate... I also left wanting to puke up what I did consume and start lunch over somewhere good. This food would've been appreciated a little more if the cost was about 1/3 of what it was. It still wouldn't have been good though.This place seemed pretty authentic to me - it's not like authentic = good... Real Mexican food is shitty - cheap ingredients and too much grease and fat. It's an authentic shitty Mexican food restaurant. Go eat somewhere else.
3	Dude, the weirdest chile rellenos I have ever seen.  A bed of chile's topped with a meringue and green sauce, WTF?  I am glad that I ordered a burrito and enchilada myself, both of which we good.  I made the burrito the shredded beef, it was good, but not worth the up charge, or special attention that it was to garner.Margaritas are rather weak.We were in the area, and I am glad that we stopped in once, my dad has been hearing about this place for sometime, but it was a nice one stop place, and no where near a regular place, or even special occasion joint.  Los Dos Molinos is far superior, and further away than this little place.The restrooms are cramped little private rooms that are very clean and stocked and have a some character to them.  3.75 Flushes.
2	The TeePee is a mystery, Of what you ask? The mystery is, Why do people still come here?The food is average, the margaritas are average, the service is average. The only thing I can say they excel at is the noise level.There are a hell of a lot better places to get Mexican in Phoenix. I will forgive you if you chose this place over Macayo's or Garcia's, it is a step up from there.
3	I came here after spending a month in Mexico. I'm pretty sure that any restaurant (especially one bragging about George W.'s trip there) could even come close to even a taco stand south of the border.However, after a few weak-ish margaritas were in me (the pitchers are great, but have a lot of ice, and are kind of spendy), I didn't mind the noise or the extremely cramped quarters (I don't even know how the waiters are able to serve having to constantly zig-zag between people).The portions are generous for the price, but it's obviously more Tex-Mex than the real thing.
3	Viva Bush! (are we serious?)A couple months ago I was reading a SkyMail magazine (I should have known) on my way home from a business trip when I came across a section about Phoenix. In there they lauded the traditional staple, Tee Pee. As an avid a&e girl, I made a note and told myself I'd give it a try sometime soon.I had some friends in town from out east. On their last night they asked to eat mex food one last time before they headed back (I had taken them to Barrio and a few other clutch spots prior to this).  I was trying to think of some place i hadn't been and the Tee Pee review came to mind. Vamos The place looks ok enough. Parking was tight but doable. As I entered, I was immediately greeted by two prominently displayed bumper stickers reading Viva Bush! Upon further inspection, I discovered that this was due to W's trip to the restaurant while in the Valley in 04. Woo hoo. I picked up on their sycophant theme with celeb pics from brad in tool time to larry bird...i guess I can't blame them too much...they appear to be very open about the dire need for a little et-esque action. To preface I have to be honest -- I'm a guac and marg snob. I could live off of them both and thus my reviews tend to get really jaded when either aren't up to par. So, we each had margaritas...weak, mixy tasting, and small. Guac again was weak (not very flavorful), mixy-processed tasting, and small. Not a complete failure...definitely edible...just nothing special. For my entree, I had the fish tacos which were drenched in grease and barely had anything in them.  But the fish was grilled or broiled (I'm not sure) and not breaded, which was a definite plus. Others ordered a guac tostada, which apparently was decent but not superb. My veg friend ordered the veg plate which was beans, calabistas, and rice. Again, decent nothing too impressive.So 3 stars because the food was definitely ok and worth eating. But it's not anywhere near authentic, original, or flavorful. So if you want some American-Mex that screams Viva Bush...this is your spot!
3	Good, but typical.
2	The Tee Pee is not so bueno.  It does have a cool old school Arizona vibe that's hard to come by.  The decor is totally quirky.  It was amusing to watch parties of six sit in side-by-side booths for four and two.  The BF and I got  the "privilege" of sitting at the George W. Bush table.  Putting lame duck politics aside, the food was pretty lame as well. The chips were greasy and the salsa was bland.  The Albondigas Soup was the best part of the meal.  The meatballs were tasty (but sparse) and the chicken broth was nicely spicy.  The fajitas left much to be desired.  The beef and chicken were both over- cooked while the onions were nearly raw.  The portions were okay for lunch, but they would be lacking for dinner (and we didn't order off of a lunch menu).  This place has a downscale touristy vibe.  I watched a group of six take multiple pictures of themselves in the quirky booths and of the food.  Perhaps they want the pictures for an exhibit of what Mexican food looked like in the US in the 1950s.Time has marched on from the Tee Pee.  For wallet-friendly Mexican, check out Mi Patio on 7th Avenue.  For gourmet Mexican, head over to Barrio Cafe on 16th Street.
3	I like Tee Pee. It's just a basic tacqueria that's been there for a long time and has fairly cheap food and fairly decent table service. You can get a lot of different basic Mexican items, including the Arizona version of a burrito (called a "burro" here). Margaritas are a bit watered down and can be ordered by the plastic pitcher, but if you speak up they'll mix in a bit more liquor for you. One warning--the salsa is hot! Good place to go on a weeknight with some friends. Plenty of families in there, too. I'm guessing there's a wait on the weekends, though I haven't tried.
4	Out of all the Mexican places I've been to in the Valley, this place has the best enchiladas!  It's not as healthy as some other places but if you are looking for somewhat cheesy and greasy mexican good, this is the place to go.
2	Nice bar, but otherwise gringo slop. This is amateur hour people. Their food  is a colossal failure. It's no wonder Bush likes to eat here when he is in town. No self respecting Arizonan or Mexican would ever return here for a second gastronomic beating. The beans were crap. The enchiladas were crap. The tacos were ok at best. The salsa wasn't great. There should be a helpline.
4	It's frustrating that Mexican food is SO regional in style and flavor. Having lived in Texas for most of my life I am accustomed to Tex-Mex. So naturally, I haven't had much luck finding any Mexican food that reminds me of home. However, of the many restaurants that I have tried here in the valley, this one has been the closest and the best...so far.The dish that I got could've served two people but the idea was to try a variety . The tamale was very good and the cheese enchilada was surprisingly even better. And being someone who never raves about Mexican rice, it feels a little weird saying that their rice stole the show. It was very good. Overall I was happy with the quality and taste. I dropped in for lunch on Sunday and it was packed. Luckily there was an open area at the bar, where they had NFL games on 3 or 4 tv's. The bartender was extremely attentive, never letting my coke sit half empty and refilling my chips bowl a couple times, as well. I will return!
4	Atmosphere:If you order out the first time you try TeePee, the experience is probably wasted.  Dive or no, the atmosphere at TeePee is part of the experience.  It's sort of Mod meets taco stand meets dive bar-- and I can't explain why that's a good combo but, imho, it is.  It's also dimly lit and the bar area is full of little Christmas lights that make for a great casual date.  However, that being said, I live close enough to order takeout whenever I've had that sort of bad day that needs Mexican food in decent quantities  The food:Albeit a little unhealthy and definitely Tex-mex rather than Mexican and pretty standard fare in that regard, this place is just ultimately satisfying.  Order the beef burro.  It's a must.  I don't think you can love this place as well if you don't.  The chile is perfect- I like the red and the green equally well, just depending on mood.  I'd second the opinions about the rice- it's really inexplicably good.  The chips, yeah, probably greasy but GOOD.  It's all greasy and good.  Don't eat here regularly- it will kill you.  Eat here when you need delicious, satisfying, comfort food and a pretty-cheap Dos Equis.  Service- I've always loved it but had one slow experience.  It's a hit and miss but I usually go during less-busy hours to avoid the crowds that can sometimes congregate.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that it's not really authentic Mexican, if that's what you're looking for and the dive vibe may turn some people off.  I personally love it.
1	Ok, so I thought I would give this place a tryone more time since everyone raves about it. I will not make that mistake again. I should have just left it alone and stuck to my original opinion... ok, but nothing special. Now I must say my last experience was horrible. To start the water tasted awful and the chips were cold and stale. How can you mess up a cheese crisp, well the Tee Pee did, again cold. My taco was made incorrectly and the chimi my friend got , not so good. I love good ol Mexican food, but this place has missed the mark. Thank god they have nostalgia working in there favor.
1	Absolutely horrible. I'd be offended if I was Mexican.
2	I agree with PS, way overrated.  And you'd think after all the years and the money this place makes it would refurbish the booth seats--they seem like the same since the 80's!  Salsa flavor was off, something missing like an herb, epazote?, and the chips, maybe its the GMO corn used to produce them, they just don't taste real.  The margarita was so acidic that by the second sip I couldn't drink anymore.  Service is also very complacent.  Cute little chile tepin bush in the planter next to the front door.
5	Awesome enchiladas and margaritas.  I wish I would have seen the review about the tamales before I'd been, else I would have ordered some.
5	Best chile relleno, hands down. Margaritas are fantastic. Family-owned since day one.
3	You know, I like the food and the salsa here.  Chips come out very hot and the salsa is yummy.  The bummer is that their margaritas are terrible.  We ordered a top shelf margarita and it was one of the worst I'd ever had.  Their prices are really very high for what you get and I'm really surprised its as crowded as I've seen it.  I'm wondering if its the fact that President Bush ate here?  Does nothing for me but maybe for someone else??If they had better margaritas, I'd probably go back but truly nothing out of this world...
3	A friend and I ended up here b/c the Vig was too packed, and the Dilly was too dirty. It was Tuesday and there was no room at the bar, and people were waiting to be seated. Our drinks were decent and the bar tender was clever.
3	"Cheap, pretty good tex mex food. Spicy Salsa and great free appetizer to start off the meal."
2	Perhaps I had too high of expectations, but Tee Pee is no bueno. The only saving grace was the salsa, spicy and delicious. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito, enchilada style with extra garnish. The plate i was given spent way too much time under the broiler and the garnish (roughly chopped lettuce) was was wilted by the time it got to the table. The enchilada sauce was pretty bland, the beans runny and an overall grease taste superseded any other flavors. Aside from the food the booths are really uncomfortable. Maybe we should have sat in the restaurant area in stead of the bar, but looking around all the booths seemed about the same - lumpy lump. Meh.
3	We went there cuz it was close to Scottsdale Stadium and the airport on the recommendation of a employee at a local business.  It was exactly a she described it: good food [not fabulous] old fashioned diner decor.  We had excellent service from a young man who has worked there 14 years who was the only waitperson on duty until 5:00.  He managed to be quick, efficient AND friendly and did not make us uncomfortable because he was swamped.Seems like there are many neighborhood regulars.3.5 stars for me if possible.
4	I'm here to give the Tee Pee some love.  for far too long it has been demeaned, denigrated, sneered at and insulted by hipster and foodie wannabees judging it by what it never claimed to be, aspired to, or is today---- an authentic mexican restaurant.  THIS IS NOT THAT PLACE, PEOPLE!  Tee Pee is a culinary and cultural time capsule of a Phoenix that no longer exists.  it is a black-and-white TV in an age of HD split-screen.  It is Legend City (google it kids) in an age of interactive Gaming.   it's a ford  falcon with a metal dashboard and no AC in the age of Light rail.  You get the idea.ALso, I happen to think the enchilada sauce and the hot sauce is brilliant.  deep-flavored and delicious. I always get some to take home. great.  I've never had a bad margarita there.  here's a cautionary:  the Chile Relleno is unlike any you've ever experienced before.  you may not like it if you expect a typical relleno.  it's a unique mutation that will have you wondering if the creator took too much acid in the 60s.  some people love 'em, some people hate 'em.  That's all I'm going to say about 'em..  I always sit in the bar (quieter) get the enchilada cheese and onions, crumble up some of the free chips into the sauce and practically lick the plate clean.  soak up the kitchy nostalgiaon the walls and in the orange naugahyde booths. delight in the old-school food.  But don't judge it by what it's not!
4	This is my pick for the best Mexican food in the valley. I've been coming here since I first came to PHX, in '98. The only caveat is that you must either be OK with sitting in a cramped booth or visit during off-peak hours. The chips and salsa are my "Best of the Valley". Plus, the faded steer leaning against a cactus logo is a fave. I actually rocked the shirt during college.
1	A very important indicator of Mexican food is the beans. Unfortunately, Teepee served up overbroiled, dry beans. A 2nd indicator is the Margaritas. A drink with Patron should have a bit of kick; the bartender had a second chance to get it right - no luck. Caution: very noisy.Service was excellent. However, there isn't much reason to return given neighborhood competition.
4	Ate here a couple of times. Didn't know they gave you so much food. I ordered Fajitas with a side of guaco and a side of pico de gallo....The bag that I picked up felt like 15 pounds of food.  This was for less than $25.  They forgot my side of guacomole =(...that's $5 of nothing.  I was looking forward to it too.  =(.They are insanely busy. I think this is a good place to go for drinks or to watch baseball or basketball.  But I would call ahead (like 30 min) to order my food and then take it to go.  The food isn't that good for that long of a wait. That's just my opinion. If you are hungry or have a big appetite then this is the place to go because you do get a lot of food.Pres Bush ate here. boo.I prefer Panchos on Baseline and Central (Clinton ate there =) ) and they give you large portions and it is way cheaper but much much much more tastier.  That's just my opinion...this is coming from a Californian who looooooooooves Mexican food.
3	Uuuuugggghhhhhh....cheese..and..... eggs............. Eggs and cheese......... Went here on a Friday night because it's talked about a lot by my coworkers, and there is always a line out the door. Got seated quickly somehow --by the time we left, the wait was nearly 45 minutes-- got our water and chips/salsa. Pedestrian chips and salsa and I ate too many as usual waiting. Everything on the menu looked just like a menu at Everyman's Mexican restaurant. I am always drawn to the 'house special' or 'specialties of the house' or 'chef's specials' or 'House specials of the chef'. Somehow I always think of an old Mexican lady in the kitchen fighting back tears of nostalgia from younger days in Olde Meheeko when she sees that someone as brave as me has ordered a family favorite. (No no no Jeffro, it is just not so.) In this case, it was the chile relleno. I'm a big fan of these chiles stuffed with plain cheese then battered and fried. I should have noticed the slight rise in the waitresses eyebrow when I made my choice audible, or the sudden silence as patrons ushered their children close and nefarious men went for their sidearms. Back in the kitchen, the cooks certainly chuckled and shrugged their shoulders in a combination of silky knowing and territorial pissing. This is our Special a la casa, and you will be surprised that you can be liking it!! Soon others will come!!!! What arrived at the table seemed like a mistake. This is not food -it is a sacrifice. A large head-sized, head/brain-looking mound of food.  "What is this?" I asked the waitress. She told me it is a special way of preparing the chile and that I would find the tasty morsel somewhere near the bottom of the football-sized mound of eggy souffle. I put my fork in expecting a gasping escape of air and a seconds-later reasonable sized dinner. No. If anything, it got larger (that's what she said). I went for it, but like Shackleton at the pole, I was stuck  20 minutes later. With my spouse finishing her enchiladas, I was still less than 1/3 into the meal and forever sworn from chile rellenos. The eggs alone must have skinnied a flock of chickens, the cheese gave Wisconsin a shudder, and the paltry pale anemic chilles resting in the cellar of the mess were no longer in my future as energy and waste product -I had had enough! Giving up and stating so left me feeling free like a recovering alcoholic taking the first step. There is some British research which shows that wild rabbits relax sometimes for the first time in their lives just before death when finally caught by a circling hawk. They no longer live in fear. I no longer live in fear of the TeePee--- I have been caught by the Chile Relleno. Stay hungry my friends, but order a la carte.
2	Weird chile rellenos!!!  Plain egg white meringue piled on top of plain green chiles on top of some cheese.  No flavor.  A huge disappointment and not at all worth all the buzz about a former President eating there.  The chips and salsa were tolerable, hence the two stars.
5	Reviewing Mexican Food Restaurants in Phoenix is a little like sports talk radio folks trying to compare boxers.  There are so many differences.  How do you compare a boxer in the heavy weight division to a boxer who fights in the welter weight division?   How do you compare a light weight to a super-light weight? It's hard.  and it's difficult to do with Mexican Restaurants as well.  When attempting to talk about boxing there is a term people like to use, "Pound for Pound", meaning if they weighed the same, this boxer would be superior.  "Pound for Pound" the Tee Pee is my favorite Mexican Resturant in the Valley.  Sure, there is a place in Scottsdale that has Green Corn Tamales that are to die for.  LOS DOS, in South Phoenix makes some killer dishes with Hatch Chilles.  But overall if I could only eat at one Mexican food place the rest of my life The Tee Pee would be it. The Green Chile Burros are excellent.  The Margs are fantastic and everyone I have ever taken there loves the Salsa.  I especially like the Cheese Crisps and when ever I go there I just ask for the daily special, which they have been serving for like 50 years.  A Taco, Enchilada, Tostada combo.  Wonderful.  Check out the Tee Pee, a family run restaurant who is serious about their food.
2	The food was too greasy and the chips were stale. I asked the waiter about it and he said they only make the chips once a week so that's why they were stale; lame.
5	Since leaving the beautiful state of Arizona, I always fill up on Mexican food when I'm home visiting.  This place is THE place for authentic mexican food.  It's not fancy or chic, in fact it's a hole in the wall.  It's clean just old.  Good margarita, great chips and salsa and the beans are definitely authentic.  Great meal.  This is your place if you want to experience authentic mexican food.  Tons of celebrities have visited this place, it's evident when you walk in the door and see all the autographs.
5	I love TeePee. The atomosphere in the restaurant is authentic and fun, and the food is killer. I love the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans...so delicious! Service is always good, chips and salsa brought out are a major plus, and I always leave full and happy! Definitely would reccomend to anyone.
2	Highly recommended by several friends, I found the food to be marginal. Nothing real special here. The service was great, attentive and friendly. The margaritas were excellent though. All in all, not anything I cant  find at my local Macayo's. Just remembered, the bathroom ( Men's) was a mess, also not handicap accessable.
3	TeePee is okay. It seems like everything on the menu comes out the same. A ton of food (whatever it is you ordered..) with a ton of sauce poured on top, with a ton of rice and beans on the side.  Last time my boyfriend and I went, I ordered the Chicken Fajita Chimi. When it came out, I got instant heartburn just looking at this plate of food I was expected to eat (although that also might have been the result of the white wine and margaritas I had during happy hour). Either way, it was daunting.I could only finish about 4 bites of my burrito at the restaurant. The good news is, TeePee is one of those places where the leftovers are even better then the original. You heat up everything at the same time, it all turns into a warm, gooey, saucy, cheesy mess and you eat bite after bite indiscriminately on your couch watching reality TV marathons.  It's really best with reality TV marathons.
3	I feel a bit guilty giving this place only 3 stars, due to the reason I visited the Tee Pee, but being an honest, good little yelper I can not tell a lie.My Step Father recently passed away unexpectedly here in MD and we had to make a trip out to Chandler, AZ where he grew up, and had wished to be laid to rest. The Tee Pee was one of my Step Dad & my Mom's favorites places to come and eat while they were visiting. For years they would go on tubing trips down the river, and their favorite place to go afterwards was the Tee Pee. It was a tradition. The atmosphere is definitely casual. It is laid back which I love. The patio is pretty cool, with the tv's and the misters. The owner was extremely considerate and was very, very nice. He gave our huge party complimentary cheese crisps  for every table, as he had heard what had happened, which I will give an extra star, because service does matter. The servers, bartender's, and the owner are all super friendly and pleasant. The only issue I had with the place was the food. It was terrible. The famous cheese crisps are just a simple flour tortilla with melted cheese. The chips were stale, the salsa average. The guacamole was pretty good however. My brother and I split the chicken chimichanga. It was massive. It was a little too greasy for my taste. I have had better mexican food at chipotle. I don't really get what all the other reviewers are raving about, how Tee Pee serves authentic Mexican food, in my opinion it's simpy Tex Mex. I am from MD and I think I have had more authentic Mexican food in my home town. I thought I would be in for a treat being in AZ. So I was extremely disappointed in the food. Not a huge fan of the margarita's either, the only good thing about them was the salt. Needless to say I was glad to experience a place that they had loved and enjoyed together. However I think they forgot to mention that they were always hammered after those all day tubing trips so I am sure the food was amazing after several cold beers, and the Arizona sun.
2	Well I made my way to Tee Pee last night and it was an experience to say the least. I was on the net at work the other day and watched a teaser for some new show that Andrew Zimmern is coming out with. The episode I was watching was shot here in Phoenix at the Tee Pee restaurant. He of course ordered the chile relleno. I thought it looked interesting so I planned a trip to check it out.     My mother and I arrived and walked in and had a seat in one of the booths in the back room. This is where the wheels came off the evening. The booth was ,to say the least, uncomfortable. My mother is only 4'10 and her whole body was under the table. All you could see was her head sticking up and she looked rather unhappy. We then tried another table and found much of the same. I am not a small guy and I was having problems with the fact that the seat was a bit to close to the table for me. We then tried a third table and found the same thing so we just stayed there. Finally a couple left at a table next to us and we moved for the forth time and this was much more comfortable.     I ordered the green chili chimichanga and my mother ordered the machaca burro. They both came out pretty quickly and looked very good but mine was a bit on the small side. My mothers burrito was much larger. I tried my chimi and found the first bite to have a strange flavour.  It was something like a strong sour after taste. Not pleasant. As I ate my way deeper into the chimi it did get much better but still was not the best I had ever had. Biggest complaint was the shell on the chimi was not crispy at all. I am used to a chimi shell, which is deep fried, having a nice crunch to it. This was pretty mushy and soft.    My mother tried her burrito and was very pleased with the flavor. It had a nice soft tortia and the meat looked very nice. I reached over and had a taste and it was very good. If I would have known I would have ordered that instead. We also ordered a chile relleno to go so we would have a chance to give that a try since it looked so interesting on the Zimmern show I had seen. We finished our meals and payed and left taking our football sized relleno with us for later. I arrived home and had to take a bite of the chile relleno. It was NOT GOOD!!!!!! it was nothing but cheese with chiles laying on top with a ton of whipped egg whites over them. No flavour at all, and the texture was just not appealing. I had 3 bites and threw the rest away. That was $9 waisted.    All and all I would not go back to Tee Pee. There are so many mexican places here in Phoenix that kill Tee Pee in flavour and portion size, and they have booths that are much more comfortable.
3	Honestly this is REAL GOOD food but it was hyped up to me as the best Mexican food around. It is good and the place is real friendly. Bottom line SOLID FOOD and GOOD ATMOSPHERE. It did not rock my world though.
3	I came here last night with some gfs to grab dinner and drinks and watch the Angels game.  I guess I was on a subpar Mexican kick, after hitting up 3 Margaritas for margarita shakers.  The place itself is cute, very old school, and I love the comment on the menu that says no cigar or pipe smoking.My and the girlies went to the bar, because it's playoff time and I need my Angels fix.  The bartender was really nice and friendly, and was doting on us the whole time.  Love being a girl!We started off with chips and salsa, which were just okay.  The salsa tasted very sugary, and was way to sweet for my liking.  The margaritas weren't anything special, as they have the sweet and sour mix flowing for the soda gun.For dinner I got two fried shredded beef tacos.  Definitely no street tacos to be found here.  How sad.  The tacos we big and piled with tons of shredded lettuce and cheese.  Yeah...I'm just guessing this isn't how it's done in Mexico.  Actually, I know that's not how it's done.The portions were huge and I'd already been filling up that sacred real estate in my stomach with booze and chips, so I was only able to finish one taco.I'm glad I stopped there, because I was feeling sick and greasy for the rest of the night.  Definitely not a feeling I enjoy.  So even though the food was priced well and the bartender was awesome, the greasy food and lack of authenticity will stop me from coming back on my own free will.
2	This place is SO overrated. Everyone always raves about the authenticity of this restaurant and that its a Phoenix Gem - far from it. I'm okay with the orange vinyl seats and the 70s vibe - no problem, you don't have to be fancy to get my vote. This review is based only on the fact that the food is awful. My chips are always stale. The salsa is from a can and the food is always "okay" and I leave feeling gross and wondering "why did I eat that?" I have no idea why this place gets so much credit.
4	Say what you will, Im kind of digging on the Tee Pee... It looks a bit divey... and the food was so hot I burned my lips off.. but thats not a TP prob, thats a airhead Kimberly problem! The chips are a bit on the staley side.. but I loved the Huevos Rancheros.. the place was packed... good margaritas, good salsa.. good service.. all deserving of my 4...
5	Reviewing Mexican Food Restaurants in Phoenix is a little like sports talk radio folks trying to compare boxers.  There are so many differences.  How do you compare a boxer in the heavy weight division to a boxer who fights in the welter weight division?   How do you compare a light weight to a super-light weight? It's hard.  and it's difficult to do with Mexican Restaurants as well.  When attempting to talk about boxing there is a term people like to use, "Pound for Pound", meaning if they weighed the same, this boxer would be superior.  "Pound for Pound" the Tee Pee is my favorite Mexican Resturant in the Valley.  Sure, there is a place in Scottsdale that has Green Corn Tamales that are to die for.  LOS DOS, in South Phoenix makes some killer dishes with Hatch Chilles.  But overall if I could only eat at one Mexican food place the rest of my life The Tee Pee would be it. The Green Chile Burros are excellent.  The Margs are fantastic and everyone I have ever taken there loves the Salsa.  I especially like the Cheese Crisps and when ever I go there I just ask for the daily special, which they have been serving for like 50 years.  A Taco, Enchilada, Tostada combo.  Wonderful.  Check out the Tee Pee, a family run restaurant who is serious about their food.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Tee Pee. I love their chicken enchiladas, rice, beans and salsa.  The chicken fajita soft taco's that JD gets always look good too. But once I was seriously disappointed by the balloon-boy looking chile relleno thing. Last night we went expecting gooey cheesy goodness and a couple of margs and one of us left with a toothache. On a whim, JD ordered a mexican pizza with fajita chicken instead of ground beef. It came and looked so good I had to taste it. It tasted good too. I was impressed and things were looking great until Ccc-rack! The pizza had some unexpected metal in it. We told our server who later explained to us that the slicer used to cut the pizza had broken and left behind the rivet that JD tried to eat (?) That just seemed odd to us, and we both left with a bad taste in our mouths. The pizza wasn't on the bill, but it is definitely still on our minds.
4	Food was some of the best mexican I've ever eaten, expecially the chicken enchiladas.  The atmosphere was very cramped, and the torn vinyl booths were very disappointing.  I would go back for the food.
3	Take away its storied history, its George W. Bush honorary enchilada, its wall of fame....what do you get?  Just another greasy cheddar cheese enchilada served by a place that makes Mexican food in the old style, before we really knew what Mexican food was.Having said that, this place is still a landmark and when you are in the mood for the faux Mexican that we all grew up on, you invariably make your way to the Teepee.  It is the reigning king of the Taco, Enchilada, Burrito world that was once our only portal to old Mexico.
5	I love the Tee Pee.  When I lived in Scottsdale as a child, we would frequent here.  You're always bound to see someone famous eating here.  As for the food, I think it's top notch.  I came back about 4 years ago and it was the same, excellent.  Excellent chicken enchiladas, wonderful beans, and their cheese is terrific.  Their tortillas are really tasty and I love their chips and salsa too.  And they have a lively bar at night, you really can't beat the Tee Pee.  During lunch hours, they have cheap, filling lunch specials.  When I'm in Phoenix, I'll be here, for sure.
4	Great and unusual chile relleno -  an egg white souffle with tasty peppers and cheese layered at the bottom.  excellent tacos and fajitas as well.  if you want great southwest tex-mex this is it.
2	This is an okay neighborhood mexican food spot.  I've been here a dozen times or so, and it's just okay.  Always an upbeat vibe at this place since it's a popular neighborhood spot, but the food it the type you say "uhh, probably won't come back here for a while."  Pricing is reasonable for what you get and the service is what you'd expect.  I'll go back, but it's not a place I crave.
5	If you're a native you'll enjoy this Mexican restaurant hotspot. If you are from out of town you might not get it.  For some reason in Arizona, these less aestheticly pleasing restaurants serve great Mexican food.I get the same thing every time and it never gets old... chimi machaca...dam it's good!
3	We went there for lunch last week...and we went very early by my standards- 11:15 AM.   Fifteeen minutes later, the place was jammed, and this was on a Tuesday.  I ordered the Mexican Pizza and the other person I was with ordered their famous Chile Relleno.    I enjoyed the chips that came out and the salsa wasn't too bad either.  We did have to wait a bit due to the time it takes to make the Chile Relleno.  As far as the food, I enjoyed the Mexican Pizza-not only was it huge, it was very tasty.  I did not try the Chile Relleno-not my thing- but the other person enjoyed it as well.  It was incredibly large-it was easily larger than a football.I will probably go back at some point.  I'm not one for waiting in lines so when I do go back, I will go before 11:30 AM.
4	Good basic Mexican Food.  Nothing fancy and sometimes that is a good thing.  Service is great, prices are reasonable, an the food is exactly what you expect.  Full drink menu that you would expect to get at a basic Mexican restaurant.  When your in the mood for good basic Mexican food this is the place.
2	My wife and I love Tee Pee's, it's nothing AMAZING, but it's always good.  Unfortunately, we won't be visiting this establishment anymore.We had some friends from out of the country and our their last night we wanted to take them to an inexpensive place with authentic Mexican food.  Our waiter came by and we ordered "4 margaritas please!"He replied, "want to get a pitcher of the GOOOD margaritas?!"Unified, we replied, "YES!"Well, two "GOOOD" pitchers later and we were drunk and ready for the check.  Albeit, the margaritas were really good, but they were not $42 per pitcher good!  Our drink total was $84 and definitely not worth it.  When we asked about the price our waiter said that they offered regular pitchers for $18 or the top shelf (or "GOOOOD") margaritas for $42.  We felt deceived and it put a huge damper on our last night with our friends.
4	I'm not sure why all the haters.  My wife and I had a GREAT experience here.  We frequent Mexico a lot.  Now, while this isn't the most authentic food, the place is great!!  I love spicy food and the salsa was spicy.  Too hot for my wife to really enjoy, but I loved it.  I usually add habanero to my salsa, but not here.  :)  Food did NOT come out super fast, that's because it's not pre-made and then nuked. (Sorry Drew) But it's great, we had super service and enjoyed the heck out of this place.  It's pretty close to Sky Harbor too.  Fortunately, we didn't know "W" ate there beforehand or we might have avoided it.  That being known now, I'd still go back.
2	The food here was ok.  Could be better for an authentic place.
4	Great hot plate Mexican food especially for cheese lovers. The relleno is a classic here and my personal favorite is the red burro and enchilada plate. Great comfort food! Margaritas are not to be missed one of the few I can actually drink with out feeling my teeth decaying
2	We should have listened to the more negative reviews here on the place.  The food was indeed greasy.  We ordered their version of chili relleno and it was the most bizarre way to make it.  One top of three pieces of inadequately spicy chilies was this gigantic eggwhite puff and the plate otherwise was coated with cheese.  The eggwhite did not really complement the chilies.  Would not order this again.   My wife's order of taco was also filled with too much cheese.  We are from Tucson, and this place is sub par compare to the Mexican restaurants we have down in the old pueblo.
3	I was very happy with my enchildas and side dishes. Chips and salsa were not as good as I have had at other Mexican places in town.
4	The food was good, not fantastic, but good.  The chile rellenos were amazing!!! My husband couldn't even eat them all, they were that big.  The house margaritas were good - it was $2 Tuesday so hard to complain there.  The atmosphere is worth the trip all by itself.  Although it was very busy, they got our party of 5 (with two toddlers) seated within 10 minutes.  The chips and salsa kept on coming and kept the kiddos happy.  My 4 yr old is a connoisseur of flavorful but not too spicy salsa, and Tee Pee's salsa fit the bill.  The chips were fresh, warm and crispy.All in all a nice, reasonable dinner, great atmosphere and family friendly.  We'll be back again and again.
1	Native Phoenician here. Have been eating at the Tee-Pee for as long as I can remember. One thing that very poignantly stands out is coming back to the Tee-Pee after coming back after living somewhere else for several years. What stands out is the memories of the food. When I left it was good, when I got back it was terrible. The quality of the food has slid slowly into ho-hum-dom, and then further into what am I paying for? If you've read my profile, you'll notice that I'm HUGE on value. Does what you are getting measure up to what you are paying for? If I know I'm getting 5 Star food and service, I'll pay for it. It just seems that things at the Tee-Pee have started to change from really being interested in putting out great food for a great price, to playing off the hype that has become the Arcadia neighborhood hotspot places. It's most disappointing that what was once a favorite hangout, has left me finding other places to get good mexi-chow.
4	This place is legendary !! The decor is awesome and the burritos are amazing. My wife loves the green chili Mary Lou and the staff always seems like they are having a great time. Oh yeah, I almost forgot, the have amazing cheeseburgers! I know it seems odd but the burgers are great.
4	Ive seriously been thinking about  Tee Pee's nachos since eating here Saturday night.  We ordered the chile rellanos and did not touch it because we were too busy cleaning the plate of nachos!  The margaritas were alright, but the service was phenomenal, everyone was super friendly.  Did I mention how great the nachos were?
2	I've been hearing about Tee Pee for years; it's considered a Phoenix landmark, I think!  George W Bush has been there afterall!  But it wasn't until my husband purchased a groupon for this place, that I was forced to go check it out.  My quick summary:*chips and salsa - meh, nothing special, kind of stale tasting to be honest*guacamole - nasty*Bud Light - A-OK*Chicken Tostada - decent*House Salad - decent but simple (it's just lettuce and tomato)*Service - friendly and attentive although it did take awhile to get ice water, and when we finally did, we were handed a pitcher and 3 glasses.  I realized it was 3 glasses for the 2 of us because 2 of them were stuck together - classic!Bottom line: I don't eat Mexican very often, but when I do, I'll likely go elsewhere.
3	A friend of mine lives near Tee Pee's and seemed to like it a lot so when I saw deal on Groupon I decided to buy one and try it out. I am a major chip person...... if they aren't good then I don't want to eat there and Teepee's chips were acceptable, but not great. My friend loves the guacamole since they put paprika in it but I did not like the consistency. I got the shrimp & chkn fajitas. Half of my family is Mexican so I know good when I taste it and once again this was somewhere in between. They use a ton of cheese and the portion sizes are huge. Although the food was so-so our waiter was very attentive and did an excellent job. I may come back for a happy hour special one day if I'm in the area.
3	I finally got around to eating at Tee Pee after driving passed it numerous times.  I guess my body was craving heavy cheesy mexican...yum!I had the beef enchilada with green sauce, rice and beans.  I'll start with the positive:*The plate was straight out of the oven, so piping hot, I love how the cheese gets all crusty when it's cooked :)*The chips and salsa we decent, and they brought a refill when we neared the end of the bowl.*The green sauce was pretty good, but could have been spicier.*The rice was tasty, some of the best I've had at mexican places like this.Now the bad:*The enchilada had barely any beef in it....literally had to open the tortilla to see if it had any in there at all.*The booths are really old and made of orange vinyl.  Maybe it's part of the decor, but I think it's time for an update.*The server was pretty non-enthusiastic, we still had everything we needed, but a simple smile would have gone a long way!All in all, it's about what you would expect from a normal mexican place.
4	Hole in the wall with great food. You can even sit in the same booth where a visiting president sat.
3	Traveled all the way from Wilkes-Barre, PA.Expecting great Mexican food.Ordered combo of enchillada, tamale and taco.Food was ok but better at LA Tolteca in PA.Who would have thunk it?
4	I walked in and it felt like the help all knew everyone there. The bar area was full and there was just 2-3 tables open. The tables are close together, so you feel like you're sitting with the person at the next table, but that was ok.The chips were warm, but cooled off quickly. The dip wasn't too hot and it was a good combination while I waited for my 'Tee Pee Daily Special'.The special was a tostada, taco and enchilada with rice and beans. All tasted good. The food was good, the atmosphere was better and the help was wonderful.  Now it's 2 hours later and I'm still full. If you want to see pictures, check out my blog at pmonahan.tumblr.com.
2	I went here for lunch with a few co-workers.  I actually liked the food.  Growing up in San Antonio, I prefer this kind of mexican food: no color only shades of brown, heavy on the cheese, heavy on the salsa.  Wow, now that I write that, I doesnt sound so great... but really, that's what I like.  And that's more or less what I got at Tee Pee's.  So food-wise, it's probably a THREE STAR.But there were some real drawbacks.The chips were slightly stale.  It should be a small thing, but you'd think a "landmark" restaurant could handle keeping fresh chips.The decor is dated and cramped.  The old vinyl seats are ugly, but more importantly, they are uncomfortable and very small.  Two adults sitting side-by-side had better be very friendly.Finally, the service is horrible.  And to me, that is easily the biggest problem.  The waitress constantly left our drinks empty and had to be reminded every time we asked for anything.In reality, Tee Pee's should be right up my alley.  But their "we're too busy to worry about the small things" is a big problem.  I'm not sure they will ever get a second chance with me.
3	A shiny and sleek interior, an innovative and locally sourced menu, all brought to you by a celebrity chef is everything Tee Pee Mexican Restaurant is not. Instead you get a divey old building, vinyl booths, a ceiling adorned with Christmas tree lights and an old school Tex-Mex menu that's simple, satisfying and inexpensive.Each table is automatically adorned with a pitcher of ice water and a squirt bottle filled with Tee Pee's own hot sauce. Within moments of being sat into one of the comfy old vinyl booths a large bowl of chips is brought out and accompanied chunky salsa. The chips are humongous, essentially a medium corn tortilla cut in half and deep fried to till crisp. I just wish that on my last visit the humidity from the rain hadn't made the chips more chewy than crunchy. The chunky salsa was bursting with freshness and a slight throat burn more indicative to pepper than chile. Either way, I love built in appetizers.I'm a cheese crisp fanatic, almost as much as I frenzy over good chicken wings. So I consider myself an expert by way of sheer cheese crisp volume consumed over the course of my lifetime. Having chowed on so many, there have been many great and not great, the later being a greasy flaccid disappointment. So what's great about the Green Chili Strips Cheese Crisp ($6.75) from Tee Pee? The truth in advertising. Pick up a slice and you'll find its truly crisp and rigid being followed by thick ropes of gooey melted cheddar cheese.  Green, smooth and easy to spread, the Guacamole Dip ($5.50) while good was lacking any discernible heat. After all we're at a Mexican food restaurant and shouldn't we deserve a little bit of heat? Next time Ill ask if they can make it spicy. The Beef Fajita Chimichanga ($11.25) is an ode to everything that is right about fried food. Huge flour tortilla filled with tender well seasoned grilled beef, onions and bell peppers, then rolled and deep fried to delicate crunch. The French fried burrito is covered with the usual suspects including red sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheese, sour cream and a healthy dollop of guacamole. I didn't feel an ounce of guilt eating the entire thing.What's good Mexican food without a mainstay like Sour Cream Enchiladas ($8.00)? Corn tortillas encircle molten cheddar cheese and sour cream then draped with Tee Pee's savory red sauce. As soon as the plate arrived I could tell that these were going to be good. Oh, by the way, when they say these plates are hot, they aren't kidding. Seriously, do no touch these or you will get burnt, I speak from experience on this one, heed their warning. However, the fieriness from the plate further enhanced the slightly smoky red chile sauce, making it that much more tangy and delicious. Both entrees were served with moist fluffy rice and thick cheesy refried beans. Show up in shorts and t-shirt, I don't think you can ever be undressed at Tee Pee but that's all part of the charm. Come as your are, even if you get enchilada sauce all over your shirt, no worries, pre-treating will take it right out.
4	"Have you ever had the chile relleno at Tee Pee?" Our server crouched down by our table to get eye level with the friend who'd ordered it. She had not. None of us had. "So it's a bit different," he explained. Something about 6 egg whites and an egg yolk. Something about half a basketball. She went ahead and ordered it anyway. Only our server and the pictures (I'll post one) can decently describe it. But he had it right on the nose.Around the table, we had enchiladas (the Presidential Special that George W. Bush ate when he visited - holla!), some (very good) pepper beef thing recommended by the server, and the chile relleno. Everyone left stuffed, well-treated (Portland, Oregon has NOTHING on Arizona for polite and attentive service), and generally entertained. Mostly on account of the basketball dish, and the signed celebrity photos everywhere.Tee Pee is what our Phoenix hostess calls a hole-in-the-wall, but it's the kind of hole that leaves you filled to the brim. So there's that.
2	I visited a couple times about 25 years ago, when my future wife was infatuated with one of the bartenders. TeePee seemed reasonably satisfying back then and I cant decide if tastes have changed that much or the food has objectively fallen off a cliff. It may be a little of both. Table service was friendly but inattentive, if that makes sense.  Decor is Flintstones meets Happy Days on the Oregon Trail. Or something.  Which would be fun....if the food was edible.  Prices run a buck or two higher than many Mexican chains; again, reasonable only if the food was better. Or even as good, as BajaFresh, Taco Bell or Chipotle. In this industry, there's a thin line between venerable charm and past- its-prime trap, and if you insist on lousy ingredients and dont bother to ask customers how they want their heuvos cooked, then even if your front hostess is a doll, you're on the wrong side of that line.
2	Yes its a classic, yes W ate here. Wish I could say I love it or even like it. First the dinning room itself. The booths are tiny - originally probably made for 2, but they consistently jam in 4. Not comfortable . The food, everything buried under a mound of cheap cheese, then thrown under a broiler and brought to you hellishly hot. No flavor, really doesn't matter what you order, it all looks and tastes the same. Don't you love scraping that burnt dead skin from the roof of you mouth.
2	Tee Pee was recommended to me by a friend as the best Mexican food in town.  My boyfriend and I went there on a Sunday night and were very disappointed.The restaurant was noisy and crowded.  The salsa was spicy, but lacked flavor beyond the heat.  The guacamole was generally flavorless and had the consistency of baby food.  There were, occasionally, big chunks of avocado, which were nice but they seemed out of place in the puree.  The chips were fresh but, again, had no real taste.I had chicken tacos, my 'baseline' meal for new Mexican restaurants.  My boyfriend had enchiladas.  Again... everything was simply so-so.  My taco shells seemed slightly stale and tasted like what I would get out of a taco kit from the store.  The chicken was tough.  My boyfriend was similarly underwhelmed by his meal.The rice, however, was tasty.  I'll give them that much.Overall, we will not be back.  There are too many excellent Mexican restaurants in the area to revisit mediocre ones.
2	I don't know what possessed me to eat here.  Maybe I thought if it was good enough for George Dubya, it would be good enough for me.  I expected grease, I expected a lackluster interior, and I expected mediocre food.  I guess it met my expectations.Because nothing is too good for my husband's wife, he chose the "presidential" table for us, complete with the "hasn't been cleaned since 2004 presidential plaque."  Chips and salsa arrived promptly.  The chips were thin and crispy, but far too greasy.  The salsa was not the greatest either.I ordered a chimichanga deciding it was going to be my last fat-laden meal for at least a month, or a week, whichever comes first, because I wanted the crispy tortilla.  Unfortunately, only the very ends of it were crispy.  The rest was drenched in sour cream and some pretty seriously bad gray-green guacamole which made the whole thing soggy.  What a sad waste of the deep-frying process.  Inside was green chile, made with beef, rather than my favored pork.  It wasn't too bad, but from what spilled out, I could see there was far too much grease in it.  Not that I was expecting healthy here, but this was ridiculous.  I almost didn't eat it, but I did.Would I come back?  It's not at the top of my list, but if I say no, I'll end up there next week.  I did see they have pretty good drink specials, and the place was quite busy, so someone must like it more than I do.
1	We found nothing to like about TeePee. We tried take out twice because it was near work. We were not impressed either time. So far we've tried the machaca taco, cheese enchilada, green chili burro and chicken burro. Everything including both salsas were lacking in flavor and the chips were stale, like last night's or last week's. Overall, the food tasted like something you'd get at a fast food joint like Taco Bell. Actually, Taco Bell is better. The service was not so hot either. Neither time did they have our order ready when we arrived even though we had called ahead and been given a pick up time. We will definately NOT be going there again. BTW - we tried their famous chile relleno a few years back and were equally unimpressed. It was just a whole lot of whipped egg whites with a little green chili and ordinary cheese. The sauce was okay but not enough to try again. Don't bother going.
2	One thing Phoenix has in abundance is good Mexican food.  I mean REALLY good. So it's beyond me why anyone would settle for mediocre. Which this was.It was bland.  It was greasy.  The shrimp dish we ordered had no spice or flavor at all.  My chips were fresh, which judging by the rest of the reviews here was a lucky thing. A side of soft corn tortillas came pre-slathered in grease, for some ridiculous reason. And for what it was, it was terribly overpriced.  That's not to say it was expensive at all, but Filibertos is consistently better than this was.  Somehow the two green corn tamales I got to go were $10?  Give me a break.Yes, my butt shared the same space as Bush Junior's did (according to the plaque at our table), but that didn't enhance the experience.
3	If you want to know what the real core of Phoenix--and I am not talking about the extreme East LA suburb it's become in the last 15 years--is all about, you need to experience the Tee Pee.The food is Mexican in the same way that Pat Boone singing "Tutti Fruitti" is rock n' roll or Justin Timberlake is an actor, but that's to be expected. TeePee offers you their take on the GringoMex genre and does it well, with mountains of cheese piled atop mildly spiced traditionals like enchiladas and hard tacos, complete with sides of refried beans and rice crusted over by spending a bit too much time under the salamander. The chips are obviously made in the restaurant because they are too greasy to have travelled far. You pay a bit more than would ordinarily seem appropriate for this level of cuisine, but then there's the show.And the show--on weekend nights, at least--is a parade of dapper, vigorous men in their 50's and 60's who have the appearance of scratch golfers, or at least the clothes for it.  They are accompanied either by one of two types of women: Those about the same age who look like they spend a good bit of time at the hair salon and getting rhinestones custom-embedded into jeans that actually fit their butts, or younger ones with great make-up and pneumatic breasts. Together they float on a cloud of real-estate development money, ferried to the place in various standard-Scottsdale-issue Lexuses Acuras and BMW's. Jocular phrases are bandied about by the tanned multitudes: Trips to Hawaii, facelifts, scapegrace kids being sent to military schools.And all of this happens in a building that probably started out as a private home at one point, has been added on to over the decades, and still features formica tabletops, painted concrete floors, and vinyl booths.So go for the show. You can eat anywhere.
3	Meh.I had the feeling when I got inside of Tee Pee it'd be meh, and I walked out feeling meh (but full).Had the fish tacos (plate looked bigger than it was, mostly lettuce and tomato, but the fish was decent), and the burro enchilada style (OVERLY saucy / salty and cheesy...like it was DUNKED in sauce, which to me, when i get a "wet" burrito, is usually not the case, with rice/beans afterthought). I'd say this place is more TEX-MEX than mexican. The food is good, but what keeps people here is the portion size and in your face flavor of the enchilada style burrito.
2	Nasty, nasty, nasty, and gross. The cheese crisp is anything BUT (greasy, limp, UGH) and the chips are STALE and vary between super chewy and/or break my jaw status - when I tried to ask for fresh chips the waiter looked right in my eye, apologized, and said he'd promptly throw them back into the microwave for me... WHA?!?! This restaurant is proof that George W. Bush was a bigger idiot than we ever gave him credit for (for those of you who have never been - the TeePee claim to fame is being a local fave of the Bush). I recommend avoiding this place completely and trying Carolina's, Los Compadres, or Casa Reynoso. Service is hit or miss so if you MUST go - try the shredded beef tacos, skip the tap water, and sit at the bar.
4	Tee Pee was one of the first places I went out to eat as a freshman at ASU in 2002 and I'm still going back to this day.  My favorite is their chimichanga.  The prices aren't great but this meal comes with a load of sour cream, guacamole, and chips & salsa and is delicious.It's an older building and the booths are anything but comfortable but the service and food are great.  They also have a bar attached to the restaurant and speedy take-out service if you don't feel like dining in.Their small parking lot is often full but it shows how good their food is.  I have never had to wait for more than a few minutes for a spot and there is street parking if the lot is full.
5	Best Margaritas/Mexican food in town......PERIOD!Say HI to Brando behind the bar for me....cool dude!!!
2	So I finally went out and experienced this valley staple that so many recommended to me.  My thoughts are summed up by the two star yelp description; Meh, I've experienced better.  What am I missing here? This food is not very good.  I guess if you like big portion's I do not), then that would be a positive note for this restaurant.  My companion and I ordered a few different menu items, including the Chile Relleno, a Chimichanga and beef taco.  Let us start with the beef taco.  The appearance actually looked good. Crispy taco shell with colorful lettuce, tomato and cheese all over and the beef was decently cooked.  Unfortunately, the bottom of the taco had broken apart from the amount of oil, which make it hard to eat, but not bad.  The chimichanga was huge and covered with what seemed like three different sauces, and way too much of all three.  The chimi itself was not crunchy and totally lacking in flavor, most of it went un eaten.  I left the Chile Relleno description till the end, because this was nothing short of funny.  I have had Chile Relleno around fifty times in my life, minimum.  Never, ever ever, have I seen a plate of Chile Relleno look like this. You need to picture a football sized shell of some white substance with a plate of melted cheese below it. Seriously, it was bizarre and complete disgusting, dish was left completely untouched.  I am unsure how the kitchen lets a dish leave looking like that, totally revolting.Anyways, I am on my lonesome on this review, based on the fact there was an hour wait tonight on a Sunday and you cannot even get into the parking lot.  Go figure. I will not be back.
3	This place is cute! It started pouring down rain when we got there so we ran inside as fast as we could. It was really crowded and the place is kinda small. Its family owned and has a lot of menu items. It wasnt bad I just wasnt a fan. Their chips were really greasy but their salsa was really good! The people we were with ordered 2 Chili Rellanos for our 2 tables and I wasnt impressed. When you look at it you're thinking like "wow" but there was barely any chili and mostly all egg whites. blah. I ordered one of their lunch specials for my entree which was a burrito with red sauce, chicken and it came with rice and beans. I was expecting it to take a while for our food since it was so crowded but it didnt really take that long. I would prob go back and try some other stuff.
2	The reviews for here are spot on. The food was okay. Yummy margaritas! Okay salsa, but not great. Overcooked chips. But considering we live in Phoenix there is no need to waste your time eating here. There are hundreds of better Mexican food restaurants that you don't have to wait to be seated and way better priced.
1	FRIENDS DONT let friends eat at tee pee.I take it all back. THIS is the worst Mexican joint in Phoenix. And that dubyuh ate here elevates it to one star. He probably loved it. Why do you think it's called Tex mex?"Green sauce" was this dirty water with floating spice leaves. UGH. Rice typically too much pepper, tomatoes not fresh, salsa not fresh, low-grade cheese blech.Tables too small and on top of each other. First-generation mini blinds saggy, bent, filthy and old. Dingy wall kitsch includes glowy virgin, fake and faded plastic greenery. Add to it screaming children who at some point seem to be trying to outscream each other and you've got the essence of the ambiance which is Tee Pee.Service is very friendly and staff is dedicated to keeping the dinner moving. If only the food were edible and the surroundings a bit fresher.
4	Margaritas by the pitcher were very good.  And strong.The taco and enchilada combo were very solid.The chips were never empty and oh so tasty.I'm not sure why this place got bashed so hard either.The Presidential table was just across the way from us, but didn't glow or anything.The prices were reasonable, but everything in Phoenix was reasonably priced.Then again, I was drinking for three hours straight at the baseball game right before coming here.  Nah, the food was good anyway.
4	First, this is not authentic Mexican food.  It is Tex Mex in a pretty authentic setting one might see in Austin or San Antonio.  The Nachos, Guacamole, and Margaritas are as good as you will find anywhere.  The enchiladas are great and the other items are good, too.  This is where locals go, not the place for tourists.  It is reasonably priced, fun, but not tres chic.  The iced tea arrives in red plastic cups, the table is formica and the floor linoleum, all as it should be.
2	I'll PASS this place, next time I'm driving by. Between the inattentive, uncaring servers and the definite need for the place to be powerwashed inside, I got the feeling that they assume that they will do fine without you or me. Really just a local dive bar that has too many TV's and serves food to some:  this joint needs to rethink their idea of restauranteurism.I have eaten here twice (never let a bad experience go unpunished), so when I returned last week, I tried the chile relleno. Having eaten rellenos hundreds of places, the promise of a unique experience intrigued me. It was unique, all right!..... Two chiles laying on top of some cheap american cheese with a Baked Alaska top (eggs whites puffed up  and browned to look like a football) over the whole thing. This was not a relleno, It was a FUMBLE! Maybe the WORST relleno of my life. Perhaps this is your kind of bar, which is why it got a second star from me, but it doesn't cut it as a restaurant, in my opinion. The photos they provide show a kitchen that seems a lot cleaner than where you eat............ maybe they should keep the food there.
5	Why does this place have so many 1 and 2 star reviews? I just don't understand. I have been coming here for YEARS. Even before I went the vegetarian/vegan route. I used to have birthday party dinners here when I was a kid. This place has always been my favorite Mexican place to eat at, and is always super crowded with people. You should have seen it the day after the Superbowl. It was a mad house! But because I love it so, we still waited the thirty minutes and ate here anyways.The service is sort of touchy. Some times we get really good servers who are friendly, and other times we get the ones who just rush and take your order and don't bother to care about you at all. Really though, as long as the service is fast, I could care less about whether or not they talk to me. It is just nice when they do. The food is always hot, and always comes out super fast. I always order a bean chimichunga with no cheese, no sour cream, and all beans on the side with no cheese. The lettuce and tomatoes they put all over every dish is slightly annoying and I always forget to ask for them to take it off, but whatever. I love my bean chimi. Whoever comes here and expects to get 5 star Mexican food is kidding themselves. You can tell from the outside of this place that when you come in here, you are going to get some greasy bad for you Mexican food. And that is exactly why I frequent this place. When I am in the mood to just eat greasy food that's going to make me feel like I just ate 3000 calories, I come here. Because even being a vegetarian, you have to have a place where you go to eat bad for you food.
1	This would have been an easy 4+ star review except for the bar/food server's actions seating people in our seats near the end of the meal while we were in the bathroom.Saw them on AZ PBS TV show "Check Please" (http://www.azpbs.org/checkplease/segments/restaurant.php?id=3206), looked good so thought we would try it.  Arrived during a busy time at 5:30PM and was told it was over a half an hour wait in the restaurant but the bar was open.  Sat in the bar at the counter and we noticed that several other folks were eating at the Bar so she decided we should do the same.  The Latino gentleman behind the bar was quick, attentive, organized, fun, and engaging.  Margaritas with Tortilla chips & Salsa came quickly and we were being taken care of well.  We both ordered the Green Chili Chimichanga and mine arrived slightly over toasted but still tasty.   Guacamole was very good.Near the end of our meal we got up to use the bathroom and I returned first to find that the bar tender had given up our seats, even though our sunglasses, keys and her personal things were still on the bar.  Would 5 minutes have killed him to let us finish or order dessert?Total was $43 including tip.  I had to pay from the food server's walk up area as there was no counter space elsewhere and our seats had been taken over.I've never been thrown out of a bar before, but this sure was a rude ending to an otherwise great meal.
4	Great food and good service. Always have warm chips and consistently good salsa.  Typically go for one of the lunch specials---large potions, served hot, and quick.  The decor---yeah, it is pretty dated.  The dinning area is not at all conducive to large groups---but for a quick lunch, it is a good place to stop..  Especially like the bar area.
3	Just not good. We saw a show on PBS about it so we thought we would check it out. The food was standard low-end Mexican food. The major problem I had with it was the rice. The flavor reminded me of the smell of medicated dog shampoo. It was gross. Service was slow. Getting our food was slow. Salsa was not good...which sucks because salsa can raise the likability of a place.  Really the only reason I gave them 3 stars was because it was a family run place & I liked the Christmas lights on the ceiling. Unfortunately, for them, we won't be returning.
1	Tee Pee is pretty expensive compared to other similar restaurants. The food has been ok when I eat in, but I have been consistently disappointed with the takeout from Tee Pee. It is soggy, sloppy and tastes horrible. Today, I tried Manuel's down the street because I finally lost hope that Tee Pee would one day get it right. I ordered the same thing at Manuel's that I typically order at Tee Pee. The takeout was 100% better. Crisp, neat and tasted fantastic. I'd recommend Manuel's over Tee Pee if you're looking for good takeout.
3	I would have to say "SUPRISE" is the first words that come to mind with this hole in the wall or you could say it is the crowds of people waiting to hit this joint all night.   I have had better, but the food was good. I had the chorizo and eggs. It could have had more spice. The tortillas were hot and fresh. I had a good experience.
1	The food here is garbage....Del Taco is better!  Bad service, VERY noisy!  LONG wait! Cramped inside.To top things off, there was an old BUSH bumper-sticker in the lobby! Are you kidding me??
4	My boyfriend and I recently ate at Tee Pee as he knew I had been there before and I now live close!  It's known to be authentic and the food was definitelty tasty and served REALLY hot.  I really need to bring my Dad here, he wants it burns-your-mouth hot.  The server was super nice.  I would say the seating seems a little outdated, but no biggie.  On a Tuesday night I was surprised by the number of people sitting outside having a few beers, seems like a good spot to hang out if that's what you're looking for!
4	I have been to Tee Pee three times and keep going back. Its a little pricey and crowded but a good dive-like Mexican food place for dine-in. I am surprised how many low ratings they have on Yelp, maybe people were expecting something fancy? TRY THE CHEESEBURGER. I know, I know, why would you get a burger at a Mexican food joint? But it's HUGE and really good.
1	This place is garbage. The guacamole is nasty. How hard is it to make home made guacamole!! wow really cheese they use is f grade. The tortillas they use are nasty. I can't believe check please had this place on the show. Bill Clinton ate here. what does he know about Mexican food from Arkansas. . I took my wife there after seeing them on TV went here. I was embarrassed... Trust me this is not Mexican food!!!!!!!!!!! BY THE WAY THE MEN'S BATHROOM IS A JOKE....
2	Everyone I've talked to that likes this place says the same thing, "I've been going there for years."  Yes - and perhaps years ago it didn't feel like a dive restaurant in constant jeopardy of being shut down for health code violations.  But now...The food is completely, unmistakably mediocre.  As is the service.  Maybe it's not filthy - maybe it's just the lighting and decor that makes it look like that way.  But I'm pretty sure the roach I saw dart up the wall was real.(Okay - that's a cheap shot - there are probably roaches in many places I've gone and I just haven't seen them.  Fair point.)Nothing about this place makes it a can't miss.  I get the history, the nostalgia, and the fact that some famous people have dined there, but you can find better Mexican food all over the Valley and some just a short drive away.
3	Super fast service. Waitress never came back for followup. She just dropped off the food. Food was alright, good if you're a local. Not a destination restaurant.
4	I'm also pretty confused at the low ratings that I see here.Tonight was my first time and I had an enchilada with beans and rice. I cleaned my plate and I REALLY didn't need to eat that much. It was just too good to stop. I also had my fair share of chips and salsa, which were pretty tasty.My friend had a Carne Asada Burro and she was also very happy with it.Let's not be confused. It's not a swanky restaurant, but I didn't feel as though it was noticeably dirty, either.The service was super quick. We never had a time when we were out of anything, and it was pretty busy.If I have the chance I'll go back again, no question.
4	The Tee Pee is a Phoenix institution and known for its monster Chili Rellenos. I was traveling with a friend who loves Chili Rellenos so I thought it would be a perfect choice! As our waitress delivered the plate, you could hear the gasps and people asking "what's that?" as she walked by. It was indeed a monster creation. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to its hype. Under two massive mounds of egg souffle, there was one little green chili with a little bit of cheese. My friend didn't like it at all. I liked it a little more than he did, but I think he was right when he said it must be their "gimmick" dish. Even though the Chili Rellenos disappointed, our waitress (whose name I failed to get .. arghhh!)_was excellent. She was so nice and friendly, but not in that sickeningly nice way. She was attentive and incredibly accommodating and helpful. We would definitely try the Tee Pee again, but would just order something different next time.
4	If you don't like a hole in the wall for food- don't come here.  The booths are tiny and it's definitely an interesting vibe inside.With that being said, I find that these places often have the best food, and Tee Pee lived up to that.  Great enchiladas!
2	I have heard about all the past famous diners here such as President Bush, and many athelets, etc.  We walked in around 6pm and my BF was like, "THIS is the place? are you SURE? is it even OPEN???"  it was dead inside.  Ill just skip to the food part-  I ordered this dish that came with a ground beef taco, cheese enchilada, and beef tamale.  All of it was good expect the tamale which tasted "grainy"  ok here we go, long story short I wont be going again but glad I went to SAY I've been.
5	This is a great, family-owned, cozy, Mexican restaurant.  My experiences there have all been great.  They have a dog friendly patio outside and their prices are great for the quality of the food.  Top notch wait staff also. I highly recommend Tee Pee Mexican Restaurant.
2	fair to poor at best.   It has the classic 1970's and earlier Mexican restaurant feel to it, but, the food is lacking the same flare.    The food is more typical of Tex mex than anything you'd expect in Arizona.   If your looking for a classic Mexican restaurant Pedro's still has both the atmosphere and the food.  Overall I can't say I wont go back, but, it's just kind of OK.   Sadly Phoenix as a whole seems to have this issue, where much of the Mexican restaurants are just OK, with a few, very few, standouts like Pedro's or Carolina's.    If you want actual Sonoran food, got me, I have yet to find anyplace here though venturing further south on I-10 will lead you to greater concentrations.
4	Tee Pee is an old, out of date, time forgot, slice of Mexican food heaven. This is where you get the real stuff folks, not some fancy pants food network interpretation of a foie gras tamale flambe. Their salsa is perfect and the divey decor is muy authentica.
4	If it's good enough George W. Bush it's good enough for you! I love this place and have been coming here since I can remember. They have the best cheese crisp and the bean burro enchilada style is awesome as is the green burro, great salsa as well.It's not fancy and has an old school feel but it's good. Top 10 Mexican food restaurant.
5	My favorite! Nothing sexy in regard to decor. Just great food, great drinks, in a casual atmosphere. Excellent margaritas, I suggest ordering them by the picture. Favorite burrito is the fajitta burrito. Staff handles special requests very well.
1	Worst mexican ever!!!!!!Don't go there!!!
2	"We can say we tried it."That was our reaction when we left. We drive by this place all the time, and it is usually packed, so when we had an open night we decided to see what it was all about.We had stale chips, and possibly the worst "house margarita" in the history of house margaritas. It was more like a guest-house margarita. Maybe the outhouse margarita. My wife had the chimi, and liked it. I had enchiladas, and they were okay. Oh yeah, and the seats. They are old booths, aren't holding up very well. Mine had a broken spring or something and the guy sitting behind me made me jump everytime he moved, and I think I did the same to him. Quaint seating is one thing - broken is something else.I did like the home-owned, non-chain feel, but it just wasn't that great.
4	How this place has less than four stars is a mystery to me. I have been 5 times and have taken out of towners here 2 out of the 5 and they all left saying it was yummy too. The El Presidential Especiale is a MUST - i order 86 the onions and add machaca/shredded beef. They are a simple yummy combination with their rice and beans. This is just straight up classic mexican food - not for the snobby. So if you want a more classy joint that's less authentic - hit up Z'Tejas cause this place is not for you. The hot salsa in the ketchup bottles is always a sign of a great mexican joint (and it's hot AND tastey - a combination not many get correct). I will say their chips can be a little on the less crunchy, more oily side but they are more than happy to replace that with some that are a little more to your liking. And their margs are delish as well. This place deserves a 4 because of consistency, friendly and accomodating atmosphere and just downright solid take on enchiladas - red sauce is spot on. Thanks Tee Pee for being our go-to for Mexican food in the Valley of the Sun!
1	Not sure what all the hype is about for this place.....Been here 2 times... Very average.... It seemed similar to Del Taco, but on a real plate.
4	Good ol' Tee Pee! Love their chimis and machaca  beef/cxn. Not a fan of the tamales. Love salsa, and TeePee's has decent salsa but ive had better. Still one of my fav places to take out of town guests!
4	I started going to TeePee in 1972 and, having moved away many, many years ago, when I visit Phoenix, I alway go back and, while others may complain about the decor, I get to step back in time. I used to go there for lunch while in high school. I loved the hamburger for 55 cents at the time. If you have a HUGE appetite, order the nachos.  I love the hot sauce in the ketchup bottle. I decided I wanted to have some sent to my house. $60 shipping and it wasn't the same so it must be a "walk down memory lane" thing. I still love it when I eat there. The margaritas are great. Ever since GW was a customer there, I do stay as far away from that booth as I can. I'd lose my appetite if I had to look at his picture (really, the only negative but what are the owners going to do? Say no? Kick him out?)  I hope they keep the same decor. It wouldn't be the same if it were to be redecorated.  My spouse, who did not grow up in Phoenix, likes the food. We always stay at the Phoenician but dine, at least once, at Tee Pee.
3	Waited about 10 minutes on a late, weekend night. Parking lot isn't huge so finding a spot can be a little difficult.Environment was part of the experience - It was relaxed with a very mixed crowd of college kids, older men in slacks and dressy couples from the Arcadia area. Booths look worn but were clean along with the tables.Had originally ordered two Margs from the bar, they were not made in time so the bartender brought them to our table (literally in the bar area). Wonderful Chips and salsa were brought to our table almost immediately upon sitting and the refill was prompt once our server noticed the empty bowl. Our server greeted us within 5 mintues, not talkative at all but in a good way. After ordering, our food came out in about the average wait time, enough to enjoy our drinks and converse. GF had the Chile Relleno and it was...unusual. Basically a plate of grease, cheddar, chile and a mound of "foam." They warn you before ordering that's it's not typical Chile Relleno so I cannot complain. I had a wonderful combo plate, served very hot and looking freshly made (no signs of sitting). Prices on drinks and food were reasonable and I would probably compare the food style to Serrano's or possibly closer to Garcia's in the East Valley.Overall, I'm pleased with my visit and may return.
4	Great food! Drinks were a little weak, but at least weren't crazy expensive. Definitely a Phoenix landmark that people need to check out...
4	chips and salsa are awesome!the food is just average.  nothing great and nothing horribly bad.the experience is different.  from the inside it looks and feels very old.  the booths are worn.  it feels very tight inside.friendly service.  we love going but not the best place.  lol.
5	Teepee is my go-to Mexican place in AZ...it's one of those places that makes me wish I still lived in Phoenix even though I hate the heat there!  I love the retro decor, the food is amazing (green enchiladas, all rice, no garnish, and a flour tortilla is the way to go), the drinks are tasty (and cheap, especially to an LA girl), and the staff is friendly.  I would recommend to anyone looking for delish Mexican food in the valley!
5	We are never in Phoenix for more than 24 hours without stopping at this world class Mexican restaurant. Where to start? Cheese crisps - for some reason they don't seem to exist outside of Arizona. Green corn tamales to die for. Chimichanga the size of a football. Guacamole is absolutely the best. We've been coming here since the 1970's. There was a time in the 1980s when they showed up in a guidebook and became too trendy, so we'd just have to take out. Now they're back to being a fine neighborhood spot.
3	The Tee Pee is a Phoenix institution started by the Duran family almost fifty years ago.It is a casual and informal tavern with a small dining area.Phoenix powerbrokers when entertaining President Bush chose the Tee Pee as one of a few local restaurants to entertain him.While perhaps not among the best of Phoenix`s Mexican restaurants it is very good.Among the dishes they do well is their chili relleno.Also noteworthy is their chimichanga.Chips and salsa would rate as average.It has changed very little in the last few decades but that is what makes it endearing to their regular clientele.
1	If there was a way I could give this restaurant NO stars, I might have.  The chips and salsa are the ONLY thing that requires a star here.The service was less than average, the food was hotter than the surface of the sun, and the drinks were teeny tiny (and didn't much taste like alcohol).  My husband ordered a green chile dish and it came smothered in red sauce, when he asked the waiter if it looked green or red, the server said, "nope that's what green looks like".  WOW!Sorry but I don't think I will be returning.
2	Meh.I had high hopes for this place. Hole in the wall look from the outside gave me hope that it was old fashioned charm, tried and true food and great service.We had heard good reviews so I am also suspicious that maybe we just had an off day?Our server seemed timid and confused...almost had to ask her to take our drink orders which was kinda strange. We had ordered ice tea and it was sour. When we mentioned it was old and had asked for something different, she said oh..ok, just one or both of you? Well.. its sour for both of us.. sooo.. :-/We waited about 25 minutes for a cheesecrisp-- not a big deal as we weren't in a rush. We didn't finish it however, because it was far too greasy. We had sopped up some of the grease but our stomachs said stopppp.. so we did. --Not before I had asked for pico and was brough a bowl of little onions. I said is this the pico? "Yes."They had two one stall restrooms (one in the dining and one in the bar) which were both full the entire time we were there-- with 2-3 people waiting outside of each.Not our ideal mexican food spot... Phoenix offers better choices.
5	This place was amazing the food was so yummy and the chips and salsa amazing ..Its a casual dining place you can tell its been around for a long time and that's whats good about it. It was packed when me and my husband went but that's how it is there all the time. People love real food and a real dining experience. Its not a big place but I think its worth it even if its small spot. The enchildas are to die for.
2	Unfortunately, this place doesn't do it for me.....and that seems to be the case for many other reviewers here.Four of us came here and ordered different things. Overall and thoroughly, the food quality and taste is just not particularly great. My mom actually, literally hated it.Service wasn't bad, decor kinda divey......Ironically, we were looking for a Mexican place and it seemed this was the first one we found after driving for a while. Phoenix is fairly close to Mexico and yet......(??).
1	The worst Mexican food I have ever tasted.  One drink and two places of cheese smothered something with no taste or flavoring at all.  $32.00.  The parking lot is full and can't imagine who is going there.  Just awful.  Nothing edible.  Do clients "just not know: WHAT MEXICAN FOOD IS !!!!!!! WARNING..DON'T DO IT.
4	Very good quality food and service. It is a great place to bring family and friends. Chips and salsa are fresh and the combination plates are always filling.
3	Been to this Mex place twice. I'm from the east coast to almost any Mex food in AZ is better than what we get out east. This place has decent food BUT the atmosphere is sort of crappy. Last visit there the waitress was like 2 years younger than God and sort of cranky. The food is excellent and cheap. Amazingly all kinds of celebrity types have found this place...and the reception area has dozens of pictures and autographs of famous visitors. Pretty cool place. Try it.
4	my co-workers rave and rave and rave about this place and how "cool and divey" it is, so i took my visiting brother there for a mid-week lunch. it does seem a little divey, but that's only because it's as much as sports bar in the front, and the celings are low and the lighting is low. the service was down-home and friendly, and it was filled with regulars. our server was nice and friendly and kept our water glasses filled. my brother opted for one of their lunch specials and his plate was massive. he ate so much i thought he would pop. i got the cheese and bean enchilada plate with beans and rice.it was good but honestly, and this isn't meant to be a negative, but it was just similar to a hundred other mexican restaurants i've eaten in here in phoenix. i would go back except it falls outside my "radius of convenience" and i'm trying to bike more and drive less and it's just harder to get to Tee Pee on my bike than the mexican place only a block away from my house. good food, good service. very popular with locals.
2	Being in the Phoenix area on business, several locals recommended Tee Pee.  Well, I have had better Mexican in Atlanta. The service was just ok and the munched raved about chimichanga arrived soggy on the bottom, sitting a retried beans and loosing its crispness.
3	According to Yelp, three stars is "A-OK" and that's exactly what this place is, OK. This place is the embodiment of okay. I have relatives in Phoenix and my wife and I treated them to an early dinner at this place when we came to visit. According to my cousin, this place has been around forever... restaurant longevity is impressive, the food here however, is not.My wife was craving guacamole (she always does) and it was bland and a bit watery. The enchiladas were almost good and the re-fried beans were fairly well seasoned. They were served super hot, which is a good thing in my opinion. The service was just below average. The staff was nice enough, but a bit slow and not as attentive as is necessary when you have a table full of people with refillable beverages. Hello! It's 110 degrees outside, of course we want refills on our icy drinks!Next time in Phoenix I doubt I will end up here again, but if I did, I'm sure it would be okay... just okay, okay?
1	This place should be listed under great local dive bar. Friendly service, cold beer, sports on the TV. As for the Mexican food? Just because it's in a store bought taco shell and there is rice and beans next to them does not make it Mexican food
3	I got the enchiladas and they were good. My husband got one fish taco and one chicken taco. He said the fish one wasn't that great, but the chicken was ok.
1	Not the worst Mexican food on earth, but it might be a contender in a few years.  If you like TexMex, interior Mexico or New Mexican food, you will likely not like this much.
3	Homestyle mexican food nothing fancy but tasty. Not too pricey. The steak meat in fajitas was kinda chewy but not bad .Salsa and guac are good. Generous portions. Full bar. Waiters are friendly and helpful. Wait for food is long but does get packed for dinners. Even then wait for table is usually never more than 10-15 minutes when I've been. No huge tables for groups but I see all different size parties in there all the time.
5	What's not to love? The TeePee is a great, old-time Phoenix restaurant where the food is hearty, fresh and well prepared, the staff is always friendly and prices are very reasonable. The total absence of corporate glitz and hype is very refreshing these days and makes me feel more like I'm among friends than just another unit served. When I go to the TeePee I know that I'll be treated nicely by the staff, have plenty of time to enjoy my meal and be able to escape the rushed pace of daily life.  It's among my favorite places.Highly recommend the special chile relleno, but everything is good.
4	Nice place to relax, have a margarita, and eat some ok food.
1	This place just flat out sucks. Terrible food (Taco Bell is better), rude and inattentive waiters, dingy, run down, and grossly overrated and overpriced. Will never go back again.
3	This place is adequate, and I like the huge iced teas, but the food is nothing special.  Everything is okay, and because it's so close I wound up eating at Tee Pee several times in the past few months-----but then I just stopped, because you can find better Senoran Mexican food than this.  The service is usually fantastic, and a lot of people must apparently like the vibe (bar?), but there are many mom and pop Mexican places in Phoenix that have superior flavors to this.  I've tried just about everything, but when you pay $11 and you just can't seem to find one menu item that rocks, you move on.
5	Went here this past weekend for a Boise State football viewing party and we couldn't have received better service. It was my first time at this restaurant and I had never heard of it so I was somewhat hesitant, but my trepidation was quickly pushed to the side. Apparently the owners have a relationship with the BS coach and did an exceptional job of taking care of all us. To my surprise, they provided us with plenty of free food and drinks, including some nachos that aren't even on the menu, in addition to taking pictures of us and giving us free t-shirts. They were extremely hospitable, the service was fantastic, and the good was great. I will definitely return and recommend others to check this place out.
4	The teepee is an arcadia neighborhood staple.  If you grew up anywhere around there, you went there as a kid.  It's not the best mexican food in town, but it IS the town.  The sour cream enchiladas are a feast of cheesy fat.  If i could eat them several times a week somehow without getting ginormously fat, i would!  They have killer margaritas... very strong.  The atmosphere is kind of like a dive bar.  I don't think the scottsdale crowd would get the appeal to this place... but it's the first place i go when i get back in town.The taped up booths and old fashioned menus make me feel at home.  If you want to drink like you grew up going there, try louis' lemonade...  but be prepared to stumble out!
3	Bad skinny margarita and just o.k. food. Not a fan
5	I have been coming here for as long as I can remember and I absolutely love this place! The chips and salsa is amazing and I love the fact that the salsa actually has a kick to it. The margaritas are always delicious and the service is always great. Whenever I have to go to Phoenix this is definitely the one place I stop by.
4	Nice little Mexican place with good and authentic food. Lots of parking and very good service.
1	I might go back to this place if I lived in Asia and had not eaten Mexican food in years.  How can a kitchen staffed with Mexicans cook such god-awful Mexican food?  Phoenix strikes again!  Can not figure this town out.
5	Fajita enchiladas are great.
4	Whenever I'm in Phoenix this is my first and last stop. If you want quality Mexican food, good bar scene and an overall cool place to hang out with good food, the teepee is your place! Fajitas are tasty! Oh and their chips and salsa do not disappoint...which should always be a staple for Mexican food!
4	We finally made it to TeePee after hearing about it for years. The staff is friendly, and for as crowded as it was on a MLK holiday, the wait wasn't bad at all. I had a shrimp fajita burro, which was very big and stuffed with the usual onions and peppers, but this one was a little better than most places as everything had been spiced. A lot of flavor with just a hit a chilis, not enough to make your nose run, so perfect for me.The level of noise was above average, but it was from people talking, not music or a tv.  Really had to yell across the table to be heard, but it seemed like everyone was having to.The waiter kept an eye on us and kept our drinks full, and with so many patrons, I have to give him a thumbs up. We'll be back.
4	Ok, I started out my first experience at Tee Pee's thinking this review was going to be not one of my favorites to write. I don't like to complain and as we waited to be seated, I just opened myself up to this famous local gem. I mean, there's a reason it's packed and everyone talks about it, and well, as you may already know or will know upon entering the building - GW Bush ate here so...whatever that does for you. Anywho - the place feels dive-y but it has it's charm. Reminds of places I loved as a kid. But it appeared clean, so I'm good. We waited awhile, but used the time to look at their menu on Yelp and decide so we didn't hold up the table too long. Sat, had the soggy chips too (as we saw other reviews said, and yeah, we were bummed). But chips are free, not gonna complain - we still ate em - whatever. But yeah - the food was bomb. I get it now. I had the Chicken Burrito and he had the Cheese Enchiladas. Great prices too for what you got, even the pitcher of classic margaritas that we split was only like $9 - dang. I definitely want to come back try some other dishes. We went to another local [Mexican] restaurant the following night that is favorited by locals but is [nicer] and more expensive - but hated it and wished we had just gone back to Tee Pee's (if that says anything to ya [ahem-Ticoz-ahem]).
3	I've had better fajitas, but overall it wasn't bad. The service was very good. Chips and salsa were good and the beer was cold. The only bad part was undercooked fish. One of my friends had the fish taco and as I said it was not cooked. Still cold in the middle. The waiter was very nice and took the meal off the check no questions. I would go back.
3	MMy mom and i stopped in here for dinner one evening. We had a friendly waiter. He asked us what we wanted to drink, and my mom and i debated weather we were going to have soda or Margaritas.  We eventually chose to have a pitcher of margaritas (poor guy had to stand there almost a whole minute because we couldn't make up our mind. Like mother like daughter) anyway, he came back & took our food order. I got a Taco. He came back & gave us our food. We asked if he had forgotten our pitcher. He said sorry and thought we decided not to order it. We clearly did and even told him we wanted strawberry not plain. We had already gotten our food by then and said forget it. He was apologetic. He came with the check and told us we had a little discount. My mom looked at it and found out he gave her the senior discount. Ha ha! My mom is 40 something and def doesn't look like a senior, but that was his way of giving us the discount. My mom was kind of like wtf... Lol but didn't mind the discount. It was a good effort on his part but she has a thing with her age. Anyway my moms dish was delicious. My Taco was okay. I've had better. It was just boring. Chips and salsa were good too. And i love free anything! Our waiter, bless his heart, was friendly and educated about the menu. It was fairly priced. The decor is kind of meh. it definitely needs a remodel. I hated the booths, the springs were broken in some spots. But if the food is good, I can over look all that. I will probably sit outside next time. It has a nice little patio area with tv's. The parking lot is ALWAYS crowded when I drive by, unless It's closed. Great sign, that's why we stopped in. I will have to go back to try the drinks and some other items on their menu. U wasn't very hungry when we went, that's why i only got a Taco. But I love some good Mexican food and def want to try other stuff. Place was busy when we went but had good and fast service. I'll be back and update this once I try more food!
5	went to TeePee while on vacation and looking for good mexican food. loved,  loved the ambiance of this place. and the food and margaritas were great!!
4	If you're like me, you typically go to restaurants for the atmosphere and food. Tee Pee is hands down the best Mexican food I've had in the Valley, don't let the lack of atmosphere deter you from this great little find.
1	Dont waste your time or money. Garbage food ... this place is a good dive bar at best. I cant believe they are still open.
5	So awesome!!!  We flew in from Atlanta,  Georgia. Not sure what to order it all looked so good.   One of the owners,  Jeff, suggested a combo plate with Nana's Chili Relleno, Green Chili Enchilada, a shredded beef Machaca Taco with rice and beans!  It was delicious, the  order was brought quickly on a steaming hot platter...and we had margaritas to top it off!   It was all so yummy!   Suggest you don't miss an opportunity to stop by and have a meal at Tee Pee Mexican Food Restaurant on Indian School Road.  You will find the food to be delicious and the service excellent!
1	This food is NOT MEXICAN, everything is grease and nasty with no flavor. This place is only good for drinking beer.
4	It was good mexican food, like I used to get when I lived in CA.
4	I love Mexican food, and am always on the hunt for another place to try. Oddly, I heard about Tee Pee via a news article when John McCain was in town -- apparently it's his fave place to eat in PHX. But it's Mexican food so off I went. Even though the place was hoppin' on a very rainy afternoon, I got a seat fairly quickly. The place is the epitome of "hole-in-the-wall" and "divey", but the food was awesome! I got a chimichanga and had the chips and salsa, which were all good. The service was pretty good. The place was loud, so I'm not sure that I'd recommend it for a date. Parking is tight, especially if they're busy. And it turns out I've driven by it on Indian School several times but had somehow overlooked it.
5	The burro is awesome.The green chili is awesome!
5	My boyfriends parents suggested we all go here. We live a few blocks away n never heard of it but agreed to go. It was quick to get seated and the server was great. Food came out at a good time and everyone enjoyed their food. The chips were good, salsa just alright. I had the chicken flautas w rice and beans and it was freaking delicious!!! Seating and parking were a little cramped but not really an issue. Would definitely go back!
2	Meh. It is just OK. Nothing to write home about and WAY overhyped. Don't really care how many celebrities have eaten there.
1	The bar has a great atmosphere and is  a far better place to eat than the claustrophobic dining room where you are in constant danger of banging into other diners and have to endure the shrine to Dubya cuz he ate here once.  I am mystified that there are lines and people that swear  by this place. The food is a joke.  Inedible, stale, chewy chips, bland salsa, maybe average enchiladas, lousy tacos, everything else fair at best, and all over-priced. Really, I hate this place. since I used to live only blocks away, I've tried it out a number of times. It is fairly consistent within a range--terrible to mediocre. don't be sucked in by the "history" or the lines or the opinions of  a bunch of folks who couldn't distinguish Mexican from Indian food. That said, the bar is worth a stop and the bartenders tend to be nice and you can even eat there if you must.
4	Excellent all around... Loved the old school atmosphere , seated right away (was Mother's Day) nice friendly service ... Texas Margarita was SO good (just wish it was bigger) Finally , BEST Mexican food I've had since moving here from SD .. Big portion (I coulda shared) .. When we got the check I even got a rose for Mother's Day :) the only reason for 4 star is I think the Margaritas could be bigger. Otherwise it's a great place and I WILL be back.
4	Hells yeah Tee Pee. When I want some Mexican food, this is the kinda place I want to go to. It's divey, it's cheap, and it's good. Also, you should order the Chile Relleno just to look at it and poke it with a fork. It looks like a brain made out of eggs.
2	To sum it up: I sat down where President Bush sat. The food was as awful as his tenure as president. Loved the ambiance though.
5	Favorite Mexican food in Phoenix, Arizona hands down.
4	Excellent enchiladas and tacos, great margaritas.  Best Mexican food in PHX.  Don't let the ambiance fool u.
4	I went to The Tee Pee last night for dinner and it was a great experience. I ordered the Original Tee Pee Special (one ground beef taco, one cheese enchilada, and one bean torta) and let me tell you, it was delicious!! I had a hard time finishing just half of my plate, but for 9 bucks it was worth it. The chips were good, and the salsa had the perfect amount of spice. And even though we went out to eat a little bit late, around 8 pm, the place was still packed. The waitress was really nice and everything came out quick and hot. Next time, I'll have to try the margaritas.Overall, if you want some good, cheap Mexican, give The Tee Pee a shot.
5	Best chimichanga Ive ever had and that's what I always get. The chile relleno is unlike any Ive had before, it seems more brakefastish to me, but still very good.
4	Ambiance: This place is great coming into when it's triple digit heat outside. It was nice and cool, low lighting, and love the booths.Food: We came here for lunch and I had one of the specials: one chicken enchilada with red sauce, rice, and beans. The plates come volcano hot, which I love, as they are very generous with the cheese and my favorite part is the crispy bits on the edges. For around $8, this is quite a bit of food, especially after the chips and salsa. I like how their chips are thin and light and their salsa is nice and chunky, not too hot.Service: very friendly and accurate service, she was a pro for sure.
1	This place was very good just 5 years ago!  NOW, Worst in the valley.  Chips are bad - they came to our table and looked double fried... just full of grease. We asked the server for fresh ones. He said that they only fry chips in the morning.  He said he should warm these up.....   He took the chips that we were picking at and put them into the fryer again....  gross and yuk! .. salsa is old and was setting on the table when we got there... as it was on every other table with no one there.  Ours had started fermenting. Over all just a real lack of caring here anymore.  Very sad... OH very sad!!   Won't every be back!
3	Positives: -serves beer in chilled glasses-awesome TVs & bar to watch sports-chips & salsa-clean, divey ambiance-above average serviceNegatives:-very inauthentic Mexican food, i.e. store bought taco shells-despite the great salsa, no good hot sauce-food delivered in skin melting heated plates Overall a good neighborhood sports bar that happens to serve so-so Mexican food. La Pinata is still the gold standard in Phoenix Mexican food.
1	ugh, this place. i had an ex-boyfriend who loved this restaurant, so i've eaten here more times than i can count-and let me tell you, this place sucks. straight up. it's gross and dirty inside and the servers always seem like they've got something better to do.i don't know how this is even a thing, but the chips are always, and i mean always, stale. they have this terrible rubbery taste and the salsa has no flavor.  chips and salsa are kind of my thing, so if you can't get that right it really sours me.as for food authenticity? no way are you getting that here. they use cheap meat that tastes like it's cooked in a microwave and looks like it too. they claim their chile relleno is "famous", but good god have they butchered it.  if you're eating here and you see a puffed up dish that looks like brains going by, there it is. ugh.  i really don't understand why this place is so popular when they have such awful food-you could get a better meal at taco bell. oh, and president bush loves it, so that should tell you everything you need to know.
5	My favorite place for Mexican for 30+ years. Machaca Chimichanga, Sonora Enchiladas(open faced enchiladas) and The Presidential(2 enchiladas, rice and beans) are all favorites.
3	The place is very old and comfortable, the staff friendly especially the bartenders who were very attentive, the beer was ice cold as well.  The food was average at best.  I ordered the Chili Releno's special and it was not edible, I had to use the chips (also average and mostly stuck together) to scoop out what I wanted to eat.  The peppers were like rubber.  Great bar, but the food is average.
4	went with a friend last night - short wait for a booth in the bar so we could watch baseball playoffs.  we both ordered machaca chimichangas and they were excellent.Tender tasty beef, good flavor refritos, good guacamole, excellent service, The chips were fresh, homemade, and served with a very good salsa; and we got a second bowl as soon as we asked.  TS had several margaritas and said they were excellent, I had straight Herradura Reposado.I just don't get the Haters on this place - I've been eating here since the early 1980's and the food is always good - some dishes are better than others; some nights are better than others.  That's life in the Big CityThis is just a neighborhood family restaurant; if you;re looking for artsy decorations, and mouthy iPhone tramps, and hipsters with ironic facial hair, go somewhere else and leave us regulars in peace in our Homie Heaven that's been serving up good Sonoran food for 55 years in the same place from the same family..
4	Okay, so this is a two-fold review.  The green chili chimichanga is one of the top plates in the state.  Almost other-worldly.  The service is very much hit and miss though....sometimes excellent, sometimes really poor.   Still, an institution in the valley and a top spot for great salsa, chimichangas, machaca, and spirits.
3	We go here sometimes when the boy is craving something homey Mexican. It's not my favorite place because I'm not a huge Mexican fan, but boyfriend likes it a lot and claims they have good food for him. I like that they are kind of divey and everyone is nice and accommodating. I usually get some Americanized version of Mexican and boyfriend is obsessed with burritos and everything. I can't remember the name of what I had but it's usually chicken with cream cheese. It's pretty good, not great. Boyfriend always clears his plate- clean plate club! I like their margaritas and generally like going there for drinks and some apps or something small. We will always go back since oh friend loves it but because I am not a huge Mexican fan I won't go here in my own (nothing against you guys it's just my personal taste).
5	Thanks so much for your support of Gregory's galactosemia fund raiser. Thanks to your generous donation and compassion, we raised $3,500 toward the the fight against this metabolic disorder. You guys are the best!
5	Great food and service! First time in the area and was recommended by hotel staff. Will definitely stop there again when I pass through!
4	I live next door to the TeePee. I've only lived here a year but I've fallen in love with the place. The service is hit or miss, the chips are at times stale, but it's a neighborhood staple. I don't go out to eat to nitpick everything apart in order to leave a scathing yelp review. I go out to enjoy myself. Go to TeePee with plenty of time, enjoy the greasy Mexican food and cheap margaritas, and keep the stick outta your ass. Otherwise don't come here. That way there's a booth for me.
4	The Tee Pee's been around since the 1950's and there's a reason why.Their dishes are some of the best in the valley in my opinion.Not all of them, but certainly their stuffed chile rellenos and green chile dishes. One of their boastful claims is how former President GHW Bush visited on at least one occasion, evidenced by their naming a menu item in his honor;  'The President's Plate'.This leads me to wonder if Bush was laid-up the next day with a severe case of red-ass, and if that led to any world war-type events. I know the day after my birthday celebration I was shittin' razor blades, and god help anyone who came in contact with me that day. So I can see where Bush might be all; "Oh yeah, Cheney? Well I'll show that piece o' shit Saddam what swift American justice looks like. Someone get me a red button to push, STAT!!!Oh, and wet wipes too-somebody PLEASE get me some wet wipes-fast! "I'll teach Saddam Hussein a lesson he won't forget anytime soon."Anyway, if you like Sonoran style Mexican food, but more importantly, hot Mexican, try Tee Pee.
2	This was my second go-round here at Tee Pee Mexican Food, and this time wasn't that much different. I realize that this is a historical venue and has been around for a very long time. Great. The wait at lunchtime on a weekend before Christmas was not too bad. Our wait staff was quick and friendly. The salsa was very flavorful, but the bowl of chips (while hot) were some of the smallest and most broken-up chips we have ever seen. My green corn tamale came cold. Yes, cold. And the rice and beans were average. Hubby's carne asada burrito was better than my tamale but it wouldn't take much to get there. If you're desperate, come for the salsa and margaritas or a cold beer. But, that's about it.
3	If you are over 60 and love George W Bush, theyn you have found a home. Ok food, but a big deal for older locals.
1	Not sure what all the hype is about for this place.....Been here 2 times... Very average.... It seemed similar to food from Del Taco, but on a real plate. Anyone who gives this place 5 Stars, really doesn't know what real Mexican Food is.
2	This place reminds me of a push up bra. A lot of hype and build up only to find just boobs underneath. Or in this case, JUST Mexican food. I mean... The food is good. Like all Mexican food places. It's all cooked by Mexicans so howMuch better can one place be over another? Tiny tables. Loud as hell. Dated decor. Decent value on the food unless you ask for a side of sour cream. HOLY BALLS!! $2.75 for a side of sour cream?! Really!!!? I don't give a rats ass if every president that's still burning oxygen has eaten there... It really is like..."meh" if you ask me.
5	Amazing food! Went there for my first time and food was fresh. I'm a huge fan of Mexican food & have had a lot but this place is awesome! The service is great & fast but the seating is not quite roomy. Although it didn't stop me from enjoying my food!
1	Food has really gone down hill. The machaco tacos used to be amazing. You expect a serious taco when they're charging over $5.00 for a single taco. And they used to be that good. Not anymore. Mine had a minuscule amount of beef. Essentially a prefab taco shell with no more than 2 ounces of meat. Pathetic! Really sad to see. My family and friends have been going to Tee Pee for over 40 years. No longer. In a misguided  attempt to increase profits, Tee Pee has lost a lifetime customer. Adios
1	Food has really gone down hill. The Machaca Taco used to be amazing. You expect a serious taco when they're charging over $5.00 for a single taco. And they used to be that good. Not any more. Mine had a minuscule amount of beef. Essentially a prefab taco shell with no more than 2 ounces of meet. What a disappointment from what they were in the past. Pathetic! Really sad to see. My family and friends have been going to Tee Pee for over 40 years. In a misguided attempt to trim costs, Tee Pee has lost several lifetime customers. Adios
5	Quintessential dive-y Mexican restaurant.  My family has been going here for 20 years (gosh, that makes me sound old) and it's just as good as it always was.  Don't expect any frills (like ANY), but do expect some tasty good.  I always get the machaca beef plate and I'm never disappointed.  TIP: if you're going on a weekend, get there early or be prepared to wait!
4	Ok, so let me preface this by saying, no one likes this place but me, my uncle from Indiana, and the one childhood friend I still have who grew up in Arcadia.I know, what an endorsement.It's an institution. It's been around forever. It is not healthy in any way, shape or form. It is fat kid heaven. It is a sour cream, enchilada, lard-loving, cheese explosion, saucy dream of a Mexican dive that I will never stop going to. This place has lasted for a reason. P.S. If you want a skinny margarita, you are in the wrong place (although, all you have to do is ask). Why do people not get that most margaritas are a just a shitty mix? Spend the money on the Cadillac and stop being so cheap.
2	Very average at best.  Lots of history in this place,  but I don't know what all the buzz is about.   There are just to many much better alternatives.
5	Love this place!  The food is consistently delicious, the service is always quick and polite, and it is very reasonable.  We come here at least once a week and it is one of my favorites in the Arcadia neighborhood.  There is a reason it has been around for years, it's fantastic! :)
1	Margaritas?  How about a glass of lime kool-aid with mezcal instead?  Oh yeah, eat the worm too so you're at least in a position to consume less of the steaming hot mess they bring out on a plate.  What'd you order again anyway?  That's right it all looks the same at this dump.  Melted piles of "processed cheese food", the whitest of shredded lettuce you can find and brown or dark brown meat.  Yummmm...Chips and salsa, you say?  Man, I remember when Chi-Chi's hit my hometown and chips and salsa was something new.  Rewind the track to the 80s when they bring out the chips and salsa but leave the flavor behind.  Maybe that's where the jars of Chi-Chi's salsa went and this place even took the time to add water and wipe the salt off the chips.Wow!  George W. Bush sat here?  The claim to fame is he ate here and his picture was on the wall near my booth.  The worst President of all time sat at my booth?  Did he make my enchiladas too?  I blame America that this place is still in business.This place is terrible...  It's possible the sign should say Pete's which is another place to avoid.I vote to widen Indian School to add two westbound lanes just to put this place out of business.  If you do visit, stop and get some T.P. on your way home.
2	Just ate at TeePee, lets see. The place from the ourside looks a bit shady. Inside its dim lit and if you look around, you'll notice it is not the cleanliest. I ordered the chicken enchilada, i figured you cant go wrong with that. As the server brought out the dishes for my coworkers, i noticed the rag that held the hot plate dipped into the cheese as the dish was placed on the table, this happend to two of the dishes. But the waiter was just oblivious. My dish was flooded with cheese, somwhere beneath it be the enchilada. I figure ok, its a bit much on the cheese, no big deal, ill focus on the actual wrapped goods. As I opened up the enchilada, i noticed there was a good size layer of cheese on top of the actual chicken. To be honest, I think I ate three small pieces of bite size chicken bits. The rest was just flooded with cheese. By the end of the meal, i had enough cheese left over to make a happy face for the waiter. Bummer, I should have taken a pic for your enjoyment. Overall, I will never eat here again, there are lots of other restaurants on my list waiting to be discovered. I give TeePee a sad face. I should have listened to my co-workers warning, never eat at a joint that has a drunk bull as their logo.
5	Cadillac margarita!!  Just do it!!
5	Great food one of my favorite places to go with the family
4	I love this place. Always crowded and loud , casual, great Mexican food (for Phoenix) at reasonable prices. This food is close to tex-mex which is what I prefer. Can't go wrong with the Tee Pee Special or the Presidential Special. Nice patio out front. Good chips and salsa when you sit down. Cold beer and margaritas. What's not to love?!
4	Ah Tee Pee ... my family has been Tee Pee patrons for four generations now.  A city staple, Tee Pee has good Mexican fare and has been around for decades; visited by some of the nations better known population. And the fish tacos are amazing. Definitely worth trying if you haven't found yourself in one of their booths before.
4	Great service.  Food is good, but some items are a bit too spicy for kids.  I suggest asking for the enchilada sauce to be dialed back if kids order it.  Salsa is spicy too.
4	Back in the 80's I worked down the street at Old New York and lived across the street at Villa Manana.  I enjoyed coming here with friends and co-workers, sharing pitchers of Margaritas and trying my first Chimichanga.  Fast forward 30+ years and this place is now more of the occasional, sentimental stop.  The chips and salsa are yummy, house $3 Margs are rather tasty compared to many other restaurants house Margaritas.  Listen, I'm really picky about such things.  I don't want syrup and flavor on ice -tasteless, expensive, and lacking that kick that takes the edge off of the day.Lunch was tasty and really satisfied my desire for a taste of the past.  I had the Red Chimichanga, which comes with sour cream AND guacamole.  Other restaurants charge extra but here it's already included.  Two thumbs up.Service was just okay.  Kinda slow but always courteous and professional.Overall a very positive experience.We'll continue to make our visits here at the TeePee part of our random routine.
4	Love this place! Great cheese crisp, actually it's the best in town. I love the salsa! My go to dish is the chicken fajita burro, enchilada style, side of rice. This is not the place for table side  guacamole or exotic tacos. It's good old, greasy spoon Mexican! Enjoy!!
3	This locally own restaurant has been a part of Arizona for as long as my parents can remember. Our own George W Bush visited this establishment on his stop in Arizona (The booth is immortalized by a plaque and newspaper clippings) I want so badly to love this place. The decor is adorably kitschy, and full of historical mementos .  The booths are small and cramped, but they made restaurants smaller in those days. The wait staff is always running, always efficient and very friendly. Even on the busiest of nights. The food is fair. Nothing spectacular. Chips are usually stale, but they're free. My last visit I had a cheese and onion enchilada and a taco. The shredded beef was very wet and greasy but the flavor was okay. All in all, I will continue to visit, because I love the vibe. Also their margaritas are good and strong. Maybe I will do better with a burrito?
5	I have lived in Phoenix for many years and had never tried this well known institution. I had lunch there yesterday. This place has been there I think over 50 years. I ordered the individual Mexican Pizza with Beef Machaca. So good, loaded with lots of goodies to include guacamole and sour cream...The place is small and old looking but it adds to the charm. There is a patio outside to eat at also. I remember that President Bush ate here along with many stars. nice and casual, and the prices are very reasonable. great parking too.
4	Came here around brunch time and ordered the breakfast burrito with shredded chicken. It was flavorful and authentic! Also ordered a couple margaritas and a couple Micheladas (Michelob and Clamato juice) during the meal which complemeted the Mexican flavors nicely! I will be going back on my next visit to Phoenix!
2	I was excited about this place after doing a search for "best chimichanga in Phoenix" on Google, but it didn't live up to my expectations.I ordered the carne asada chimi but part of me wonders if that's what I got.  I couldn't taste much of the spices, especially the cumin.  There were also some sauteed onions inside so part of me wonders if I got the fajita chimi on accident.  There just wasn't much taste to the meat which made the chimi average overall.The rice looked fine, but it had a burnt taste to it.  Maybe something happened with the broth?  I love beans smothered in cheese but there just wasn't much taste to either of them.  After a few minutes on the plate it hardened up and needed to be cut into sections by a fork.A couple of bright spots....  The salsa is good, both the regular and the hot.  They bring you a massive bowl of chips to snack on.  The waiter, I can't remember his name, was friendly and outgoing.  Also, I tend to like to overall feel of these kinds of places.  Not too fancy and looks old school.One last thing....  I went there on a Saturday mid-afternoon and the bar section was completely hopping.  I'm not sure what that was about but my guess is that if you're looking for a place to put back a few on a Saturday then try Tee Pee.  I just can't recommend the food.
5	I just had a shrimp taco and carne asada enchilada that blew my mind. I'm currently in a post delicious meal nirvana/coma. So good.
4	Excellent Mexican food, clean and decent prices for the amount of food.  Will definitely be returning.
4	My wife and I love the food especially the nachos yum....BUT I think they need to upgrade the tables....I'm a big guy and I could hardly fit in the booths and anywhere else I fit in fine....then they ask if you want a chair to sit on the edge and you feel like a fat a$$ haha.....so upgrade and I'll come back!!!
5	I love this dive. Its divey in the I just lost me house and my wife left south Arcadia sort of way.Food is greasy and tastes like Mexican by way of white folks. I love it. killer salsa. like I would kill for it.there is a local yelper named rhombus? I need to meet this rhombus.Reviewer Marc C keeps coming back. way to hang in there, kiddo.
2	I've had fun here with friends out on the patio and enjoyed margaritas and chips and dip. But for a meal? No thank you. It's nothing worth writing home about - greasy, unseasoned "Mexican" food without a lot of jazz.
4	The customer service here is great! The atmosphere is retro and cozy. The food is good and big proportions. I had the wrong dish come out for me and they were so good about getting me the right plate and they let me take home the wrong dish and didn't charge us. The kids menu is awesome, big servings for kids and super low price. I haven't found my perfect dish there yet but we will be going back!
5	I had my first "on the rocks" marg just out of high school (down the street) but you have remember the drinking age was 19.  For a while I was going to one of those "street-corner-out-of-the-styrofoam-to-go" places and realized for TWO dollars more I could have something that was supposed (and deserved) to be served on a real plate.Consistency I can attest too for almost 40 years.  Not much in Phoenix lasts that long but something kept me in the neighborhood for this long...
3	Food s good after all these yearsI had chicken soup for my cold and it was goodLike the guacamole too
4	When I visit Phoenix, its mexican food or bust. A friend recommended this place to me so off we went. I am a fan of alcoholic beverages, so a few margaritas before dinner seemed about right. I was not a huge fan of the margaritas... way too sweet for my liking. But i came here for the food: The enchilada was fantastic. I also had the tacos which were relatively small but very good flavor. We went toward closing time so we were one of the only tables there. The chimichanga for me was the best item on the menu. The guacamole seemed fresh and made in house (didnt confirm that) and the flavors were poppin'.One of the better mexican restaurants i went to while visiting Phoenix. I would definately return.
2	I've never understood why this place is always busy.  The flavors just aren't there----it's sort of Mexican food that works in a pinch but never delivers superb recipes.  The service has always been fantastic----they train the staff really well.  George Bush ate here and you can order what he ordered----it's a menu item combo.....
5	Delicious food, amazing service.. Definitely can't live without teepee! The house margarita just gets better and better!
4	Food is serviceable to good (love their chips and salsa, beans taste like they're made from scratch and not out of a can, garnishes freshly cut)...  Service and atmosphere are great though and keep me coming back..  The weekday bartender is really friendly and I like having a couple of drinks with lunch at the bar.  I'm sure there's more authentic Mexican food out there but this place is really good for what it is.
1	Very disappointing. I have been at customer for 45 years. Moved to San Diego 30 years ago and always make TP my stop when I am back in Phoenix. This visit was extremely disappointing. Food was cold bathroom next to the kitchen was loaded with roaches staff just not very friendly ...very very disappointed in the quality and service declining at this location.Guess it's time to go to the second favorite growing up in Phoenix Manuel's on my future visits.
3	Just OK. Went for lunch and decided to try one of their Lunch Specials. Green Chile Beef Burro. Their Chips are basic and a bit boring. Salsa was the same. The Burro was a bit of a sloppy mess and lacked flavor. The Beans were soupy and rice was just decent. Service was great. Not a place I'd go out of my way to go back to, but would consider giving it another try to see how they do on their other dishes. Nice little outdoor seating area.
