5	Have been going here forever. Fairly standard place, but have never screwed up any of my clothes. Fair prices, and the owners are super nice. And its next to a Starbucks! BONUS!
3	I had an alteration. Nothing special. They got the job done. I thought the price may have been a little high but I didn't really shop around. It was just the closest place to my house.
2	I was in the area so I tried out royal cleaners. A bit pricey I think.....the 2 out of 3 pairs of shorts I had them repair (buttons) have came off again. Being that they weren't cheap I expected a much better job
4	Very prompt and clean.  Basic good service is all I need when it comes to dry cleaning and repairs.  They got a couple very bad stains out, which I thought might be impossible.  Maybe a little pricey, but being right next to Starbucks kind of makes up for this!  And they have a talking register, which is pretty cool too.
1	Went here for the first time because they had the 1.95 mens shirt special. Will never take my dry cleaning back to this cleaner. Went in to drop off my dry cleaning and they gave me a receipt with the charges. Then went to pick up the cloths and the charges on my first receipt had been calculated wrong by $20 and they would not honor the first receipt. Bad business if you want a customer to come back. One of the short sleeved shirts was charged as a sweater because it was a heavy cotton material ect. I will be going back across the street to my orginal dry cleaner.
1	I've had this place clean my suit for awhile now, so last week I decided to bring in a wool sweater of mine in also. Big mistake. I got the sweater back and initially it looked fine, but today when I went to put it on I discovered it had 8+ holes in it! I will be taking this to the owners, and most likely never coming back here again.
5	Fast, friendly and does a great job. Been coming here for years and had no issues. Location is nice since it's next to Starbucks and the U.S. 60. Highly recommend for people in the area looking for s new cleaners
