4	I am not a fan of olives, but I am most definitely a fan of Bread and Olives!I popped in later this afternoon for a wee brew and can report their nibbles looked delicious. Selling a range of good quality Mediterranean fillings, fresh little cartons of locally sourced milk and some chilled ginger beers, it's a great stop off for a healthy, continental snack. They sell a number of pre-prepared and create your own sandwiches, and their mix of roast veg looked lovely. Their breakfast menu looked tasty, with everything from toast to porridge on the menu. They also had a small deli selection adorning their shelves which included garlic cloves and Tea Pigs bags. I don't know where the pig in Pig Tea comes from but they sure looked nice.The girl working today was relaxed and very friendly, a damn sight chipper than most uptight coffee shops I've been to recently! Lovely. With their rustic bread and bohemian cafe feel, I would definitely go back for lunch. They also do outside catering; a tasty option for weddings and other special occasions!
4	Like Marj, I'm also not a fan of olives, everyone always tells me that they're an acquired taste, but no matter how many times I try them, I still can't force myself to like them. Like Marj, I am a huge fan of this dinky little deli; Bread and Olives, it's great!Whenever I have popped in the staff are always friendly and seem to genuinely enjoy their job. I'd love it too if I was surrounded by such yummy food all day and would love to sample everything on offer. I've been in a few times now and I've pondered over what to go for for ages, there's just so much to choose from. Tasty salads, meats, cheeses and other delicious sandwich fillings and they also have a great range of juice boxes too.The whole store is very healthy and if you're looking for a light bite then head along to Bread and Olives as you won't be disappointed.
5	Edinburghs best sandwich shop? I am yet to find one better!Artisan bread, continental selection of meats and cheese......always going to be a winner with me to be honest!What I really love is their daily specials, from butternut squash risotto to lasagne to masaka, they come up with some great food to get you through lunchtime.Operating as a deli they also have some great biscuits, cake and other special snacks that will have you happily muching all afternoon!!
