5	HGVC is my families favorite place to stay while on vacation in Vegas. It's conveniently located next to the much larger Hilton Hotel which is within walking distance. I personally like the low key quiet environment of this location because it's great for families and persons wanting to go nuts at night and causal relaxed in the day with a lay at the pool or ping pong on the 1st floor. Parking is not gated outside but every time I've stayed here I've seen a security guard strolling around the parking grounds. The staff is very nice but never forget anything in your room because we left about $400 worth of jewelry in the room dresser only to later find out the room was cleaned and nothing was turned in.. =(Besides that minor incident I still feel the one staff member that wasn't honest enough to turn it in doesn't represent Hiltons great service. I've stayed here close to 8 times and hope they keep up the great work because this place is a real gem!
4	I stayed here for my friends birthday and it was really a good time.  The rooms are wonderful and have a full kitchen so you can bring your own stuff without worrying which was nice for us.  Also, there are foods in the grill/market area on the 1st floor which you can bring to the room and microwave/cool in the oven.  I really liked that the parking lot is RIGHT in front of the hotel so you don't have to travel far to get to your car like some of the hotels in the area.  All in all, great place to stay while we were in Vegas.
5	The rooms were recently redone and are very nice.  The pool is a bit larger than the pictures would lead you to believe, and there are two hot tubs (at least one of which should be hotter).  Being able to park right outside the hotel is very nice and convenient, and you are only about a five minute walk to the LVH, though that place does not have a poker room so if you want to play poker you will have to walk 15 minutes to the Stratosphere or a little less to the Riviera.  The kitchen was well equipped and the staff was friendly.  Free pool and ping pong give the kids something to do.
