2	My experience at Glossy Nails was nothing special. I wanted the standard $20 spa pedicure, and the standard I received.It's set up the same way as any typical nail salon: six pedicure chairs line one wall, four manicure stations line the other, and there's a sink in the back. I walked in and was immediately directed to one of the pedicure chairs. The chair wasn't overly comfy, and the massage feature was kind of weak. I wasn't offered a magazine...oh well. The pedicure was okay. All of the employees wear rubber gloves during your service, which is great for sanitation purposes; however, having a leg massage with these gloves really sucked.  Lotion-ey gloves felt condom-like on my legs...I don't know how else to describe it. My toes are nicely polished, but it wasn't a very memorable experience.  I had to ask for my bottle of nail polish back, and the woman who did my nails asked me how much I was going to tip her...I guess they don't have their credit card machine set up for the tip amount on the receipt.  I've had much better.
1	I've had WAYYYY better experiences. We chose this place based on their location to the Salt River Fields for Spring Training.We called ahead of time to see if they could handle 3 pedicures & 1 manicure at the same time. They said "Yes, come on in." Um, no. There were only 3 ladies working, and one was already busy. What should have been a 45 minute trip to the nail place, ended up being an hour and half!The ladies here are not friendly, and they are slow. My toes look like I could have painted them myself. They severely lack color options for regular polish and gel. The space is average -- clean and newer pedicure stations, but the seats were not very comfortable. I would not come back again nor recommend to a friend.
1	Poor customer service- I called ahead of time to make an appointment. She told me to come in there was not a wait. I get there 10 minutes later and she tells me I now have to wait a half hour since they got busy in those 10 minutes. Wasn't that the reason I called ahead. I will not be returning.
1	I'm in the market for a good place to become a regular so I tried here its close to where I work so I tried. I went in for a pedi and a gel mani and a brow wax, with my friend who also wanted all the same services besides the wax we were both seated at the same time starting with our pedis.My experience - the Woman who did my pedi was great talked, and friendly she was great. I stand all day and it showed on my feet, she removed every callus and did everything that went with the ultimate pedi polished my toes great! Then the ladies switched my lady went to do my friends gel mani and I went to do my brows with the lady that had just worked on my friend, she took me in the back rudely told me to hurry up and lay down, despite the fact that my friend and I were the only two there, she did my brows quickly and burned me with the wax I told her and she put cooling gel on the area and then rushed me out to start my gel mani, she told me to chose a color I asked if they had more because they are very limited, anyways I pick and she dose everything and starts to put the gel on and gets it all over on the sides of my nails and still try's to tell me to stick my hand under the light I tell her about the mess and ask her to fix it, she tells me no it will be ok, I repeat myself and she yanks my hand and scrapes away the gel with her nail and I've never been hurt by that before but she hurt me then says now better while rolling her eyes she dose the other side and the same thing after two coats I want it a bit darker so I ask for one more coat and she tells me " no, I don't want to use it up" I insist so she does after sighing and rolling her eyes again and they are done.My friends experience- the woman who did her feet was asking about her old polish and why she would chose that color (it was dark silver with a white flower) she told her I had a big date and it matched my dress.. The woman says "oh its just an ugly color". This woman hurt my friend by stabbing under her big toe nail when she was suppose to be cleaning under it. She told the woman and the woman did not even apologies but said "oh but you moved" anyway she did everything and polished her toes, she asked the woman for a flower and the woman rolled her eyes, but did it. And then the lady that had just finished my pedi went to do my friends gel mani, she was done by the time had finished my brows But she said she was nice and told here about the shop and talked about random things.When we were all done we went to the mirror that lines the wall and to show each other the work, and I wanted to look at my brows again they kinda hurt, when I got to the mirror I realized my gels were horrible bumpy and didn't completely cover my nails in some places and in others were still in the outter edges of my nails. And I looked at my friends toes and her design was kinda smudged and looked really cheap It didn't look like a flower but a little bush on her toe, my friend said I know I don't like it either but wouldn't say anything about it. Then I looked into the mirror to look at my brows and realized right away why they hurt she had not only burned me but torn off my skin in the process! I was very upset and spoke to the lady that did them about it and asked her to remove it from the bill she refused, I ended up paying for them anyways, I,looked at my toes kinda expecting the worse after seeing my nails but my toes were great and my friends gels were perfect! When I went to pay it was 80 something not bad of a price but I only had a large bill so I handed it over and waited for my change , the lady (the same lady that burned me) said " and I keep the change?" I told her no I want my change. She sighed and rolled her eyes but gave me my change I tipped my pedi lady, and gave the other lady half the amount. My friend took care of her tip, and the great pedi lady said goodbye and the one that burned me walked away without another word sighing as she went.My friend later told me that the rude lady , the one that did her feet and my gels and my brows was the MANAGER of the store, that's what my pedi lady was telling her when she did her gels! This made me even more upset and at all the bad complaints I had and told her about from the manicure to the wax burn to the torn skin , and she never once said anything I'm defiantly not looking for a hand out or anything but I've worked in the customer service industry for a few years now and I would never treat my customers the way she treated us! Even a simple I'm sorry would have sufficed! SO all in all I would not recommend this place to anyone yes the lady that did my pedi was great but I can't remember her name so i wont go back and i do not want to go to any establishment were the manager is rude and has bad customer service!
