3	Quite an interesting experience, unlike almost all Indian & Pakistani places I've been to in my life, this was pretty much the only one where food was plated in such a way as to evoke Top Chef. The food came on (square I think) plates rather than in dishes and the presentation was excellent. The food was good, not quite what I was used to but ok. Those of you without traditional desi tastes will be more pleased I think but that's just my opinion. We ordered the tandoori platter and for the first time it came on plates, not sizzling. We asked about that and it seems to be a cost and ease decision, just FYI if that's your favorite. I would recommend the lentil soup and pappadums most. The two are filling enough for a meal. What made the largest and best impression though was the courtesy of the owner's son - politeness, friendliness, response time - can't be beat.
5	Incredibly good for casual dining1. the flavors are exceptional2. the menu is very inexpensive3. they were realistic about the heat of the dishesI loved the mango juice which complimented the spiciness of my chicken vindaloo very nicely. It reminded me of eating in NYC, which is perhaps the best compliment I can give as an east coast transplant.
3	This review is for the lunch buffet here at India's Grill.  The restaurant is nice inside, modern looking with it's "open pipe" ceiling, such as is popular around here right now.  Soft Indian music played in the background, & both booths & tables are available for seating.My server brought over plenty of hot, seasoned Naan bread as I went for some of their vegetable soup, to find that only tiny bowls were available to get some of it in!  Not only that, the soup spoons, at least the one I was given, were just the opposite...huge, almost serving spoon size!Back at the booth, the table was too far away.  If you pulled it in to be the right distance out on one side, you could drive a Mahindra truck through on the other side without running over Desirupa's feet!  Then, back over at the serving table, some of the foods were labeled & some not.Ok, so 2-Stars & we're out of here, right?  Well, not so fast.  For one, the soup in the thimble ...ur, tiny bowl, was delicious!  The salad actually had SALAD DRESSING available for it (which is amazing for an Indian buffet)!  The temperature of everything was about right, the foods weren't too soupy, as they sometimes are at these places, & the taste of everything was excellent for the most part, if a little salty.  They do fix it real spicy here, so if you come, leave the kids at McDonald's & keep your glass of water (& a forehead napkin) close at hand!Lunch Buffet $8.95 includes hot Indian style tea.
2	Wow - I didn't think you could mess up Indian food this badly!  I came here after a quick glance at the reviews here - so I was optimistic. We arrived late - only two other tables occupied, so I realize I was pushing my luck on 'fresh cooked' ... we stuck to basics.  The papadums arrived and they were good - 4 stars for this .... not freshly cooked, but crispy and not oily.  We ordered the chicken tandoori, a paratha bread, and some appetizers. The appetizers were dry and powdery but let's just ignore those. The paratha bread looked freshly prepared, and had a decent texture, but tasted like it has been cooked in oil that had been used and abused way too much (I'm all for tasty oil ... this was just weird). The taste was awful.  But the Tandoori chicken was the worst.  The chicken arrived with 'stuff' piled on top of it - tomatoes, onions, some kind of 'sauce' I guess - so the chicken was all goopy and wet, not the texture you expect for something supposedly taken straight out of a super-hot oven.  My guess is, they didn't want to fire up the tandoori oven, so just microwaved a bunch of chicken pieces and dumped some stuff on top.  I drove all the way from Scottsdale at 9pm on a Friday night for this ... :(I was born / raised in England, and now reside primarily in the Bay Area (home to many Indians!) so I feel like I know what a good Indian meal should taste like!
4	I was in town visiting my family and we stopped here to try it. The owners used to live next to my parents, we have been meaning to try the place so we did. The food and service was excellent. The selection was great and I do like that you can see the kitchen from the dinning room. That's always comforting for a patron. The dishes we enjoyed were:The Vegetable Samosas- awesome! Garlic & Paneer Naan - The Garlic Naan is sooo much betterChicken Tandori - Great FlavorChana Masala- GreatVegetable Biryani- GreatBaigan Bharta- Awesome!They also provide an awesome spicy green sauce that goes great on everything. If you are a fan of Indian try this place. If you are looking for something different, try this place. I will be back.
4	Have been here several times, both for the lunch buffet and dinner. Service can be a little slow (generally a pretty quiet restaurant), but the people working there are more than polite. Overall, I think the food is very good -- especially like the chicken tandoori, butter chicken and the fresh-cooked naan.
4	Our first experience with Indian cuisine, and we will go back.  We explained that it was our first time when we came in and the staff was supremely understanding and took their time telling us what was in the food.  There is a great selection of vegetarian dishes.  The menu is reasonably priced. (just under $30 for naan, 2 entrees, and dessert)  We never had empty water glasses.  We really enjoyed the food.  Can't say what it's supposed to taste like because we've never had Indian before tonight, but we can say that we really liked our dishes.  The garlic naan was YUM and the Malai Kofta I ordered was easily made without onions (upon request) and my husband's food was spicy enough for him that he didn't complain about it being weak.  Dessert was not up my alley, but hubbie happily finished eating my portion! We'll go back, and we'll take people with us when we do.
5	Nice atmosphere, fantastic service and more importantly flavorful and delicious food! We had the chilling chicken and garlic naan. This is quite possibly the most delicious Indian I have ever had. Highly recommend!
4	great food.  been here twice and have liked everything i have eatin.  last time i couldn't decide and asked the waiter to pick something for me and surprise me.  whatever he picked was great, lots of taste and very filling.  service is great, they all take good care of you.
4	This place is wonderful!!! Fantastic service(they explain things for those of you who are new to indian food) better than any other indian place I have tried and I have tried ALOT. Open kitchen so you can see them cooking and the place was very clean. The Garlic Naan is a must try! My Husband is not a fan of indian food but he enjoyed the Tandori Mixed Grill and the Kema Naan. We will be going back for more soon.
4	I really enjoyed the food. They provide a nice selection and the price is great. The atmosphere was a little lacking, but the staff was very nice. My husband didn't care for it, but he's not a big fan of Indian food. I will absolutely be back for the garlic naan...yum!
4	Really REALLY enjoyed the buffet at this place! Good stuff and all quality ingredients. We tend to eat at a lot of Indian places and this place is definately quality for Arizona.
5	We discovered this place about six months ago via Restaurant.com after trying virtually every other Indian restaurant in Gilbert, Chandler and Mesa and not finding one that stands up to the great Indian food we had when we lived in the Bay Area.This is by far the best here and comes closest to the amazing Indian food we enjoyed in California.  The Chicken Tikka and Chicken Tikka Masala are outstanding, as is the Naan bread.  The Chana Masala is quite good, too.We only order off the menu (haven't tried the buffet) and I've now been back dozens of times, and have taken friends and family. They all agree this is the best they've had here in the Phoenix area.Service is decent as well (nice family that runs it).  Oh, and if you're worried that Indian food is too spicy for you, just ask them to make it "super mild"...they are able to get it right and make it so I can eat it (and I don't like spicy food at all).
3	I may bump this place up to 4 stars on my next visit.  The presentation was very good, the food smelled great, the service was very good.My criticisms are that the mixed grill was mostly overdone.  Not so much that it was bad, it was very flavorful.  But the shrimp was chewy and the lamb was overdone as well.The garlic naan was awesome.  The chicken tikka was very flavorful and was very different than other places I've had it.The portion on the naan was great, less so on the tikka and the mixed grill.The place has a nice, open layout and features accents of broken plates worked into the columns and other areas.
3	it was good
4	I have only eaten here twice with some friends and family. I can say this though, the chicken vindaloo was amazing. I ordered it spicy the way god intended it; awesome! If you're a novice don't even try to order spicy though, you'll die. Also the chicken tikka masala was a little slice of heaven...
5	This is the best Indian restaurant around. I have been to every Indian restaurant in town. I used to go to Indian Paradise and Guru Palace regularly, then I started going here. This is the only Indian restaurant in Phoenix that uses real lamb, not BEEF (check the texture at other places next time). The flavor is incredible. Most importantly the owners are great people. I have become very good friends with them the past year. I bring all my friends there and they are well taken care of. This is my favorite place to eat. I recommend the Lamb Saag, Lamb Boti Masala, and Lamb Vindaloo with Paneer Naan. Hope to see all of you guys there. You will not be dissapointed.
3	When I entered at normal dinner time, there was only 2 other customers than my party.  I was really worried that the food would be horrible and a waste of a Groupon.  I ordered the usual dishes I would get with my parents (garlic naan, onion kulcha, mattar paneer, palak paneer, and chana masala).  Each of the dishes had an unique taste than what I expected.  It tasted different, but it was good.My major negative is we asked for medium spice and the food was very mild.  In addition, I had to try really hard to try the garlic in the Garlic Naan.  The food comes in decent portion, but it might be a couple bucks overpriced per dish.I would come here again to try some non-vegetarian dishes or the buffet.
5	Wow! I had a taste for Indian and just happened to stumble upon the lunch buffet. For $9, I had an unbelievabe lunch. A decent, but not exhausted selection of popular Indian dishes. What amazed me is that every one I sampled was excellent. And then they brought out bread, as if the buffet wasn't enough. I'll be back-often.
5	Love it!!!First of all the food is wonderful. Every time we go we try something different and have yet to be disappointed. I recommend the Lamb Masala ( spicy of course) and my husband loves the Chicken Vindaloo.Dinner is great here with nice sized portions. Lunch has a great buffet available, which offers different options each time, giving us the chance to try new dishes. I would have to say the best part is the service! India grill is clearly run by a very kind family who knows how to take care of their customers. We once went to the lunch buffet a bit close to the end lunch service, they were serving one of my very favorites, Lamb Tekka Masala, but they were pretty much out. When I asked the server ( a young guy who always serves us and is awesome) if they would be replenishing this dish, he said he would see what he could do, and promptly returned with my own mini serving of the dish!! If he had come back and said they were not replenishing I would have totally understood, but as always the staff went above and beyond!!!With all the Indian food options in the valley, we continue to return over and over knowing we will always receive amazing service!Go there.... Now!!! You won't regret it!
2	Garlic naan bread and BBQ flavored  chicken, tastes ok but not looking to eat American food. Don't get me wrong the garlic bread was tasty but unexpected when I mixed it with my curry chicken, boo
5	Delicious! This is a place I regular. There are often coupons for this restaurant . The atmosphere is nice. The cuisine tends to be more fusion. The buffet is an excellent deal. The service is great. I have no complaints about this place.
1	Went here on a Saturday afternoon and there were 3 of us. I don't really care for Buffet food at Indian restaurants, so we had take out. The place looks good enough from the inside, but i was extremely disappointed by the food. All of the naan were burnt on the underside. The kofta curry had coconut in it, which is kind of odd. Not to mention all of us had stomach problems the very next day. Now if it was just one person, then I can understand. But as all three of us felt sick, I have no doubt in my mind that it was their food. Will never try this place again.
4	My husband & I LOVE this place!  Service, food, and cleanliness of restaurant are all great!  The Malai Kofta and Lamb Korma with some garlic naan on the side... My mouth is already watering!  We've tried almost all the Indian places in the Mesa/Chandler/Gilbert area and this one is awesome.  Did I mention great prices for the amount of food you get??  We have also been given several complimentary sides just because... Very nice staff.  Still haven't had a bad dish off their menu and I've tried just about all of it!
4	Maybe this place deserves 5 stars, but I'm not a connoisseur when it comes to Indian food - I only know that this place serves up some great dishes. My favorite is the mixed grill and my wife loves the butter chicken. The naan bread appetizers are extremely yummi and the prices are reasonable.The dining room isn't anything to write home about, but it's fun to watch the Indian music videos on the big TVs. And the service is very friendly and attentive. Will be back.
5	My wife and have been to pretty much every Indian Restaurant in Phoenix.  We go almost every week.  Since we went here, we have NEVER went anywhere else (except when traveling).  The food here is fantastic.  The staff has always been great.  But the food, oh the food.  Did I say it was fantastic?   My personal favorite is the Baigan Bharta.  My wife's is the Paneer Tika Masala.  But, all is great!
3	I give this place 3 stars, but I'd rather say 3.5 since I've only been there once. I think the extra .5 points is for potential. I like Indian food and I like it enough to eat it when I can. Don't get me wrong, I'm no Indian food connoisseur but I really like bold tasting food with lots of spices and flavors. And I really, really like my curry. I came in here on my lunch break, skeptical of what I'd find from an Indian buffet. Not too bad. Your basic selection of Chicken Tikki Masala, Coconut Curry, Lentils, Indian BBQ, etc. Overall, taste was nice and satisfied my hunger pangs. On the other hand, I'm not sure I like how they made their naan. It tasted like garlic bread, looked like some pita overloaded with parsley, and was not soft like I've had at other places. But that's okay, because I filled myself up on the buffet. Service was fast and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable. Maybe a little too big for its own sake, but hey, that's quite all right.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =This location has closed.
