4	I got my first Violin at AZ Music when I was in about third grade. The staff and assortment of instruments and supplies were very impressive. I always came back to get sheet music and new strings and eventually a new violin. They have a huge selection of band and orchestra instruments as well as a few electric guitars. Don't let the small shop scare you away, just ask the staff, they probably have what you are looking for.
5	The staff at AZ Music is awesome.  My son needed some luthier work done on his electric hollow body guitar and we took it to their shop.  They sent it off to their luthier in Prescott, and told me honestly, that the likelihood it could be repaired was slim (the neck was badly cracked after an accidental fall on a concrete floor).  It took almost three months, but the guitar came back better than new.  You can barely see the work, and the luthier had to do all hand repair (custom rebuilding of the neck).  In the meantime, they sold my son a very good guitar for him to use while his was being repaired.  They gave us a great deal, and were exceptionally kind to him (since he felt so bad about dropping his other guitar).  We think this shop is great.  Don't let the location or the condition of the store fool you.  The guys all have been there for years, all are excellent musicians, and will work with you to find the right equipment to meet your needs.
3	I have been to this store during the week and on weekends and it was empty both times. One of the staff told me that if it wasn't for the thriving music lessons that the store probably wouldn't be open because of the economic downturn. That would be a shame because this is a pretty nice music store. I build cigar box guitars and I've found some pretty good deals on parts because they have an in house repair shop. I hope the mom and pop music stores like this survive today's economy!tattooedaxe.com
5	We stopped in here the other night because my son's saxophone needed repairs. I expected to drop it off, but they were able to fix right then, which was great. Quick, friendly service.
5	I buy a lot of the small things I need here like springs and other hardware for my drums. The guys are all good and they like to work with you, they give me good deals all the time. Always good to buy local.
5	Open on weekends, incl. Sundays! Yay! Knowledgeable guitar teachers! Yay!More reasonable lesson fees! Yay!Across the street from the movie theater! Yay!Convenient location w/ plenty of parking! Yay!Skip the other place a couple blocks away and go here.
4	Friendly people great prices!
5	It's hard to get a music store right and also make money at it. I've worked in music stores, taught in music stores and am a music teacher. AZ Music does it right. There aren't many like this around any more. *The employees are friendly and quick to educate you about anything you may wish to know. *The repair facility is top notch. Don't be scared away by the $50 bench fee for pro audio repairs. I had my Mackie amplifier repaired here. Rex is the master and it was a pleasure to shake his hand.*They offer lessons which are the bread and butter of most music stores these days and I've heard great things from students and parents about their staff in that respect.*They are fair priced and do special orders.Long story short, GO TO AZ MUSIC!
5	Don't waste your time at Guitar Center they will rob you. This is why i come here where i can haggle and get a few deals and have some good conversation in regards to music etc... I really wish there were more places like this one. Oh and by the way if your child is interested in learning how to play an instrument they also give private lessons as well
1	TERRRRIBLE!!!!! RUDE SERVICE!First of all when i was checking out the guy asks me if I'm a illegal immigrant. (yet i speak perfect english) then he starts this whole rant about illegal immigrants stealing jobs and robbing America's economy. Second a complete rip off on repairs. They don't give you an estimate for the job before hand either, the repair was supposed to be done in a week it took then 2 and a half weeks. WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!
1	Horrible!! In September 2013, we took my daughter's Yamaha trumpet in for a minor repair. In January, they still had not repaired it. In February, when we returned again not only had it NOT been repaired, they had somehow caved in one of the valves. They did not charge us, but in no way did they offer to try to make it better or even apologize for the additional damage they did. A completely shameful way to do business. Customer beware.
