4	Fox & Hound in Peoria is a good American restaurant. They have the regular things like burgers, chicken, pasta, etc. They have a deal where you fill out a card with your birthday and email on it, and they email you a free birthday dinner once someone in your party buys another. It is a good deal and happening place on weekends. Upstairs can be reserved for extra. It has pool tables, tvs, full bar, lots of space to mingle. Good place in the West Valley.
3	Ehhh....My review is not based on the food as we ate nothing...sorry kids.  Maybe I am just not used to the chain restaurants-turned-bars-past-7pm thing they have happening on 83rd...  I went with a friend of mine to meet up with some neighbors for a few drinks and possibly pool.  After taking 20 minutes to park  (I get it, its Saturday) we walked in and were bombarded with 'bouncers' checking out IDs as though we were at some kind of swanky night club.  We walked in, found our friends and ordered a simple glass of wine.  Then evening continued just fine but for some reason these girls kept coming around trying to see us shots all night long and would be slightly sassy when we declined their $5 cherry bombs.  Sorry...The bartenders were entertaining, service was fine, but the shot girls need to take their sales pitch elsewhere especially after we politely declined several times.  Pros:Great people watching...Not only do all sorts of people come here, but I saw a fight and the worlds tallest woman I have ever seen!  7ft tall maybe!!  Sadly this was the highlight of my evening!
5	I have been frequenting the best bar of all time! I loooove the Fox & Hound! On Tuesday nights they have $2 pints (and an impeccable draft selection), half price appetizers from 10-12 (the food is actually food not like shitty bar food usually is.) Even the chips and salsa is amazing! I usually order the thin crust pizza and its more than enough for two people to share for only $5 during happy hour. The KARAOKE is hilarious, and most importantly, it is the BEST service I have EVER received at a bar! The first time I went with my boyfriend the bartender's asked our names at the end of the night and when we went back a week later the bartender not only remembered who we both were but asked us if we wanted a Guinness and Amber Ale (the drinks we ordered a week earlier!) I've never had a bartender care to ask who we were let alone remember my name and draft!Sometimes on Tuesday's during karaoke they have surprise drink specials, the one I was there for was monster bombs.Wednesday is ladies half price drinks! W00t!I think I'll head over there after work for a Killian's, Fox Amber, or maybe, just maybe a Shock-top. ONLY 2 DOLLARS!!!!
5	This place never ceases to amaze me!I can't stress enough the impecable service they have at this bar! The bartenders are amazing and can accomodate my requests no matter how crazy they are. They have this drink on the menu called the Kryptonite-rita, (it's a HUGE 32oz. margarita glass, enough to share with 2-3 people.) Well I asked if I could get a Pineapple upside-down drink in this glass, and without batting an eye it was done, and boy was it loaded with the booze! They make a killer quesaedilla with chicken and chili and the buffalo chips were spicy enough for my taste buds.They got a new DJ too. This guy plays a great mix of Hip-hop, 80s and Top 40. It's stuff you actually want to dance to!And, unlike the other DJ they contracted a while back, you can actually hear the person next to you!I noticed that in the Green Room there was a party or group of people playing beer pong. The place has a set up and provides the tables and party buckets of Bud Light are only $14. No I didn't play any, but it's something I will check out another Sunday.Please give this place a try, you'll make it your new watering hole.
4	Flip Night comes to the Fox! Sunday night, flip a coin for your chance at a FREE entree. A great place with excellent food and a fun atmosphere. Get down on some pool or darts while enjoying a nice cold beer with some friends. Also, check out 1/2 price burger Mondays and BOGO wings Wednesdays. My recommendation: The Black Forrest Sandwich. A giant Bavarian pretzel roll topped with grilled turkey, applewood bacon, Monterey Jack cheese, shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes and honey mustard dressing. If you want to spice it up a bit, substitute the honey mustard for some of Fox's amazing queso dip. A must visit. You wont be disappointed!
5	I went here on Friday night and had an excellent time. Our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive and the food was phenomenal. We got an order of wings and the firecracker spinach artichoke chicken (I think that's what it was called). If for nothing else, I will be returning to eat that again! They had a big open room wit pool tables that you can rent, so we played for a bit. Although I suck, it was still pretty fun and the tables were nice. After our meal, the manager came over t ask us how everything was and gave us a card for a free appetizer on our next visit. This was the best food, service and overall great dining experience I have had in a while. I will definitely be back!
3	In the end there is nothing wrong with Fox & Hound.The food is pretty decent, along with the service. Although occasionally you will get that waitress who seems annoyed that she actually has to work but that is few and far between and really, you could get that at any place out there.This place is probably one of the best in town for large groups as they have a few private areas and can accommodate for just about anything you throw at them. If your into UFC, they are always doing special events for that as well.My biggest gripe with F&H is their tv set up. Yes they have a ton of tv's and you really can't find a seat in the house where one isn't in easy view. But... the system that runs the tvs sucks, if your watching any tv in the main room other then the main one over the bar, there is a 1-2 second delay in everything you see. So you'll hear something happen behind you and then  you see it. Totally ruins the experience of watching games on TV there. Note that this issue doesn't occur in the side rooms, only the main area.But back to positives, the drinks are good, the crowd is usually pretty entertaining and the prices aren't that bad. But if your a die hard sports fan, either get a good seat, or head over to BWW and Padre Murphy's to watch the game.
3	Fairly average place with a decent tap selection and appetizers.  Happy hour isn't bad but could be better, and I'd rather hit this spot than McDuffy's just south of here if given the choice.  Parking isn't bad now that El Toro Bravo went out of business (shared parking lot).  Krispy Kreme next door doesn't seem to have so many patrons late at night.
3	I love the Napa Valley Spinach Salad, it is out of this world! Most of the food on the menu is good. The service isn't bad. They usually have good specials or coupons. My only complaint is that it is too dark.
3	The interior and the exterior of the place leads you to believe that it might be the nicer sports bar you hope it to be, but you're mistaken. Everything was very average, nothing on the menu seemed thought out, just a sampling over tired of bar food. I get that its a chain and I shouldn't expect the moon and the stars, but at least give me a stupidly daring appetizer to try.  Burger, fries, wings it was.Burger was fine. Not cooked to the medium I requested, but it was alright. The fries were sparse and the wings, which were ordered hot, were cooked with crush black pepper that clung to the back of your throat and choked you out. Bummer.Management was gracious, but our server appeared broken-hearted having to fetch a second beer. Also, she kept pushing our table to join their 'beer club', which required you to take the time to fill out some paper and then sign a card, yaddayaddayadda.  A bit of an annoyance.
2	i remember this place a regular stop for me and my friends years ago...it hasn't really changed-still fairly average from the food and service. good place if you have a large group but lets hope that you get the right server, otherwise you're screwed. one thing to be aware of....we had a VERY difficult time here due to one of my friends having an out of state license. they practically refused to let him come in saying that they don't "accept people with our of state licenses". wt heck?!? with the state of the economy and business, shame on them for turning away a paying patron!
4	They have Ace on tap. Thats good enough for me. Fortunately I also dig the food. We usually get the play platter (soft pretzels, wings, mozzerella sticks and onion petals) and the french dips. The bartenders are friendly but it can be difficult to get a waitress's attention - they are busy primping and flirting with the management - so take a seat at the bar if you go.
3	If you come on the right day this place is pretty great.  They have awesome happy hours like 2 dollar Tuesdays.  Now with that said my friends and I came here frequently back in the day (2-3 years ago).  Since I could remember the service has always been extremely hit or miss (usually miss).  The food is, well, average.  Nothing really spectacular other than the fact they have sweet potato fries.  I would not recommend watching a UFC event here.  There is a $10 cover and they shove you in some dark room.  The one time I wish I had a crappy waitress that never really stops by is the day I get the exact opposite. I kind of wish she wouldn't come by every 5-10mins. The seats are ok but the only kind of TVs in the room where the old school big screen TVs.  Not one LCD...
4	Ok, four stars may be a bit high for first visit, but this place has great service, really tasty, greasy burgers and cheap Blue Moon... and with each one we drink, we are accruing points for more cheap stuff... woo hoo! Try the Bacon Blue Burger w/fries ($9) ... yum! My guy liked the French Dip. Tater skins were super cheesy with lots of bacon, and much better tasting than expected. Great service (our server was hot too lol)... never waited long for anything and never had to ask for refills. Check out their karaoke contest - two performances left, Wed July 28th and Aug 4th, when the grand prize winner will receive $1000. Vote for my friend Julie! lol
4	This use to be my spot to go to when I lived out in AZ.  A great place to meet up with friends for drinks, food, laughs and some pool.  McDuffy's is next door and I prefer this place over McDuffys.  It's a laid back place to chill-ax at.  Definitely will visit when I visit Arizona again
4	Only went there once, but I really thought the large servings of fish and chips and chicken tenders were *excellent.*  They were hearty and tasted great-- with excellent ratio of breading to chicken/fish.  The clothes they made the women wear were a bit suspect, almost Hooter-ish.  Nevertheless, check out the chicken strips.
4	I feel like i give too many 5 star reviews, so heres a 4 star. This place rocks! Our server, named Leah, was great. We had refills before asking, cold beer, and plenty if yummy food. My only 2 complaints are-the tables are so close together, another waitress kept walking through, and I had to move every time. Also, the food is bar food. I know it is a bar, and the food was good, but there wasn't much for someone who wants healthy fare. I had a french dip, with a salad which was excellent. We will definitely be back, wearing our brown and orange--go Browns!!
4	I attended an informal business meeting here a while back and I was really impressed with the level of service.  Waitresses were around often but were not intrusive or pushy.  The manager was also making the rounds to make sure everyone was being taken care of.  If you can't relax, have fun and enjoy yourself in this place perhaps you need to look inward my friend.
4	A few of us checked out this place last week.  Ive always driven by it, but finally stopped in.  Damn what a great idea... The place is divided into a few sections.. the bar/tavern/sports bar-ish area and then the dining area.  We all sat in the dining room.  There was no waiting because you can sit where you want.The food was delicious.  They happened to have a fish fry that night and I happily enjoyed it.  It was happy hour, so we got some good deal on appetizers and drinks.  The menu was huge, so you could pick from a  huge assortment of foods.The only thing I did question was the four hostesses standing in the front.. one was nice enough to tell us where we could sit and the others just stood there chatting with each other.  Will I be back? Oh yeah.  Loved it
4	Have now gone here twice, both times for lunch.  The first time I had a salad and my friend had a burger.  I was consumed with burger envy after seeing her burger and wasn't too impressed with my salad.Naturally the next time I went back I ordered a burger.  It was wonderful.  Cooked to order (med rare for me) with lots of flavor.  The fries are delish; crispy and well seasoned.  My mouth waters just thinking about it.  I may have to go there for lunch or dinner today.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but a friend says the wings are great.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  The cocktails tasty.  If you want a great burger, this is THE place to go.
3	Went to Fox & the Hound to watch an OSU basketball game.  Sat in the bar area, pretty dark and dismal, but eventually they figured out how to get the game on the big screen.  Nice TV's and plenty of seating.   Lunch was a bit pricey but not terrible.  Tried the signature turkey sandwich/club on a pretzel dough roll.   Very tasty, but add two draft beers and my bill was $15.00   didn't really think it was that steep of a bar/pub food kind of place but apparently so!  Overall, it was adequate for watching the basketball game and drinking a beer with lunch, but I doubt i'll be running back to return anytime soon.
4	Went here again on 3/28/2011 before heading to a movie.  So far, so good. Consistantly good burgers, drinks and service.  Won't go wrong with this place.
4	This is a good place for all your dining needs; private, professional, whatever. The place has been divided into several areas which can service your particular needs. Conference/buffet room, large belly up bar and sports room, pool tables area or an upstairs private party section. Also, the food is above par. Service is good hearted and the location, for me, is awesome!
4	I had just had a small Birthday gathering for my sister there, we won this package through an email contest.  Liz who handled everything was really nice and friendly and the server we had was top notch. I don't make it over here much because I moved a bit far away but it is a great place to watch sports, play pool, drink, and eat some pretty good food.
4	Good place to meet a group, watch a game or grab a quick bite. We found this place on St. Patrick's Day after a long, frustrating day of apartment searching. No wait, quick/good/friendly service, good food and lots of good beer. I like the segmented areas and because it is so big, even when there is a huge crowd, you never feel like you have lost your personal space. Have walked over many times since and will definitely continue to.
4	The food was good.  It was a cool atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon.  My wife and I both had one of their burgers and they were both delicious.  This place did not disappoint.  I am curious to see what it is like during football season.
4	I visit Fox and the hound pretty much weekly. The food is good, it's very reasonable and the wait staff is always great. They've got plenty of TV's and always adjust the channels if I want to watch a different sporting event.  I give this place a good solid '7 out of 10'.
5	We have been here for a private even and for a Motorcycle Race event.....both times we were very happy with the service, drink and food!  We sat at the bar for the races and even there the service was superb!! Actually thinking of having a private going away party.
4	I think it was me and someone waiting for one of the waitresses, so I assume it was her boyfriend sitting in the place.  Needless to say, I was noticed, so the service was great.  Since the waitress had nobody there, she stood and talked to me about what she was doing with her life educationally which passed the time pleasantly.Ordered the chicken tenders for $8.  Really juicy, tasty, not dry and come with a small variety of dips.  I got the Ranch and the honey-hot one.  Pretty darn good.However, all the tv's they have there--and they are up near the ceiling and HUGE so everyone can see--is what would draw me there again IF there is some sporting event I want to see.  This is definitely de place for dat!Good place!
5	Great bar and hang out place. We were pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere and the service was good. The burger was good and the place just feels really comfortable.
3	Visiting my son and daughter in law for the Christmas Holiday. My wife and I arrived early Saturday morning Christmas eve day. Broncos were playing against Buffalo Bills and since it wasn't being aired at his place. Decided to go to Fox and Hound to watch the game.Haven't been to a sports bar in years, and didn't even know that Fox & Hound (F&H) was a sports bar. Anyhow, pleasantly surprised, F&H is more upscaled and accommodating then expected. Our grandson came along , 9.5 months old. a little bit of babysitting duty, The patrons and the servers were very easy going and didn't appear to mind that we brought him into F&H.  About and hour into the gaming atmosphere, our daughter in law picked up our grandson and took him home to nap, or have his own little huddle. Being Sunday football, they have various rooms with huge TVs for your viewing pleasure and separated out to various team rooms so you can watch your favorite team with fellow fans.  Our room included a good natured Buffalo Bill cheer fan who hooped and hollered every-time the Bill's out maneuvered the Broncos.  It was fun, our room enjoyed the game, even though Broncos lost. The food and drink was better then expected, Our server, Kendra did a wonderful job and made sure we had enough to drink and eat and made sure we enjoyed ourselves. we were there for about 3 hours, and never once did I feel rushed or pressured into leaving or having to constantly order something.We had: Coors and soda for drinks.Food:  Play Action Platter: Your typical chicken wings,potato skins, mozzarella sticks- including Bavarian style pretzels and of course 3 different dipping sauces with this platter.  A nice little touch is when you order this platter, a portion of the proceeds is donated to St Jude childrens research hospital.The deluxe cheese pizza with pepperoni - thin crust, crisp, marinara sauce, and enough mozzarella melted on it to create string bridges from the slice to your mouth as you bite into the slice and pull away. Ten Pack Bavarian Pretzels: Looked good and tasty with a pint of beer to help wash it down.Cobb Salad: refreshing with their cider cobb dressing.  Should have asked for more dressing. I like a lot of dressing on my salads.  This was a good way to end the food after all the fried foods and carbohydrates we ate.They also serve burgers, sandwiches and full entrees.The prices seem reasonable, there was a total of 5 adults, with only 3 adults in my party from beginning to end of game and the bill with tax and excluding tip came to about $83.  2 of the adults didn't eat or drink much and had to leave early.This is a place I can see going to time and again to enjoy sporting events, have a few drinks, food and be with like minded fans.  I will have to go to other F&H to see if it's the same atmosphere and climate
2	Apps are good... but been here for an hour at 6:30 on a Friday (waiting about an hour) and still waiting to get my meal. There are 2 "hostesses" but open seating? But found an open table... that was cleared but not wiped off. Was told they were so busy (with open tables all over) that the kitchen was backed up a half hour. The waitress came over about every 20 minutes. My wife was served a salad with no dressing, and it took about 15 minutes to get some. I would come back... on Wednesday afternoons. Try the fish.
2	It's so promising. Great specials. Awesome space. TV's everywhere. Full bar. Good food. Great place to grab some beers before and after a spring training game.But service sucks. I don't understand why I have to be carded at the door, carded at the table, then carded at the bar. There were 3 groups in the entire place, and we still got slow and crappy service. I wish I had better things to say. But really.... the experience completely sours the good things about this place.
2	The food was descent especially the pretzel bites! Service was ok at best.  The bathroom was dirty and unattended to.  Just didn't seem like the place was run well.
4	We go there twice monthly for a business network meeting (lunch bunch) and food on the lunch menu is affordable (5.99 -6.99) fish is really good, chicken tenders, hamburgers, philly cheese steak is amazing!!and is good :)Chicken fried chicken is the bomb-as my husband says!!their arnold palmers are good too :) (tea & lemonade)Their couches are reall comfortable tooANDthey have FREE internet!!
4	We went here after a show at AZ Broadway. The waitress we had was probably *the* most brilliant waitress ever. Thats not sarcasm, I swear! She actually seperated our checks from word one. She was super attentive and nice, remembered how we all took our drinks even though the bartender didnt know how to make one of them...we had a great time!
5	We schedule happy hours for our high school classes here and we are always so well taken care of.  We reserve the upstairs area and there is plenty of room for everyone to be comfortable, eat, play pool or darts, or just hang out.  The waitresses are always great and the food is good too.  It's a great place to have any kind of get together for a large party or just to hang out with friends.
1	Staff needs a little bit more customer service training.  Was asked at the door if my husband and I were celebrating anything and I said yes little early 10 year anniversary and didn't even get a congrats or happy early anniv. Then the waitress we had seemed to be in a hurry and kind of impatient with getting our order and drinks. The water is terrible and didn't even get a lemon when asked for the first time when she took or drink order. Then we get a hamburger and well....... we asked for med/med rare and we got rare....it was so much grease/juice coming out of the burger that the bottom bun was soaked and was not able to eat it.  Small amount of blue cheese.  This is the first place that we meet on a set up blind date and needless to say we won't be coming back.
2	Wait staff is in need of training and this place generally seems confused as to what type of business they are. Front of building says "Smokehouse and Tavern" which would lead many to believe that it's a restaurant with a bar. The reality is that it's a sports bar that serves food and that is exactly what I got when eating there, "Bar Food". I ordered a blue cheese and bacon hamburger (over priced in my opinion). I explained to the waitress that I wanted the meat done just so it was a little pink in the middle and she said "so we'll go with medium rare" , I went along with it figuring she worked there and she would know best since I explained in detail what I wanted. Result: It came out very rare and almost raw in my opinion (just barely browned on outside and all pink everywhere else), there was barely any blue cheese to taste on it and the bottom half of my bun was soaked in grease just like I would expect from a burger at a bar. My summary: might be a good place to get a drink and watch the game, but eat at your own risk.P.S. I saw another reviewer compliment them on the lunch menu, I went during the dinner hour.
3	This place always smells like sewage. Yes, that's the first thing in my review, because that's the first thing you smell when you walk in the door. The food is fine. The beer is, fine. The only reason to go really is Tuesdays. $2 drafts. Pretty hard to beat. It seems like they have a great beer selection, but, they just, don't. I find myself staring at the beer menu not really wanting any of them. Cmon, get some real British brews!
1	20 mins to get service and then another 30 waiting for drinks. Went to the bar to find out what was going on. They finally told us they were looking for the alcohol that goes in the drinks...BS!! Avoid this place like the plague!!!
2	Music way too loud. Cannot have conversation without almost yelling
3	This is my fourth time here.  Two of the times were to just play trivia and have some adult liquid libation (ll).  One time was for some appies and ll.  Tonight we stopped in to play trivia and have a bite for dinner.  This isn't the greatest place for playing trivia as there are only two TV's - one at either side of a long bar.  So you need to be sitting at one end or the other of the bar to be able to play.  OK I have to admit that when we play trivia we always sit at the bar if there is room.  I didn't look around at the rest of the restuarant to see if there were other TV's with the game.  Our previous visits were earlier mid afternoon and I wondered how they stayed in business with few patrons.  Tonight was different.  The place was pretty packed.It's noisy but not ear-splitting noisy.The barpeeps were great.  Attentive and friendly. I had a grilled chicken sandwich that came california style and with fries.  Really good sandwich even if a little salty.  Fries were salty too but really tasty.  Couldn't resist chowing down on about a third of them.  I always think I will be able to resist but when they are this good it's just too hard.I have to go with a very stong three.  Even thought the trivia layout wasn't the best, that isn't what I rate restaurants on.  The service was good, my sandwich was a cut above average, and the house chardonnay was very acceptable.
5	The Best Football bar on the west side of Phoenix.  Great service, management, and food (burgers, philly, black forest).  Big open space, 5 big rooms, great for every occasion.  Private party, pool, UFC, etc.  No one else compares in the area, just my opinion.
5	Fantastic place!  Great food, decent prices, great quantities and atmosphere!  I have been bringing a group of people here for the past 6 week.  We have had the privilege of visiting 4 times so far.  I can't say enough about this place!They made our group feel so welcome after being literally kicked out of a BBQ place nearby.  The waitresses are great to work with many different tabs within a group of 40-50 people.  They make you feel so welcome!
4	It's a good mixed crowd at a bar with plenty of room to hang out. I'd prefer more single ladies to ogle but that's Peoria for ya AKA everyone is married. A few pool tables, some places to lounge, pretty cocktail servers and everyone from the local Harley riders and quad riding/hunting crowd to a few old timers and a smattering of douchebags drinks here.Decent drink prices and the bar snacks are really good (specifically the baked pretzel sticks). The later you arrive, the more fun you will have.
4	Overall very good food, and drinks. Reasonably priced, and the waitress that we had was awesome. The only hiccup was the hostess not providing us with a menu. First time going here, and will come back. Nice to know there are still nice sports bars, with decent prices on food and drinks around. Also the flat breads are great.
3	Most of the waitress  are a little ditsy, but there are a few, very few that are good.When we go to Harkins Arrowhead to see a movie we always stopped in after for a few drinks and watch a few games.Sadly they have closed the doors forever.It appears Fox and Hound has shut the doors for good on everyone of the bar/restaurants.
