1	If you need medical assistance, do not go here.Last year my daughter had some constipation issues and was pretty sick. My wife and I were worried and brought her in to get her seen. She was also dehydrated, so we wanted an IV of fluids. We waited in the waiting room for 2 1/2 hours (I am not kidding) to be seen, after we told them her problems and signed her in. We finally got a room, they asked some questions, and told us they didn't do IVs. They said the doctor would be in soon to see her. We waited and waited. There was literally almost no other patients in the entire place. None. We didn't see anyone who didn't work there. I even opened the door and kept it open so I could wait for someone and they didn't forget us. After another hour of not being seen, my daughter was really cranky. One of the employees came over and told us we had to close the door because she was too disruptive. They said the doctor would be in. We already paid our $50.00 or we would've walked out. The reason she was cranky was she was hungry so we finally fed her one of those kid nutrition bars. After another half an hour the doctor came in and said that they only thing they could do for her was an abdomen x-ray. We weren't too happy, but we agreed. They did the x-ray and after another half an hour (it's pushing 4-5 hours now!) the doctor came in and told us she had a mass in her abdomen that was larger than she'd ever seen! She had already called our pediatrician who immediately called our cell phone and told us we needed to get her to Children's Hospital downtown immediately. We were terrified and so was out doctor. We drove up there really fast through the rain; they took her in, sedated her, gave her an IV (something Urgent care should be able to do!), and ran a CatScan. After the doctor came in to read the results, he asked if she'd eaten recently. Of course, she had. After hours of waiting for an urgent care doc. The mass the stupid urgent care doctor saw was her food bar she'd eaten! She was fine and went home. We have never been back.Then this past weekend our friend's son split open his knee at his sister's birthday party, and the mom immediately took him to urgent care. I wasn't there yet, or I would've stopped them from going to NextCare. But they went down to NextCare for stitches. Two hours later they called us and told us they'd just gotten into the room. A half an hour later they called back and told us the NextCare does not do stitches and they were sent to the hospital. I can't believe it. What good is an Urgent care that can't see patients quickly, can't sew up an incision, can't use IVs, and can't tell the patient to leave before taking their money. The receptionist should be able to tell someone not to bother paying $50 and wasting hours to be told to leave anyway. It's robbery, and I hope people read this and don't go there!
5	I was leery when I read the previous review, but needed to be seen so I thought I would give it a shot. This guy might have been right in 2009, but I have been there several times over the past 6 months with my family and they have treated us great. The doctors have been nice and so have the receptionist people. After I went there for the normal flu stuff, I had to go back because I had a deep gash on my arm with possible tendon damage. Even though the waiting room was full, they took me back to a room immediately and had the Doc come in to look at it. They thought that I might have nicked a tendon and thought I should go to the ER instead. On my way out, the receptionist stopped me and refunded my copay since I wasn't really seen by anyone. I have gone back several times and I have been very happy with the service. The best part about it, they are open until midnight 7 days a week and have a pediatrician at nights.
1	I have not ventured out to other urgent cares but i have been to this one about 3 or 4 times maybe.  Each time costs me at least $80 just to get in but prices have sky rocketed if you do not have insurance like myself.  Most of the times i have been to this location it was over my thought of having pink eye. BUT i have learned never to go to this location for this reason. Why you might ask? Because the last time i had gone the "doctor" working had told me i did have pink eye and to put drops in my eye for a week.  My eye was not completely closed shut the morning of it was just pinkish even if i put redness drops. So i went home after picking up my bottle from walgreens and hoped to god the pinkness would disappear. Guess what it didn't. So after a weeks worth of drops and some antihistamine drops to follow up my eye had become ridiculous to where i was just thinking WTH did the doctor do by prescribing this stuff?! it is not getting any better?!  So thankfully at the time i had been working at sears(Don't ever work there because they will ruin your life and find any way to fire you and not give you unemployment) and had gone to see the optometrist(Who is awesome!) and said that my eye had been so dryed out from putting the antihistamine drops in my eye that i needed to just put moisturizing drops in from now on.  He had mentioned a ladys son had hit a pole or something hit his eye not hard enough to mess up his vision but scratch the surface and the ER really told him it was pink eye?! Seriously?! When it comes to things with your eyes i honest to god think that Hospitals and Urgent Care should have their own optometrist in the building before they start prescribing things to people and making the problem worse.
2	While I really like their "WAHOO" (Wait at home or office) scheduling, I won't be going back.  I was having trouble breathing and was seen fairly quickly, but was only given a passing glance by the doctor.....no breathing treatment, just a really crappy antibiotic prescription and sent on my way.  Ended up getting worse and having to go to another urgent care, where I got the right treatment.
1	Horrible care from unqualified people. This place is a money pit! I won't go there again!
4	Reading the other reviews on here is surprising to me. I moved to Chandler and didn't have health insurance and they were close. I had to bring my daughter in the middle of the night. The night pediatrician there was attentive, warm, and listened to my concerns about what was going on. She promptly figured it out and we were in an out in less than forty-five minutes. Because of that experience, I went there the next time I felt strep coming on. I was seen quickly and given a rapid strep test, and sent home with my prescription. When I gained employment and insurance, I continued going here because the front desk has always been nice, and they understand that I don't have seven hours to sit in a waiting room with sick people. My most recent time was for an ear infection I felt coming on, and I was treated with care and competence.
1	Went today and got in fairly quickly (only good part of today's trip).  First talked with an assistant who wrote down all my information on a computer, and then her computer died, and she didn't have a charger for it so I had to repeat everything again to the actual doctor.  The actual doctor cancelled all the tests that the technician had prescribed, and when I asked why, she said they were unnecessary, and she was certain of what I had though I had only told her two symptoms.  I felt very uneasy about the fact she didn't test me for anything but my arguments were obviously futile.  I told them the address of my pharmacy, and when I got to my pharmacy, they did not receive the prescription.  Called Nextcare to verify, and they said they had sent it.  I asked if the crossroads were correct, and the lady said yes.  My pharmacy figured out they had called the wrong pharmacy and had to fax over the perscription.  Took about 40 minutes when all was said and done, when it could've taken 2 minutes if Nextcare had verified correctly that they had sent it to the wrong pharmacy.  Awful.
1	This is the only "urgent care" in my neighborhood open after 8pm, they are open until 12am. I used the "WAHOO" service and was given an appointment time of 11pm when calling at 8:30, fine, it is flu season, I don't like it but I figure it is understandable. When I get to the urgent care at 10:50 it is packed full of very ill appearing people, is not as clean as you would hope and doesn't appear to be moving patients through very quickly. It takes the receptionist 15 minutes to get my insurance info sorted out even though I have a very popular nationally available plan through a national employer. I ask how far behind they are and if I will be seen soon since I have been waiting at home for over 2 hours already. She will not clearly state a wait time. I hear a parent with a sick and miserable child say they also called ahead and had a 10pm appointment time. It is 11:15 At this point so I left, I most likely will live to get into another hopefully cleaner urgent care in the morning. I have a lot of understanding for running behind and being inundated with patients, I even understand that some level triage will occur no matter of your time of arrival. What I do not understand is why they provide this "WAHOO" service and continue to make appointments on it when clearly it is not being used properly or the clinic is not staffed at a level to accommodate it. When calling ahead in a situation like this the right thing for them to do would be to let you know that things are so backed up that they are running first come first serve at this time and can not accommodate appointments.
5	I can't say what the wait time is like on a normal day sine I got lucky and went in when it was empty so I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. Very friendly and fast, they also accepted my blue cross insurance so I only had a $15 copay.
5	Scheduling was spot on and I was seen quickly, treated, and on my way. The staff was compassionate and efficient. Looks to be better now than in years past! I do recommend.
1	I was so belittled here. I went in to have my nasal cavity checked for a foreign object and was given amoxicillin. The doctor laughed at my issue and kept telling me I was sick which was obvious to a 2 year old. She talked more to my girl friend about how I "thought I knew something" about my own body as if she had X Ray vision. I knew I was sick but I also knew I could get an infection from what was lodged in me.By far the worst medical experience I have ever had!!! Don't see Doc L. Silva!
