5	I was scared, nervous and need a haircut badly. After cyber stalking Max for about 2 months, my wonderful husband told me to call and boy am I happy he did. It was the best haircut and color experiance. He explained to me everything that he was doing and all the chemicals he was using. Its great to know that there are still people who care for customer service out there! Thank Max!
5	I have been a loyal client to Max since I was referred to him by my labor and delivery nurse (who had GREAT hair) over 3 years ago. My hair needed a little help when I first went in, including some color correction. Max did a fantastic job, not only with my color, but with my haircut as well. I have been a happy camper ever since. I live about an hour outside Vegas, so YES! I am more than willing to travel all that way just to have Max keep my hair looking beautiful. He is super flexible working around my constantly-changing schedule and he's just an all-around great guy. Max's "studio" is great, too...very clean and fab decor! He also recently began accepting credit/debit cards for payment, which makes visits even more convenient.
5	If you are looking for a great hairstylist, Max Maddux at Blush Salon is your guy. He's been cutting and coloring my hair since 1998, and I have followed him wherever he goes. He's extremely knowledgeable, personable, and I really look forward to my hair appointments. Not once has he been late, rude, or anything other than accommodating. I adore this guy, and so will you!!
5	The best of this best, have been in Salon all over the world. Try Matt as good as it gets.
5	Stylist Kim Johnson provided me with a long term keratin straightening treatment back in January. He couldn't have been more gentle with my hair - I never felt the heat from his dryer or hot iron. Now here it is the end of May & he contacts me to have me come it to see how the process is holding up. I expected to hear that it was time for a "touch up" but to my surprise he told me I looked great & wouldn't require any further services to my hair for at least a few more months. BTW, Blush Salon is in a beautiful environment & I don't have to drive across town to get into a spa like salon.
