5	Nice and clean. We were greeted at the door with cookies. staff is still learning, please be patient with them. :) Out of small bowls do we were upgraded to large salads!! Point system is down, save your receipt.
4	Yep, I had a salad for lunch today. A nice manly, Southwest Chicken Caesar salad. I threw the girls at this new Paradise Bakery location a curveball and ordered the large with two chocolate chip cookies to go. They hit it out of the park. My plastic salad container was filled to the max. Plus it had tons of spicy, chipotle caesar dressing. Just the way I like it.
4	This is a newer location for the restaurant and was impressed!  The atmosphere is more semi to formal then other locations and very cozy and comfortable.  Went in there this past Saturday evening to host a Tupperware social and it was very pleasant and NOT noisy as other locations.  Staff was friendly and very helpful.  We even stayed late and they were very patient with us.  Roast beef Asiago very tasty and the french onion soup was awesome with the melted cheese inside.  Their chocolate chip cookies are Wonderful!Thanks again Arrowhead Paradise Bakery, plan to see you again soon! :)
4	It's Paradise Bakery, so you know what you're getting. Pretty good food, at a decent price. Salads are always great, and you can't beat the cookies. And the atmosphere is pretty solid for lunch meetings, dinner with someone, etc. Very casual, but not overly so.One gripe I have about this location: service times always seem slower here. Like there's people trying to stay busy doing other things and not exactly expediting the process of moving customers through the line. There are definitely some great people working here, but for example, the other night I waited almost 30 minutes for a sandwich and a half for a to go order. Not worth that kind of wait while my soup is cooling off, you know?
3	I never liked the way you're supposed to order your food at Paradise - it could get confusing if you have a big order and you need to keep track of all the sandwiches, salads, soups, etc... Anyhow, I still go to Paradise because the food IS tasty and their cookies are yummylicious. Went to dinner here tonight with my husband and three little ones. I ordered our food and of course received the salads and soups right away since they serve it up while you're standing there. We sat down and waited 25 minutes (!!!) for our sandwiches and my daughter's Mac n Cheese kids meal. And we got there when it was slow! We noticed people that got there after us already had their food. Then finally a guy comes up with the wrong kids meal. Finally a manager arrived with our food. She apologized and said she would give us a refund. I thought she was going to refund a sandwich, but she ended up refunding us the full $45! For that I was grateful. While my husband was waiting for her to refund our dinner, I noticed a couple people were at the counter because their orders were wrong or they too were receiving a refund of some sort. The manager was nice. The other staff were so-so. Next time we'll go to another location...
4	This is one of my staples for lunch on the west side. We don't have many healthy options here, so I usually go here about 1 time a week. I always get the broccoli cheddar soup and possible a salad. I like to get my baby a little PBJ kids meal, and sometimes I eat some of that.The cookies are so good, but I try to avoid them (unsuccessfully) to still eat healthy. I either go to this one or the one on N 67th and the 101. It can get pretty busy, but this one has lots of seating. The people are always nice and friendly.Sometimes I get confused by how to order. I am used to its sister store Panera where you just go to a counter. Here I always get stuck behind sandwich people and don't know if its ok to cut ahead of them to the salad or soup area. One thing I wish Paradise would start doing that Panera does is give those cute little apples with meals. I loved those! I would always give them to my horse. It was the perfect horse treat.
5	I do not remember why, but i always thought I hated paradise bakery. I think I had a crappy sandwich once before. Well I was craving a salad with fruit and cheese while across the street at platos closet, so I stopped in for a fiji apple salad (1/2 dressing)  to go. I spoted the mini carrot cakes and needed one desperately. I received very nice customer service, a little shock at the price, but once I ate and drank my yummy mango tea I was on cloud nine!!!!!  The salad was perfect, 1/2 dressing is the way to go for me, fruits cheesy nutty heaven. The carrot cake was a food climax (haha, had to) in my mouth. I love paradise now, gonna be back much more often. Oh I also had a zucchini muffin a different time and it was amazing as well!
5	I've enjoyed meals at dozens of Paradise Bakery & Cafe's.  My husband loves the salads.  My granddaughter can't live without the Mac 'n  Cheese.  The experience is consistently good.  Today, at this store, it was even better!!!  The staff was very well-trained and super-friendly.  If I  could possibly eat another bite, I'd go right back in and do it again!
3	This is a place that has been a mall and Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor (before security) and has seemed to have free standing locations popping up all over. I saw one at 67th just South of Union Hills and this one across from the mall. My Mom told me Panera bought this place and while I could see some Panera items, this place was Panera on CRACK. Mom and I stopped in for a quick lunch on my February trip to Arizona. We were in between errands for my Grandmother and needed a place to gather our bearings and have something to eat. We split a sandwich with chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomato and mustard on a dark rye (something Panera doesn't have) and it was tasty. The folks working there were very helpful and it gave my Mom and I a much needed place to plan, divide and conquer. With Wildflower Bread Company now open across and just up the street, I doubt I will be coming here but it did exceed my expectations.
4	Love this bakery. Little pricey but good food & the tea's are amazing
4	The atmosphere is great at Paradise.  I come here to work on school and spend hours at a time.  I love how they have outlets at most booths for me to plug in my computer.  The food is good, but for $6.79 I would expect more to eat.  I am fine with a true serving size of fruit and eggs, but do not charge nearly seven bucks for it.  The fruit "cup" is actually a condiment container that can hold about six grapes.  The egg items probably contain two eggs.  Again, enough food, but they charge the same price as Denny's where I'll leave with a to-go box.  The nice staff, great atmosphere, and lack of stinginess for use of WiFi still earns it four of five.
4	I ordered the Chicken Hummus salad most recently and it was delicious, even after four hours sitting in the to-go box!  I am always impressed by the staff; they are always kind and helpful.
4	I love their items I stop by a couple of times when visiting Phoenix. Very fast service and good quality food. I just don't like when you get ring up some cashiers don't ask you for your reward card. I hate having to remind them, it comes off as it's a hassle to them. My favorite is the fire roasted tomato soup, I wish panera bread offered it. Good location parking is kinda annoying because you have to park far bit it's worth it.
2	Used to love eating here, but quality has declined & cost has increased. Food is ok, but the value leaves a lot to be desired--$3.99 for a fruit cup? More than $8 for a sandwich? Do yourself a favor & head over to Zupas--the food is better & value is far superior, especially their kids meal.
1	1st, don't open at 6, open at 7:00I waited to buy a fresh baked scone, 7:10, not one item available for sale, 3 people working, had a rack blocking the entrance, said the baker was late. Seem more interested in lunch and opening until 11:00pm than in providing bakery items.
3	Paradise Bakery has good food for reasonable prices, and I eat here fairly often. I particularly enjoy their salads. I don't think I've ever paid more than $10 for a lunch, which is about what I'd expect at a place like this. It does seem like their menus have decreased lately, though. They used to have this delicious steak salad, but it is now gone, and one of the employees told me their southwest chicken caesar (also one of my favorites) is on the way out, too. Apparently Panera bought out the chain about five years ago and has been making gradual changes to the menu, which as far as I am concerned are definitely for the worse. I'll keep eating here for now, but if the menu loses too many more items which I enjoy I enjoy I may stop coming.
5	Today was my first visit and I would go back.  I had the chicken salad sandwich, my husband had a salad (I can't remember the name) and both were delicious.  It was clean, lots of choices and reasonable prices. They had lots of delicious flavored serve-it-yourself iced teas and service was quick.  Will definitely return.
5	Compared to other Paradise Bakery locations, this one was above par!  Great service, great food, and I liked the layout with abundant booth seating.  A tad bit smaller than the ones I usually go to but we found ample seating.  Great experience!
1	I have to say, I love my Paradise Bakery on the reg, but I can honestly say this is the first time I've been severely disappointed. The customer service here is deplorable. We came in to order dinner to go; the boyfriend ordered an easy ham and cheese sammich, no problems there. I ordered a pick two, southwest chicken caesar and a frontega chicken on ciabatta, the gal tells me they're out of ciabatta, no problem, I'll take it with the foccacia it usually comes on. She says all they have is the asiago foccacia, close enough, I'll take it. The girl seemed really rushed and gave us our total twice before we were even done ordering. We went to go get drinks (side note, all the tea except for hibiscus was out, argh!) and the sandwich gal comes up and tells me they're out of the asiago focaccia. I asked her if I could do the chicken salad sandwich instead and she looked at me confused. I found on the menu it's actually referred to as the "chicken walnut" so that's my bad I guess. They brought our order out and we checked our bag, no salad. I went up to the girl that rang us up and advised her we were just missing our salad and she looks at me confused and asks, "salad?" And I said yes, my pick two chicken caesar, she asked the salad person if she made it and they replied no, and asks me if I wanted it for here or to go. Why would I want everything to go except my salad?Anyways, cut to getting home and there's no chicken in my southwest chicken caesar. At this point, I'm aggravated. I go to find the always included cookie to numb the pain, and low and behold the cookies are also missing, despite being included on our receipt. We love Paradise but unfortunately we will not be returning to this location, despite the closer drive.
4	Went here earlier this evening to get dinner for my husband and I. There was a little confusion with a new girl knowing which breads went for which sandwiches, (which they were out of all but wheat or sourdough..I wouldn't have gone if I had known that). But I can completely understand that happening with being new & not fully knowing the menu. (I've been in that spot many times.) Towards the end I ordered a soup and roll with our order, and the manager told me to pay with the cashier and she'd give it to us in a minute (she was getting it ready). Nope. I had so much other on my order to check on I hadn't noticed. Later, I get home only to notice I am missing the soup snd roll. They supplied me with the extra tortilla chips but not the actual dish. I drove all the way back and thankfully they remembered me and gave it to me free and blamed it on miscommunication, no problems at all. They (almost) fully redeemed themselves on that part! But on a huge note, the two times I was there this evening, the young, longer haired brunette girl on salad bar had the attitude of "you're annoying/pain in the ass/I have better things to do". My husband wanted me to get more salad for him while there, and I didn't, just to avoid her really crappy attitude after the crappy day I've had. Sorry us costumers that came here for a nice meal had to be such a burden to you're difficult day. We didn't mean to be such a pain in your ass while you're getting paid! I've had enough happen for this week with putting our dog down and other personal stuff, the last thing we needed was this girls guilt trip attitude..This girl kept it from being 5 stars though. The food and service are otherwise amazing!!
1	This is my 4th visit to the location. Each and every single time has been a fiasco. Tonight I called in my order to go to help avoid the Friday night rush. They were out of flatbreads so I could not have the sandwich I wanted. I then chose the turkey cranberry on molasses bread and a small salad, no tomatoes. When I arrive I am advised they are out of molasses bread, so again I don't get the sandwich I want. Grabbed a snicker doodle cookie to go. Upon getting home with our order, the salad had tomatoes and the cookie was barely cooked. $25 for two people, no drinks. This will be my LAST visit! The management obviously doesn't manage very well for the restaurant to consistently offer below par service and quality. Get it together!
2	The Asiago steak sandwich was skimpy & ice cold, including the steak. I don't know about you but I hate cold steak fat. There was hardly any dressing on the roll so it was very dry & there was only 1 - 2 inch piece of onion on it, I later found out from the manager that 2 small pieces is the normal amount, I was dumb struck. Don't expect any Asiago cheese flavor on the Asiago steak sandwich because the cheese is sprinkled on the roll not in the sandwich & the cheddar cheese that was in it overpowered everything. The sandwiches should be made in front of you so you can see what's going on your sandwich & that way you can ask for more onions or dressing or WARMTH. The way they make it now is on a back counter with their backs to you & you can't tell what they're putting on it. The salads that we ordered were good, I got the blue cheese crumbles salad & my husband got the Greek salad, my only problem was that the dressing on mine tasted like a Dijon mayo & I expected blue cheese. They should display the dressings with name tags so you can pick your own dressing to your taste. I brought our sandwiches back to the restaurant & the manager was very nice & exchanged one sandwich for the Chicken Walnut which was good & another sandwich for the Broccoli Cheese Soup which was nice & hot & very good. I expected the cookie that came with the food to be warm when I sampled it in the car but, alas, it was not. I was sad, there's nothing like warm cookie to cheer you. I thought Paradise Bakery was overpriced for what you get & since I noticed a nickel tip on one of the tables I suspect someone else did too.
1	I ordered the 2 for 6$ and was charged 4.19$ for a half sandwich and 5.19$ for a half pasta. WTF, does not come close to 2 for 6. I will not be back. I use to love this place.
4	Always a good experience.  This was my first visit at the Bell Road location. I had an egg, ham, and cheese breakfast sandwich and a cup of coffee.  Clean restaurant, a variety of seating options depending on your mood, and good/great food quality.   I wish they would include silverware with their dishes.  I always have to get back up and track down a fork or spoon.
2	I'm pretty sure I've had better tasting microwaved TV dinners. Being our first time visiting a Paradise Bakery we were a little confused where we order, no one was around & we just kinda stood there at the wrong side, lost. Finally placed our order & by the time we sat down our food was being delivered. I ordered their steak & cheese panini & alfredo tortellini. Panini was okay for the first few bites but the rest was fat & grizzle. Yuck. Alfredo was nothing special, honestly reminded me of cafeteria food. The reason I added one extra star was because of their delicious iced tea & free cookies! Next.
