5	Mama Luigi's is a great place to go for a casual meal. The staff is very friendly and they have a large selection of items on their menu.  Their cheese pizza is one of the best in Las Vegas, plenty of cheese even if you don't order extra cheese on it. Very reasonable Prices and great family meal specials. Large Pepperoni Pizza + 2 liter of soda for $10 bucks. (requires a coupon, but they print millions of them) You can't beat that!
5	Possibly one of the best casual dining places in Las Vegas. Their pizza crust is out of this world, and if you ever have a large off site events, as in big office parties,  its phenomenal. Their antipasti salad presentation is worthy of any high end restaurant in the city. We usually get the pizza and wing special, and it is enough for our entire family of six with left overs the next morning (or at 3am if you get a hankering for some nice cold pizza and a beer in the middle of the night). The restaurant itself is very East Coast and homey; not a bar, but a great place for the kids to eat themselves into a carb coma while mom and dad have a beer and watch TV. Staff is beyond nice and the owners treat you just like they do out East; not pretentious, just like being at a neighbor's house for a few slices and some great wings.
3	For those of you with kids, kids eat free Monday and Thursday from 4 - 9 pm. 12 years or younger free kids meal or endless spaghetti with adult entree purchase! (My bf tried to get this deal, but alas it didn't work!)We decided to come here to order some pasta. Mama Luigi's is known for their pizza and next time that is what we will stick to. I ordered Linguine with Clams (white sauce) and the bf ordered the Chicken Parmigiana. My linguine was overcooked and the clams were from a can. What a disappointment especially since they charged 15.95 for that sucker. It also had so much "sauce" or rather buttah that I felt like it was more soup than anything. I didn't get to try the chicken parmigiana, but the bf said that the spaghetti was al dente and the chicken was good. Overall, I thought that it was cutely decorated inside and I will return for some "pie" instead of pasta.
5	Friendly place for lunch and dinner, with great food and great prices. One of my favorite places to eat in west Vegas.
4	I lived right up the road from Mama Luigi's when I first moved to town, and it's still in a part of town that I frequent regularly.  The pizza and sandwiches weren't the best I've ever had, but they were very good.  The lunch specials they offered were very good and affordable!  And the service was always spot on and friendly.Unfortunately they have closed.  I drove by earlier today at lunch time since I hadn't been in a while and was welcomed only to an empty building.  Sucks because they always seemed to have a decent crowd in tow whenever I went.
