5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. I was in town on business and stopped by for breakfast with a colleague. This restaurant has it all - and all of it good. It is clean and comfortable, service is splendid, and the food is terrific.We were seated promptly and tried the coffee right off the bat, and it was excellent. The cups are small but they were never empty; the service was that prompt. We must have drunk six or seven cups apiece over the course of the 45 minutes or so that we were there.I tried one of their breakfast skillets (the Meat Lovers). I am a big eater and I was unable to finish it. It came out piping hot and it was absolutely delicious.The next time that I get back to Madison, you can bet your boots that I am going to try to get by the Monona Garden.Last but not least, right inside the front door is a large American flag with a tribute to the men and women of the US military. Even if the food had not been good, that alone (especially in a city like Madison) would have been worth at least three stars. My kind of place!
5	I LOVE this place. I've been coming here for about 5 years, mostly for breakfast, but occasionally for lunch and dinner, and I've never had a bad meal. There's almost never a wait, great service, and you'll get your food quickly, even when the place is full. We even came on Mother's Day and waited maybe 7 minutes, had great service and wonderful food. This is rare in the Madison area. The owner, Nick, is hilarious and a great businessman. All of the staff are friendly, funny, and professional. I usually get an omelet or skillet for breakfast. Either one will leave you full - I usually can't finish the skillet. Lots of fresh and delicious ingredients across the board. They have a great club sandwich that I often get for lunch, along with burgers, french dip, and many other standards. Lunch is usually served with fries and your choice of soup (or a salad with a slight upcharge). Coffee is good and your mug will be kept full. Oh, and they just started offering fresh squeezed OJ which is truly delicious!Dinner comes with a bread basket, as well as the soup and fries or other side. They have really nice looking senior specials that are extremely affordable. That being said, the whole menu is extremely affordable. It's a great place for a casual meal.
5	Great service good food at reasonable prices very clean staff great with kids even ice cream with kids meals
4	Went for dinner.  We had the lumberjack burger, and the roast beef & Italian sausage sammie.Both were quite good, and very large portions.  Neither of us could finish.  No room for dessert!
4	I was a little worried when my friends told me that they wanted to meet here for breakfast.  Just from driving by in the past it never really caught my eye as a place I would want to try.They had the breakfast staples that you would expect at a diner.  I got the corned beef hash and scrambled eggs.  The friends got an omelette and a scrambler.  All came with toast or an english muffin.  Everyone was pleased with their meals.  Coffee was good and the service was great.  Our server was back to top us off any time we were down to half a cup.  The restaurant was very clean and our server was polite and continued to top off our coffee even though we sat around and chatted for a little bit after we had finished our food.  Prices were very reasonable.
5	This  place is Awesome!  Clean, fresh air, fabulous  breakfast, friendly staff A+ rating. Highly recommend .
3	Service is great, the dish I got was disappointing, but the server had it taken off my bill without me asking or suggesting to take it off.  Any establishment that does that is top notch in my eyes, they remember how important the guest experience is to people.
5	Good food, family dinner,  not expensive and a lot of food for your hard earned dollar.
4	I like it here. Walked in at around 8AM and was promptly greeted and sat at a nice booth. Almost immediately after that we had a couple waters put on the table and the offer of coffee or juice was given.  And when I say immediately I mean within 20 seconds of being sat. Then the actual server came by and took our order. Food came out quickly and it was a really good breakfast.The only complaint I have is the maple syrup is the artificial stuff and not the real stuff. That's such a minor thing I don't think it's worth mentioning...but the wife was disappointed so here it is.I'd go back, she probably would too.
