5	Can't beat this bargain: drive to the southwest corner of Thunderbird and 35th Ave and pay only $2 for a basic wash for your vehicle in this new car wash. Automated drive-through pay, free vacuum, and free use of the floor mat cleaning machine. The low price for the wash and the free use of the vacuums and mat cleaning machine are the establishment's Grand Opening offerings and it seems like they'll be available for a very extended period. Take advantage while it lasts; at night when the "$1.99 Introductory offer" sign is lit up, you can see the regular price of $4.99 behind it.
5	After several months of offering the $1.99 introductory price, they raised the fee for the basic car wash service to $2.99. This is still below the $4.99 price that lurks behind the new "$2.99" streamer on their signs, and still a great bargain for all that you get in this new, efficient car wash station, including the free use of vacuum and floor mat cleaning machines.
5	-$3.99 basic drive-thru car wash (they have upgrades available).-Today was a FREE car air freshener with upgraded car wash.-FREE use of the car vacuum and FREE use of the floor mat cleaning machine. -A good place to clean out all of the burger wrappers and dried up fries under the car seats.-Entrance/Exit is on 35th Ave (quick right turn if heading south).-Cash or credit card accepted at self-paying machine.-Friendly employee (there is usually someone spraying soapy suds on your car as they direct you onto guided car wash track).-I like that this place is self-service, offers complimentary car cleaning amenities, and is clean.
1	I had the basic car wash today. The plastic scratched the hood and trunk of my car. It also dropped chemicals which took paint off mycar. I took pictures. I called and left a message. I hope some one cares.
1	I used to go to this place 2 times a month.  No problem with the wash itself or the free vacuum but the customer service is so far off I won't go back now.  The guy who is always running the place is very nasty to customers.  Today I had some tree leaves and twigs in the back of my truck, nothing major and it took all of 10 secs for the guy to sweep them out.  Then he proceeded to tell me if I came to their car wash next time without cleaning the back out that they would back me out of the car wash.  So I guess I'll have to go to a  new car wash that doesn't mind spending 10 seconds to sweep out the bed of my truck for my $11.99.  I also asked for the complimentary air freshener and the other guy who was working straight up ignored me and sent me through.  With so many choices in Phoenix for places to get your car washed you'd think they could take the time to think about how they treat their customers.  Maybe they don't care but I do.
1	I went to the location in Gilbert and came out with a big scratch on the hood of my car, the attendent gave me an incident report and said someone would call me, that was August 26th, still no call.  He also proceeded to be rude and tell me I am the only one that ever happened to and they would review the tapes.. Review away, I went in with no scratch and came out with a scratch..  I have left numerous messages on the phone no one answers..  Time to get the BBB involved and maybe notify the City on one of their business
4	Like one of the other guys said if you show up at 8 when they say they open they're not going to be open.  I have been here quite a few times and never had a problem like some of the other people.
1	Experienced the worst customer service here yesterday. It was crowded and lot of cars waiting to have their car wash off when this guy knocked to my window. employee: Hey did you pay?Me: umm what?employee: I said did you pay?me: yes I did payemployee: ARE YOU SURE?!? are you really sure you pay? me: the F*** here is my receipt employee: Well somebody didn't pay. There are four cars when its supposed to be three.He walked off without giving an apology.  *Note - He only talked to me, he didn't talked to the car drivers in front and behind me.
1	Im not sure if this place has anyone managing it cause it is just a huge cluster&*^$. Couple months ago I got the month long unlimited car wash pass. Took 2 days for it to activate and then it renewed 5 days early so you actually only get 22 of the 30 days. I swore I would never get it again but this month I signed up for it again. I was 3 days in the month and no one had activated the pass yet...10% of the month I paid for and I still haven't been able to use it. Trust me when I tell you to stay away from this place. There are so many other car washes and I can guarantee they are actually run by someone who knows what they are doing.
3	The operative word would be "adequate". the $3. 99 basic car wash is pretty much as advertised suitable for rinsing off a light layer of dust if not much more. Bird bombs remained intact, but at 5.99 and up however,  you get a pretty decent automated wash, rinse and blow dry, and no extra charge access to the self-service vacuums  at whatever price.  There's better and there's worse but by and large Clean and Fast Car Wash lives up to its name.
2	Prices are reasonable. Couple things I didn't like - 1. The spot free air blowing thingy at the end, did not do an adequate job in drying the vehicle off (most important part in my opinion). 2. They offer free vacuuming - If you drive a larger vehicle heads up, you can't reach around to the trunk/rear cabin area. I could only reach to the back tires of my Expedition. The main reason I was there was to vacuum out dog hair from that area. Spots are angled so its annoying to try and back in.3. Parking is tight for larger vehicles (Usually not a big deal but it was packed)
3	I go here for the  $2.99 basic car wash and free vacuum. It's cheap and on my way. Can't beat it!
4	Can't beat the price of the $2.99 car wash! My car looks beautiful!! It really lives up to there name, I will be back again! I took one star off due to the two lane express line. You could be waiting a while behind someone that doesn't know how to use the kiosk and those that arrive after you get in before you.
1	I tried to sign up for there $29.99 monthly special. The attendent told me I would need to sign up next time I came in and they were already full for this month (no real managment on site) and very unprofessional. He did not seem interested in signing me up like it was to much trouble. As I was leaving I looked for a phone number or web site address but none is displayed, very suspicious that they do not give any contact info. at there business site. I was using this car wash three to four times a week, now I am going to join a ligimate car wash, there are several close to this one.
1	Wish there was a negative star option. Went there yesterday and the car wash ripped my front fender on my toyota sienna. Didn't notice it till I drove home. Called up and left voice mail. No response. Called back and was told once I leave the property they aren't responsible for any damage. Asked for management to call me and of course never got call back. The"cheap" car wash is going to cost quite a bit for my deductible and time. Also would like to know how many other cars are damaged by the defective equipment
3	You get what you pay for. $2.99 car wash and free vacuums. Can't complain. Just needed to give my car a rinse and some clean out dirt and other random things from my SUV. The car wash served it's purpose and the vacuums worked enough to get the job done. No big complaints since I didn't have to talk to anyone of do anything major. I did notice that not very many employees walking around to see if you're doing fine. Maybe just ask. Overall great bang for your buck.
4	I like this place.  Can't beat a car wash and vacuum for $2.99! There are some things I would change but overall for the price it is completely worth it! The air dryer works but not perfectly so I usually carry a towel to wipe off my car to prevent spots. There are some vacuum areas where you can park where you can use one vacuum for one side of your car and the other for the other side which makes it easier so you don't have to squeeze the vacuum all the way around the car. Bigger cars might need to back in to get the trunk vacuumed but I am able to get everything clean by pulling in front first with my CRV. Overall very impressed I will continue to visit whenever I need to get my car washed!
4	Have to say for weekly touch up this place is amazing. Haven't done anything over the $2.99 wash but like I said it keeps the car clean weekly.
1	Absolutely worst car wash I've been to! Paid to have the "deluxe" wash and it came out with water marks, streaks and dirt everywhere. Took it back where they ran me through a second time at the $3 wash. Came out even worse and the idiot associates tried defending it saying the weather determines how much the water marks will show. Seriously?! Save your money and go to a car wash to get an actually clean car with associates who aren't complete morons
