4	We tend to go to either Meskerem or Red Sea about once a month, so when we heard that there was a new ethiopian place in town we were excited to go try it out. The restaurant is physically quite large and not particularly attractive, but I've always been more concerned with the food than the decor. Luckily, the food holds is quite good and the service is very good as well. The menu has 19 items including appetizers, with the bulk of them being beef and lamb dishes. There are still plenty of vegetarian dishes and one chicken option. The food is comparable to both Meskerem and Red Sea in terms of flavors, so if you are a fan of those places you won't be disappointed here, although I'm also not sure yet whether this is better either. Really all three serve very good food easily comparable to what I've had in NYC and DC. Where the menu stands out is that it includes several dishes that are most definitely geared towards Ethiopian and Eritrean customers. To wit, there are a couple of beef dishes with a 'tartare' option and I had something called Ye-Beg Dilot, which is a delicious mixture of onion, garlic, peppers, beef and lamb organ meats. It was all very well seasoned and cooked. I mention this because unadventurous eaters might be turned off by the idea of some of the dishes (but hey, at that point you should have just gone to the Applebee's or wherever it is people without a taste for good things go). The tej (honey wine) is really nicely balanced and isn't too sweet, and well worth trying. And actually, this is one item that is definitely better here than at the other two restaurants I mentioned above.One odd thing is that the food came out on a separate large plate for each customer. I have only ever had Ethiopian food served on a single communal plate, but they don't seem to be doing that here. A minor disappointment is that there is no meat combination plate, which sort of locks you into one dish. There is a veggie combo, however.In summary: new Ethiopian restaurant (potentially with some Eritrean dishes as well); very good food; unusual menu items; well worth a trying. I'm certainly planning on going back in the near future.
4	I've never had ethiopian before, but my man has, and said, "hey!  you'll like it!  let's go!"....and so we did.  i'm all about expanding my cultural horizons and thinking outside of the applebee's box.  :)I must say i was impressed.  We had all 3 of the appetizers, Timatim Firfir, which is a mix of tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, olive oil and lemon juice, and injera diced up and all mixed together....you can also request this without the injera in it, which i liked better!We had the avocado salad, which comes looking like a giant injera burrito.  It was excellent, and triangle pastries filled with a spice beef mixture and a side of spice green stuff to dip it in.  It was a little more spice than i can handle, but i will admit, i am a spice WEENIE!  However all the food is made to order, so they were very willing to make things more or less spicy for us, upon request, which is SUPER helpful.For the entree we had the Queen Sheeba Special, which was cubed bits of beef in a very nice, tasty sauce, with jalapenos (which were not overly spicy) tomatoes and onions.  You have the choice of having it with injera or rice and we opted for rice since we had plenty of injera with our salad burrito looking things.We ended our meal with ethiopian coffee, which reminded both of us of the flavor of trukish coffee, which we find to be very good.This place is not only a restaurant but also a bar.  We were here on a sunday afternoon, but you could tell they had a dance floor and a stage for bands, and a big screen to play videos on.  i'm sure this place is a jammin' when it's party night.The guy working was very nice and helpful, and was very accomodating.  The only "downside" is the location.  It's not in the best part of town, however i never felt unsafe, but just always be mindful of where you are.  :)
4	EVERYTHING is Made-to Order so you can order each dish as mild or as spicy as you like!  Mild is NICE medium was about as spicy as I usually want!Timatim Fit Fit or Timatim Firfir may sound like a great name for someones spiritual son   and it may be, though this one is a Tomatoes, Green, Pepper, Onion, Oil, Vinegar chopped Injera and wrapped in more InjeraWe also ordered the Timatim Salad (not on the Menu) without the Injera in nor around it - this is my preference for Timatim and this one has good flavor.Ethiopian Coffee!!!  Tastes like Turkish!  My Girlfriend (who is Turkish) said it has Green Cardamom in it and that is why I LOVE the Flavor!!!  Cool Coffee Pot and Mugs!  Great Presentation!!!  Is Ethiopian Coffee supposed to be this good!  I asked the guy about it and my girlfriend thought it was funny that he said "first we grind these coffee beans..."  So far i have only had Coffee in two Ethiopian Restaurants and this was the only one I enjoyed... The other two were not Arabian style like this one!Avocado Salad wrapped in Injera was very good! I have never had this dish.Beef Tibs with Rice, spiced with Rosemary and Cabbage... The Rosemary was a different and nice addition to the Rice that I have not experienced in Ethiopian.The Music on the Music Videos was good and I'm guessing Ethiopian! The neighborhood makes me want to start a fast song when I'm in the parking lot and this song is only sung during daylight hours, I would not be back there at night!  We will be sneaking back during the Day!
4	I gave it 4 stars mainly because of the authenticity and coolness of the establishment. The food is made to order and spicy liked I asked! First time trying Ethiopian food and I liked it. Will be back again!!
5	Really good Ethipian Food.  The avacado salad is a must try!  I have been twice in the last couple weeks, and I will continue to go back.  It's in a sketchier part of town, but don't let that keep you from trying this place!
4	Positives:  1. The food was amazing.  I tried the Queen Sheba Combo and shared it with my husband and it was enough for the two of us and a very good variety of meat and vegetables.  Everything was very well spiced and tasty.  2. Owner is super nice and explained how to eat Ethiopian food sans utensils (this was my first time).Negatives:  1. The decor isn't the greatest.  It has potential, but they really need new tables and chairs.  The coverings on the chairs are a bit gaudy. Also, there could have been some music playing or something - that would have added a nice feel.2. We were the only two people there the entire time we had dinner (we were there from 7:15 - 8:30pm on a Saturday).  If you don't mind being alone in a restaurant then it's not an issue, but if you like to have others around for ambiance, this probably isn't the place for you.Bottom Line:  You may need to overlook the atmosphere, but the food is delicious!
5	I love Ethiopian & Eritrean food and Queen Sheba did not disappoint. We started with the Avocado salad which was very tasty.The espresso was delicious! I had the veggie plate and it was very tasty. The atmosphere is very nice and there is a separate hookah room. I will definitely be back.  So much better than those other places in Charlotte on kings and Charlottetowne avenue....you know who you are...step up your game because there is a real Ethiopian joint in town now :-)
4	Found this place via amazon local. $27 coupon for $53.00 value. Ambiance was great, large tv for TV viewing, hookah next door, and a full bar. The menu was reasonably priced. We literally had to find something else to use the total value of the coupon. There was only one wait staff, so service was slow. I ordered a vegetarian entree and it was great. I will return min the future.
2	DO NOT BUY THE LIVING SOCIAL FOR THIS RESTAURANT!  The short story.  Service was AWFUL, the living social that I paid $27 for was valued at $53, but only got us $30 of food and 2 glasses of dubious wine, food was decent but not what I expected for such high ratings (after having had awesome Ethiopian food in other cities).  Want more details, read below...I was VERY excited about trying out this restaurant.  I love Ethiopian food and have been looking for a great experience here in Charlotte.  After reading all of the rave reviews on Yelp, my husband and I purchased the Living Social deal, expecting a somewhat sketchy environment, but awesome food and service.  We knew from the reviews that the atmosphere would not be incredible.Our service was AWFUL (even though it was not crowded):- our waiter, a middle aged gentleman in glasses, barely spoke to us (I wonder if there was a lack of English)- we had NO refills on our glasses of water- despite being OBVIOUSLY pregnant, he still insisted on dropping off 2 glasses of honeywine- the honeywine came out of plastic bottles and wasn't listed on the menu (homemade without a permit?)- our waiter NEVER asked us how our food was- when we needed a pen to fill out info for the Living Social voucher, he proceeded to help out the drunk behind us and two other couples before retreating behind the bar with his back turned to us (my husband had to go up to the bar to retrieve a pen)- our waiter waited on EVERY other table and the random drunk guy that sat behind us WAY more than he ever bothered to pay attention to us.  Truthfully, as an Asian minority, it almost felt like racism/discrimination, but it wasn't overt.As far as our Living Social, our deal read that we could expect 2 glasses of honey wine, an appetizer, one meat or veggie combo, and one veggie combo for $27, valued at $53.  Our waiter indicated that we could get one appetizer and ONE combo.  When you look at the menu, there are appetizers around $7, veggie courses around $10, meat courses around $13, and combo courses on the far right listed at $23.  So based on the waiter, our $27 Living Social could buy us a $7 appetizer + a $23 combo + 2 glasses of wine (that I doubt costed $10 a piece).  We will be filing a complaint with Living Social momentarily.So why 2 stars?  The food was decent.  Better than the other Ethiopian I've had in Charlotte.  Decent injera, pretty good doro wot and doro tibbs as well. The beef sambosas were good, nicely spiced, but the beef overcooked and chewy.  I also wonder if maybe you go on a different day, you get a different waiter with a different experience.  Yelp has always steered us in a great direction, so I'm surprised at how awful our experience was.
1	Wow... WHAT a disappointment.   My girlfriend purchased the Living Social deal and like the person who posted a couple days ago,  we had extremely poor service (he seemed immediately annoyed that we were using a coupon)  and we too received less than what was advertised.  We almost got up and left when we waited 12 minutes to have our drink order taken.   There were only two other tables busy on the  Friday night night we went.  That should have told us something right there... that and the fact it turns into a Latino disco at 9pm....complete with laser and smoke show.  This was the first Ethiopian restaurant I've been to in Charlotte,  and I wasn't impressed. She said the other one near Uptown was far better and felt like we got ripped off.   In a way, she did as we should have received a separate vegetable plate like they have in their menu.   Instead we received the avocado salad appetizer and the beef tibs plate.   We made the best of it but I know we certainly won't recommend others go there.   Better food out there with less attitude and better service.
4	Like a few other posters, I bought the living social deal for two meals. I instantly regretted doing it when I read the reviews of the service, but our experience was nothing like what I expected! Eden (our waitress) was especially nice and very helpful. She even brought us extra food to sample at no charge. The food and service were at the four star level, but the atmosphere and decor were....bad. No matter! The overall experience made up for it.
4	Yum, yum, yum.  You Charlotteans really need to check out this Eritrean / Ethiopian establishment. The taste level is above what I've experienced at the Meskerem's of the world, and you're definitely in for more of an authentic experience, with real teff injera and more varied menu options such as the tartars.  I went with the avocado salad and veggie platter.  Taste level was outstanding for both -- 5/5.  Perfectly cooked, fresh vegetables and the injera was perfect for me...not too sour with a touch of sponginess.The owner is super nice, and really goes out of his way to make sure you're happy.  I get the sense that it's literally a mom & pop shop.  He even offered me an extra helping of my favorite part of the veggie combo (happened to be the spicy chickpeas).  All I can say is double yum.  :)Why is this not a 4?  Plastic over the tables, a 90" tv showing football matches, and the hookah bar next door detract from the restaurant experience for me.  I'd recommend they go full-on food, because they're that good but apparently they're trying to do the bar thing too which is disappointing but very African-restaurant-esque sadly.
5	Walked into this place and had immediate attention. Me and a friend requested to sit in the small nook that obviously was for friends and fellow Ethiopians. They had no problem with it. Very cool cow hide seating. We had the queen Sheba combo. The lamb was delicious as well as everything else. After dinner we sat in the side room which was a hookah lounge. Great way to finish the night. Pleasant service and people. This is going to be a new to go spot immediately. Thank you
3	It's alright, nothing special.Total hole in the wall in a sketchy part of Central... obviously there won't be ambience.  Food was fine -- injera was spongey and not too sour; wots were flavorful; coffee was nice and strong.  Service was what you would expect at an ethnic hole in the wall.  We opted to get a hookah after dinner... this entailed walking through a sliding glass door to an attached "bar."  It was really tacky and hilarious and once it got late enough, people were actually coming to hang out there.  Unfortunately, one of the bar patrons kept taking phone pictures/videos of me/in my direction... so I left.Oh yah, don't get the homemade honey wine.  Unless you're a bear and like things to taste like straight honey.  Then, get the honey wine.
3	This was our 1st time experiencing Ethiopian food and it was an interesting experience.  The Good:The food seemed really fresh and the hookah was excellent.  The service was also  pretty good.The Bad:This place is located in a not-so great part of Central Ave.  The parking lot is terrible and the decor is probably below average.Summary:If you're looking for a beautiful dining experience, this is probably not the place for you.  But if you're looking for some authentic food and and great hookah (and don't mind being in a tough part of town) this place is a blast.We'd go back!
4	Definitely worth a try! I was a little askance at the location, but when we sat down we enjoyed the chill atmosphere and privacy.We went for my roommate's birthday, and upon learning it was her birthday the owner's (who are also the major servers/hosts) treated she and to beers on the house.The food was fantastic and a great experience as it was my first time trying Ethiopian.  The Doro Wat comes very spicy, warning to the weak of tongue.  The chicken special combo was a great buy and could have fed three people.  If you go for hookah, that can smoked in the bar which is separated to the side of the restaurant.  If you are looking for a party spot, this isn't for you. They were not very populated, but my group preferred that aspect.The only reasons that I have for taking away stars are:* the sketchy location (though it's not unsafe, just in a weird spot)* the hours for the restaurant are 11 am-10pm, and not 11-2 am as listed on the site* the owners are obviously not native English speakers, and were slightly awkward at            first* The food does take a while to get to the tableOtherwise, the Groupons are great buys and you get your money's worth even without one.
4	Queen Sheba has some really authentic well-made Ethiopian food. My roommate and I went to check it out after purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant. $20 for $40 worth of food and between the two of us, we couldn't hit the $40 mark but we were certainly not disappointed. The food was delicious and satisfying and my favorite part of the whole experience was the Ethiopian coffee. Oh my gosh it was so good. The only thing that would turn me off about the place is the location. It's a little shaddy and the service was pretty spotty as well. If I was a very impatient person, I would had a bad experience but food and drinks were mostly worth the wait.
4	If you haven't tried Ethiopian... do it!  I have been to the other couple of Ethiopian places in town, but this one is my favorite.  I have been here twice, once with a Groupon and then out with a group of 6.  If you go here, do not expect anything fancy, but do expect what I would consider authentic Ethiopian.  The first time I had one of the lamb tibs dishes and it was great.  The sambosa is good along with the avocado salad wrapped in injera.  My favorite thing I have had there was the raw short rib, or I believe it was supposed to be short rib.  One of the less adventuresome with food thought he ordered a cooked dish, but it came out raw so I traded with him.  I would recommend trying one of the raw dishes if you are up for it.  Very tender without any fat or gristle.While I am sure you can get in and out in under an hour, I would plan to be there longer.  Both times we went (one time we were trying to make a show, which we did, but we had to press them to get the check), we had a main lady who was awesome and obviously running the place and she had an assistant who seemed lost or at least awaiting orders on what to do next. It took a while to get things ordered and to finally get our check, but then the main lady boxed up my friend's food and gave her a little more when we went on a Wednesday night (I mention it was Wednesday because we were the last ones there around 8:30).  We were inquiring about the coffee ceremony and she ended up giving the 6 of us the coffee ceremony for free.  And that stuff was fantastic.... just plan to be there a while because they roast the beans in front of you, while burning incense, then she brews the coffee and provides 3 cups per person.  After all that was done, she then brings us honey wine.  We have no charges for the honey wine or the coffee, although I would have expected to pay for the coffee since we asked for it.The reason I didn't give 5 stars was because it definitely is in a less desirable neighborhood and the service was different than expected (not unwelcomed, just different when you are thinking of going to dinner for an hour with friends on a week night).  But please do not let this deter you from checking this place out with an open mind.  I highly recommend this place for something a little different, but also very friendly and welcoming.  The main lady really makes you feel like you are in her home and she wants to show you a good time.
4	Queen Shaba was my first experience eating Ethopian Food. Had the Doro Tibs and they absolutely destroyed me... In the greatest way imagine able. Grilled chicken doused in spicy Awaze sauce. Dry bread was on point.
1	I  tired Queen Sheba Restaurant and where can i began with  my unpleasant experience. The  waiter or owner was extremely rude. i advise by a friend that his place was bad new but the review seem to show that it may be a hidden gem. boy was i wrong.  i have never experience poor service this bad ever. i want the waiter to explain what where some of the dishes and what do he recommend and he talk to me as if i was a 2nd class citizen. i had to get up and get my own water . and when it was time to pay he just add everyone bill up and divided by 3 . no receipt no explanation. the food was ok but the service cause me to never return and we i didn't have a groupon like the other unhappy customer. beware. bad parking, risky side of town if you are alone.
1	Customer Service was the WORST!!! . As it was our first time eating Ethiopian food ,  we tried to ask questions about different dishes and etc. our waiter was rude and completely   uninterested in giving suggestions and actually seemed irritated when we asked questions. The waiter/owner had the nerve to answer his cellphone while he was in the middle of taking our order. SERIOUSLY!  The food was OK  and I would have came back to try  more  dishes but  not after that experience. If you want to stay in business you need to  act like you actually WANT your customers .  When it comes time to pay they don't give you an itemized receipt rather they tell you how much you owe. It seems to get an actual receipt is impossible. Needless to say never again.- Next time  I will try Meskerem.
1	Food was horrible, service was horrifying and they act ask If they never heard of groupon. It took forever Tip get water. The waitress was too busy seeing her boyfriend behind us to pay us any attention. The Food took forever and it was sooo nasty. The manager was rude, questioned us about the hookah in which I paid for. The hookah was in a hispanic club connected next door and it was dirty and didn't pull will at all for hookah. I often do hookah and this by far was the worst. Do not come to the place if you're looking for something new to try,  professional, clean. It's located in a awful location
1	Bad location! One star because the music was too loud and our food was REHEATED.We ordered a five food platter. it was good at first until we at a piece of a chicken leg. The inside of it was cold. We asked for rice and we got Reheated rice because the bowl was very hot and the rice was warm. The chicken was reheated because when we picked it up from its black sauce, the inside of the leg was purely cold. If I wanted reheated food, I would go home and look in the fridge. Our waters never refilled our waters as well as they sat back and enjoyed the music. We Will never go back!
5	Very good food and a different experience. Came her for anniversary and left fat and happy!  I recommend it!  I don't care if this review is shorter than most. I have said all I have to say and am wondering why yelp forces me to add more than I have to say. Ridiculous. That is all. Good food and atmosphere.
4	Queen sheeba was very good. My first adventure into ethiopian food. The avocado salad was very delicious.  We also has a chicken and beer dish. Beef dish was tasty but chewy. They only have one server so plan on a wait. We got there at 4:30 so we were taken care of.
4	We drove to Charlotte on a whim yesterday and decided to try Queen Sheba for dinner. So glad we did!We arrived during the last 20 minutes of the Germany/Argentina World Cup finals. There was definitely some spirited enthusiasm and competition among the other patrons, which really made it fun (although the owner apologized for how loud it was...we didn't mind!).The atmosphere is somewhat dark and filled with incense, which was fine by me. I'd rather be somewhere with it's own character than in a restaurant box that looks like every other restaurant box.The food was excellent. Now my favorite Ethiopian in Charlotte. We split the Chicken Combo, which was plenty for two, and ate every bit of it. The waitress even joked "were you starving, or was it that good?". It was that good! The honey wine is worth a try...although it tastes like neither honey nor wine, rather an almost malty beer-like flavor. Service was friendly, albeit somewhat slow...but we wer not expecting fast food, so we just sat back and enjoyed ourselves.If you've never tried Ethiopian food before, here are some things to keep in mind:1. If you don't like your food spicy, be sure to mention this to the server2. You are going to be eating with your hands. No utensils provided. Just grab a hunk of injera (bread) and use it to scoop up your food.3. This style of eating is great for sharing with others, so bring a group of friends and dig in!Other reviewers comments on the location are valid. The plaza is a bit run-down. Don't let this stop you from stopping by for a great meal.
5	Obviously, the food is top-notch Ethiopian. Prices are decent and justified. However, my biggest and most helpful recommendation... TRY THEIR HOT TEA & COFFEE/ESPRESSO! Insanely, mind-numbingly tasty.
4	Decided to try this place because of their Groupon. The first time we went, the doors were locked and it looked deserted. The hours were listed as open, but they were definitely not.I gave them a call a few nights later and somebody answered so I knew they were definitely open that time. I'm glad I gave them a second chance because the food was delicious. I definitely recommend the queen Sheba platter and the avocado salad to share. The injeera is also just the right level of sponginess. Would definitely go back.
4	This was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I must say that I was not disappointed . This place is located off Central and it's easy to miss if your not paying attention the outside looks shabby but the inside is beautifully decorated with Ethiopian art and decor. Our server was very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu! The food is cooked fresh and is phenomenal. I ordered a vegetarian lentil dish with cabbage and green beans the dish is good and the cabbage is amazing. I also treated my self to freshly brewed Ethiopian coffee plus this place makes a nice place for acozy intimate date !!
5	I love this place!! The avocado salad is really good and if you haven't been before I recommend the chicken combo. Some dishes are served raw so if your not into that they taste just as good cooked. As a child I always got in trouble for eating with my hands but here it's exactly what your supposed to do and in my opinion it taste better that way. For sure worth a try. The staff there is very nice and the service is fast. My daughter cried because she didn't want to go and the waitress carried her out and put her in the car!
4	This was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I must say that I was not disappointed . This place is located off Central and it's easy to miss if your not paying attention the outside looks shabby but the inside is beautifully decorated with Ethiopian art and decor. Our server was very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu! The food is cooked fresh and is phenomenal. I ordered a vegetarian lentil dish with cabbage and green beans the dish is good and the cabbage is amazing. I also treated my self to freshly brewed Ethiopian coffee p.s. This place makes a nice place for acozy intimate date !
