5	This is officially my favorite toy store! There's a play area for a charge of $9 per kid but it was worth it for me. This place also carries a nice selection of educational toys.
4	This store moved from the Promenade to the NW corner of Scottsdale and Thunderbird.   It is a wonderful store, with a lot of educational toys and some original ones.  The play area is really nice.  I think my twins are about to outgrow it, but it is worth spending sometime there.  Last time we were there about 1 and 1/2 hours.  It is $9 per child and they can play with all the toys for as long as they want.  The place is very clean.  Kids and parents are required to wear socks.  The day I went there was a mom and kid who were barefoot.  I guess they don't police it very well, but hopefully people will understand that it is the only way to keep the place neat.    The play area is for children up to 5 years old.  On a hot summer day, it is a very good option.
4	A doll-lover's paradise! Floor after floor of enticing products and adorable displays. Don't forget to check out the historical character section, where each doll has a full-sized diorama that lets you pick into one of many different historical periods. If you are going to spend some time shopping, make a free personal shopping appointment. The personal shoppers will help you find exactly what you want Other reviewers keep saying that the dolls at American Girl are expensive- but they're heirloom quality items. A similar doll from Target will have matted hair within a week, but American Girl uses high quality materials. Friends have dolls who are over twenty years old and still in excellent condition.
5	It would be nearly impossible to beat this toy store - anywhere, anytime, and in any city. Unbeknownst to me until today, I just learned that it is the Oldest Family Owned Miniature, Doll, and Toy Store in North America! I believe it - the selection of toys, dolls, and miniatures (doll house stuff) is INSANE. It's better than FAO Schwartz in New York City for usability and selection. If you need a birthday present for a baby, toddler, elementary, or even junior high age kid.... this is the place to go. The owner(s) are engaging, helpful, and actually customize your gift giving experience and offer recommendations on the newest and hottest toys. They offer complimentary gift wrapping too, thank you very much! This place is like going to your neighborhood wine store that offers a small selection of handpicked wines. Many Melissa & Doug picks, literally hundreds of "crafting" type of kits, from crocheting, knitting, to pillow making and scrapbook making. Many of them are marked "Best Toys 2012, etc." and other labels so you kind of know if they are tried and tested.I have purchased every single birthday present that we've needed here over the past 8 years or so, and many holiday gifts as well. You could literally do all of your holiday shopping here in one trip. The games are very unique, many of them classics... think Operation, Scrabble iterations, Chess, dolls, dominoes, etc. You can absolutely find something here everytime for any party that nobody else will buy or bring when everyone else just went to Target on their way to the party.My kids are beyond toddlerville now, but this place now has an entire side reserved for younger children to play in, and there are tons of scheduled playtime type of events, like the recent "Meet Elsa" events that were very popular.Love that this place is family owned and is run exactly the way a small biz should be run - with attention to detail, service, and that warm fuzzy feeling that makes you feel awesome spending a few bucks there.
5	This is hands down the BEST toy store in Arizona! The inventory is not found anywhere else! They have fun MADE IN THE USA toys, as well as SUPER educational toys, and the best part is the hands on PLAY AREA! For $9 your kid can play with and testing out many of the toys they have in the store. This fun, interactive play area is HUGE! Kids don't want to leave! Check them out, you won't be disappointed!  IN LOVE WITH THIS STORE
