5	Cute little place - the lattes were great!
5	This quirky place is developing coolness. Been a here  few times and the lattes weresuper the milk /and  or soy milk is steamed to perfection, by the very nice and detailoriented owner, it was frothy creamy good, maybe one the best I've had.  Another surprise here are the muffins: the banana chocolate and the blueberry are absolutely fabulous. They are made in house and when the word gets out they better start baking a lot more. Had a few of the sandwiches for lunch and they are way above your typical cafe.  The Raspberry smoothie was great too. I used the word quirky here because their hours have not been consistent. This place is a diamond and only a little bit in the rough.
4	Bare bones interior is putting it mildly, but these two are the dynamic duo of coffee. They roast their own beans and make an exceptional cappuccino (or latte, or macchiato, or espresso...). Also the nicest mugs in town (you'll see what I mean). Lovely pastries and samba piped over the speakers.Why not five stars? The place is closed mondays and tuesdays! MONDAYS AND TUESDAYS! The two most difficult days of my week. Quite busy by 10AM, but could use a little life (decoration or something) inside...Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	We were told by a friend's family member that Montreal has heaps of small cafes in the area that we were staying and that coffee in any of them would be good. With 2 coffee connoisseurs in our group we went to the closest cafe to our apartment. The decor of the place threw me off as there wasn't a "cafe" vibe to it but more of a coin laundry feel. However the coffee's were amazing.It could have been the fact that we had been hunting for coffee for over a week and so our tastebuds were looking for anything that tasted good. I'd recommend going here if you're in the hunt for a good coffee.
5	One of my favorite stops in the plateau. The owner is such a sweetheart, and a wonderful baker. The blueberry muffins are amazing, the best in the city, and the coffees are great. She makes her own liquid sugar for coffee, and the atmosphere is very calm and open.
