5	Gotta say, I wasn't expecting a lot from this place, simply based on the surrounding circumstances.A gentleman backed into the back door of our minivan while we were sitting parked in a shopping center lot. He had a questionable paperwork on what appeared to be a fly-by-night insurance company. The vehicular damage appeared superficial, and no one was injured, but we did notice the rear passenger side "dragging" afterward.Dealing with the insurance company was iffy, so I really expected their repair shop to be a bunch of crooks, too. How wonderful it can be to be wrong!Rick greeted me and talked over the details of the incident immediately, no- nonsense, and no runaround. He personally inspected the van, and even brought me into the back of the shop to show me the culprit of the dragging - a broken suspension! Sadly, it wasn't related to the incident.  It did add a considerable chunk to repair costs (which were reasonable!), and the van isn't worth the amount it would have cost to keep her running safely. Rick generously agreed to allow me to store the van at his shop for a few days while we figured out what to do with it.  He went above and beyond that, making sure we got a good rate on a rental for the week, since insurance would not be covering repairs after all.Although my experience with Atlas didn't involve any of their body work, their ethic has proven to be wonderful. I can only imagine the quality performance you will receive from the guys here, and strongly recommend the shop based on their honesty, openness, fair quote, and willingness to work with the difficult case I gave them.Thanks, Rick (and crew)!
5	After running in to a big Ford F150 my 2005 Honda Accord folded like an accordion, no pun intended. Maybe that is why they call it an Accord. So, I immediately started a claim. My insurance company recommended a body shop for me but I was apprehensive in letting them do body work on my car. Just because of possible back door side deals. I may be a little bit paranoid but the auto body repair and auto parts industry is very shady and you have to make sure that you go to a reputable establishment. As an insurance consumer, you are entitled to go to any body shop that you like. So the quest begins. I asked my friends and consulted the internet but the company I work for offered some deals and discounts with some local businesses. So, I stumbled in to Atlas Auto and Body. I called the place and spoke with one of the owners. His name was Rick and he was very professional over the phone. He was courteous and friendly. 1. I dropped my car off on a Wednesday.2. picked it up on a Friday 3. I was a wee bit disappointed! ....they forgot to fix my rear number and some of the stuff was not lined up. My front bumper was coming loose after 2 days of driving. 4. I was not happy .......So, I called the shop back and expressed my concerns. Rick, one of the owners let me know that he would take care of it.Round 2They put me in a rental car and I was informed that they would get it all finished in a day. Finally, I got my car back and I was extremely satisfied,  my car looked great. Aside from the the first mess up. I was completely satisfied. Rick apologized for the inconvenience and it was a clear to me that he truly takes pride in his work and I respect that. There were no excuses he took responsibility and he just took care of me. It made feel comfortable that I can trust him with future body work and/or automotive work.Atlas Auto and Body...you made me unhappy in the beginning but you redeemed yourself by taking care of the customer (me) with no questions asked.
1	As of right now terrible experience. wouldn't recommend it to anyone!
1	After reading some of the reviews, we were confident about bringing our car in to get it fixed.  It was finished several days late.  They told us that there was a part that they need to order, and they told us to bring the car back in once the part came in.  A week  passed by, we called; the part still hadn't come in.  One of the guys promised that if the part still don't come in by certain date, he would give a refund.  We called on the date; he said he would never promise anything like that.  They kept passing the phone around, and each of them gave different answer.  We asked the insurance company to handle the situation, and they ignored the insurance calls.  Literally it took a little over two months till they gave it and gave us the refund.  I would never go back or recommend this place to anyone.
1	Took my Hyundai Azera to be repaired at atlas auto body 1. Was told 1 week for repairs. It took 5 weeks 2. I was told my car was ready 3 times. Only to get there and it was not. 3.final bill was $2000 more then quoted. 4.rental car bill was $1200 and insurance would only pay $500 because the repairs should not have taken more then 2 weeks so I got stuck with that. Both Rick and Ron as so full of Sh*t. After 5 weeks and almost $7000 in repairs. My car was returned to me without even a wash. All the dust and crap they used to repair it not even wiped off. Stay away from this place!!!
5	April 9, 2014Online I searched for a good auto body paint shop for my Jaguar 2006. I was impressed with Atlas Auto Body's website in that it was family owned and operated. In addition, they offered many other services. Initially, I had my new unpainted gas/fuel flap painted by Atlas and I was extremely impressed with the high quality of the paint results, so I decided to have the entire car painted.After speaking to Rick the Owner regarding painting my Jaguar he assured me that it would be a high quality paint job just like my fuel cap. During the process Rick and his son Cody assured me of excellent results. When I went to pick-up my car, I noticed my car was in the parking area, I was ecstatic, I mean extremely impressed and amazed that it was, of such high quality paint results; I couldn't believe it! In addition, they performed extra cosmetic work that included attaching and installing some loose ends that had fallen off/came loose on the interior and exterior; also, they installed the wheel motifs on each spoke wheel; and all this without charge. During my visits to Atlas Auto Rick, Ron, Cody and staff were extremely professional, courteous and friendly. Rick and his son Cody took time out to always explain things to me and they were extremely patient and understanding of my concerns. I was also impressed with the high quality of cosmetic work that was performed on other vehicles that I observed and spoke to a couple of people who were also impressed and happy with their work performance as well. So, if you want your vehicle repairs and painting done properly, I personally recommend calling or go by to see Ron at Atlas Auto Body, you won't regret it! I now love my new 2006 Jaguar.Sincerely, Rosie Cain
1	Let me start from the beginning. I took my car in for an estimate. They had me sign paperwork for them to look at it. Then told me because of that paperwork I HAVE TO HAVE THEM FIX IT. I am not allowed to take my car out of their shop unless I pay them for the days it took them to look at my car $3,000.00. Because I didn't have the money I told them they can fix it. Then they were two weeks late on fixing my car. My rental ran out from my insurance company. I live in San Diego and had to travel up to Vegas multiple times because he told me it was fixed then he told me it wasn't. Worse place ever. The guy seems nice because he uses the word Hun and sounds like he's going to work with you. But for the love of God do not fall for that. EVER! Wouldn't send my worst enemy to this shop.
1	So I just picked up my car... It sounds like there's a plane flying over me as I drive it... Great!
5	Atlas really did a great job on a car I needed fixed fast. They were a big help when I was in need. My rear bumper, was dented and the light was cracked. They guaranteed to fix the car the next day most likely by the end of the next business day. I was skeptical but gave them a chance. Left my car with them at 8am and I got a call at 9:20am the next day telling me my car was finished. That was great considering time is money. Most places would have taken 3-7days to fix. I was amazed with the quality of the work. The price they gave me was reasonable. I showed them another car I had fixed recently at another place, to get there expert advice on the body and paint work. They are very knowledgable and confirmed my concerns that the other body shop had done a bad paint job, not a good color match and did not place the front bumper properly, it was not lined up. They even advised me on what to say to the other body shop, and if the other shop was giving me problems to give them a call and they would help refer me to the right people to help me with them. After going to atlas I was confident and went to the other body shop told them I was unhappy with there work and it worked. Everything they told me was correct and now the other shop agreed to fix  the car again. Couldn't be more happier with this shop, fast, great costumer service,good price, great work, family owned, highly recommend!!! Wish I would have just gone here in the first place.
5	Friendly, efficient and just plain good at what they do. Needed a new hood for my Prius. They cut me a great price and did great work. Family owned and run.
