4	This B&N is fairly new - less than 5 years I think. The staff are very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Like most B&N's they allow and encourage browsing of magazines and books alike. If they don't have the book you are looking for just ask someone and they will find it. Great place to hang out while my wife is shopping...lol.
4	Pretty new building and they have a pretty good selection in books. As Steve mentioned they're pretty nice in finding you a book. They have the usual Starbucks inside which is also pretty good. (Staff is friendly and the service is great)
2	I was actually disappointed in my recent experience at Barnes & Noble.  I recently went into this particular store in search of a certain book trilogy that has been hyped up in the media. Anyhow, I entered here and was not greeted as I am use to back in Iowa. I roamed around looking for what I was after for a bit of time, as the associate at the service counter appeared busy on the phone. Was it a business call or personal?!?  The associates I encountered seemed as if they were annoyed and didn't care for their jobs. The young man at the register also left a lot to be desired. It were as if he were a robot. I'll give the place another chance in the future, due to the proximity to home. However, I won't expect good customer service. A firm two stars simply because of location.
5	This place has the same effect on me as yoga, minus the sweat :DI love bookstores, & B&N never fails to please :) *Cool- very important in AZ!*Perfectly lit- flattering lighting keeps everyone looking their best ;)*Friendly Customer Service- no grumpy pants here! *Starbucks cafe on-site- books & coffee/tea go hand in hand*Free WiFi- there's plenty of seating in & around the cafe area to set your computer up. *Outdoor seating- In the cooler months, so November through March, it's nice to set up camp outside and do some people watching *Website- I love, love, love that I can go on their website and see if they have the book I want. If they have it I can reserve it and go pick up. If they don't, I can order it & they'll let me know when it arrives!  All of these things always make my time spent there relaxing and enjoyable :)
4	Well organized, has a Starbuck's.  'Nuff said.
5	Barnes & Noble has a great smell a good coffee at Starbucks. I love their magazine selection and all of the employees were really attentive and nice to me. They also have great prices on books and Trinkets
5	Our fav place in surprise!!!! We are here at least once a week and frequent the cafe.  Jessica over at the cafe is our favorite barista!  Every week we come in and she whips us up a different delicious treat! Jessica is one of the reasons we always return, (She is the bees knees) her and all the amazing books! We hope this place will ALWAYS BE HERE!!!!
5	Bought some great books at great prices!  Always love to read but never got used to reading on my IPad.  I'm old school!  Need the feeling of the book in my hand!Having Starbucks in the place is great!  Free wifi of course is good too!  Great place!  Keep those little minds busy!
