5	Innovative Integrations and Joe V. have been awesome!!!  We greatly appreciate Joe's knowleged of home automation, audio and video solutions.  He's also great at suggesting value added technology solutions that aren't on my radar. He's keeps his commitments adn is there when he says he wil be. Last, and most important, is that he's a man of integrity, trust and respect.  You can feel safe knowing he's the guy in your home. I highly recommend Joe V. and Innovative Integrations!
5	I highly recommend Joe and Innovative Integrations!  Joe has worked on several different projects for us over the years and his knowledge and expertise in his field never cease to amaze me.  He's very reliable and trustworthy and I've recommended him to many of my friends.  Well done Innovative Integrations.. keep on doing what you're doing!
5	I hired Innovative Integrations to come in and do my new salon Scottsdale Beauty Bar, in Oldtown Scottsdale. Joe was very percise with everything he did. He offered a lot of knowledge with his expertise as to what we could do at an affordable price, He did my security along with my surround sound. It is amazing the things he offers and how efficiantly it all works. He gave me mulitple different advances to my business. One of them being as easy as a four digit code and speakers he wired and built into the wall. Joe set it up so that any employee can come in use there four digit code to disarm the system and as soon as they do so the music comes one, it also texts me as soon as the alarm is disarmed with whoever it was that used there code, so I know who is in and out at all times, its amazing what can be done. Joe is also great at customer service if at any time there is a problem he is notified by myself or one of my staff and is over within the same day. In fact all the times there has been problems has been with the internet and yet he still takes time out of his day to try and reset it even though that isn't his job. Joe also built in my speakers into the wall and made them blend perfectly as if they were a part of the decorations. I have had a lot of clients comment on the music daily and I have happy employees day to day. My experiance with Innovative Integrations and Joe has been the best any business owner could ask for. I will be using him in the future as there are many options I still have. Thank you Innovative!
