5	I LOVE this hair salon. I was introduced to Vee, the owner of Hair Nirvana, through a friend and decided to give him a try. I just moved here and was nervous to entrust someone to my hair because I am: 1) Vain2) A worry wartI have used the same stylist for the last three years and never had to worry about my hair. So, this was a little nerve wracking to say the least. When I arrived at Hair Nirvana I immediately noticed the beautiful decor. Vee, the owner, has beautifully decorated the salon with Tibetan and Navajo art and jewelry. After asking about the art, I found that he is Navajo and studies Tibetan Buddhism. He purchases all of his good via fair trade and tries to use his salon to highlight Native American artists. This was the first clue that I wound up in the right place. After we sat down in the chair he did an assessment. He looked at my hair to see how it naturally fell against my bone structure. We talked for a moment about what I was trying to accomplish and what would be best for me. He really took the time to listen and didn't just force his idea of beauty on me. After the consultation he washed my hair and then gave me a beautiful hair cut. Not an "ok" hair cut, not an "I'm sorta satisfied" haircut. He did an awesome job. I went out after I got my hair cut and got half a dozen compliments immediately. I am excited to return to his salon. I have since gotten a California Smooth treatment which has left my hair so smooth and nice. It is really easy to work with now, it was a little coarse and frizzy before the treatment. I also found out that he does color with organic products which is pretty exciting.I am glad that I was unexpectedly turned on to this salon. I have a handful of cards and am now on a Hair Nirvana crusade, giving his card out to anyone who shoots me a compliment. :)
5	I can't imagine a more fulfilling place to get one's hair done.  Setting aside that I always look far better leaving than arriving, Hair Nirvana is a wonderful place to visit.  I spend almost as much time browsing (and buying) from the Navajo and Tibetan arts and crafts as I do in the chair.And Vee is a wonderful person to talk to, to listen to, and it is a privilege to know him.
5	Never has my hair been in better hands! Just when I thought my hair couldn't look any better, I am always so pleased to learn that yes, as a matter of fact it does every single time I leave Hair Nirvana. Vee is a master at his craft! After sharing with Vee (My Hair Stylist) my traumatizing story of hair disasters, I saw Vee listening attentively to every word I said. I explained that since my hair had to be cut so short last time from a previous Stylist's disaster approximately 6 years ago because an undisclosed Stylist was not  being extremely careful to lift my hair color from mousy brown to blond! And so Vee and I's journey began about  6 years ago. Vee, my Stylist really listened attentively and saw my vision of having  beautiful long, silky, golden blond hair (as Vee has achieved). This vision has come true with Vee's patience, and understanding that each strand of my hair must be treated ever so delicately, because it takes years to grow back, so I have no room for error. Hair Nirvana has a mysterious Zenlike feel to it! When you walk in you are transcended to a world where your troubles do simply melt away! He has a television that constantly shows beautiful nature scenes along with super relaxing music played at just the right volume. You can choose to chat with him about anything you can think of or merely close your eyes and truly escape the hustle and bustle just outside. I can't say enough how absolutely thrilled I am to have Vee as my Hairtstylist! Today, I can't stop being thankful enough for the beautiful, long, silky, healthy, shiny blond hair I have and I have only Vee to thank for that!  And the compliments, wow, everyone is in awe of my gorgeous locks!Thanks a million Vee for making my life that much better now that I absolutely love my hair!!! I seriously have no bad hair days! Just great ones!
5	This is Zan- Janet's wife.  I just got back from getting my hair done with Vee at Hair Nirvana.  After much dread in trying to find a stylist I can trust out here in Scottsdale, I can happily say; I found him!  When I first found him here on Yelp, after pages and pages of stereotypical "Scottsdale Salons," I knew I had found something special.  The salon itself is also a store, filled with organic hair products, fair trade products- many handmade by refugee Tibetan monks, products handcrafted by Native Americans he knows and purchases from directly, and more.  It's a beautiful little shop, and my wife Janet- who is an SGI Buddhist- enjoyed browsing while Vee tended to my hair.  Now, I'm painfully shy and socially awkward, and I always dread having to find someone new to do my hair- but the moment I walked in and Vee greeted me, I felt at ease.  Perhaps a little too much, as my nerdy rambling quickly took over the conversation.  He's a genuine, friendly guy that can make you feel as if you've known him for years.  I could totally picture him hanging out with my motley crew of friends and fitting right in with us weirdos (in a good way).  That aside, I went in only for a cut... but he had a fantastic deal on touching up my highlights, I simply had to take advantage of it.  My hair looks fantastic, smells even better, and I look 10 years younger.  The fact that he is such a stickler for natural, organic and sulfate free products makes me respect and like him even more.  I hate having my photo taken, but wanted to include a photo of how great my hair looks, anyway.  That's how much I love what he did.  He truly listened to exactly what I wanted, and did exactly as I asked- but made it look even better than I had pictured it in my head.  A win-win.  I'll be back to Vee from now on... I am a new, loyal client.  Thanks, Vee!
5	I've always had trouble finding someone that understood how to style my hair.  Vee is the only one that gets it.  He's so willing to suggest new styles when I need a change.  I always leave feeling amazing.  The vibe is calming here an allows you to have some me time.
5	Have you ever been to a stylist that sat and talked about your hair for 15-20 minutes before they even started cutting?!? My guess is no! From the moment I walked into Vee's hair salon I was immediately transformed into a calming state..which is very rare when you have a 2 year-old!  I digress...back to Vee.  He's just AMAZING.  I am one who does not like to do anything with my hair...except put it up in a ponytail.  However, sometimes I do use a hairdryer and I have to say that my hair has never looked or felt so amazing! Vee uses only organic products and they are fantastic!I only get my hair cut every 5-6 months, I know I need to go more, and Vee remembers me as soon as I walk into the door.  Like I was one of his regulars. Did I mention price yet...dont think so... Vee is very very reasonable.  He charges $45 dollars for a cut.  You wont find that price anywhere in a Scottsdale salon!  Please just go!!  You will find your stylist for life here!!
