5	"Fast casual" restaurant.Also inexpensive and GREAT.
4	Always fun to check out new spots in Uptown Charlotte. This was a fun spot. Everyone was very helpful and super jazzed about their store opening. I had the Newks Q sandwich which was amazing! And followed up with a sampling of the carrot cake which is made locally and also delicious! Can't wait for more visits!
3	When I left work for lunch I picked a direction and started walking until I saw a place I'd like to try.  Today the direction was North and the Place was Newk's.  The place was very busy even on a cold day.  The line to order was short and moved quickly.  I ordered a shrimp Po'boy which comes with 1 side.  I chose the coleslaw.  I thought I was going to have a hard time finding a place to sit, but there were a couple of bar type seating areas for the onesies & towsies.  It took a while to get my food, but not out of line for as busy as it was.  The sandwich always looks bigger & better in the photo on the menu board, but it was pretty good.  The bread was fresh with a hard crust and chewy center.  The shrimp were cooked just right.  The side of coleslaw was bland though with no flavor.  The sandwich came with some cocktail sauce and an aioli mayo or aioli tarter sauce (not quite sure which, but it was very tasty).  I mixed some of the  aioli into the slaw and BAM!, that kicked up a notch.   The menu is pretty extensive with salads, sandwiches (toasted and deli), and soups.  You can also get a half & half special (get you mind out of the gutter please) which is half of a sandwich/salad/soup combo mix and match as you please.   The shrimp Po'boy was kind of pricey, $10, but it was very tasty.  Next time I'll probably get the soup/sandwich combo as some of the soups looked pretty tasty.  If I could give half stars Newk's would get 3 1/2, but I can't go 4 up to because of the bland coleslaw.
4	Newk's is a nice quick cafe on Tryon.  They have an eclectic mix of sandwiches, salads, soups, and pastas centering around a $8 price point.  They also serve a selection of beer and wine.  I tried out the "Newk's Q" sandwich and some white bean and sausage soup and found it satisfying.  They had some tempting deserts as well that I wouldn't be above trying out.  The interior is clean, warm and welcoming and the staff really stood out as friendly - with constant check ins even though it is more of a fast food place.  It is a little pricey compared to fast food places, but affordable when compared to full service restaurants.
3	My only experience to date with Newk's was seeing their name on the window in Blakeney.  And that name, oh that name.  What the heck is a Newk?  Is it a newt?  Some sort of supply store for witches?  I really had no idea.  Even driving past it was tough to tell.  It looked like some sort of day care.So when the opportunity arose to check out Newk's new location uptown, I decided to give them a chance, and while I do not often get uptown - or in Blakeney, for that matter - I decided to give them a go.  I am glad that I did, because it was worth it.The fare at Newk's is tasty.  Very tasty.  Mostly composed of sandwiches, but not like the kind you make out of the leftovers in the fridge, you should be pleasantly surprised at what you find.  You can also get soups and salads, and even desserts.What is really the most interesting comes down to either the condiment bar, loaded with extras (at no extra charge) to add to your order, or perhaps the service - which at least during the opening was awesome.It remains to be seen if Newk's will be the same once regular old business doldrums set in.  But for now, at least, it is something out of the main fast food aisle, and for that reason, worth checking out if you have a chance.  The only difficulty that raises is that it is so different, and the menu a bit sparse (it is not quite a regular sit-down restaurant), that you might have trouble ordering.
2	So Ive never actually been to News to dine but I have been to two events catered by them.The first was advertised as a brunch (my complex put it on) but was sad to see it wasn't breakfast foods at all. The food was at least good though. When you expect breakfast and get lunch you cant help to be  a bit disappointed. This may have not been their fault though to be fair.Last night I went to a second and while the food was alright they had no labels on anything -  one salad dressing choice( blue-cheese?).  They didnt have vegetarian options on their sandwich tray-which was over-packed and hard to decipher or pull apart. It would have been nice to have tongs for the sandwiches seeing that it was a public event and the idea of everyone touching my food is not particularly appealing. They also didnt even provide a spoon for the salad dressing- it had a plastic knife in it!The chicken salad was good as was the pasta salad. I loved the HUGE delicious rice-crispy treats. I may try this again at the location but I wouldn't recommend them for catering that's for sure!
3	Tasty sammies in Uptown?! Sure, I'll bite!Even though I don't work Uptown, the bank haven was sorely missing a quick and quality lunch spot. Enter Newk's. Well positioned on Tryon, Newk's offers a smattering of fresh salads, sandwiches and the like. Plus, they're open pretty late!I had the half & half combo - roasted turkey sandwich and chicken & dumpling soup. The freshness was there, the french bread holding my sandwich had a nice toasty crunch and the soup was hearty. So, yeah, it was good, not incredible, amazing, can't get enough. Plus, it was a wee bit on the pricey side - close to $10 for my meal & beverage. Nevertheless, for friendly staff and a quick & filling meal amongst many a steak house and pricey restaurant, Newk's is a solid choice Uptown!
3	Another sandwich place has opened in the already crowded sandwich place market in Uptown.  The restaurants run the gambit from basic lunch meat on Wonder bread to up to rather interesting panini to cater to all types of tastes and wallets.  Not entirely sure where Newks would fit into the spectrum we decided to give it a try.Our first trip was actually for their soft opening on a Wednesday night.  In the spirit of full disclosure, the food was free on this first trip.  Despite it being a soft opening the staff was knowledgeable and efficient and the food was good.  The second time we went I looked at the prices.  While not outrageous considering the quality and quantity, they seemed high for most of the menu items are sandwiches and salads.  The food was no doubt good but I know I've had as good for a dollar or two less.
4	Pretty good soup/salad/sandwich place in Uptown.  I usually get the soup/1/2 sandwich combo (and always the grilled veggie sandwich, which has been consistently good).  Their salads look pretty amazing, but I've yet to partake myself.Newk's gets packed at lunch, but despite the seeming chaos, the people who work there seem to be busting their rears and getting the food out as fast as they can. And, even though it seems slammed, you can usually find a place to sit pretty quickly.  They have 4 soup options that change everyday, but, be warned--most of their soups are fatty fatty cream-based (including the tomato!??), so you always have to ask which soup is broth-based. My only complaint of this place would be to lay off the cream-based soups!
4	Ever since Newk's opened in Blakeney, it was not allowed to be on "the list" because the only review my wife had heard about the place was from someone who's favorite restaurant is Chili's.  So, the only opinion she'd gotten about the food was tainted.After a couple of catered events in her office done by Newk's, she relented and allowed us to try it.  While Newk's is in no way going to win "Restaurant of the Year" in South Charlotte, the food is very tasty.   The service is fast and the place is extremely kid friendly.My only regret is not buying that piece of red velvet cake because now as I type this, I really want some red velvet cake.  My actual rating is 3.5 stars, but they don't allow that on Yelp... so I am rounding up and not down based on our good experience there.
3	I think this is the only restaurant Uptown with staff that has a sense of urgency. How refreshing!!I went here the first time on recommendation from a friend (that "the salads are huge!") - which turned out to be entirely true. I went back for my second visit just today to place a to-go order during the few (20) minutes in between meetings I had to pick up lunch. The staff was quick to take my order and the salad was ready in a few minutes. If you need a quick bite Uptown, this is your place.
4	Had Newks this week for a work function. My first time, we all ordered box lunches with sandwich, chips, fruit, & a desert. It was all pretty good!Service, like everyone has said, was great, very quick, prompt, and friendly. All the bread seemed very fresh, I had my sandwich on a croissant and it was great, very flaky.Would probably only grab a sandwich again for a quick work lunch, but all in all, not bad.
2	Newk's was a reminder of why I should do my due diligence on Yelp even when I am in a hurry. I had it confused with Mert's and by the time I glanced at the menu and discovered my error I was already inside and in the line of sight of the cashier.I opted for the Shrimp Po' Boy which came in at a touch over $10 without a drink. It wasn't bad, per say, certainly the shrimp were good and the bread was enjoyable, but I must say the fact that my little sea friends weren't breaded or fried was a bit of a let down.  The sandwich was red onion-heavy and relied a lot on the sauces that went with, one remoulade and one cocktail sauce.  My sandwich came with a side so I opted for "fresh fruit" and was given fruit salad which, while technically correct, was a bit of a surprise.Newk's should probably actually be given a 2.5 star rating since nothing was actually bad, it just didn't quite make par. Next time I'll check to make sure I'm going where I mean to go, but you don't get extra stars for teaching me a lesson.
3	Just off the main intersection of Trade and Tryon, Newk's is conveniently located to grab a quick lunch. They have multiple sandwich, soup and salad options, as well as kids meals and a plethora of side dishes. I went right after noon on a Wednesday and the place was ridiculously packed. Good thing I was just grabbing something to go or I would have had to wait for a table. If you're in a hurry, there is a refrigerated section that allows you to grab a sandwich or salad, getting you out the door in just a couple of minutes. You can also pre-order your food online so you don't have to wait around.... As I was not aware of those options, I got in the long line to order a chicken salad sandwich with fruit. The order line went fairly quickly, but then we had to wait 15 minutes in a huge crowd of people for food. Better idea to order ahead next time. The sandwich was enormous and very good. Fruit is a fruit salad of grapes, cantaloupe and green melon - tough to mess that up. All in all this is a good place to stop and grab something for lunch to take back to your desk. Be sure to pre-order online, though, or you'll be waiting awhile for your food.
3	Sandwiches, salads, and soups, oh my! I've had my eye on Newk's since they've opened...and I finally stopped in. It's a nice open space with plenty of seating. It's an ideal stop for fast service. You can order and dine in or they have a small section to grab something to go (like you see at airports). Expect casual, fast dining here and I can see it being super popular during lunchtime. When I went, it was around 6pm and the place was vacant. The employees were friendly and patient while I was figuring out what I wanted. I got one of their salads. It was okay. The salad bowl was very modern and was tipped at an angle...be careful or when you stab at your food it may become off balanced and topple over (close call for me). While I don't see Newk's as one of my deliberate, go to stops, I do see it as a convenient one when in Uptown.
2	Whenever possible, after a so-so experience at a restaurant, I try to return at least once or twice before writing a review.  After applying this logic, I can say this with a great degree of certainty:Newks + Lunch Hour in Uptown = TrainwreckBreadsticks flying, angry mobs of "to go" patrons flocking around the kitchen, confused/harried staff running everywhere, people jockeying for position to get a table/beverage refill..... It felt like I was dining in downtown Beirut.  The restaurant layout is horrible.  They need to reduce the amount of tables in this place by about 30-40% in order for people to be able to dine comfortably.  But of course, that doesn't sit well with the corporate management, who are willing to pack the place like sardines, with dollar signs in their eyes.The food is ok, but who in the heck keeps clicking the "$" is beyond me.  I guess if you are comparing this place to the Capital Grill, ok...I can see one "$".  But for a deli, this place easily warrants "$$$".  By far the most expensive deli in the area, when price to value ratio is taken into consideration.  Steer clear of the "Grab-N-Go" fridge section, unless brown, wilted lettuce is your thing.  Funny thing to note: they have the prices blanked out on their online menu.  Why do you think that is, I imagine?  So you don't know what you are going to be out of pocket, for a sandwich, until you are already inside and it's too late for you and your colleagues to try another spot?Redeeming quality is in the portion size.  But then again, when you are paying that type of money for SOUP, I expect it to be served in a gallon milk jug.Verdict:  Plenty of better sandwich and salad options in Uptown, especially if you are willing to spend this type of money for this type of food.
3	It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  Staff was nice and helpful.  Soup was pretty good.  Sandwich was okay.  I got the grilled chicken sandwich -- the bread was great, but the sandwich itself was low on flavor.  If you're looking for an okay soup, sandwich, or salad, it's a decent choice...if you're prepared to part with $10 for lunch.
3	Have to admit I avoided this place for awhile because I found the name very unappealing for a restaurant. I know, I know. But it's true.Fast forward. Wandered in for lunch with a friend WITH a baby in a stroller. Welcome to TOTAL CHAOS. Our mistake.However, the manager immediately saw our deer in the headlights look, and cleared a table for us and stashed the stroller out of the way.That was the first win for customer service. Following that, all the staff were extremely friendly and seemed genuine about it too.Three words about the food. Chicken salad sandwich. I sincerely love it.It's mayo-based, made fresh every day and served on a nicely soft-yet-slightly crunchy baguetteish bread. They also dress the sammy with rustic mustard which I personally love.The Greek salad is also tasty. Well dressed and plenty to share or have as an entire meal. SIDEBAR: I loathe salads served on plates ( seriously, who wants to push their salad around and potentially off the plate in hopes of stabbing/getting the correct  combo of ingredients  on your fork?)But Newk's serves their salads in asymmetrical bowls for easy enjoying.While I definitely avoid this place during lunch hours - even the to go wait seems long - I certainly enjoy my off-peak hour chicken salad indulgences here more often than I care to share.
4	Clean, simple, and not very expensive.  Honestly, 4 stars is a little high for this place, but it is right on par with expectations.  It is relatively new to the city located right on Tryon next to starbucks and the staff is very helpful.  They had a wide variety of choices and options for every kind of meal.  Even had plenty of stuff to take on the run.  Probably a great lunch spot for city working folk. Food:  I got the Pesto Chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  It had a nice mix of grilled green/red peppers to go with a perfect amount of pesto spread.  The whole sandwich was grilled warm and really hit the spot.  Luckily, I wasn't particularly hungry and the sandwich modestly portioned.  If I was starvin marvin, I would have been left slightly lacking.    Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	Newk's has a menu that is sure to suit you when you need a quick bite while in town.  We stumbled into this restaurant short on time.  Service was quick and the place was not crowded.  We shared a grilled cheese kids meal (we were in a big hurry) with a side of fruit.  To my delight, the sandwich was delicious while the fruit was a bit hard and inedible.  However, my visit on this date produced two events that are noteworthy.  First, we ran into The Honorable Anthony Foxx while dining.  Second, in the restroom, we could not figure out how to turn on the water!  Once my daughter finally got it on, it splattered all over the place.  Hmmm...need a little help with this one. I am upgrading my review because Newk's is a great place to grab a bite before a show.  No waiting and the staff are super friendly.  The lobster and crab soup w/half chicken salad was the bomb!  Just what I needed before seeing Junie B. Jones with the kids.  They enjoyed the kids' cheese and pepperoni pizza.
2	Don't be fooled by the flood of people running in and out of the place.  It's lunch time and since it's in the city, it will inevitably be busy.  I really can't way that any of us really enjoyed anything we had.  Newk's Salad had some very undesirable dressing, the BBQ sandwich had some odd tasting white BBQ sauce, and the worst of it all was grilled cheese, which was just melted cheese on a baguette.  Unfortunately all these misses makes this a bad place for lunch, regardless of extensive menu choices and many patrons.  The only good things were the roasted tomato soup, with a hint of spice, and the Orangina.2 stars for the poor lunch fare, come here if you must, but there are better sandwich/salad places in the city.
4	Much to the liken of Zoe's Kitchen only not as good/fresh.  I still like this place and since I work uptown it's a convenient location.  My favorite two dishes here are the black and blue salad but when I'm trying to watch my caloric intake I'll go with the grilled shrimp salad.  It's a huge salad, that is guaranteed to fill you up and only to the tune of like 450 calories total!  Now THAT is impressive!  The only thing I don't like is the fact that when you order a drink, there is only one size and it's always the plastic takeaway cups.  I feel bad throwing those away but seriously I can't have 15 plastic Newk's cups at my place.  Seems kinda wasteful....
3	Pretty good spot for lunch during work.  I ordered the Newks Q which is a chicken/bacon sandwich with white barbecue sauce (?).  I couldn't figure it out - not that I tried really hard, but it really was quite solid lunch food.Best part was how quick it came out.  I didn't have to wait long at all and the minute or so I did wait, I was loading up on jalapenos.  Coleslaw was a little sweet - I don't like my coleslaw on the sweet side. NOW YOU KNOW.....dmo out.
5	Newk's catering service is wonderful! Sally at the uptown location made it really easy for us.  I really appreciate all that they did to accomadate our odd requests. The food was wonderful and everyone seemed to enjoy it.
2	I have to say this place is just barely OK.  $20 is a bit much to spend on lunch for two - it needs to be pretty good.  I got the chicken salad sandwich (I am in constant search of good chicken salad and have yet to find it in Charlotte...sigh....)  I was excited because the menu said it had almonds and grapes in it.  Um - they must have been microscopic because I couldnt find them.  The sandwich was big only because they took huge slices of bread and put literally one cup of chicken salad on it.  The bread made up the entire sandwich and there was such a tiny amount of salad I had to open the sandwich, scrap the salad of one half and put it on the other and have it open-faced just to get a sandwich affect instead of 'i am eating bread for lunch'.  Blah.  My boyfriend's shrimp salad was good and IF i go back to this place I will probably try the salads instead of the sandwiches. Lastly - how could you NOT recycle those giant cups!!!!  What is wrong with you people!?!?!  The drink size is obsene and the busboy said they just throw away all of the plastic cups - can you get with it!?!?!?!
4	I'm a fan because they were smart to promote the business by serving the Charlotte One church group free Tea after the program right out in front of the church.  they were sweet and i though this was a great way to get their name out
3	Newks is almost a four. There Newks q sandwich is great along with there flatbread pizzas. Not always consistent though. Ps try there PBS crisp bar
3	I checked this place out yesterday for the first time.   It was crowded and we combined tables but the busboy alerted me to a larger table that he was cleaning up, which was nice since we had three with my wife's friend.  The bread they use is very good and the sandwich (I got the Italian) was a good size, probably too big for lunch.  Next time we go we'll probably split a sandwich and just get an extra side.  I tried the cole slaw, which was just OK.  I look forward to going back and trying other things on the menu.  I knew that being right in the middle of Uptown it wouldn't be cheap but $20 for two sandwiches and sides is a little expensive imo.
1	No, No Newk's.  I happened to be at the BoA end of Tryon around lunchtime and decided to try this place.  It's busy as heck, has to be good, right?  Wrong.  I ordered the grilled steak sandwich.  This was described as  marinated and grilled steak with provolone, carmelized onions and horseradish sauce.  Let's take these one by one...Marinated - In what?  Tasted nothing aside from plain old roast beefGrilled -  If it was grilled, there was no way to tell.  No grill marks, no charred partsSteak - Cut too thick, bland, gristly, tough, dry and in woefully short supply relative to the size of the rollProvolone - It was there and melted so, no issuesCarmelized Onions - Try steamed or, at best, barely sauteed.Horseradish Sauce - Hardly any there so, couldn't tell if it was just tasteless or missingTypically average chain fare at too high of a price tag...
4	I've never had a bad meal at Newk's!  Their soups are great, and it's kind of hard to find a good soup (that isn't Panera or greasy chicken noodle) in uptown.  Lobster bisque is money, and I had the Ultimate Lobster soup today (I hate lobster, obviously), and it was awesome.  Great caesar salad, fresh and crunchy, and they have a little toppings bar.  Can't go wrong with some roasted garlic on the side (also hot peppers, pickles, capers, parmesan cheese, and thin crispy breadsticks).Aside from all this... you know what the best part is?  The giant plastic cups that they give you when you get a fountain drink.  We have about 40 of them in the cupboard at work, they are awesome cups for large quantities of water or tea, so you don't have to keep refilling every minute.  It's the little things, people.  The little things.
3	I liked Newk's enough. The atmosphere is relax and chilled, at least when we went on a Tuesday after work. I went with Becky, Boy 2 and Girls 1 & 2. Each of the girls received a free-kid-meal coupon last week during Speedstreet and since we only had half of the litter of childrens, we thought it would be nice to go for a, not-so-usual-for-us, small dinner.The place is big and spacious and you can see how they're cooking your food. It's very clean and the staff is very friendly and attentive. The place was fairly empty when we visited which made it that much more of a nice, quiet visit for us and the kids. The menu is simple enough and priced like any other deli. Some of the items that stood out were the shrimp poboy (one of my favorite dishes) and the white bbq sammich. I ordered the poboy with lobster bisque and Becky the white bbq sammich. Girl 1 had a cheese pizza, Girl 2 a grilled cheese and Boy 2 also a shrimp poboy.Service was fast and our server was very nice. Except for the cheese pizza, which had too much pizza sauce and not enough cheese for my taste, everything was really good. Nothing blew my mind, but everything was solid. My biggest problems were the shrimp in my poboy which were NOT breaded but, apparently, boiled. Not that it tasted poorly or anything, just not how I like my shrimp poboys and that Girl 2's grilled cheese was very bland.The white bbq sammich was definitely unique and really good but I am not a big fan of anything other than Eastern Carolina bbq sauce, so not something I plan to order if we go back. The lobster bisque, although delicious, had nothing special or unique about it. All in all, it was a good dining experience and the food was good enough to go back if we're in the area.
2	Dropped by Newk's for a quick salad. I didn't have a specific craving so I did what any logical customer would do and chose 'Newk's Favorite'. After all, it must be a favorite for a reason, right? The salad included mixed greens, grilled chicken breast, gorgonzola cheese, dried cranberries, artichoke hearts, pecans, and nowhere-to-be-found croutons. I was a bit disappointed to see them missing but it might be due to the fact that I grabbed the 'to-go prepared' containers rather than having them toss the salad fresh. If you're here and have time, make sure you request to have it tossed.  The salad was topped off with a sherry vinaigrette which was lackluster to say the least. I've definitely had better salads, but here the ingredients just didn't taste as fresh.
4	I was pleasantly surprised the food was better than expected & the lunch time prices were very reasonable. I wouldn't call it fast food but it was worth the lunchtime wait.
5	We were looking for a good place to eat after visitng Discovery Place. After walking around we found Newk's! The staff was nice and the service was great! The food was even better! Wish they had a Newk's in Charleston!
5	I like Newk's!  No, I really like Newk's!!  I'm thrilled to know that there is a location uptown and I've been there several times recently for lunch, now that I know it's there!!So, Newks has some great sandwiches.  Indeed.  I've had the Newk's "Q", the Roast Beef, and the Pimiento Cheese (with homemade pimiento cheese and really hard to beat!).But, I'm in a "reducing" mode at the moment (way too many calories consumed in San Francisco!!) so I've been leaning toward salads and soups.  They have a different selection of soups every day and I've had several of them!  My favorite is still the Fire Roasted Tomato!  But just check out the list; you're bound to find one that sings for you!!  I tried the Garden Vegetable Soup today, and was very pleased!  It tasted great and check out the nutrition chart - only 80 calories per 8 oz serving!  Win!!  So, with the Half Soup and Half Salad deal (I selected the Caesar Salad), I had a low cal, tasty and very filling meal!!They have several (Count 'em - 10!!!) menu salads,each with it's own personality and taste combination.  And if you just can't find what you want on the list, order your own salad combination!My wife likes the pizza (and sometimes I'll have a slice too!).  Her favorite, and mine too, is the Spicy Chicken.  Now the pizza isn't going to help your calorie count if you sit there and eat the whole thing, so share it!!I think this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  And fortunately for me, there are locations near my house, and downtown where I work!  I'll see you there!!!
5	I LOVE a good sandwich.  I'm usually not a big raver of lunch places...because honestly...eh, it's lunch.  Yet Newk's impresses me every single time I go.  It's one of those places that's great for office lunches and Saturday morning hangovers..  Everything I've had from there is absolutely delicious.Now that I've gotten my rave out I'll go into the details.  I've had a variety of the soups Newk's offers and will say that both the crab soup and chicken chili are to die for.  The crab is perfectly seasoned and just a little spicey.  It's very rich so I recommend ordering a salad for the perfect lunch combo.  The chicken chili is hearty and full of flavor.  I pair that with the steak sandwich and it is by far one of my favorite lunches you can order in the city.  Now, to get to the sandwiches.  Anyone who is anyone knows the key to a great sandwich is in the bread.  Newk's knocks it out of the park each and every time.  There is something about a warm, soft roll that makes any sandwich absolutely delicious.  You could put a flip flop between that roll and I would probably eat it. The steak sandwich is the best I've had in Charlotte.  Which is saying a lot, as I consider myself a sandwich connoisseur.  Again, the bread is just perfect.  The steak they use on the sandwich is cooked very well, not too stringy or tough without being rare.  The onions are sweet and that horseradish mayo I would most likely bathe in.  If you need to impress someone over a casual lunch or simply want to put something in your mouth that is absurdly delicious, Newk's is your best bet.
1	Ok everyone knows the bread at this place is the shiznit.  I know it, and its the reason why I keep coming back.  However...Today I met up with my sister for lunch here and I should have taken the way the employee treated us when I ordered our food, as a sign to get the fuck outta there.  She was giving us a dirty look, but I ignored it because shit, we all have bad days and thats what I thought she had.We find a seat, get our drinks, and...wait.  10 minutes...20 minutes...30 minutes.  All of you mother fuckers who've been here know, they dont take 30 minutes to get you your food...maybe 5 minutes at most.  So anyway, a sandwich maker walked out and asked us if we got our food yet and I was like, yeah.  Obviously since we still have the number on our table.  She immediately brings us two slices of cake on the house.  Ok, thats nice, but I want my fucking food and Im on my lunch break, hello!  We get our food and my sandwich wasnt what I ordered.  She said, ok I'll go make the right sandwich but you can keep this one.  I told her, I dont care at this point I just want to eat.  While we eat, we notice we didnt get our sides.  On top of that we didnt get utensils and they always give that to you when they bring the food.  So my sandwich was brought out finally by the manager on duty Im assuming since he wore a different shirt.  I asked him, is there a reason why it took 30 minutes to get our food?  He looked shocked and went, Im assuming, to find out.  He never came back to our table to tell me.  At this point Im like, I need to get back to work.  So I went to the register and asked the employee for a refund for the stupid sides we didnt get.  She was like, you didnt get your sides??  Whaat??  Im thinking, calm down bitch, just give me the fucking refund so I can get the fuck outta here.  She said the manager has to approve it.  Perfect =).  He gets there, asks me what the problem is.  Im looking at him like, are you fucking crazy?  I asked you earlier why it took 30 minutes to get our food and you went and hid!  So I told him I need a refund for the two sides we didnt get.  He gives me the refund and some rice crispy treats and said sorry.  His excuse was, we've had a bad day its just been crazy.  Really dude?  Is that really your pathetic excuse for an answer?  I dont give a fuck if youre busy, what kind of system do you have where you forget to bring food to a table, especially when we have been sitting there with a number, visible to all the employees who are bringing food to everyone else.   Ugh anyway, yeah, first time Ive ever experienced haters at this place, AND here in bootsy ass Charlotte.  It was obvious the workers didnt like us right when we walked in.  Yeah, we arent black or white like the majority of the people in this city, but daaamn, we arent animals!!  Backward ass city.  And whats sad is the doormat of a manager couldnt do anything about it.  He didnt have the balls to go find out why it took 30 minutes to bring our food and come tell me.  Respect asshole, show some.Love the bread, disappointed in the staff.
3	I ventured over to Newk's around11:45 and after ordering waited 20-25 minutes for my soup and half sandwich to go.  Although the place was busy, the to-go orders seem to be put to the side. There were gentlemen next to be whom said they had been waiting 30 minutes. Someone what disappointing when you hoping to grab a quick lunch to get back to work.  As for the food, I ordered the 1/2 Turkey and Swiss and Brocooli Cheese soup. The sandwich was great, a toasted roll with melted cheese and all the fixings.  However, the soup tasted like it was out of a can. I like cheese, but this was heavy cheese that tasted so ugh. I stick with Panera when it comes to Broccoli & Cheese Soup!
4	I was in Uptown Charlotte on business and stumbled on this place while looking for a place for lunch.  If you are like me and have never been here before then go straight to the counter and place your order. They give you a number card to put on your table then bring the food out to you.Mainly sandwiches and salads.  The service was good and they brought out the food really fast.  Place was crowded so I assume it  is a popular place.  The prices were decent for Uptown.
2	It's ok. Totally not impressive, but it works. Honestly i couldn't finish what i ordered... Just doesn't taste fresh. Everything tasted fake. If you want something really good head into Seventh Street Market right up the way and get a bad ass super healthy pizza or salad at Pure Pizza and then grab a cup of Charlottes best coffee at Not Just Coffee located right in the same market.
1	While their food is ok, the service is AWFUL.  I just returned from what should have been a quick lunch.  Arriving before the lunch rush, my boyfriend and I ordered and found a table.  I then proceeded to wait over 15 minutes for a SALAD and they completely forgot about my boyfriend's salad.  After over 20 minutes, he went to the register for the To-Go items and they claimed they "just never saw" his order.  Therefore, he received his salad about 25 minutes after ordering.  Having a 12:30pm meeting looming, this unacceptable delay meant I had to eat quickly and leave him to eat his food alone as I had to get back to the office.When my salad was brought to me, the server apologized and said that he forgot to bring a fork.  He sort of mumbled that he'd bring one but seeing as how lunch breaks aren't endless, I went up to the cashier and asked for a plastic fork.  He never came back with a fork so I guess I'm glad I didn't wait.There is fairly limited seating here, especially for the lunch rush.  Sitting near the front today, I noticed a young man sitting directly behind the cashiers at a dining table.  He wasn't eating nor waiting for food.  He just sat there and had conversations with the cashier that was in front of him.  I observed several people stand right near him, scanning the restaurant for a place to sit, and he was completely oblivious to the fact that he should MOVE!  Also, if the cashier had any sense of providing good customer service, she would ask him to move.  Pretty sure tables in a restaurant are for paying customers.   The cashiers should also not be engaged in conversation during the busiest time of the restaurant's day.Overall, I am far from impressed with this place.  Maybe it's ok to grab something to-go or stop in WELL after the lunch crowd.  The manager of this restaurant needs to seriously revamp the way service is provided, especially during the lunch rush.  Bottom line: If your restaurant is trying to cater to the lunch crowd, the employees need to understand and respect the fact that patrons, for the most part, have a limited time for lunch.
4	I haven't ventured too far out on their menu but I absolutely love the Shrimp Po'boy! It is under their toasted sandwiches (specialty) and it is a must try!
5	Their Mac 'n Cheese is mouth-wateringly amazing! :)
5	perfect weekday lunch spot.  the Newk's favorite salad is the best sans cheese and croutons, tossed of course!
4	This place gets horribly  busy during lunch time.And it will take time to get your food, much less be pretty hard to find a place to sit.Though I usually have a salad when I go here there are other many things on the menu that can quench your appetite. They also have carry out lunches so if you have to grab and go this is a healthy spot to grab a meal and head back into the office.
5	Very tasty. If you want very flavorful, very healthy food, these folks have it in abundance. We had the Newk's Favorite salad and Chicken Noodle Soup.Quite the meal without that ugh blah feeling at the end. Refreshing and light, yet comfortably filling.
4	Accidently stumbled into this spot for lunch cause I didn't feel like walking all the way to the Plaza. What a great stumble. The mac-N-cheese are to die for. Their sandwiches are fresh and delicious. Great place to grab lunch with a few co-workers or order to go and run back to the office.
4	I came here yesterday and ordered a slice of chocolate cake. ( I even fell asleep and they left me alone!) The cake was sweet and it had been chilled in the refrigerator. No one was there when I walked in. I'd come back.
4	Situated across the street from the Blumenthal Arts theater, this is a go-to place for theater-goers before an evening weekday show. We have come here a couple of times, and the service is exceptional, plenty of seating available, and the toasted Newk's Q is our favorite: signature white BBQ sauce, grilled chicken, bacon and swiss.  Haven't tried much of the other stuff since the warm sauce with the toasted sandwich bread is good enough for me, especially when the other sandwiches are nothing special based on the description.I'm a fan for now.
5	Great service and plenty of seating, open on Sunday,  plenty of choices for the pickiest of kids to eat.  Close to the performing arts center.
4	A weekday lunch staple. Love the signature salad, caesar, and the sandwiches. I was surprised and delighted to see that they're open so late and on the weekends. Yey Newks!
3	I have been to a few Newk's cafe's locations so I know what to expect going here for lunch.  Because this location is near my office, I have patronized this Uptown site numerous times.  To me, Newk's Uptown feels like a smaller space than the other sites I have been to.  Nothing like the Newk's I visited in Springfield, MS (probably the best laid out one that I have ever been to) but similar to the one in Greensboro, NC.Atmosphere - Located in a former restaurant/ night club (same three or so steps to go up from the main entrance) the feel here is busy, noisy, more tables than booths, informal, messy (always feels like you just arrived after a lunch rush), fast casual order and delivery process.Food - Lots of choices that include sandwiches (toasted), salads, soups and pizza.  I usually get the chicken speciality sandwich, with ice tea and fruit.  This sandwich comes with grilled chicken applewood smoked bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, olive oil, mayo and Honey Mustard on a decent in texture baguette.  I get this when I want to eat healthy by dropping the swiss cheese, mayo and honey mustard.  When I want to eat something that has a lot of flavor, I get the Italian.  It has capicola, mortadella, pepperoni, salami, provolone cheese, mayo, spicy creole mustard, lettuce, tomato, yellow onions, hot cherry peppers and Italian sauce.  While I do drop the mayo...just don't like it...this sandwich is still a  calorie and flavor indulgence.  Service - It is good for a place that takes your order, gives you a number, a cup, a tray, and then makes you wait for the food to arrive.  On my several visits here everyone has been friendly (even when there is a mistake) and the place is always jammed.Overall - An okay, option for lunch in Uptown.  With drink you are over $10, which some have deemed pricy.  But when you think about about it, a Chick-fil-a combo is only a buck or two below that price and they don't bring it to your table.  Tips:  * Reinforce any special order requests as the staff has gotten it wrong in the past.* During lunch, grab a table ASAP after ordering as they can vanish quickly!
4	I am surprised by some of the comments on here. I have eaten at Newk's many times for lunch during the work week and it has always been consistently satisfying. I get the grilled chicken toasted sandwich. The bread is perfectly toasted and the honey mustard gives the sandwich an extra appeal. I have been with coworkers who have gotten salads and always love them. The only downside is that sometimes the service is a little off. It can be slow and sometimes it is clear they can't handle the rush. I had to send back my sandwich once because they forgot an ingredient, but they gave me a new sandwich and let me keep the old one.
5	Great food! Great staff! I don't know how we've managed to overlook this place for years. This is our new go-to spot.
3	Service is hectic and slow at lunchtime and there is limited seating. Also the order takers are under trained and inconsistent. They are supposed to ask your name when ordering and I've experienced several instances when they forgot which made it hard to find me and get me my food. Food is good overall but at lunch I would settle for the prepackaged to go items.
5	Awesome staff, awesome food. I get their shrimp po boy every single time and it's seriously amazing. I was initially hesitant because they steam the shrimp instead of frying it, but the shrimp on it's own is so good that it doesn't even matter.  I generally stay away from chain restaurants, but this place is so good that I don't even care. Get the shrimp po boy, I cannot stress that enough.
4	Great service, great food! I arrived around 11:30am and luckily beat the lunch crowd. I got the tomato basil soup, a side of bread, and the grilled chicken sandwich (soup/sandwich combo). Very delicious, no complaints. The order takers, fold runners, and busboy were all very nice.Try to grab a window spot... This is an awesome place to people watch.
5	Newk's is the perfect lunch spot. absolutely friendly and courteous staff, delicious food, reasonable wait during lunch given the location. More detail: management is visible and actively training their staff.  This is important. The customer service experience here is of the best and most consistent I have ever dealt with. I'm greeted with what seems a genuine smile and my order is accurately completed. Your order is on the screen, it's repeated back to you and it's reviewed prior to entering their hands. Seems like a fairly obvious process but it's not executed very often in this industry and the attention to detail is fantastic. I recommend Newk's to everyone I know and will come here for life. Try:Newks Q sandwichChicken salad sandwichUltimate salad
