4	Good clean store with quality professional employees.  Not the best deals in town, or the best quality but a good mixture of higher quality and good value.  And most importantly............wait for it...........wait for it.............its close to my house.
1	This is my first Yelp review. This safeway has a sign on the rotisserie chicken area saying basically from 11-8 it is guaranteed or free. Seeing no chicken this afternoon, I decided to ask for a free one. I was basically lied to at that point, told by one employee it was 4-8, another said 3-7 & they don't do that anymore. Even the assistant manager tried weaseling out of it. I started getting excuses about how the gas was out & they couldn't give me a free chicken. All this to defend against giving one free chicken as advertised from a major grocer. I finally took the assistant manager & another employee right to the sign so they could not continue to lie to me about it. Reluctantly, they sighed & seemed very disappointed when they finally did agree to issue me a rain check for 1 free rotisserie chicken. I don't even like eating meat, preferring to eat vegan, but I do have two big dogs that will appreciate a little snack.
2	It is hard to want to shop at a store that allows the cashiers to be on thier cell phones while customers are in line waiting to check out. Briana turned to her cell phone and was playing with it twice with the costumer ahead of me and then again when I was checking out. She would have rather ed answered her text then take my money for my purchases. I'm not sure if safeway corp. Is aware that there are other stores around that people will go shop at when the employees care more about thier cell phones than customer service. Maybe safeway needs to impliment  a no cell phone policies  while working. Or stop hiring these kids that think they are entitled. With so many people unemployed I bet there are a lot of people that would love a job with a safeway and I bet they would do better customer service and have respect for the company and the customers.
