1	Wow, I have to write this review immediately, so I can begin the process of purging the memory of this dentist visit forever.I came here on a referral from a co-worker. I was lazy about researching through the insurance site and he also lives near our office so I knew he had one I could pop over to on a lunch break. His referral was for Dr. Angela Relf. I Googled the number and made the appt. - they were able to see me the same week. When I pull up to the group of offices, I walked into the wrong one. The guy in there said, "Girls Scouts office is next door." Ha, that's funny. I explained who I was looking for and he said that was on the other side of the building and that it's not Relf there anymore, but a Dr. Jafari. So I get to the right building and Dr. Relf's name is boldly displayed on the window, but "Weldon Dental Care" is on the big sign out front. Whatever, it's a dentist, right?I'll start with the good stuff, because the bad stuff is really bad.Good - everyone, from the admin to the tech to the Dr. himself was very nice. And the quickness in getting an appt. that I mentioned before was appreciated.  that's it.Bad - Wow, ok. First the cleanliness was non-existent. The waiting area seemed fine, but the clientele that came and went as I waited seemed homeless. I noticed a sign directing to the bathroom, so I figured I'd hit that up before we got started. I had to walk through the work area to get to the bathroom and was surprised at how run down it was back there - dirty floors and scuffs and holes on/in the walls. The bathroom was not very clean wither but I thought I was just being judgmental.When I came out, a very nice young man said they were ready to start and led me directly to a room with a very old chair and even older equipment. The tech was sweet, but seemed inexperienced, borderline unprofessional. I know those plastic mouth things are always a drag (for X-rays), but I've never gagged when someone was trying to position it! He apologized and gave me time to recover - again, very nice, but yikes.He did the X-rays, then said it would take about 30 min for them to ready and left the room. I began to look around at the old and rusty faucets, stains on the counters, filthy (FILTHY) floor and plastic trash can with no bag in it. It seemed weird that they had not started the (teeth) cleaning process. I finally flagged down the same tech and asked if I was also scheduled for a cleaning. He looked at my file and said yes, a polishing was to be done. And he moved me to an equally, if not more dirty room. It was so bad - yellowing equipment, grimey floor, grimey equipment - oh, and I found the missing trash bag from the other can - it was PULLED OVER THE BACK AND HEADREST OF MY CHAIR. They were using in lieu of disposable protective sheets made just for that purpose?!! The longer I waited in there, the more nervous I got. I thought back on the clientele and the new doctor and wondered if this was a free clinic that also took regular patients. I considered leaving, but they'd already done X-rays and I'm sure that's the most expensive part of the dentist visit. Would my insurance let me go somewhere else? I was texting my co-worker to double check I was in the right place when Dr. Jafari showed up. He was very nice, but seemed unsure about what the next step was. And why was the Dr. doing the cleaning? Isn't that what the tech does? He opened a pack of clean tools and then set them on the table without putting a sheet under them first - what the hell is the point of that? He (without gloves) moved the light and equipment around into the right position (handles on the light had a weird plastic sheet over it, not a disposable full cover you usually see), then put gloves on and touched all the stuff he had touched without them. ugh!He barely scraped at my teeth (I'm used to them really getting in there and taking care of business, and that's when I used to go regularly - what was this guy doing?) and when the X-rays came back he said I was cavity-free (which is good because I would not have believed anything if they said I need extra work). He seemed knowledgeable to some degree (ex: my gums always bleed when they clean and he went through the possible causes, they were exactly what I'd always heard).When he was done scraping the tech finished up with the polishing. He changed gloves when he sat down (thank god) and he too seemed to be taking it light on the job. No suction-spray system was used until well into the process. By then I had given up they even possessed such "high-tech" tools and had swallowed a mouthful of that gritty paste and saliva. OMH - I almost forgot the best part - when he asked if I wanted glasses to protect my eyes/face from the splash-back, he left the room and came back with a pair of SUNGLASSES I had noticed sitting on the counter in the first room. I think they were his. Unbelievable.
1	I had a chance to read the second (and only other) review for this office that came about a year after mine. My review probably sounds pretty shocking because the experience WAS shocking. I describe in very accurate detail the specifics of what was dirty and what was handled unprofessionally. I did not exaggerate anything (though I fully admit my use of humor undermines the seriousness of my observations). I'm not complaining that there wasn't bottled water service or TVs, I think that's pretty clear in my review. I'm pointing out that I think (and I'm sure many others would agree) that when you go to an office where people stick their hands and instruments into your mouth, you don't want to look around and see grime on the floors, counters and walls or rust on the sink fixtures. I am not a medical professional, but anyone who has even been to a doctor has seen basic protocol when handling a patient (i.e., watching them open a clean pack of tools, watching them wash their hands in front of you before touching you), and they simply did not follow it here. The review is not judgmental; it was fair and honest. I pointed out the good (what little there was of it) and the bad. The doctor and all his techs and receptionist were beyond nice and I said as much. But that's hardly the most important thing here.  To this day, I regret not walking out after the x-rays were taken. I do hope that the office was just in some sort of odd transitional phase and that by the time the other reviewer got there things had changed, I really do. But after what I went through, I'm not willing to give them a second chance. Their lack of professionalism and protocol put me in danger, and that's unacceptable. And not just for me, that's unacceptable for anyone -- the office does pro bono work for the homeless or kids in CPS, that's great, they deserve professional care just as much as I do.
4	Lauren's review is fair overall.  Weldon needed to clean up their act.  The good news is, I just got back from some fillings, and they definitely have done this.  The whole interior has been remodeled.  New equipment, new chairs, digital x-rays, the whole nine yards.They have always done right by me with good prices and professional treatment.  The staff is great and the woman who signed me in remembered me and our previous conversations.  I appreciate this sort of thing.I've had several dentists (I'm picky), and Weldon is literally the only dentist I have chosen to return to on a regular basis.  I've never felt like they were trying to rack up extra charges or add services for the sake of billing my insurance, and even though I go in nervous about the treatment (it's the dentist!), I've left happy with the experience every time.
1	The good:They were able to book me for a new patient appointment fairly quickly. The front desk guy was very thorough. The staff was friendly.The bad:They tried to sell me whitening (multiple times), the dentist told me I needed a crown and potentially a root canal, and many fillings. She insisted I needed a deep clean and would need to book an appointment to get the crown before part of my tooth fell off. I went ahead and got the deep cleaning as it had been a while since my last cleaning. I was skeptical of the other recommendations though, so I drove across the valley to my trustworthy dentist for a second opinion. Turns out that much of the work that the dentist at Weldon recommended was not at all necessary.On top of that, the office at Weldon looked poorly maintained, with dusty looking countertops and such.Also, I just got a bill that shows I was charged $55 for "Oral hygiene instruction" - which I was NEVER made aware of the fact that I was receiving, or would be charged for, and I was never asked if I wanted it. All it consisted of was the hygienist telling me how to floss (which I already knew), not to use listerine, and then trying to sell me a sonic toothbrush from their office. This is incredibly frustrating that they never told me that the advice was a charged service, as I would have not agreed to it if I was made aware.If TLDR; * Pushy dentist and hygienist; * Poor facilities; * Unnecessary procedures; * Charged $55 for "Oral hygiene instruction"  that I never agreed to or knew I was being charged for.
2	UPDATE: When I explained that I wasn't aware of the "oral hygiene instruction" being a charged service, they dealt with it very politely and promptly and took it off of my bill. The lady who dealt with that on the phone was very pleasant as well. The good:They were able to book me for a new patient appointment fairly quickly. The front desk guy was very thorough. The staff was friendly.The bad:They tried to sell me whitening (multiple times), the dentist told me I needed a crown and potentially a root canal, and many fillings. She insisted I needed a deep clean and would need to book an appointment to get the crown before part of my tooth fell off. I went ahead and got the deep cleaning as it had been a while since my last cleaning. I was skeptical of the other recommendations though, so I drove across the valley to my trustworthy dentist for a second opinion. Turns out that much of the work that the dentist at Weldon recommended was not at all necessary.On top of that, the office at Weldon looked poorly maintained, with dusty looking countertops and such.Also, I just got a bill that shows I was charged $55 for "Oral hygiene instruction" - which I was NEVER made aware of the fact that I was receiving, or would be charged for, and I was never asked if I wanted it. All it consisted of was the hygienist telling me how to floss (which I already knew), not to use listerine, and then trying to sell me a sonic toothbrush from their office. This is incredibly frustrating that they never told me that the advice was a charged service, as I would have not agreed to it if I was made aware.If TLDR; * Pushy dentist and hygienist; * Poor facilities; * Unnecessary procedures; * Charged $55 for "Oral hygiene instruction"  that I never agreed to or knew I was being charged for.
1	This is the worst expirience I have ever had with a Dr. I became a patient here and when my insurance over paid them and I decided I was not going to move forward with treatment from them any longer based on how disorganized their office staff is, I contacted them and asked that I be refunded for the over amount paid. This was 5-11 I was told that they would have to research it and I would be called back this was a thursday afternoon and I was told they would call me back tuesday with a resolution. No call back so I contacted them back and was told that they would settle the account on 6-15 as they do with all of their accounts meaning they would send a check for the overage paid. its been 10 days since that was supposed to happen and I have contacted them back several times I have email communication from them stating they would refund me and HAVE YET TO. I call the office on a wednesday at 2:30 and get told they are closed there is no way to refund me today and hung up on. I will never ever deal with this place ever again. next step is the BBB
