3	My first time here and I found the place but the suite number wasn't on the website so I didn't know where to go once arrived. I got there a little early and still had to wait 20 mins for a stylist to arrive to do my hair due to a misunderstanding between the stylists. Jazzy apologized for the wait and got started right away with doing my hair. I got my hair braided in a beehive since I plan on wearing wigs. She was very nice and detailed with her work. She introduced me to her hair growth gel that she is selling for $30. If you're a new person she asks can she apply it to your hair so you can see how well it works. She guarantees 2 inches of growth in a month. It felt good and tingly on my scalp. I have to see what happens. Took her about an hr to braid my hair (good timing) and it's very nice. Good work! Too bad she didn't offer me a discount for my wait but penalizes customers for being later than 15 mins. She charges $1/ minute. I should've gotten a $1/minute deducted off my price since I had to wait. LOL. She does accept credit/debit cards BUT there is a $5 fee to do so. She waives it for first timers because there's no way for you to know. Overall ok experience. No distractions and great job with my hair. Just wish I was offered a discount for the inconvenience. :(
4	I found Jazzy Braids while frantically searching for a salon to replace my disaster of a weave with my every trusty crochet braids. I called Jazzy on Friday, hoping against hope that I could get an appointment within the weekend but not having much hope. She surprised me by getting me in the next morning! I was able to find the condo with no problems. There was plenty of uncovered parking. Jazzy was very personable, listened attentively to my concerns and expectations and successfully braided my hair within 2 hours. There was another stylist working on other clients while I was there. The atmosphere as upbeat and fun, with Jazzy and her clients keeping me entertained. I was very impressed with this affordable salon and look forward to returning for my next do.
4	I am a huge fan of Jazzys salon and i have gotten my hair done by a few stylist and never have had a concern. They are all very professional, the place is clean and they listen to what i need as well as give me tips for my specific hair type. Glad i found them and plan to continue going back.
