5	Terrie easily deserves my very first Yelp review. I've rarely written reviews but there are few times they are well deserved. I was recently having air conditioning issues in the hottest weeks of the summer, 112+ degrees all week. I was away from home for a few days and when I came back the AC was dead. 99 degrees in the condo. I emailed Desert Dimensions and Terrie replied the same morning with a resolution from the condo owner. Anyone with AC issues knows the AC company can be the biggest headache and Terrie had already lined up another company by the time I called her to say the first company would take 5 days for an appt. The AC company made it out and what looked like a big expensive issue turned out to be simple and fast. Getting the right company saved a lot of time and money for us, them, and the owner I imagine. And that's what she did. Thank you Terrie and Desert Dimensions. I am very happy with your service!
5	Desert Dimensions is a wonderful company - they truly seem to care about their tenants. They are very accommodating and have always responded immediately to any concerns or questions with the highest level of professionalism and outstanding communication and service. Like Nicholas, my air conditioning also died after returning from vacation in the 100 degree weather. They took care of the problem immediately - I am so relieved they were able to get this fixed so quickly and easily, as this issue happened at the end of a long string of stressful and worrisome events. Not having the AC to worry about also was a huge load off my mind. Thank you Desert Dimensions: Terrie, Joe, and Kristin (?) so much for saving the day; you are awesome!!!!!! :)
5	Joe is, hands down, the best realtor I've ever worked with. What makes him so great? Start with excellent communication and people skills. You'd think that would be obvious for someone in his profession but trust me - it isn't. Joe is a true pro - quick responses to questions, great follow-up and knowledgeable as all heck. Looking for a new home can be so stressful - I really felt like Joe genuinely cared about helping me find a perfect house and was a partner in it with me, which I needed. (I think he was as disappointed as I was when I got outbid on the first home I'd wanted!) After not getting that house, we were really getting short on time if I was going to avoid moving to another temporary place and then moving again into a more permanent home. (Just typing that stresses me out. Imagine if I'd have had to move another time ... ack!) Joe eased my concerns and worked to help me get into a place before my deadline. His referral to Lizy at Prospect Mortgage was the perfect compliment, and between the two of them made a house happen in just a few weeks. Amazing.Plus, he's just a super nice guy who you actually want to talk to. I've already referred him to family and friends with real estate needs. Seriously, I couldn't recommend him highly enough!
5	Desert Dimensions is fantastic! Joe and his team are very efficient and responsive. I decided to move to another state in December and informed Joe that I needed to break my lease in November 2014.He understood and said we'll list the condo at the beginning of December. Desert Dimensions contacted me prior to any showings of the condo, 4 total. The 4th showing lead to my condo being rented prior to the end of December.Joe and his team were absolutely awesome. Highly recommend Desert Dimensions for your renting or purchasing needs.
