5	A pool fence isn't something that I'd usually oooohhh and ahhhhh over, but let me tell you, we LOVE our fence from Ironman Pool Fence.  It's gorgeous - a work of art, really.  They followed our instructions precisely, and made us a beautiful, curving fence that hugs the outline of our deck perfectly.  The office was a pleasure to deal with, and the fence was installed on time and as promised.  A big thank you to Ironman for our beautiful fence!  :)
1	At first I was really impressed with the prices and ideas they had to offer. I guess you get what you pay for. The crew showed up with a dead drill and tried to leave. I had to give them one of my drills and they still had to come back a week and a half later because the lock they put on was not the correct lock. On top of those head aches the welding is fair at best. My gate is black, the hinges and other random spots were steel, they spray painted about half the steel, when I pointed out the spots they missed they left me the paint can and told me I could touch it up my self. Truly disappointed.
5	Absolutely  Outstanding!!
1	I would give zero stars if possible. These people are awful at returning phone calls. Over the course of 6 weeks I called 4 times to get someone to look at my iron gate and no one ever called me back. If they tell you a sales person will call you back just forget it, find someone else. I can't even rate their work because they can't even return a call. GET IT TOGETHER!!!!! By the way a minimum of $650 charge for any repairs----you can get a new gate for that!!! Ridiculous.
1	Terrible customer service! I was contacted in a timely fashion to set up an appt for the salesperson to come out and measure (Andrew). He had terrible reading and listening skills and even worse customer service. I was requesting interior work for a custom wrought iron gate at the top of my stairs to protect my son. Andrew seemed surprised it was for the interior of my house, came out and acted as if he didn't want the business and we should get a regular baby gate (and if that worked we already would have done it!), and I also requested pricing to re-powder coat and modify our existing railing and he paid no attention to this. The receptionist followed up with me to verify I received my bid and if I'm ready to move forward (I didn't receive anything and I had to follow up with the sales guy!) and I sent a lengthy email back about how disappointed I was. She apologized and said Jim the owner would be in touch with me. Ha! She sent me a message this morning referring me to a baby proof company. No name, just a number. Seems like this business is getting to big for their britches! Use someone else! This valley is full of competitors who will provide you with good customer service!And when I do out my pool in they won't get my business either!
4	The company did a nice job installing my fence and it looks good.  I especially appreciated Andrew's attention to detail when it came to preparing the bid, measurements, and explaining to me the variations in materials and the entire process.  I also appreciate that he was conscious of my budget and worked with me on that.  The company would have gotten five stars, but the install was a day later than what they agreed to.
5	Ironman Pool fence installed a pool fence at my house and it turned out a great. The installation went smooth & the product was top notch material. The powdercoating was superb. I will recommend them to all of my friends.
