4	I have played this course about six times. It is convenient and always well groomed. Make sure and book as Nevada resident cheaper greens fees.The hardest thing about this set up is that if the wind is blowing at all it is amplified to almost comic levels. With the wind at my back I blew a par 4 green so far I found my ball laying by the ladies tees for the next hole. It had to have gone 350 and on my very best day I hit 250. Then on the turn playing into the wind my drive on thirteen went 75 yards and i think it kicked off a sprinkler head to get that far. Everyone at Desert Willows is very friendly the cart girl always seems to be close and the beer in the 19th hole is cheap.
5	Good condition and fun course. The green hot to stop the ball but still good to play.
4	As a new golfer, I'm pretty lousy at hitting balls for great distances off the tee. I think my longest drive is an embarrassing 100 yards or so! I absolutely love this course because as an executive course it only contains short par 4 and par 3s. No evil par 5 holes to deal with! It's well groomed and the staff is very friendly. Green fees are VERY reasonable, especially their twilight rates that start around 2 PM or so . We played for $20 last weekend! Sweet! It's only a par 60, but perfect for those with a poor distance game, or those just looking to hone their short game. As someone who gets bored after 4-5 hours of golf, this course is a happy medium between playing 9 holes and committing to a full length course.
5	Beautiful course.  This is my second time playing here (or anywhere) and I had a lot of fun.  Very green, minimal desert landscape.  A few challenging holes and well maintained.  The best part is if you book online, locals get a discount.
4	A great little course tucked away in the back of Green Valley, this course offers a little something for everyone. Most holes are short, being an executive course, which is great for the first time golfer or someone looking to practice their short game. The best part about this course is during the summer time, it's fairly inexpensive to play and it's close to where I live (which is a plus for me). Occasionally you get some old folks who play in a weekly 9-hole tourney and the course marshall will kick you off. Granted, they do give you plenty of warning which is cool but you will have to drive back to where you left off when they are done.
4	This is a great little course. Everything is kept up really nice. It is a slower course, so be aware if you are on a time restraint. Things can get backed up at times. But if you are patient this course is really fun to play. Not many long holes but plenty of challenging Par 3's that will work your short game. You can find some great deals online for this course which make it worth every penny. The club house is used as a dual purpose facility, housing what seems like a retirement recreational center, which makes it kinda confusing when trying to find the Pro Shop for the first time.
4	I love this executive course in Hendo! It's right down the street from my house and I can go hit balls there on the weekends off of real live grass! Fri/Sat/Sun you don't have to hit off mats at the range. A large bucket of balls is $8! bam! now get your game stepped up.In addition, to the practice range, they have a nice area to practice your chipping (yeah you need practice like the rest of us!) and also a nice putting green to get your short game on.The 18 hole course is a fun executive style course. It's shorter then a normal course and gives you the chance to practice a lot with your irons and putter. In the summer they have twilight deals. So if you don't mind the heat, get it!
5	love this course..its also a good walking course! Staff are great and greens today is in perfect shape!
4	Great staff and a well maintained course. Inexpensive twilight tee times.
4	I'm a beginning golfer, so long par-5 holes are beyond challenging for me. Actually, when you're already on your 4th shot and can barely see the green, you might go beyond discouraged to actually pissed. Lucky for me, Desert Willow is an executive course with no par 5s. The grass is kept in good condition and the staff is friendly. I never feel rushed or embarassed for not being very good, which is important, or I wouldn't keep playing! On top of all that, it's not too far from my house, and it's pretty cheap. Hoping to be out there a lot more often, now that the weather's getting nice!
4	Got a great deal for a 3PM $20 Saturday tee-time.  The course is nice and I would recommend it for a tune-up round.  I will say near the end of the round I was getting a little tired of all the Par 3's, but that is expected on an executive course layout.Course was in decent shape, not over the top, but also not a lot of wear in high traffic areas.  My partner lost his club and the starter retraced our steps and was able to find and deliver it to us in just one hold of play, I thought that was great as sometimes starters get bad raps!Even with the shortness of the course, this is a good value and a few of the par 4's are at 300 yards so it tempts you to swing for the green.
4	pros...wanted to go and hit some balls at a driving range, but the first one my buddy and i went to were quite strict with their dress code.  no biggie this place isn't too strict with their dress code, and i was able to hit some balls at their driving range.  apparently the other place won't let you hit even on the driving range, with just some black dress shorts and a tee shirt.as for the actual range, it was nice, green grass, quiet, and turn the other way and you have a nice pond scenery.  parking is nice and the people at the pro-shop were really nice and helpful.  even went to look for the owner of a lost club.  cons...wish they were closer to summerlin where we were staying.  but a little 15 minute drive was worth it.  thanks for letting people have some fun.
3	My school hosted my graduation for Nevada School of Massage Therapy. This place has a nice venue, I can picture this place hosting things such as weddings, banquets, parties etc...
2	Every time I play here something makes me angry. Today was slowness. Usually it's service and miserable people but today all staff I encountered were very nice. We played 13 holes in 3 hours and waited at least 5 minutes if not more per hole. Don't go here if you want to play a quick round and don't use the vending machine on the 4th hole. Wasted half my day waiting so we just left. I will say the greens were in excellent shape which is why I gave 2 stars not 1! I am a self proclaimed golf snob so I may be a little bit dramatic but when I pay $30 and barely get through half a round, this is what I have a problem with.
