3	It's fast, easy, and relieves that travel hunger I usually have.  And besides, this was the first taste of AMERICAN food I tasted after spending 8 months in Afghanistan (Camp Lejeune chow hall slop doesn't count) and it was glorious.  I tried one of the breakfast paninis and it really hit the spot.  Plus, they offer a military discount and the guy seemed to know it even if I wasn't wearing uniform!
3	After my last meal at the Charlotte airport, I decided to stick to something I knew and went to California Pizza Kitchen. I hardly eat at chain restaurants at home, but it seems this trip was all of that. Truth be told, I really came here, because it has a bar attached and they were playing the final playoff game before the World Series and being a Giants fan, that was my priority. I had a seat facing the TV, ordered a nice local lager on tap and a Margarita pizza from CPK next door. My beer was fabulous and the pizza was pretty good. I liked how the dough bubbled up and was light and airy. Even though my review should be about the bar next door, this is what I ate and it was definately a lot better than my last meal here.
1	By far the worse food I ever had the displeasure of ordering and eating.  I think I should have just ordered the ice cubes and a napkin; those two items are the only things that even deserve a star on Yelp.
1	Gate guru gives it good reviews, but my pizza was gross. Crust too thick, way too much cheese.  There is one plug on the wall that separates the CPK from the bar next door.  Very spendy at $16 for a personal pizza and small Fiji water.
1	Tried a premade salad, NASTY! Maybe the pizza would have been a better choice. Many people seemed satisfied.
1	Blah.. Airport prices & taste like dominos cardboard pizza..
1	Almost missed my plane because "5-7 minutes" was more like 15-20, and the line was too long to get a refund for an $11 pizza. Avoid at all costs.
1	Pure institutional crap. Use a real egg - damn.  Please put down the salt.
4	Breakfast is paninis...and very good. On this occasion I had the egg and cheese panini, which was delicious. With coconut water for hydration on the plane.On the way back I'll be ready for  pizza...they will customize ingredients!
4	Was on a layover and craving pizza - California Pizza Kitchen was perfect! They've gotten the cook time down to a science - "7 minutes"...but be careful, some other reviews reveal that this time is not always accurate. I was not in a rush, so I did not time it exactly, but it seemed to be pretty quick. I got a pizza with sausage and mushrooms, and it was yummy and huge (for a personal pizza). A little expensive, I think it was $11, but airport food always is.
2	I bought a sandwich here which turned out to be decent but the service here is horrendous.They don't know how to control their lines so when I arrived there was a large crowd of people all trying to push their way to the front counter.  Then after finally paying for my meal I find out they don't have any bags to carry my stuff.  This is very inconvenient!  Not recommended unless it's empty and you're starving.
