5	I found this little gem while searching high and low to find a good tea room in Las Vegas. I wanted to have my going-away party with my girls at a nice, quiet tea room without any distractions and really wanted something different. The Market Tea Room provided all that, and more!While not entirely intimate because of its location, The Market Tea Room is located inside the Antiques at the Market by the McCarran Airport. It's a quaint little room, filled with personality and cute decor. There are probably only 8 tables in the whole room and I'm glad I made reservations, as the place began to fill up while my guests were trickling in. Our server (forgot his name, darnit!) was very, very helpful in describing the menu and tea options. The menu I chose for my party was for a pot loose-leaf tea for each person, a variety of scones, choice of soup or quiche, tea sandwiches, and a variety of desserts. It was only about $18.95 per person! I had to book in advance, so the chef knew to get the right amount of food ordered, as she was going to make it from scratch once we ordered our tea.We all ordered different teas, so we could taste each others. I had Lychee Jasmine, which was extremely refreshing and probably one of the best teas I've had. The other girls has Ginger Peach, Chai Tea, Citrus, Earl Grey, and others and they were all yummy! Our scones were fresh out of the oven and very good, served with lemon curd and preserves. The chef (Carolyn) came out with our server to bring cute serving trays of our tea sandwiches. The sandwiches were: Cucumber Dill, Cranberry Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad, and Egg Salad. They were terrific! All very fresh and surprisingly filling. We chose from Tomato Basil and Creamy Asparagus soups or 3-Cheese Quiche. I got the quiche and it was really cheesy (duh!) but delicious. And the desserts certainly were an exclamation point on our wonderful meal. We had the most moist chocolate cake I've ever had, carrot cake with a light cream cheese frosting, and coconut bourbon bread pudding, which is as good as it sounds.Carolyn took the time to talk to our group and was incredibly welcoming and passed her card out to all of us. We excitedly told her we'd be sending more people her way. Though it was my going-away party, she assured me that I'd always have a place to dine when I visited town. 2 of the girls didn't make it and though she told me she normally would charge since it was a last-minute cancellation, she took the charges off. What hospitality and understanding! I am surprised nobody has Yelped about this place before, but I will certainly be back...her service and style, along with the great food, has completely won me over. Great job, Carolyn!
2	I am going to try to be as fair as possible.  I have eaten lunch here quite a few times and while the food is very good the service leaves something to be desired.  The waitress who I understand is the owner's daughter is at best frazzled and overwhelmed and at worst rude and incompetent.  Unfortunately there are not a lot of choices in Las Vegas if you are looking for a high tea.  The Four Seasons is exceptional but expensive.  The Bellagio offers it in their Petrossian Bar if you don't mind an unhealthy helping of second hand smoke with your tea.Chef Caroline is great and friendly and her presence after the meal has saved a couple of my dining experiences, although one can only overlook poor service for so long as it is a significant part of any restaurant experience.
3	location: inside an antique mall so you can browse with your friends post-tea session.food: standard tea and sandwiches. price: reasonableambience: decorated with antiques...but wish it was more stylish.
4	After going to a tea room in Capitola, CA I was determined to seek one out in Las Vegas, I found this one! It was not as quaint, but it was still very cozy. I got the chicken sandwich & asparagus soup, & tea the whole meal was quite delightful, as was the scone!  What I really enjoyed was having the Antiques Market right as you walk out so we walked around inside there for about 2 hours! It was a really fun girls lunch out!
3	I've just been getting into tea as of late, so I've never been to a tea room. Oh and I found out the "tea" I like is not really tea...my bad.So I'm grading this place as more of a cafe.It fit well inside an antique mall, so you can work up an appetite or walk off all the finger sandwiches and scones. The room is small but there was enough room not to feel cramped. We were initially sat in their back private room but there was not alot of air flow and the sun was heating the room through its large windows. The waitress was happy to move our party into the main room, much more comfortable. The room reminded me of my grandmothers house but with plastic lawn chairs for seating. Cute, random table clothes decorating the tables. Staff was friendly and attentive.The boys in the group got sandwiches and ice tea or lemonade. The girls got "High Tea". I got the Strawberry Tingler rooibos. It was probably the best tea I ever had. I started with the corn chowder, very tasty with lots of chunks of vegetables. The finger sandwiches were good, fresh made, I added a little bit of salt to enhance them, but I like salt. The tuna was probably my least favorite. I preferred the Chicken salad, egg salad, and cucumber sandwiches. The scones were offered in 3 different kinds...apricot was the best, the cherry sour cream cam in second, the coconut chocolate chip I thought would've been the best, but I was disappointed. The jam and cream they serve along side is a perfect accompaniment.If your looking for a new experience, its an affordable treat.
5	this was a great treat! my 9 yr old and i had a blast! our table was reserved with a child tea cup setting for her! it was very cozy and everyone was super friendly! the food was awesome: scones fluffy and flavorful very similar to scones i have had in england, you have to try the mushroom and parmigiana soup!! sandwiches were very good not skimpy! we will now make this a monthly habit ... thanks ladies for the wonderful high tea!!
5	There is nothing quite like having tea and lunch with your girlfriends in this little hidden gem.  I have been in numerous times and always am treated so wonderfully.  Carolyn is such a sweet and wonderful woman.  She always takes time to come by and say hello.  She makes sure the food is up to par and has so much passion while explaining her new concoctions.  The little finger sandwiches are just fine, but the soups are where it's at!  Carolyn is always coming up with new and interesting soups that are absolutely divine. This cute little tea room is something that needs to be experienced!
2	My wife loves the Market Tea room (or shoudl i say loved). We have gone about once or twice a month for about the last 6 months. We will not go back. There is a waitress who is beyond miserable (. It is such a shame...If you read this review and still decide to go, you have been warned. She will ruin the entire experience. I say it is a shame beacuse the owner is sweet and the food is good.
1	Food is good, the tea is great (if it is served hot), the service is AWFUL. And I'm not talking about a one time visit and I found the service to be awful. I enjoy the food and tea so much that I have visited a few times. Each time the service lacks. Easy fix, get a few new staff members.
5	I love it here! Kinda girly inside but the foods amazing.  Wether it's lunch or High Tea you won't be disappointed. Update: Their closed permanently, fb said something about catering still.
5	Love, love, love this place, sorry that it is gone!
