5	Water wings is great place to get your kids ready for the pools in town.   They are all very friendly and with as many kids that go there they always seem to remember each one individually which is always a welcome thing at any business. The instructors are really great with the kids, especially the younger ones. With crying babies and children afraid of the water, the teachers all seem to have a great calm and patience about them and work through the tantrums until the child is having a blast in the pool. They have showers to rinse off afterward and a play room for the siblings who might not be taking swim classes too. They do parties and I'm pretty sure they have some kind of daycamp thing although my daughter is too young for that. We love it there!
2	Took my 3 year old there a few months. He had Mr. Jordan who is absolutely awesome, hence the 2 stars. In fact he's really the only good thing about this place. Cleanliness is borderline. They have a toy area which is horribly visibly dirty. Don't think they've ever cleaned any of those toys. Stained carpet, dirty walls, some holes in the drywall. lol Its a bit concerning when you first walk in.  Management is pretty bad. This seems to be a general consensus amongst the parent we spoke to. Would have continued classes if not for one exceptionally bad experience there. After getting notified about our class being canceled we called to reschedule. Think the end count on calls was around 11 over a few days. No one answers their phones there. If you have a question or concern call Saturday AM or you will never get a hold of anyone. And don't bother leaving a message as they won't call you back. After finally getting a hold of them we were told the class was not canceled after all... especially annoying after we had to rework our schedule that day. Class went as planned. As we were leaving we noticed, for lack of a better word, a "creepy" looking man watching the kids outside the windows, dirty possibly homeless and continually grabbing at his pants area... He looked questionable enough for the parents leaving to notice but apparently none of the swim school employees. We were all alarmed as we watched him walk into the pool area and proceed to sit down. Its not a crime to watch the class, I know, but the way the building is set up there is an open shower area for the kids right off the pool. Some parents do shower kids nude. The staff was notified and an altercation was barely avoided as some of the parents were extremely upset and ready to forcefully remove this guy. Not sure how long he would have been allowed to sit there had they not been warned. There is no security there of any sort and the front desk is oblivious. This guy walked right past them. Called... in vain again, to speak to the owner to warn him about this issue. After several calls we were able to speak to a girl that assured us she would have the owner call. After two weeks there was no response. It wasn't until I canceled our classes that they called me. Again told them about the situation and they assured us the owner would call back. Woman that works there called a few days later. Voiced my concern and she said the police are doing all they can. Explained that the task then falls to her to solve but she continually repeated that they are doing all they can. Suggested some sort of security system there so not just anyone can wander in but all she continued to say is they are doing all they can. She also said they have a homeless problem there and the police already know about this issue. So its happened before? All the more reason to fix, right? I know some parents left and as much as I hate leaving Mr Jordan's class we are going to go elsewhere. Didn't get the feeling they really cared. Rather than a feeling comforted after the conversation I felt like she was bothered that we even attempted to get in contact with them. Sorry Mr. Jordan =\ you rock and the kids love you.I know some other schools check you in and you are allowed into a viewing room. I think we will try one of them. Overall, this place is really lax, horribly managed and not very clean. Pass.
5	Front desk is a bit unorganized... but to be honest, that's the last thing I care about at a pool for my baby. I took my daughter here, who's 7 months, for her first lesson. Mr. Adam is her teacher and he is amazing. So patient and gentle with the children, and makes the parents feel comfortable as well. My daughter cried the whole first lesson, half of the second, and loved the third. The teacher made me want to keep trying and it worked! The place is also very clean, water and pool area are warm, and everyone is friendly. It's an overall great experience and would recommend it!
4	My wife brings our son here at least once a week and on some occasions twice a week. My son absolutely loves his swim teacher and has made a lot of progress in his first month in their program.My only complaints are the front desk usually seems a bit disorganized and inside the pool area it can get very loud when a lot of kids are taking lessons at once. Other than that he loves going to swim lessons and would go every day if we had the time to take him.Nicole is our son's swim teacher and she's great!
4	While the toddler play area is definitely not clean, I bring my 21 month old here for swimming lessons. We have been impressed so far! We have been at least 15 times and Nicole has been the instructor. All of the instructors seem well-liked. The registration desk is a little unorganized and you DEFINITELY need to pay attention to your bill. Overall we really enjoy water wings!
2	**NOTE- the owner did send me a private message after reading the review with an apology, and assurance that he addressed the staff and management and that it would not happen again.  I am impressed that he reached out.  If I had not already found a great swim school, I would give them another chance.**My 4 year old daughter had 1 private lesson here and the experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  As a mother, sometimes, you just get these gut feelings and for me, it would not go away.  I signed up over the phone, and that was an easy enough process, but when we finally came for our appointment, they had double booked the lesson, so we had to wait an additional half hour.  No worries, I wasn't in any hurry anyway.  Plus it gave my daughter a chance to watch the other children and get a bit comfortable since this was her first lesson ever.  But after a half hour passed, there was no one at the front desk so that I can inquire on where to go, what to do.  So we stood there waiting for about 10 minutes until someone finally helped us.  When we finally did go inside to the pool area, there were about 5 different group lessons going on at the same time and boy, was it loud in there.  Because of the acoustics in there, it seemed even louder...instructors yelling out instructions, children laughing, yelling, squealing.  Parents can watch the kids though a window instead, but since this was her first lesson, I wanted to watch her front and center.  Well, the entire 30 minutes of her lesson, the instructor barely gave her any eye contact.  In fact, she just seemed so distracted.  The front desk workers were constantly in and out asking her questions, fellow instructors were talking to her...it just seemed so chaotic for my daughter's first experience.  Perhaps the instructor and the front desk workers were having a bad day...but I must trust my gut, and my gut said that if this was a taste of what was to come, then "no, thank you".
5	My daughter loves water wings! She has been swimming there since she was five months old. (she is now 3.5 years old)  She loves the teachers and the pool. She demands that we go and refuses to leave once we are there. I read previous reviews about the front desk -- honestly?  what do you expect when you have parents standing in front of you gripping as you are trying to help your customer find the best time with the instructor of choice?  I say considering the volume that the front desk puts up with they are pretty awesome.  More so - they really do care about the kids and that they get the best time and instructor for them.  And the noise in the pool?  What do parents expect?  You have instructors giving directions, kids having a good time and laughing/screaming and babies (especially the new ones) crying so there is bound to be lots of noise -- but anyone who has worked around kids expects that.  My friend had the same issue but she simply put on her headphones and she was set.  I wasn't really sure about enrolling my daughter in swim, but I am so glad that I did.  One of the best decisions I ever made was enrolling her in classes here. Since then we have had many of our friends join water wings ---I'm proud to recommend Water Wings to everyone.
3	We took our six month old baby for his first swim lesson on a Saturday afternoon. We were given a tour although it was difficult to hear what the girl was saying because it was crowded and the acoustics were amplified in the indoor pool area.There are shower stalls and bathrooms to change in. Parents are welcome to watch their kids from the pool area or in the room next to it with a glass window.The pool is big and clean, and the temperature of the water was very comfortable. My baby didn't flinch at all when he went in the water. Our instructor was late, so we had a sub for the first few minutes. It was a good introductory lesson and a great way to get kids acclimated with the water. My son had a blast and was a trooper even when they submerged his head. The instructor led our group in fun activities that included toys and nursery rhymes. The session was half an hour long. Like other reviews mentioned, the Front Desk is a little unorganized. I think they should figure out a system where a parent can quickly purchase a snack without waiting ten minutes for the staff to go through the membership paperwork with other parents.Water Wings is worth checking out if you want a nice clean pool where your kids can learn how to swim.
5	Product:  My kids like the play area and seems to enjoy going to this place a lot. Service: All staff are all very friendly. Price: It is a little high compared to Life Time Fitness (the only other place I've visited), but my kids seems to like here more. Overall: There is really nothing to complain about here, everything is very well in this school.
1	Worst place ever!!! Took my daughter there for her first swim lesson, instructor not only makes fun of her name but then won't give her back to us when she in pool and crying and instead dunks her under water!!! I have never seen my 4 year old daughter so frightened or cry so hard or shake like that!!! This is supposed to be a place where she was going to learn to swim and instead she is traumatized! Parents don't trust this place with your babies!!!
2	My review is for Baby Swim 1 only:I used to love this place for my 6m old who is now 14m.  My old rating would have been 4 stars but I am annoyed because we had a lesson yesterday and for some reason the pool was packed.  We had to share a lane with another class which is not really easy to do when you have a baby and you are in the way of the bigger kids swimming.  It's unfair to everyone.  I never have a problem with staff they are super nice.  I guess my thing is they need more space.I do wish they would push my child to swim more like I have seen the other kids her age do at water wings.  My daughter is clearly comfortable with the water when she is being dunked and laughing.When I asked the lady on the phone if she could be moved up to Baby Swim 2, the next class, she did not really give me a good explanation.if your child is between the ages of 3m-11m Baby Swim 1 is awsome, but after one they start to out grow it if they love water.
3	Communication needs to be better; I had no idea class times changed.They gave my daughters confidence to be in the water though and that is why I was there.The facilities are clean.The staff seem burnt out when I was there, though it was the end of the day and I would be too swimming and working with kids the way they do. Overall, I would recommend the school.  My girls are not afraid of the water and that is mission accomplished.We attended for about six months
5	This is a update to my last review.  Avi reached out to us and offered to move my child up to  the next class which helped A LOT! He also explained that they were doing some schedule switches to prevent overcrowding.  When we went to another lesson the classes were less crowded and the teacher April was awesome.  Their customer service is great! very nice!
5	We take our daughter here...she loves it and is learning. Ms Ashley is a caring and wonderful instructor. Highly recommend.
5	My son and I love it here. The staff is awesome. This place is hard to beat. A bit pricey.. But we tried desert breeze and the water was way to cold. My sons lips turned blue at desert breeze, and we didn't finish the lesson even. We will be enrolling back at WW when we can afford it. Every instructor was amazing. We had three and they were absolutely a delight. Ms. April, ms. Courtney were amazing. There was a guy that filled in a makeup too for us and he was great too. We miss you WW! Love the water temp too. Unbeatable place for quality instructors and pool comfort. They also make you feel super welcome. They allow you to cme 10 minutes early to wade in the pool and get used to it before the instructor comes for you. Also, very organized place all round.
4	My son is in their first baby class, we've done a couple so far. So first I was kind of sceptic. We did some lessons at the Henderson rec. center last summer and it was just OK. After the first class here I felt it was kind of the same... But it's actually much better. We've had different instructors so far (just because we came at a few different times and days) and they were all great. The repetition of the songs and activities in the water makes the little ones not be afraid every time they go in. The fact they're bringing some water toys in makes them love it even more, and the fact that the class is only half an hour makes it even better! They won't last longer than that... (my little one literally faints in the car right after we leave, so tired!). So overall - a pretty great school. PRICEY in my opinion (the whole course at Henderson cost like 1.5 of this place!) and the facility (especially the showers and the bathroom!) can (and should in my opinion) be remodeled for the price they're asking. But they have a petit playground the kids can play in when you walk in, the staff is actually friendly, the instructors are good and their location is awesome, so I'm pretty much satisfied and so is my little one.
2	Staff just seem burnt out. The customer service is really lacking. They really have no concern in their customer loyalty or keeping customers coming back. The facility is sometimes clean, and sometimes not. The water last week looked disgusting, it looked "thick", I can't describe it any other way. The play area toys are grimy, more often than not.But I decided to write a review after this experience:They were using our instructor during our 30minute private lesson to train new staff. He spent most of the time talking to this new staff about how to instruct. When we said something to the staff after about 10 minutes, 1/3 of this lesson, was already wasted. Then, it took a few minutes to sort it out. Now we'd wasted 15 minutes of a 30 minute lesson. This was the first lesson since we have been back where my son was back to being comfortable and attentive in the water and it was wasted on training their own staff. He was off jumping around on the platform and playing. He basically got a 10 minute lesson because they usually play with water toys the last 5min, as a reward for listening. The playing is fine. But I am not okay with spending $42 on a 10 minute lesson. I would also have preferred that they informed me of the training in advance, as I would have known there would be wasted time and then would have rescheduled my lesson....sneaky sneaky bad customer service.The worst part? When the staff started scrambling around after we informed them about the lack of attention during our private lesson...we asked that he stop training during our lesson...the person I am assuming is a manager or owner came out of the office and once she heard what was going on, she hid in the back offices and did not say anything to us. I mean, a manager should have AT LEAST apologized on behalf of the business and the RIGHT thing to would have been to reschedule us for a new lesson. Nope, nothing.Our instructor is good, Adam, which is why we return. And we have now signed up for a bunch of lessons coming up so we will see that through. We are looking for a new school after that.
5	I take my daughter for the past 2 months to this swim school. Her instructor Andrew is really great with her and she enjoys the classes. We had only once a female instructor, who was on level zero (if we say 10 is the best), but that was out of the norm and her usual instructor is always great, has his routine and knows how to deal with the kids. So kudos to Andrew and we will keep going there till my girl knows how to swim :)
5	Adam is a great teacher, he keeps the kids engaged in the class and laughing. My daughter's skill level goes up every class. She lives to go and looks forward to it all week.
2	Locker rooms lack in every way. Come ready to swim. After lessons shower & change at home.
3	One of the better Learn to swim facilities but still needs improvement.At 9 months it was time for my little dude to get acclimated with swimming. After searching around and visiting a few swim schools in town, this location was one of the better schools.I found getting into classes that suited my time schedule wasn't to hard but being flexible to move to another day or missing a class and making it up was extremely difficult. After a few months of attending water wings my son had to miss a few weeks as being out of town etc, the school offers you a make up class as they require you to pay monthly, unfortunately if you cannot make up the class you will still be charged for the classes. I had two weeks in a row where I cancelled the class with fair notice, because we we're out of town we could not make up the class yet they still charged full price.The classes were great, my son really loved the instructor Amber. She was fantastic and i would  recommend her for any level or age group.A negative about this swim school is they let the kids play around after there classes in the walk in section. I'm ok with it, but a lot of the kids in classes are distracted by the other kids playing and no longer engage into there class. Unfortunately this is one of the reasons I had to pull my son out,as the whole class he and other kids wanted to play.The front desk girls are ok but on occasions can be extremely rude to customers, although they were nice to me, I did see it on a few occasions with others.
1	I was hoping to not have to write unfortunate review. First thing, I had to force my children to go because it is already paid.  One time we were not able to attend our regular class and went to a make-up class.  My son is pretty head strong and does not like going on this large floating mat.  The instructor tried so hard to get him on the mat that my son spent the next 15 mins crying and not participating in the class.  I even told the instructor that he didn't like that thing and just let him kick his legs in the water instead.The classes are a bit large for the quarter amount of lane you are given.  If you are lucky, the lane is only divided by 3.  That being said, they don't really have that much room to even swim.  Lastly, I decided to stop having to coax my kids to attend the lesson after one month.  I was informed that my credit card had already been auto-charged.  After more than 4 phone calls to Lisa, I was told that the best they could do was offer a credit towards future lessons.  I am not out more than $177 and I will never step in that place again.Word from the wise--DO NOT SIGN UP FOR AUTOCHARGE!!!!
1	I used to love this swim school, and both my kids attended for several years. The sad truth is that, over the past 6 months to a year, Water Wings has gone downhill dramatically and drastically. My kids no longer swim at Water Wings for several reasons, but my chief concern was many new and inexperienced swim teachers that simply put, do not know how to effectively teach children to swim. Unfortunately, most of the seasoned instructors from years past either no longer work with the company or have moved to California to work at the newest location. I paid for private lessons (not cheap) and in many classes the primary instructor was busy "training" a new instructor or chatting with a colleague. I understand training is necessary but it shouldn't take away or undermine the meat of the lesson, especially considering the cost and limited time allotment.As a parent one of my main concerns - besides the instructors' inexperience - is the lack of accountability for children's safety. Employees are neither background checked nor drug tested, which in my opinion, is unacceptable when staff is in direct contact with children. (Not only, but you are quite literally putting your children's lives in their hands when you hand them over in a pool.) Additionally, the pool and facility is often dirty and unsanitary. This became more apparent to me after switching my kids to swim at another facility. There have been many incidents over the years (dirty play area, grimy shower area, floating grossness in the pool) but the one that stands out to me was when an individual had vomited in the locker room. I notified the staff and instead of properly cleaning it up, they had sprayed it repeatedly with a noxious cleaner (but did not wipe or clean the area). Eww. The front desk staff is hit or miss. Some of them are super sweet and accommodating and some are rude and standoffish. As though they are better than you. Interesting. I've overheard them gossiping about their colleagues and other friends and even clients! Talking sh*t about your clients - and their kids - is not the best idea and is certainly unprofessional. I could go into more details but I think you get the point. Moral of the story is - I would have recommended years ago hands down. Today I would caution to stay away.
5	My kids have been going to Water Wings for about 10 years. I have 4 children ages 8 months, 2 years, 12&13. My 2 babies have been enrolled since they were 3 months. The staff is kind and fun. The facilities (all 3 are clean). The teachers are very professional but fun for the kids. I'm not saying that everything is perfect. Some teachers my kids don't like because some are more strict than others which is good. For my 2 older boys I needed a more serious teacher. And for my 2 year old I need a princess teacher. And the staff had no problem moving my classes until I was satisfied. I'm happy that there is a place that is trying to make it safe for our kids to be around water. Thank you Water wings!
