5	This is a 5 star macaron !!! My friend recommended this place to me and I said I had to try it !!!I stood in line and people were telling me what a great place it is . I haven't had a macaron in 5 years ... It was DELICIOUS !!! I went on to purchase 2 of the pistachio ,2 ginger bread and 2 Nutella ... Everything was amazing!!!There are GLUTEN Free !!!I would highly recommend this macaron cafe , I plan on coming back again and again !!!
5	it's very good!!!  good good     we like sooo much i love the green tea. really good will coming next time
4	Excellent macaroons!Confession: I love great macaroons like a baby loves milk. The almond crust exterior, soft interior, sweet paste filling in tempting flavors.  Uber yum.Macaron Cafe is now in my top three -- following a place in DC, another in San Fran, and now their booth at Fashion Square.Great assortment of flavors from Cassis, to Honey Lavender, to Green Tea, to Nutella.  All taste great and induce squeals from our little girls. (I love them enough to share. A little.)The two guys manning the booth shared they are based out of New York.  When I asked them why their prices for batches of more than 12 are *more* expensive than the smaller,they said it's because the larger orders come in a premium gift box.  Then one asked if I was an accountant.  He laughed and said I looked like one of those, too.  Ah, New Yorkers. :o)Wil be back to buy a box or two as gifts...
5	Totally delish. Went in the afternoon and they were still fresh. Highly recommend the honey lavender and cranberry macaron. Sweet sales clerks also!
5	Finally! Perfect moist delicious and beautiful macaron in Arizona !!  These were good size , tastey and well presented ( and presentation is big part of macaron) .My favorite macaron and will be back for more for me... And for gifts ! Perfect!
5	finally a place to get a variety of delicious and fresh macarons. The number of flavors that are rotated in make it hard for you to choose just one. These tasty cookies are hard to find in this state.These were moist and baked to perfection. The fillings were perfect, not too sweet or overflowing. The price are pretty reasonable for size of the cookies. They are normally $3-$4 else where. Also they have really good slushes. The white chocolate was creamy and smooth. They have a rewards program to earn free macarons. I will probably have to come here everyday.
5	Love the dark chocolate and vanilla! Green tea....not so much...overall, pretty good! :)
1	What are these people talking about?! I must have gotten the wrong kind or came at the wrong time because my matcha green tea macarons (only ones left at about 4pm) were nasty - they were almost hard as a rock, almost couldn't chew through it. The filling was bitter. My bf said it tasted burnt. For a place called "Macaron Cafe" I was expecting to be blown away but I was quite upset. Don't waste your money. This was the first time I've thrown macarons away. One star for the nice staff, free sample of slush (which wasn't good in my opinion) and for being appealing enough to reel me in to buy. But never again.
5	I was told about this place by my co-worker and decided to try it.  The macarons I had tried at other place was not very good so I wasn't expecting too much.  Also, they only had the green tea macarons left so I was a bit disappointed.  But since I was there I decided to try the green tea and it was so much better than what I had expected.  It wasn't too sweet, could actually taste the green tea (a bit bitter but had a good aftertaste to it), and good chewy texture.  They are soooo good!!  So now I actually like macarons.  I'll try other flavors next time and post reviews.  And Spencer was super nice!!
3	I work in the area and I have been to Macaron Cafe a few times since it opened. When it first opened, my coworkers and I were very excited because French Macarons are one of our favorite desserts. We tried many flavors the first day it was open including, nutella, dark chocolate, wedding cake, rose lychee and white chocolate peppermint. My personal favorite type of macaron is classic chocolate so the dark chocolate was my favorite here by far. The wedding cake and the white chocolate peppermint both had sort of an artificial flavor to me. The sheet that comes with the macaron's says to let them sit at room temp for a little bit but I prefer them chilled out of the case. I have found out that if you refrigerate macarons they get very stale and gross on the outside.Overall I feel that Macaron Cafe is just okay after sampling quite a few of the flavors. I feel as though it has quite a bit of hype right now because it is new and different but the macarons are really just okay. I have had many better macarons in Vegas and elsewhere.Service is also not the best which always knocks down a star in my book. One of the cashiers that helped me out last time, snapped at me because he said that he was helping someone else before me which I was not aware of. Rude.I would come back for a treat here once in awhile but there are a few other places nearby that have better dessert offerings.
1	Tastes like ball sack (Green Tea).
