5	There are not enough words to describe the fantastic service I received from Christine McNaught. Christine is truly a MasterCard commercial - priceless! When I was forced into a short sale due to the economy, a friend of mine highly recommended Christine to me. I called her & introduced myself and from that moment on we hit the floor running. Christine walked me through the stages of a short sale and what to expect and gave me a list of items that I needed to pull together for my lender. She was always two steps ahead of everything. Christine worked feverishly to get my lender to approve the short sale and to get a well qualified buyer to purchase my home. Christine constantly provided me with updates regarding the overall short sale approval process with my lender as well as the buyer's situation with their loan approval process. Not only did she manage to get the 1st lender to approve my short sale, but she was also successful with the 2nd lender that I had on the house as well. Christine made sure that both of the lenders involved released me from the deficiency due to the short sale. This was so important to me so that my credit will rebuild faster and that the credit agencies will see this debt as satisfied.Christine is an expert in short sales & foreclosures, and went above and beyond to close this deal for me. I am now able to move forward and feel like a huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. I am so thankful to Christine and highly recommend Christine to anyone in a similar situation.
5	Christine's help in searching for a home for us made the process very enjoyable. My wife and I found her knowledge of the Henderson Real Estate market to be outstanding and she goes the extra mile for her clients.  She was available for us when we needed to find a temporary rental home and helped again when the rental became foreclosed on. Its always great to see her friendly face around town and she will be our #1 contact for any future real estate needs.
5	Simply the best at what she does!  When my wife and I purchased our first home, Christine was patient and understanding of our needs. After showing us eight homes and making offers on many of them, we finally had an offer accepted.  Christine's knowledge of the market is second to none and her ability to negotiate on behalf of her clients is amazing.  She has been and always will be our "Go To" professional for Real Estate in Clark County.
5	We chose the right agent in Christine. Her marketing techniques surpassed all other agents we interviewed. First day of the listing, we had two offers. We accepted the offer above the asking price. Couldn't ask for anything more in an agent. Folks, take my word for it, if your selling in Henderson, Christine will get you top dollar and a quick sale.
