4	I'm not going to lie, I get takeout from this place almost every week...sometimes twice a week when I'm really in a Thai mood! This place is semi-hole in the wall-ish, but the food is pretty good. The owner knows me now because I'm always getting takeout, and usually getting the same thing. My favorites on the menu are the Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce, Panang Curry, and the Chicken Pad See Ew (rice noodles, with broccoli and some type of sauce). Takeout is usually the best option, they say the food will be ready in 10 minutes...but it's more like 5! I've gotten delivery a couple times, but that takes longer...and since it's pretty much down the street from me, I'll usually just make the drive to get the food.If you want quick, cheap, but decent Thai food, this is the place to go.
3	Hey its another Thai joint. Its good. I wouldn't ever go back. No real reason just a lot of other guys around town do it better. If your near it and want Thai give it a try. But if you see some my other reviews there is better options.
4	I only tried the pad tai but it ranks up there with some of the best I've tried in town. (which is pretty much everywhere) cute place nice staff. seems family owned and casual. i like
3	Ok.  The pad thai is pretty good.  everything else is ok.  It is very close to where I live so, I plan on going back once a week.  Convenience means alot to me.The people who work there are really nice and very accommodating to my "needs".  I didn't think to highly of their papaya salad.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here and the price is a little on the pricey side for a hole in the wall.  But, once again convenience is important that is until I try the other thai places in the area.
4	King & I has one of the best yellow currys & Pad thai i've ever had. Full of vegetables & super tasty and love the spice!On a trip to Vegas, I took my hubby to try it and he absolutely loved it too! He thinks it's the best thai food he's had... though, he's only been to maybe 3 or 4 different Thai places... but still, a place we'll eat every time we go to Vegas!
