4	The Las Vegas Academy Theatre is the performing arts wing of the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing and Visual Arts.  The students have an excellent program of theatre and musical performances.  The school has a national reputation.  They have been asked to premier the high school version of such musicals as Miss Saigon and Sweeney Todd.The school was established in 1993 and it has approximately 300 theatre and technical theatre majors.  The Academy has three theatres--a black box, the Lowden Theatre for the Performing Arts, and the Las Vegas Academy Performing Arts Center.The school in downtown Las Vegas is a magnet for students with an interest in pursuing a theatre career.Check out the season offerings by looking at the website.  They do a fine job!
5	this school's JAZZ PROGRAM IS AMAZING!! Grammy-Award Winning FABULOUS!!
5	My good friend, Matt, has a son who's an acting major at Las Vegas Academy. Yes, our fair city has its very own "Fame" high school for the performing arts.  I had the pleasure of seeing "Our Town" last year and most recently, "Oklahoma!"  Both productions were staged in the school's theatre, which is just the right, intimate size for each patron to be able to see and hear the wonderful performances by the students. There is an art gallery adjacent to the lobby where guests can view pieces produced by the students, as well as a snack bar in the lobby for before the show and during intermissions. Suffice it to say, the theatre would be nothing without the students who attend LVA.  From the orchestra, to the set decor and lighting, to the performers themselves, these students will blow you away with the level of talent that they exhibit. With their dancing, singing, and acting, it's not hard to imagine that these young adults are destined for big things. I highly recommend seeing a performance here if you get the chance and support the kids--I'm sure you'll be as impressed as I always am.  Bravo!Shameless plug:  "Oklahoma!" is still being performed for the next two weekends of Feb. 28 and March 7--tickets are only $18.  See "Surrey with the Fringe on Top" performed live!  Much better than Billy Crystal's karaoke version in "When Harry Met Sally" (although that is one of my favorite movies.)
5	I was lucky enough to go to LVA from 1994-98. It was an amazing experience and shaped my life moving forward. It was such a pleasant experience to go to a school where everyone can be who they want to be. No one is weird or outcast because everyone is accepted as who they are. I wish all schools had the same atmosphere. I actually went to LVA for the or orchestra music program, so I spent a lot of time in the theater for rehearsals and  concerts. It is a great theater and a good place for students to hone their craft, whichever it may be.
4	Parking can be tight, so arrive early.This review is for the old, original theatre not the beautiful new one.I'm an alumni of the original LVHS on 7th and Bridger, so I was looking forward to visit my old stomping grounds.  I'd forgotten how few parking spaces there are and didn't realize there was so much road construction.  Good news is that it was a bright, sunny day and i have to admit I enjoyed walking the block.Despite looking aged, I have good memories of this auditorium and am giving it a nostalgic 4-stars.  Go Wildcats!
4	This is a great program for kids with an interest in the performing arts. I had heard about their performances before so was curious when I saw they had a guitar Christmas show performing the Trans Siberian Orchestra. The kids are pros and they had all grades performing in separate groups. So much potential, it's great to see these types of programs still exist for those with the aptitude. If you have the opportunity to see these kids in action. I highly recommend it.
