3	Buried in the corner of a pretty quiet shopping plaza behind Zaxby's, I don't know what I was expecting but Mr. Pita wasn't it. Perhaps I was thinking that they would be a bit more "Greek" or middle eastern. Instead, they're a sandwich place and their "hook" is that they serve it all on pita breads as wraps.They have a pretty good (i.e., cheap) special, which is a 7 inch pita with drink for $4.99. It's pretty hard to beat that these days. However, I went with the 9 inch wrap combo, which includes a bag of chips as well as the drink. (They have a Pepsi fountain, plus sweet and unsweet tea.)I've been on a corned beef kick lately, so the Reuben seemed like an interesting and different option, since I've never had one of those as a wrap before. While it had the right ingredients - corned beef, swiss cheese, thousand island dressing and, yes I know, cole slaw - and the right flavor, I was left hungry. There was only a small amount of meat in the sandwich and it was quite "drippy". I'd probably skip this one next time. I'd also recommend skipping the pickle, which I found entirely too soft and not worth the effort of eating.The other option is that they have an "all you can eat" bar with premade and wrapped sandwiches - hot and cold - as well as pita pizzas and nachos and a short salad bar section. With a drink, that would have only been another dollar. Perhaps that would be the better choice if you're a "Hungryman" like myself.The franchise owner was the one working the counter and he was very friendly and engaging, checking to see if our sandwiches were okay and apologizing for being out of roast beef (which I guess means it's at least fresh). The restaurant was clean and well stocked.Bonus: they have signs advertising the place as a wi-fi hotspot, but I didn't have time today to check it out. Perhaps when I come back, and yes, I'll be back.
4	This restaurant opened about 6 months ago or so and I haven't been disappointed yet. If you're going for a light and semi healthy meal (depends on what you get there), this is the place. I love pita sandwiches and Mr. Pita has pretty much any kind of pita you can think of. Their menu ranges from an Italian (complete with salami, ham, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pepper rings, and italian dressing) to a Peanut Butter pita (with your choice of banana slices, apple slices, or grape jam). Each comes in 7 inch, 9 inch, or 12 inch sizes (cut in half). You also can choose what kind of pita bread. Your choices are white or honey wheat.It doesn't stop with just pita sandwiches, they have other items too. Cold classics, baked pitas (oven baked pitas), pita pizzas, salads, soups, chilli, mexican pitas, and quesapitas (basically a quesadilla, but they use pita bread instead of tortillas). I've had their pita pizzas and they're not bad. The pita bread can get a little tough if it's cooled too much, but over all, it tastes just like a pizza. Show up hungry and want to get more than just 1 item off the menu? No problem! They have a pita bar that's all you can eat for $7.49 and it has everything (including the soups and salad) plus they throw in nachos. Talk about a steal. I've saved the best for last. If you get a combo, you can get your side items. What's so great about it, they oven bake their fries and chicken tenders. I don't think I've seen anything in there that's fried (I could be wrong though). As for the time to go, don't go during noon rush hour because that place gets packed! I've gone a little after 1pm, and my co-worker and I were the only people in the restaurant, had the whole place to ourselves.I will defiantly will keep going back!
4	Great healthy alternative for lunch. Well priced for quality food. The first location for this chain in Charlotte
3	The sole tenant remaining in strip mall behind Zaxby's; Mr. Pita has held on as long as it can in a strip mall that does not drive traffic.  They are closing Friday.  Anyone looking for a deal on storefront space, contact the landlord, must be willing to get anyone to lease there.Hopefully Mr. Pita will find a better location because the food is actually a very nice break from the Burger, Chicken, Sub lunch routine.   Go for the Pita bar which lets you sample a little of everything.  Gyro pita and the pita pizza's were hot and tasty.
