5	Actually the one I went to was located on Eastern of the 215, however the cakes are delicious. You might want to prepare for exercise afterwards as you're going to need it.  The chocolate/carmel is great, and don't fret all of their cakes come with a cream frosting, but it is delicous.  The cake is moist, and worth the break in any diet.
5	Every year, for our birthdays, the company asks us what our cake of choice is and year after year, I keep choosing Nothing Bundt Cakes'  Raspberry/White Chocolate Cake.  Every cake that I have ever tried from here has been nothing short of Eyes-rolling-to-the-back-of-head GOOD.   Granted, the Icing gets a little sweet after a while, but the amount of icing you eat is completely up to you, so eat only what you can stand.  Couple that with consistently friendly service and they've earned a "five" from meBy the way, they also have Mini Bundts available so you can try them out before your grab one of the full sized ones.  So get over there and try some out, don't be a silly bundt
5	First of all, I DO NOT LIKE BUNDT CAKES. Never did. And you know why? Because I never had a bundt cake like this before. Oh. My. Gawd.5 Stars because whether you eat it there that same day, or eat it the next day, or the next, or the next, or (who am I kidding, it never lasts more than a day), or have it shipped alllllll the way to LA -- it's still moist, soft, and absolutely delicious.I received one in the mail once and it came PERFECTLY -- nothing smushed, nothing broken off, all the decorations still there and tasted yummo!Oh, one time, while on our way out of Vegas, we were sooooo excited that we picked up one of the last bundt cakes available in the store (this was before a holiday so they were nearly sold out), we were so giddy about it that hubs didn't know he ran a RED LIGHT!  Yep. We were stopped by a cop. So we pulled over and the cop took my hub's driver license, asked where we going, etc...then he saw the bundt box in my lap.Cop - "Is that from Nothing Bundt Cakes?"Me (nods).Cop - "They got good Bundt Cakes."Me (offering him the box) - "You can have it if you let us go with a warning...please?"Cop - "Tempting...nah, go ahead. Have a great Thanksgiving. By the way, when do they close?"Me (as hubs rolls up window) - "Better hurry, they almost sold out!"I kid you not. Bundt cake saved the day!Oh, and drink with milk. Lots and lots of cold milk.
5	Again thank you yelp!! I staked this place out before leaving for vegas and planned to come here, my expectations were high.From the strip it took about 12 minutes to drive to.. not so bad. I was rushing seen how it was 3:30 and they were going to close at 4:00pm.  but we got there at about 3:45 and there were tons of people in there getting cakes. A cute little place, they have samples... they were sampling the chocolate chocolate and damn did that just get me there.  It was so moist and chocolaty, very good, the frosting is not too sweet, not overwhelming. Very good!!!  As i looked in to the fridge where all of them were kept i was disappointed cause they only had like 2-3 flavors of the small individual cakes left. But the lady said they have all flavors available in the bake. So i was very happy, ended up getting 8 of the individual ones!! My favorites are the red velet, the chocolate chocolate and the carrot!  Yummy!!
4	This store looks candy nice & pretty new but they've been here about a yr from a location down the street.  You can pre-order &/or just run in & pick up which is convenient.  A cake which serves 8 is $18.50 (cake which serves 18 is $28.50) & they're moist & delish = we had red velvet & a choc with chocolate chip both with cream cheese frosting on the top.
5	What can I say about NBC...They are pretty much my favorite maker of cakes ever...well at least this location. I first tasted their cakes as a gift from one of my managers year's ago. I was so impresed I purchased my very own cake a few weeks later.  Shortly thereafter I move to CA and was sad to leave NBC until I heard a location opened up in San Diego...I had my husband drive me there while I was having a pregnancy craving only to be disappointed about that franchise...so now I make a point everytime I go to vegas I pick me up a cake from the Sahara location. The cakes are the bomb I have tasted every kind..; My favorite are Red Velvet and Marble and oh yeas in case you have to have they ship them...I had a craving while in Chicago and had them ship too for my family to enjoy....Nothing Bundt Cakes is a must try.
4	After seeing this on yelp, we decided to make a trip to find ourselves some bundt cake. Upon arrival, I noticed that most people had ordered their cakes in advance and were picking them up. I asked what kind of small bundts they have left and the selection wasn't all that great. I had wanted the lemon one but ended up settling for the red velvet.We brought it back and when I opened to eat it I was blown away by how moist it was. It was well..... really good! The cream cheese frosting was a tad too sweet for me, but it was still tolerable. I enjoyed it.Service was very abrupt at this place, considering it's the holiday season, they were really sour-faced and no cheery smiles, nothing! They have a few locations in California, one about an hour away from me so if I'm in the area, I'll definitely pop in and get one, and I don't even like cake!Small bundts are $3.99!
5	hands down best frosting ever.  their cakes are moist, their shop is cute, their staff is friendly, and they have cake options for every budget.what more can you ask for?
4	We ate at sushi mon and wanted something sweet for our ride home back to LA and stumbled in to Nothing Bundt Cakes.  This is such a charming little shop, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Their cakes are so light, moist and the frosting is amazing!!  They had a great selection from red velvet, carrot cake, lemon, white chocolate, praline and more ... I settled on the lemon rasberry ... ohhhhhh so goooooood!!!  has a great citrus-y flavor from the lemon and the perfect amount of sweetness from the rasberry!!  I wish there was one by me!!!
4	I love bundt cakes. It reminds me of my mom and she made yummy fruit and marble bundts growing up for me to eat as breakfast cakes on the way to school. This place does it a step up from my mom by putting petals of creamcheesy frosting love on my bundt.Mom in law brought one marble one for the hell of it and it was yummy. 2nd time they got a redvelvet chocolate chip bundt for my birthday. It was simple and cute- they had a bundt cake printed b-day card and flowers inserted in the hole and balloons attached to the plastic wrap. This was pretty good red velvet and I loved the chocolate chip when I thought I would be disappointed as I'm a fan of plain red velvet. A bit pricey for the big ones considering that you put it into a mold and frost the top; dont have to cut and stack like a traditional cake, so its easy to make but still isn't what I consider bad value. When you think of flavor and quality, whether its a traditional cake or bundt, and it hits the mark- its all worth it and a great value to me. I never skimp on satisfying special treats and this one is a favorite. Only mom can make them this good....I'm an experienced cook and I haven't gotten my bundt cake right yet.I like that they have individual sized bundts and now mini bite sized bundtinis! Perfect for just a small dessert or trying a variety of their flavors. Think I'll be stopping for the minis as a full bundt is overkill if it isn't an occasion I can share it. And FYI, Capriottis has their mini bundts! YAY!
5	Lately I've been craving something sweet but when your in Vegas and nothing will satisfy your craving than a moist red velvet bundt cake. That drizzled icing exudes goodness on every bite. That satisfaction you know that hits the spot. I've had gourmet cupcakes but nothing bundt cakes. It's something I know I will miss when I'm gone. Something I will be back for when I'm back here again....My favorite is the red velvet. I've had the chocolate turtle and that one is good too.
4	I too am not a fan of bundt cakes, until I ate here.  This place will satisfy any sweet tooth cravings.   The cake is moist, delicious and fresh tasting.  No hints of artificial-ness unlike some of the cupcake places. Anything with CREAM CHEESE FROSTING is to die for. But expect SWEET.  They're also great as gifts too- beautifully presented with or without the extra decor.I'm a huge fun of the chocolate chocolate chip and the carrot cake. The only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is the service.  I agree with Anita L- the service is bland.  With all the cheery decor and colors in the store, the service and the people do not match up.  Just a smile or even a "how are you?" is all I ask for.
5	I love these cakes and they are probably have the best tasting cakes you can get in vegas.  What they serve is some of the most moist, rich, flavorful cake I have ever had and they cover it in rich cream cheese frosting that is delicious.  They all taste like they are made with real and fresh quality ingredients.  The large cake is about 28 bucks I think and will feed about 18 so it's not bad.  Bring one of these to the next dinner party you are going to, people will be excited.  They have some flavors you can walk in and just buy or others you need to order but it only takes a couple hours to get.  My favorites are the chocolate chip, lemon, and white chocolate raspberry.
5	SO. DAMN. GOOD.  The cake is super moist and the frosting is heavenly!!!!!!!  I've had the marble and chocolate...both delicious.  The bundlets would make great little gifts.
5	Moist cakes. Cream cheese frosting. Nothing beats Nothing Bundt Cakes. You can send these as gifts out of state too. They give away free tasters if you drop in the store.A bundt cake makes a great Valentine's day gift for chocolate lovers.
5	Honestly, I am just another one of many happy customers. Incredibly moist, not too sweet, the perfect cake. And it's just plain fun to say bundt cake. Recommend calling ahead of time to order your cakes for easy pick up. Enjoyed the red velvet and the vanilla chocolate swirl. :)
5	I love Nothing Bundt Cakes! I am not a dessert person, but I sure do love this cake! I can't seem to stay away from the Chocolate Chip flavor and as much as I want to try another....I just can't do it! It's so soft, delicate and oh so sweet in my mouth! The white frosting on top is just oh my oh my goodnes! This is my go to place to get birthday cakes for loved ones!
5	I never really thought that I had a sweet tooth, but looking back at my past Yelp reviews I have plenty of "sweet" items. I LOVE Nothing Bundt Cakes! They have never disappointed me with their moist cakes and cream cheese frosting! Oh baby! I think my personal favorite flavors are the White Chocolate Raspberry and Marble. I think the individual sizes are perfect for a two day dessert for one person, but for those with a birthday bring on the 8 incher or 10 incher!
5	BEST cake Ever. Doesn't taste anything like what you *think* bundt cakes are. Moist, tasty, light and VERY addictiveThe Chocolate Chocolate Chip ones are amazing. The Red Velvet is my 2nd fave.
5	Do you have an option for 6 stars????  This is by far the best cake on the planet! We buy one for every birthday my family has and we scream " BUNDT!". I once didn't speak to my husband for 2 days after I sent him Bundt to his work for his birthday and he let the vultures there open it and eat it! I was SO mad! He was supposed to bring it home. He now knows that the Bundt is sacred!  Our favorite is the chocolate chocolate chip, but I look forward to the coming in on Friday and getting some baby bundts in other flavors too.  YAY BUNDT!
5	DeLiCiouS! deliciouselegantlusciousincrediblecream cheese frostingindescribable on point buntsunbelievably moistsupa gOod!5 STaRs ya'll!
5	This has the BEST BUNDT CAKES in town!!!! I cannot say enough about it! I love their chocolate bundt cake, with the white frosting. They are so moist and soft and flavorful! Even after a week, they are still moist and yummy. My old employer use to buy them everytime it was someone's birthday. AMAZING!!!
4	Yummy moist cakes with cream cheese frosting. I first came across these cakes, years ago, while working in a real estate office- there's so much food being dropped off by title officers and loan officers, it's no wonder how one can easily pack on the pounds. This bakery really found its niche. It's the perfect gift for the sweet tooth. Years later, still puts out a great tasting product.
5	This is another one of those places where you really can't go wrong. I was introduced to this place in Dallas many years ago and was quickly addicted to their always moist cake with rich cream cheese frosting. It doesn't seem to matter the flavor or size, I've tried them all, the product is always good. You can get various sized cakes, bundlets (which are like really big cupcakes) or bundtinis (like little cupcakes) all with their signature frosting. They keep it simple, which I believe helps maintain the consistency across their different stores. My personal favorites are the cinnamon swirl and red velvet, however, I tried the pineapple upside down bundtini today and it's a new contender... I have heard they deliver, although I've never tried this service myself, but if you happen to stop by one of their quaint shops you'll find an array of adorable cake/baking themed accessories. They also make great bundt cake bouquets for birthdays, showers, etc. that come complete with flowers or balloons. My sister got one for her birthday and it was insanely cute. Overall, I would definitely recommend any of the Nothing Budnt Cake locations if you're looking for a sweet treat. You won't be disappointed!
4	This is how good the cakes are here:  I used it as my wedding cake!We used the red velvet cake and it was pretty good.  I never tried red velvet, I'm more of a chocolate kind of girl.  I think it may have been left out too long at the reception because it was not as moist as their cakes usually are.  They have a guideline on their website for the time frame in which the cake should be eaten, and I'm sure we were way out of the time frame.  Everyone at the party raved about it, so it was fine.Other flavors I have tried are lemon (yummy!) and chocolate, of course.  They have all been great and although I am usually not too fond of frosting, theirs is really good.  They have 8" size and 10" sizes, and oh yeah, the mini size (called a bundtlet) is a good way to try a new flavor.  Although I can't find too much to complain about at this place, I didn't give it five stars is because of the lackluster service. If you are looking for real good eats in a cake at a very reasonable price, look no further!
5	Brobee from Yo Gabba Gabba has the right idea about the excitement of food.****I'm gonna eat. Yeah!Yummy Yummy. I'm gonna eat. Yeah!Yummy Yummy.Bundt cake yeyaaaaahh!In my tummy.Party, Party, Yeaaaahhhh!*******Wisdom from a kid song.I got pecan praline bundt cake. Party, party, yummy, yummy!Yes, I'll be coming by again and I'm gonna party in my tummy with all the other flavors soon..... Yeaahhh!
5	If you know of a better place to get a great tasting moist delicious cake PLEASE TELL ME !!!Simply this place is the best if you want a good cake ! I get 1 or 2 of their carrot cakes a week ! You have to call ahead to get a carrot cake so make sure you do, i used to get their red velvet and it was equally as good but i am much more of a carrot cake person ! I have never had a bad cake and the always taste the same, all of their staff that i have dealt with have been more than helpful I definitely recommend these places to anyone !
5	WOAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! These cakes are nothing bundt the best!**This review is strictly for the BUNDT CAKES. As I never visited the location**Thank god Capriottis orderes mini bundt cakes to sell these bad boys.I tried the 1) Red Velvet: Added bonus was the chocolate chips inside. 2) Carrot: Pretty darn good. I can't say much since my fork kept dipping into the red velvet and chocolate chip cakes.3) Pecan Praline: GOOD! My third favorite. You can taste the "praline".4) Chocolate Chocolate Chip: OH GOD. MY favorite. So chocolately. So good. The chocolate chips made me faint!Overall, all the bundt cakes had a great amount of cream cheese frosting. The best thing, they were all very moist! YUM!
5	I love their Bundt cakes! It was actually my first visit into their store but I've actually had their cakes many times before... My family was in town and we were in the area so we stopped in. I love how their store is decorated and they sell a lot of cute kitchen accessories. Although I don't ever see myself purchasing a $40 apron, it's real cute to add to their decor lol. My brother ordered the small cakes; red velvet, white white chocolate and lemon. I am not a fan of any kind of lemon cake so I can't comment on that but the other two, Oh Em GaHEE... SO moist and rich. None of us had anything negative to say. If there's a bakery in town that I'd recommend, it'd be this place. I am not sure if they do custom orders, but all their cake look the same but they don't need to change anything as their cakes already great the way that they are.
5	How could anyone say anything bad about these cakes????SOOOOOOO delicious.  So moist.  So unbelievable.They're a bit pricey but absolutely -- 100% -- worth every penny!
4	When I first found out about this place it became a short lived desert hype for me For my graduation my aunt did get me this HUGE HUGE RED VELVET BUNDT CAKE from here and I tell you WUT it was legit and freaken overweight with red velvety taste it sat in my fridge for a week because it was so freaken heavy with taste and big. I like how they have different sizes and they offer this mini personal size called a bundtlet for you and you alone in different flavors for $4.
3	Ok so my friend took pictures of these little delectable delights and put them on her Facebook. As soon as I saw it, I knew I had to go to this place the next time I was in Vegas. It's funny, everyone from Hawaii brings home Krispy Kreme or Ethel M chocolates...never heard of this place. The shop is small but cute. Two make personalized bandit cakes for pick up as well. They have a book with seasonally decorated bunt cakes to order. There are so many flavors to choose and seasonal ones too. The flavors ranged from red velvet to marble. At the bottom of the review I listed the flavors and pricing. There are 4 sizes of bundt cakes: bundtinis, bundtlets, 8' and 10'. I got the smallest, the bundtinis to sample the different flavors. The ladies were nice, except one lady got upset at me or taking photos. Se told the manager who came out and asked me a bunch if questions like I was stealing a business secret. I like taking pictures and I was excited to try their product. I was quite taken aback and would have been fine with a simple no pictures please. After waiting 20 minute for my dozen, they brought me out the wrong size which I should have just taken. so I had to wait another 20 minutes. All in all. The cakes were yummy and I wanted more! I tried all of them but the carrot. They were all moist and delicious. If it weren't for the wait and that lady, i would have given it a 5. Next time, I will go to the other location and hope thy won't treat me as a spy! Pricing Bundtini~bite size~? will fill in soon...BUNDTLET ~ Single Serving ~ Single 3.99 Bundle(12) 45.00 8" CAKES ~ Serves approx. 8 ~ Decorated 29.50 Undecorated 18.50 - 21.00 10" CAKES ~ Serves approx 18 ~ Decorated 39.50 Undecorated 28.50 - 31.00 Flavors: chocolate, chocolate chip red velvet pecan praline cinnamon swirl marble carrot white chocolate raspberry white white chocolate lemon flavor of month
4	Amazing bundtlet cakes.  They fit in with the cupcake craze, but these delightful mini $4 bundts cake are bigger and better!I had the red velvet, lemon, marble, and carrot cake mini bundts.  All were fantastic.Would have been a five-star review if it were not for the unpleasant staff.  They definitely need some customer service training or they should be required to smile at least once an hour to keep their jobs.
5	I have yet to try a cake I didn't like here..  The absolute best?  The marble cake..  A close second would have to be the red velvet cake with the chocolate chips..  Mmmm
5	Bundt, how do I love thee!?!I never thought I would say that. When I think of bundt cake, I think of some dried out excuse for a cake that some neighbor or coworker brings in for a pot luck. Nothing Bundt Cake is nothing like that!!! They're moist and flavorful. A definite treatWe have these in my office all the time. They're fantastic. My favorite flavors are the lemon and lemon raspberry. I tend to prefer the fruitier flavors. Never really been into the seasonal pumpkin flavor either. They're always delightful. I just recently started enjoying the cream cheese frosting. I used to always scrape it off, much to the chagrin of all my coworkers. I have finally become a fan.
4	I prefer to do the baking myself.......I enjoy the personalization that I can create for others.  There are those times though when I'm in a hurry, have no time or frankly, LAZY, that I can always rely on NBC to seal the deal! ~The marble cake is AMAZING, definitely my favorite!~The family fav is white chocolate raspberry.......also good!~Red velvet is always crowd approved. ~Prices are great.....well, to me at least.~Cute shop......great for picking out nick-knacks for the kitchen (cake plates/stands and aprons)!*Take note if you're planning on ordering for HOLIDAYS......they tend to run out fast.
5	Had an urge for sweets and found this place of high rating on Yelp!. I haven't had many Bundt cakes or cakes in general but I do admire those that more than satisfy my cravings.4 Bundtlets. In order from what we liked most (ALL 4 Were Astounding!):1. Red Velvet = 6/5 stars2. Marble = 5.5/5 stars3. Chocolate Chocolate Chip = 4.5/5 stars4. Carrot = 4/5 stars*Perfect medium spongy cake texture, not too sweet, frosting just right and flavors were a home run!!Regal Little mounds of BundtaMania!!! Worth $4 a Pop!!!!!
4	Bundtinis are such a great idea! You can get a dozen for $16.50 either a customized one (which is about a 45minute wait according to the girl the last time I stopped by) or they have preset assorted dozen (red velvet, chocolate chocolate, marble, and raspberry) which are all delicious.Maybe I have just had far too much sweets lately, but I didn't find them to be as yummy as usual, but that is probably just me.Red velvet wise, this is my favorite one! and i LOVE red velvet.They aren't too sweet and just the right size. I think their cakes are slightly pricey, but thats just IMO. But the cakes are delicious, good texture, perfect amount of sweetness, and fresh.Very nice clean shop and friendly service. Also as small gifts that you can pick up, but not much.Sometimes you just get that craving, not just for sweets, but specifically bundt cakes from NBC, and this hits the spot :)
5	I was craving some sweet treats, and decided to head over to Nothing Bundt Cakes after reading all the great reviews here on Yelp.Since it was my first time here, I decided to buy only 2 Bundtlets, just in case I didn't like it. I decided to go with the Chocolate Chocolate Chip and the Marble. These cakes were awesome! They were perfect in size, moist and full of flavor, not too sweet, and had just the right amount of cream cheese frosting. I really liked the Marble one, I could not put my fork down! I ate half for my lunch dessert and I had to force myself to save the other half for after dinner! The plastic boxes that the Bundlets come in are great too! I can eat a few bites, pop the cover back on to save the rest, and put it in the fridge.Very nice store with cute decorations! They also sell things like cake platters, cake knifes, plates, and greeting cards. Although I doubt I would ever buy any of these items from here. I'm sure they are expensive! There was only one employee at the cash register and about 4 customers in line when I visited, but she was pretty friendly.Must go back for more and to try different flavors!
4	These are totally cute and great non-traditional birthday cakes. I got one for a friend at work once and she was so happy she cried.
5	Soooo delicious!!  I was first introduced to Nothing Bundt Cakes about 10 years ago or so and have always loved it.  I like that I can order cakes and have it delivered anywhere in the US.  They have a good variety of cake flavors to choose from.  The cream cheese frosting is very good.
5	I've been a big fan of this chain for a while. But up until a week ago I had only tried the red velvet cake. The red velvet is reason enough to go. It's a rich, moist cake with chocolate chips mixed in. Then, of course, there's the frosting. Retro bakery may have the market cornered when it comes to buttercream, but for cream cheese frosting there's none better than the one found at Nothing Bundt Cake.A week ago I finally got around to trying other flavors thanks to my $20 Groupon. I walked out with five bundlets and all were moist, fluffy, and delicious and topped with the same thick, rich and creamy frosting.In order of best to least favorite, I'd rank the flavors as follows:1) Red velvet2) Carrot cake - filled w/ bits of carrots3) Pecan Praline - rich, buttery, streusel cake w/ pecans4) Chocolate chocolate chip - chocolate chips; dense and sweet chocolate cake5) White white chocolate - sweet white chocolate with white cake6) White chocolate raspberry - raspberry puree mixed in with the cake
5	I LOVE their bundt cakes. They made all our cakes nice and tasty. They were so fresh too! Definitely recommend them for special occasions or just for gifts to co-workers!
4	What?!?! I know the bunt cakes here are deliciously good and they melt in your mouth, not in your spoon or fork but! the real reason I go to Nothing Bundt Cakes is for their WHITE CHOCOLATE POPCORN!!!! It's the same makers of Danielle's Snow Popcorn! I've been getting my quick fix of these scrumptious delectable little pieces of heaven at NBC since they closed the Danielle's shop here in Vegas. The popcorn may run to seven dollars at NBC compared to the seven dollars of twice the size of that bag at their headquarters in Mesquite. I guess you have to weigh your options.... Drive an hour and get the popcorn twice as big for the same price or buy it at NBC for the convenience of it being in the same city. To each it's own. So if you ever get a chance to treat yourself at NBC please try the red velvet [because it has mini chocolate chips mixed in which is just the best little surprise when you taste it] ALONG with the white popcorn. I promise you will not be disappointed unless you are on a really tight budget. In that case, just choose one. *whispers excitedly: the popcorn!*
5	Extremely addictive!!  Are you sure this is just cake and frosting?  Maybe the DEA should test one to check for illegal substances in the red velvet and chocolate bundts.  Actually...I don't want the friggin DEA to deem these illegal.  That means I could never have them again and that would be wrong.  I was hooked as soon as I took a bite of a bundt at the CMYE Yelp Seats event.I try to limit myself to one a month because I would be a prime candidate for bypass surgery in 5 years if I had one every time I craved one.Eagerly awaiting anyone's next birthday party so I have an excuse to buy a large bundt :)
3	Cakes are great. BUT customer service, whether it's phone, in person, or by e-mail, is non-existent to sub-par and average at best. That would make or break my decision to order or get a cake from here. Just because your cakes are good doesn't mean you can be apathetic or a complete a jerk to your paying customers. Oh yeah, they're also rather overpriced.
5	I just moved to Vegas and live on the opposite side of town.  I have tried the bundlets and they are freakin' AMAZING! I agree with others and friends who have tried their cakes.  They're super moist and just to die for.  For my first visit I grabbed the following bundlets: The Turtle, Red Velvet, Marble and White Chocolate Raspberry.  The winner for me is the White Chocolate Raspberry Bundlet, I just love how the flavor blends well in my mouth.  It's better than a raspberry white chocolate cheese cake.  OMG!!! It's complete awesomeness and if I could I would rate the service with 10 stars.  Very friendly and know their bundt cakes real well.  I can't wait for one of my friends and family to visit this is a definite selfless gift to share!!! Love, love, love it!
5	Since trying them at the Yelp Seats Events- my BF has made me go pick him up bundt cakes every few weeks...they are SO good...even I like them and I'm not a dessert person!Last week, I took my daughter and her BFF there, we picked up two white chocolate, two chocolate and two pecan praline.  They were all gobbled up in two days!  I would've gotten their red velvet too but they were out by the time we got there!The cakes are moist, frosting is not too sweet.  Better than some of these cupcake places around Vegas.My only request- could you please be open later than 6pm??? It's hard to get there by 6pm some days and everything is also almost gone by that time too :(
5	All I can say is yummy! All of the flavors I've tried are amazing and they come in all sizes to fit your needs. The people are very friendly and patient.
5	I count down the months till October, when they start making pumpkin bundt cake! Oh My God!! Soo good! marble is my second favorite. Good gift for a birthday!
4	*4 stars* for their pineapple bundt cake =)
5	Get ready to be transported to a world of moistness, softness, and the best bundt cakes in the world!This review is based solely on the red velvet chocolate chip bundt cake but honestly, I don't think I need to try anything else. I originally wanted to try a bundt cake since my bf had tried it at work and bragged how it was the best red velvet cake he's ever tasted. No special occasion was coming up for me so all I really wanted was a few bites or two. Their smallest size is the bundtini but its literally 1 bite. I opted to get the red velvet chocolate chip in the bundtlet size as it would last me about 20-30 bites (good for 2 people). First off, what stood out to me the most was how bright the color of the red velvet was. The vibrant red paired with their white cream cheese icing was an excellent eye treat to start. However, once I took my first bite, my body completely melted. The texture of the cake was just so soft and moist and of course not overly sweet. Combine that with the not-overly-sweet icing, nothing bundt cake has made the perfect marriage! Though I've only tasted the red velvet one, I'm sure the rest of their cakes are just as moist and tasty!
5	Go to here.We used their bundtinis as wedding favors (best favors EVER, by the way), and when I called in ahead of time to ask about them, they scheduled us to come in for a free tasting.  We got 4 bundtinis to try!  I think red velvet is probably the most popular flavor, but if you haven't tried it yet, check out the lemon flavor.  It's a moist party in your mouth.We ordered 6 dozed bundtinis for our wedding, and they were ready for us on the morning we picked them up, in all their delicious glory.The people here are nice too.  They don't judge you (openly) when you go back to the sample tray for seconds.
4	The best chocolate cake that I have ever had. I don't even like chocolate cake but love there's. While I was in Vegas I went there and found out there putting one in Atlanta can't wait.
5	Yumm!!!! The cakes are so moist and perfect! The chocolate chip bundt cake is the best!
5	I want to buy a case of "Bundtlets" and bury my face in the box. They are that good. I just bought one of each flavor (plus a couple extra) and look forward to trying them all while fighting off the evildoers (sharing is caring? Not this time, sorry). I ate a pecan praline while driving home and the Vegas traffic didn't even bother me. Moist, delicious cake with a well-executed frosting at a price only slightly more daunting than my local cupcake spot. Can't go wrong.
5	Mmmmm! Once you have tried a Nothing Bundt Cake, you will never look at other cakes the same. If you're spending money on cake, this is THE only place to do it. You can never go wrong with red velvet bundt, but each and every one of their flavors has been amazing in my experience.x
5	OMG! This place is heavenly!  I've tried a total of four different flavors now and each one has the same moist mouth watering trait.  The chocolate-chocolate cake with the chocolate chips... so good.  It had the right amount of sweetness and wasn't too chocolately.  The first bite I took of the seasonal pumpkin spice was reminiscent of Thanksgiving dinner and really gave me a taste of autumn (even though it still feels like summer in Vegas).  I can still taste the wonderful pumpkin in my mouth.  I would've liked it if they added some chocolate chips in this one too; it would've been that much better.  I'm a fan of sprinkles's red velvet cupcakes and I always made an effort to stop by when in the area.  That was the extent of my cravings though.  I never went out of my way to pick up a cupcake.  Nothing Bundt Cakes is a different story.  As soon as I finished up my cake, I kid you not, all i could think about was that red velvet bundt... so moist, with the chocolate chip pieces, and the sweet cream cheese frosting.  I had to compare!  Sprinkles is good, don't get me wrong, but their red velvet is really sweet and then its topped with a big whop of extra sweet frosting.  I almost always scraped the frosting off because it was overkill.  Plus, it doesn't have chocolate chip pieces, come on!!!!I'll pass on the pecan praline.  This one didn't do much for me and didn't have that zest the other favors had.  I can't even say what I didn't like about it because after a couple bites I put it to the side; it didn't leave a memorable impression on me.  I still have to try their other favors but the red velvet alone deserves five stars.Anyway, It's a cute little shop with friendly employees.  For a few bucks more they wrap your bundt up with a flower and a personalized note; It makes for a thoughtful gift.
4	Red Velvet bundt cake = YUM! My fiance & I have been to Vegas multiple times; but during our last trip we decided to adventure off the Las Vegas strip as far as trying new cuisines and restaurants.  We ate at a famous fried chicken shop & I was feeling a sweet tooth after.  Of course, I turned to Yelp to find me the closest dessert shop within the vicinity. Sure enough, Nothing Bundt Cakes popped up! We expected this to be a mom&pop shop that served bite size bundt cakes. But when we arrived, boy were we wrong! This extravagant cake shop had bundt cake of all sizes! Birthday bundt cakes, wedding party favor bundt cakes -- name the occasion and they'll have it! So we decided to share a small red velvet bundt cake that is maybe two times the size of a cupcake. The smooth texture and moistness of the cake combined with sweet cream cheese = HEAVEN! Boy were we impressed with our first experience here! We thought this was deeeeeelicious & so did everyone else on Yelp that recommended it! Definitely have not tried a better tasting red velvet elsewhere.We look forward to coming back here!
4	I wanted to order a dessert for my work holiday party that wasn't going to break the bank but also something that everyone loves.So I came in here a week before the party and talked to the sales associate about pricing, etc.3 dozen Bundtini's came to $49.50.  The Bundtini's were the PERFECT size- bite size and most people ate two of them.  For a party of 32, I had about 10 left over!  (I also had cookies at the party, in case people didn't want cake)I ordered:1 box of assorted flavors plus two pumpkin.1 box of half chocolate chip and half red velvet1 box of marbleWhen I opened the boxes, the assorted didn't look assorted, but there were a few flavors in there.Everyone was happy!  Red velvet seemed to be a favorite.  I really loved the pumpkin and chocolate chip.  All the flavors are moist and yummy!I was able to pay with a CORPORATE check (they do not accept personal check).Everyone that works in this location is super nice.Oh- If you ever have a craving, you can buy a Bundlet sight on scene! :)
4	Great place!  I placed my order over the phone for my wife's surprise birthday party and the cake was definitely a hit!  Chocolate and Red Velvet Triple Tier Bundt cake.  It was AMAZING! The employees were helpful and for the price, I feel it was a great buy.  They even put up with my delivery requests and then redirect to pick up instead at the last minute.The only thing that got me was the card on the cake said "Happy Birthday Farrah!"  But my wife's name is "Sarah!" Honest mistake, though I did spell it out for them at least twice.  It made for a fun joke that my wife will never live down thouh!
5	I'm not too much of a sweet tooth, but when I am, I crave Nothing Bundt Cakes. If you love Red Velvet Cake then this is your spot. Of course they come in the shape of a bundt cake, but their cakes are so moist, filled with yummy and chocolate chips. Every year I get treated to one of these bad boys on my birthday. I keep telling myself to try some other flavors but I just can't stop shoveling this cake into my face. I've had Red Velvet from a lot of bakeries and none come close to these taste I savor here. GO GET ONE NOW!!
5	Nothing Bundt Cake should be its own food group!! Remember those food charts when you were a kid? There was the dairy section with the pictures of milk, eggs and cheese. The poultry section has pictures of chickens and fish. The vegetable section would have some carrots, tomatoes and lettuce. Well I'm recommending a new food group called incredible and there will be a picture of a Nothing Bundt Cake in that section.   I've been a customer at the West Sahara location of NBC for years and have never been disappointed. I fancy myself a pretty good cake maker, but these folks are definitely next level. The cakes are always very moist and flavorful with an ample amount of decadent cream cheese frosting. There are several types of cake on the regular menu such as chocolate chocolate chip, white chocolate raspberry, cinnamon swirl and marble along with monthly specials like carrot, and pecan praline. Cakes come in 8" and 10" along with a couple smaller individual sizes. They also do multi-layer cakes and decorated cakes for special occasions.   In short, Nothing Bundt Cakes are a HUGE slice of heaven!!!
5	Oh Lord help my thighs! I can't get enough of this place. My husband and the guys at his fire station get these all the time and he is replicating the recipe in our kitchen! Yay for me!!!! Keep experimenting honey ;-) And double up on the cream cheese frosting.Seriously, both Papa D and I both love to bake and I am very persnickity when it comes to treats that aren't homemade as they're usually dry. Nothing Bundt Cakes are always moist and fresh.My favorite is the chocolate chocolate chip which just melts in my mouth. I could seriously eat double the amount of cream cheese frosting! Like I said....my poor thighs!
5	I'm not big on desserts or cake in general since I prefer savory over sweet, but all I can say is the Nothing Bundt Cakes MUST BE EATEN!  The two times I have had the red velvet bundt cake, the cake itself was extremely moist and the cream cheese frosting was not sickeningly sweet like some frosting can be but adds just enough sugar to make this nearly cake perfection!
5	Oh how I love this place. Of course I have to limit my visits otherwise I will weigh 100 pounds but man that chocolate chocolate chip is like tasting heaven.
5	Just picked up a cake for my boyfriend's birthday. Still awesome as I remember it.I ordered an 8" chocolate chocolate chip, decorated with the "Real Men don't eat square cakes" theme. I thought that was hilarious. It was ready at the time I requested it. Bonus: fresh samples of their white chocolate raspberry came out when I went to pick it up. Completely melted in your mouth, yummy!I've tried their chocolate chocolate chip, carrot, and red velvet. I'm not a big on cake frosting, but I LOVE theirs. Waiting for the next special occasion so I can return for more bundt...
5	Best cakes ever!Their cakes are always moist and flavorful with oh-so-yummy frosting.  I am one of those people who usually scrapes the frosting off cakes--yes I know its weird--but the frosting at Nothing Bundt Cakes is awesome!The "baby bundts" are just the right size--but I could probably eat a full sized one because they are so good!My favorite flavor is definitely the white chocolate raspberry.
5	This is one of my favorite desserts in Las Vegas!  When I first tried it, I was expecting something dry, as most bundt cakes are...but this cake is so incredibly moist and light with just the right amount of cream cheese frosting on top.   The bundlets are the perfect size for sampling all their delicious flavors.  My favorites so far are the white white chocolate, white chocolate raspberry, and pumpkin spice. If you order the bigger cakes, it is perfect for a special occasion (birthday, baby shower) and they can decorate it with flowers and a message to make it prettier.Definitely give this place a try, you won't regret it!!
5	I ordered the Red Velvet Bundt Cake...simply amazing!!  It was so moist and delicious.  I'm very particular about my Red Velvet and they certainly passed the test.  It made a friend's surprise B-day extra special!
5	Nothing Bundt Cakes are so moist and tender, they melt in your mouth! Try all the different flavors by ordering a dozen of the little cupcake sized ones. Those can only be ordered by the dozen. The medium and large sized cakes are also very delicious.
5	My friends surprised me yesterday with a wonderful chocolate bundt cake for my birthday. It was delicious, moist with chunks of chocolate.  The frosting was marvelous. I will be going to this bakery for special occasions. I was impressed with this wonderful cake. You won't be disappointed.
4	I'm gonna keep this one simple. They're mini bundt cakes. I tried the Lemon one. Very moist. It's cake. As long as it isn't dry then it's good.
5	My FAVORITE cake.  The frosting is perfection to die for.  I like the Cinnamon one and the chocolate chocolate chip but I haven't had one I didn't like yet!  And p.s thank you thank you thank you for coming up with bundtinis and bundtlettes so I don't end up weighing 600lbs.  Nothing Bundt Cake is the absolute best!
5	I think I 1st saw this place reviewed on TV somewhere. So, it was on my "try someday" list. And, then I forgot all about it.Fast forward a few years...I had a Groupon for the salon next door, and "discovered" Nothing Bundt Cakes for myself (but, didn't try them that day).This past May I had family out visiting for some birthdays (my husband's & my grandmother's). So, since everyone is on diets, we didn't didn't want to buy a big cake. I, again, remembered Nothing Bundt Cakes!!I thought the shop was really cute. It was well lit, and they had different "gifty" sorts of things around like hand painted cake plates and things. They, also, had samples!! The staff was friendly and helpful.We ended up getting the chocolate, the lemon, and the marble. When we got them home we didn't end up eating them that day, so we froze them.A week later we defrosted them to eat. They tasted just as fresh as if they had been made that day. They were still moist and the frosting was still creamy. DELICIOUS!!The only minor issue we had is that my husband does not like cream cheese...including cream cheese frosting, and that is the ONLY frosting they use no matter what flavor you get. I like cream cheese frosting, and it was very good, but it didn't have a strong cream cheese taste to it, which is probably why my husband was able to get through it. LOL I would definately go to Nothing Bundt Cakes again, but they are a little out of the way from where I live.If you haven't tried them I do recommend them!!
5	Ordered a cake here very last minute (15 minutes to close) and the girls were so friendly & accommodating. I wish they would open more locations! Not to mention the cake was DELISH! 5 stars
5	WOW, WOW, and WOW again.  Nothing Bundt Cakes is amazing!!! I called in an order for a dozen of the Bundtinis- little mini cakes- for a friend.  When you call in the order, you are able to choose which flavors you'd like.  I pre-paid over the telephone and scheduled a pickup time.  They were very friendly over the phone and verified my order along with all of my information.  Turns out, I was able to pick up my order earlier than expected, so I called to make sure that was okay, which it was.When I arrived at the store, the staff was SO nice! They greeted me, got my name, and encouraged me to try a sample.  It was something chocolatey that melted in my mouth, and the icing was rich, sweet cream cheese goodness.  I'm not even a chocolate fan, but that made me a believer!When my order arrived, they verified it with me again.  They encouraged me to take another sample to go- so this time I tried the white chocolate popcorn, which was also really tasty.My Bundtinis were wonderful.  They went through a lot- car transport, temperature changes, being refrigerated, taken out, refrigerated again, but they managed to stay moist and delicious. The icing is my favorite part, and I'm not usually a fan of frosting on cakes. The cakes themselves were excellent, with the carrot being my favorite in this batch.Nothing Bundt Cakes has a fan in me!
5	Not a single complaint -- excellent service and the best cake ever!! I called asking about a million questions and recommendation on how best to do cakes for a couple family birthdays and they were very PATIENT, helpful and sweet over the phone.  They suggested the perfect cakes, took my payment over the phone and had it ready half an hour early!! We ordered a red velvet and marble cake, decorated with birthday themes and not only were they just too stinkin' adorable, but they were surely delicious!  Their signature does not allow wording ON the cake, but they take care of that with little signs, just so you know.   Red velvet - my absolute fave!!  Have had it three times now.  Marble was a recommendation and I have to say, everyone loved it! The cinnamon flavor is very good as well!  Their cakes are so very moist, the frosting is hard to skip (even for me who doesn't like frosting!) and it's worth every penny!!
5	Super Moist Cakes..... yessss the marble and lemon cake left me in pure heaven!!This cake was perfect to take back to a friend who was babysitting my dog while out of town!!!!!!! & of course to take back a slice of heaven to my boyfriend....ok ok so if your not grabbing the lil minis on the go ! please phone in your order ahead of time.... Since my order was a few I had a 15 min wait...so do be prepare to wait!!!!! especially if you walk in on a busy day. Pleny of parking..,....Very clean facility Yes that is a plus for meSuper cool stafffand also its cool for events you can also custom your cake and add on ballons and flowers....which comes out very nicely as well...but i cant stress how amazing the taste is !!!!!
5	By far one of the best cakes I've ever had! The variety pack Bundtinis are always a crowd pleaser.
5	Just wanted to add my two cents worth to the already rave reviews. This past Friday (before LDW2012) was my birthday and i was surprised with the Princess birthday cake from my family. We got the red velvet with traditional means of icing (although I think I'm going for the drizzle next time). It was amazing - even 4 days after I got back from the strip celebrating the weekend. It was the much needed thing for my recovery :-)This cake is amazing at room temperature. very moist and the icing is just so yummy.We would like to try some of the other flavors though (bundlets anyone?). Be sure to check out their website for the month's special flavor.
5	We got a ton of bundtinis in addition to a small cake for our wedding. They were perfect. The guests loved them (one ate 5, at last count) and they really fit what we were looking for. Plus, we had them delivered and Jim was very patient with us and our wedding site when there was no one there to receive him/them. Plus, the delivery charge was more than reasonable. Great business, great employees, easy decision.
4	A couple times per year I pick up a bundt cake for one of the co-worker's happy birthday parties.  These cakes are a favorite of the groups.  I think we've tried a majority of the flavors and all have been well recieved.  The most recent bundt I picked up was the 10 inch lemon flavor.  Even the people in the office who never have any of the birthday cake grab a piece of the bundt consume in record time.  Personally, I haven't eaten one of their cakes in 5 or 6 years but I recall that it was pretty fabulous.  I did inquire about the availability of a vegan product and was told that it is not available yet but they are experimenting with the ingredients.
5	I love this place. I love their bundt cakes. Period.
1	Great tasting cakes- awful customer service. I have purchased cakes here a number of times. The past three times I have come home with the wrong flavor cake. Shame on me for not checking after the first mistake. However when I did contact them via their "contact us" link on their website, I never heard back. With all of the choices in town, $pend your hard earned $$$ where you get what you order, and where they value customer's. This is not that place.
5	Gave it a go!Red Velvet with a bunch of snazzy decorations.  I loved the cake dec's and it definitely had that "counter appeal" lol.But how was the taste?Cake was great!  I would say one of the best red velvet cakes I have had before, but the winner is the cream cheese frosting.  The frosting must be whipped or something, since it is very creamy and fluffy.  Super sweet, and super good....very indulgent.  Too bad I feel like a tank after eating only a small slice lol.I'd definitely come back here again....just wish they weren't so expensive. ($40 for a small circle cake)
4	It seems like the office tradition at my employer is to bring Bundtinis in, when it's someone's birthday.Last week, my coworker celebrated her big day, and I brought in a dozen Bundtinis from this location. Awesome spot.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by all 5 girls working there. All are super adorable and sweet, and asked me what I needed help with. Clearly, I looked lost when I stared at the menu for several minutes.After some suggestions on which Bundtinis I should get, I made my decision, and was on my way within 5 minutes. The little Bundtinis had nice, adorable little birthday decoations, and were SO delicious.If I ever needed a cake for a party, or another office birthday, I will pop into Nothing Bundt Cakes.Boom!
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday bundt cake from here. It looked so cute dressed up in princess decor and a few people at my work didn't even think it was a real cake because it looked like something out of a cartoon!  It was Red Velvet with cream cheese frosting. Definitely one of the best red velvet cakes I've ever had. It was soo moist and even had small chunks of chocolate within. The cream cheese frosting was delectable and paired perfectly with the cake. I will say that it was pretty sweet. Not too sweet to eat, but definitely not something you want to binge on. That's why there are cheat days though!
4	Their secret recipe must include a pinch of crack, because these cakes are addicting!  I want more!  I came here to order a cake for delivery to my husband's office for his birthday.  I was greeted with smiles and the girl helped me through all the details of choosing my cake, giving me much appreciated suggestions along the way (flavor, decorations, size, etc.)  I told her I'd never had one before and she suggested I try a sample.  They had marble with their signature frosting and it was delicious!  So moist and the cream cheese frosting was heavenly!  I decided to take home two bundtlets (marble & red velvet - 3.99 a piece) to enjoy for dessert!  The service and product are absolutely incredible and the shop's decor is so pretty.  But I subtracted a star for price.  The cakes are costly but they are so good they might just be worth the pretty penny they sell for.  It cost me an arm and a leg to have the cake delivered five miles (15 bucks).  I could have shipped a Junior's cheesecake from NY for less than that, lol.  But just knowing how much it'll make my hubby smile when he receives it was worth it (and I know his coworkers will get to enjoy it too!).  If your mouth is watering just reading about this cake now then... good, it should be!  And if you're all, "I want to try it but what am I going to do with a whole cake?" then fear not!  They have bundtinis (bite sized bundts) and bundtlets (single serve bundts).  Also, don't be afraid to take some home for later in the week - the girl told me they stay moist and fresh for 5 days.  Happy Bundting!
4	It's a given--everyone knows when they see the logo that your cake is gonna be amazing if it's from Nothing Bundt.  Their cakes are so moist and perfect, it's unreal. They're the most reliable choice for cakes around.It'd be cool if they had some other stuff, too... But I appreciate that they stick with what they're perfect at, too.
4	this place is pretty damn good!!....the raspberry white chocolate is my favorite, its amazing and so is the lemon. chocolate chocolate chip however barely had any chocolate chips.
5	So it was my girl's Bday and I knew she would love a Nothing Bundt Cake...it is her favorite cake and there is a very good reason! This place has the most moist cake I have had in town, and their flavors are all awesome. Not only do they take your order over the phone and have it ready for pick up when you need it, but they also arrange it and decorate it for the occasion, free of charge! A friendly staff, a velvety moist cake, and awesome detail-oriented service makes this my favorite place for bday cakes.PS. Unsure what flavor to get? Try the white chocolate raspberry. It is out of this world.
4	I have been fortunate enough to try their chocolate bundt cakes, as well as the red velvet and several other flavors. I hardly think they are the first bakery to make bundt cakes in small, cupcake form but they do it well and deserve recognition for this. I have never been disappointed by their products or in any way thought the products were aged or unremarkable. Very moist, not overly sweet but boy is that frosting rich and absurdly high in calories (I assume.) You'll definitely taste the difference in their products when compared to the stuff you can find at your local supermarket. 4 solid stars for a solid bakery.
4	One day after lunch I had my Fiance stop here so that I could run in and get him a red velvet individual sized bundt cake for dessert. His favorite is red velvet anything so I knew he must finally try one of these treats!Of course he loved the moist cake and flavorful generous frosting!I have had Nothing Bundt Cakes before when a vendor brought them in for one of my Company meetings and I was impressed and hooked after that!We will be back for more red velvet I am sure!
5	I guess NBC holds a special place in my heart. When my husband and I first met we were craving something sweet and found ourselves here for one of our first dates. We loved it so much we ordered our wedding cake here. My favorite flavors include red velvet with the chocolate chips and the cinnamon swirl. If you don't want a whole cake they have the little buntini's which are their version of cupcakes.....BUT better!!! We always order them for our office birthdays!
5	I don't know how anyone could NOT like this place. We always go here whenever someone has a birthday, half birthday, or Wednesdays (just kidding, i wish).We've tried their lemon, red velvet, and carrot cake. We're definitely ready to venture out onto their other flavors though. Not because we're tired of the other flavors, but if they're anything like the three I listed, then we're in for a world of trouble and weight-gain. Lord help us. The cream cheese frosting is dense and not too sweet (which is what I love most about it, because some cream cheese frostings can get TOO sweet) This frosting really compliments and balances out the sweetness of the cake itself. The cake is ALWAYS moist and I LOVE that you can choose to "decorate" the little packaging with flowers, ribbon, and a personalized notecard that they print out at the store. Now that I've mentioned half-birthdays, I just remembered there's one coming up this weekend. Heck yessssssssssssssssss.
4	This place is like a dessert oasis when driving down the blocks of car dealerships of Sahara. Although a chain, this particular location is able to create a very personal experience for customers. The inside of the shop is very cute and well-maintained. There were a lot of workers ready to green and assist all customers. We got to sample the lemon bundt cake which they had for everyone on the side - I hate lemon-flavored cake, but this one was really good and paired well with the frosting. We ended up getting White White Chocolate and Marble based on the worker's recommendation - both were mouthwatering and declicious!  I'll definitely be back here on my cheat days!
4	Bundtinis, Bundtinis, Bundtinis. A dozen to go, and heck yes this impatient guy will gladly wait for you to make more and smile the whole time it takes to do it. There are some products in this world that are not cheap. Yeah you could go up and down Sahara and buy $3 cupcakes somewhere. But if you did you would miss out on something special. But not so fast, Nothing Bundt Cakes is a franchise. And franchises and chains typically suck. Well the Nothing Bundt Cakes Las Vegas franchisee has brought their A game and they put out some of the best cakes I've ever ate...and sorry Grandma, but they put your bundt cakes to shame. A red velvet bundtini with cream cheese frosting, slightly chilled on a hot day is something you just have to experience to understand. 4 Stars. Even a day later these cakes were made so well that they were still soft and flavorful. This place is an obsession of ours, and I don't see that changing anytime soon. And if anyone knows where they source their popcorn from...OMG that stuff is insanely good. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #29)
5	I do believe that every single medical rep in town goes to Nothing Bundt Cakes to bring treats to case management at the hospitals... THANK YOU GUYS!! I love-love-love the red velvet cakes from here! Totally worth the price and the calories!
5	EXCELLENT customer service. DELICIOUS cakes. I use them all the time for various occasions, however, the cakes are a bit pricey, but still well worth it.
4	Great service! We picked up a red velvet bundt cake, and it was excellent. I do not normally like red velvet, but this one was great. The greeting and attentiveness from the staff was also fantastic on this visit!
5	Yummm I mainly get the red velvet bundtinis here. I've tried most of the flavors and love the red velvet the most. I usually buy it for myself and family and friends and I will try to find any occasional to do so. Now this is one bundt cake that makes me shamelessly lick the frosting off the plate.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 24/100When I first tried their bundtini's at my friend's birthday bash... I fell in love at first bite!  Bundtini's are little 'bunt baby' cupcakes- that seriously pack a punch of deliciousness.  Since then, I have frequented here for treats for clients, friends, family, and office parties. All their cakes have been ultra fluffy and moist! Oh, did I mention that their icing is to die for?!?!  I mean, their icing literally melts in your mouth!  I will definitely be returning ......* They make fantastic gifts, and are handy when you need to bring treats into work-which I've done twice already- and they were a HIT* They have excellent customer service* I have never had a problem with the taste of their cakes, and I have had these frequently at other events* Very reasonable pricing * My favorite flavors:  red velvet with chocolate chips and white chocolate raspberry* They offer (2) options for their cream cheese frosting: classic drizzle or a heavier drizzle for extra icing * Their cakes are pure heaven
5	Good bunt cakes, friendly staff, fairly quick on preparations
4	The cakes themselves are AMAZINGLY good. I always order Holiday and Birthday cakes and have them delivered. Over a year ago the deliver charge has quadrupled and you're no longer given a time range. (Worst then Cable) You're told anytime between opening and closing. So you have to make sure someone is at the address all day.If they arrive at the location and no one is home they call and leave a message for someone to pick up the cake at there location. They offer to redeliver only if you accept another $9.00 delivery charge. I'm not sure how they can think charging $9.00 for being within 2 miles of there store and then when they can't complete the delivery , they 'have to' charge another $9.00.As much as I enjoy the product, I would prefer they charge by distance.
5	I love getting these cakes for birthdays.  I also grab some bundtinis for the office every now and then.My favorites are the carrot cake and red velvet, but I do not discriminate...I will eat any flavor.The cream cheese frosting also is very tasty.
5	Talk about a find! I received a box as a housewarming present from a friend and LMTY, for the time being, if ever I want a cupcake, screw it, I'm coming here! So it's like $16 for a dozen.. meh! Good food is always worth it right?? White chocolate raspberry. Do it!
5	white chocolate raspberry - ftw!!!!!!!!
5	These bundt cakes are amazing! Definite must try.
5	Awesome flavor! Friendly staff thanks for making my daughters bday at school special
5	Great friendly employees who really seem to like what they do! Plus the cakes are insanely awesome! Love all the flavors but especially marble and red velvet! If you haven't tried, it's a must!
5	Just about the closest orgasmic thing I've ever had. And I mean all of it. I got a variety for my son's birthday. And we couldn't stop eating. The red velvet has to be the most flavorful I've ever had. It's the perfect texture. Yes, very glad to have quality around when you want for a special occasion. I can't come close to making anything this good. Not to be missed for any tourist too. I know it's up away from the strip...But, you will thank me. Promise.
5	So I started coming here when I was pregnant earlier this year.  They had a FB special, buy two, get one free.  Who could beat that?  Once I tried them I was hooked.  They have specials just about every other month and when you sign up to be on their email list your get a free bundlet for your birthday.  The lemon, carrot cake, and current monthly special, white chocolate blueberry are my absolute faves.  I never knew bundt cakes could taste so good!
5	I went to this location and the one in Henderson, all I have to say is soft, moist and the frosting is totally on point. Softest cupcake/cake I've ever tasted. This place will have you craving for more, I'm kinda OK with not having one close to me, cause that would be my drug of choice. who ever reads a negative review about the flavor and taste at a Nothing Bundt Cake, something is wrong with person's taste buds and brain function... Oh and the price is good to, just wait till you see how big the individual packaged product is.
5	Had the white chocolate raspberry for my baby shower this past weekend- it was my first time having NBC and it was delicious !!! So cute how they decorate it as well. Simple and classy. The cake was moist and the icing was good too. very pleased!!! Yummy will have to order for the holidays!!
5	This was my 1st experience with Nothing Bundt Cakes and it was fantastic! I sent a cake to a friend in another state (I'm in Ca, she is in Nevada)  I'm always nervous without being able to see the item and order in person because often times the "pictures" are not as good as the actual item delivered... However, in this case it was BETTER than the picture! (she sent a cell phone photo)  It was decorated SO cute, the arrangement was put together beautifully and it was delivered still looking adorable, with everything in place!  The staff was very friendly and helpful, the deliver was quick and the recipient said the cake was absolutely delicious!
4	Currently obsessed with buying bundletts for every occasion! Birthdays, events, catching up with old friends, you name it! Since they're already made its a pretty easy stop and ordering takes seconds! Definitely recommend you stopping by and checking them out
5	Did this a few years ago, the cake was great and still is! Family in town visiting wanted to wish a special birthday and she loves chocolate.I used the web site and placed my order on line. It was easy and very simple, picking the occassion, the size, type of cake, and standard frosting or 'extra' finally the decorations and salutations.They sent a confirmation email letting me know they got the order and again 24 hours prior to pick up time. When I arrived on day of pick up, it was ready and extactly what I wanted, we got chocolate chocolate chips! She lived it! Moist, rich, just enough chips! Service was great, easy to order and very tasty, who could ask for more.
1	i have been to this place 5 times......EVERY time i feel like i get treated differently than everyone else. Most of their clients are as we call them "gringos" I immediatly notice the differnent attention I get for being a latina...............but it still does not stop me from buying their amazing cakes. ive tried all of them best is the whitechocolate raspberry, worst is lkemon tastes like made out of a box.
1	Great product, horrendous service ...especially on holidays. I pre-ordered, pre-paid for my cakes. I was instructed to pick then up anytime before closing. Closing was scheduled @4:00. I arrived @ 2:30 to discover a "Disneyland style line" of about 50 customers just for pick up. Then they had two lines for walk ins that could literally wait a few minutes, pick up their cakes and go. Poor handling, unacceptable communication by the staff especially when they yelled at all the customers. It was so bad I just forfeited my pre-paid order and walked out. NEVER AGAIN will I support that company.
5	We have been to both Nothing Bundt Cakes and they were both fantastic.  We walk in and immediately were drawn to the display.  We looked for awhile then realized that there were free samples to be sampled.  After figuring out what we wanted we ordered a few small cakes.  The cakes were all very moist and fluffy.  I can and have been in trouble with my diet because I can eat these cakes all day long.  So, I say this with no hesitation.  We'll be back ... many, many times.
3	The cake was tasty, but the card was incorrect. My mother sent a cake to my fiance for her 29th birthday, but the card was addressed to a person for their 40th birthday from Larry and Karen. After calling, no one really seemed to care. I hope the 40 year old looks as good as my fiance and enjoyed the cake from my mom and dad.
5	Wow! Hands down the BEST RED VELVET CAKE EVER!! I really mean it, I'm shocked! This place is amazing!!
4	My first time to hear of a bundt cake and I was not disappointed. I walked in and the first thing that catches your eye is, well, the whole place actually. A huge spectrum of colorful bundt cakes. The cashiers welcomed me and my auntie and I learned more about this style cake (I will be posting an image of the cake we got my cousin). After seeing how clean the place had been kept and the employees being more than just professional, but mindful as well, these bundt cakes were rather inexpensive and more reasonably priced which just added onto the appeal and I have to say that I have never tasted a better bundt cake. You know that the cake is freshly made with true TLC and the cooks pride themselves in how well they put each cake together because of the incredible attention to detail. These guys sure know how to keep a tight business and a make a stupendous cake. My shout out from SD, keep it fresh guys.
5	The most amazing little red velvet bundlettes with small chocolate chips .. so heavenly and moist with cream cheese frosting..the perfect amount of sweet ... and they come in wonderful small containers so you can easily pack it into your carry on to take home and enjoy for at least five days if put in fridge ... oh how I miss thee .. please open chains of this store so we can share with everyone!This is perfect for all occasions and you don't even need to get the decorated ones if you don't like .. decorate yourself to whichever event you're bringing it to .. I won't lie I have bought myself a red velvet bundt cake to enjoy by myself :) it's that good ... and I don't even like sweets!  ily rvb
5	I love a place that not only taste good but the business makes you feel good. Very warm inviting place welcomed you as soon as you walk in the door. I had never been before so the girl who greeted us walked us over for a sample, then explained how we could order. Simple, easy, fast and the best part is they gave me a military discount. The cake was moist and just right amount of sweet! Will be back.
5	WOOOOOOOOOO WOOOOOOOO I can't help but do my best Ric Flair impression every time their cakes hit my tongue they are so good. If I had to ride a turtle to get a bundt cake from here if it was my only ride I would. They must use unicorn tears to make the cakes. WOOOOOOOOOOO
5	One of my co-workers brought a Nothing Bundt Cake in to celebrate a birthday. It was the white chocolate, raspberry swirl flavor. I had never eaten a cake from here but am sold! It was moist and delicious. I am a sucker for cream cheese frosting as it is but the frosting here was some of my favorite. It was delightfully creamy. The cake took a few days to complete in the office and stayed just as moist as the first day. I will definitely consider making this my go to celebration cake spot!
5	I tried one if these bundt cakes at work today and feel in lovvvveee! So after today decided to stop by the Sahara location and pick up a couple of the small bundt's for my family. Got home, made dinner and then open up the bundt for dessert and once again amazing! Customer service was a little slow but well worth the wait. Recommend trying one of these babies, just too good to pass up.
4	You can't go wrong with Nothing Bundt.  Customer service here at the Sahara location is outstanding.  I wish I could remember the manager's name who helped me.  I wanted to do a gender reveal cake for my husband and myself.  Admittedly, I own my own bakery, so I didn't want to go to a bakery where I'd never tasted the product (I had tasted Nothing Bundt in the past and liked it).  I saw that they do "It's a Boy" or "It's a Girl" cakes.  I wrote an e-mail to them, asking if I could drop off the card stating the gender of my baby (which I hadn't yet read) and if they could box up either a boy cake or girl cake in such a way that I couldn't see it, so my husband and I could open it together.  They said they'd never done it, but certainly could.As promised, everything went according to plan.  The cake itself had nice texture.  The frosting is a little on the sweet side (but this is to be expected with any mainstream American bakery, especially a franchise/chain).  And as mentioned, I knew what I was getting as I had tried their product before.Thanks for making learning the gender of our baby so special and fun!
2	First I have to say that I really like the cakes. My favorite flavors are chocolate chocolate chip and blueberry (which they have discontinued) not sure why.. it was one of the best ones! But this review is based on my most recent experience to the Sahara location.  I went to purchase mini bundts for my family who was visiting from out of town.  I got there at 5:45pm on a Saturday.  They close at 6pm.  I ordered my cakes and the cashier starts bagging them up, so I start to wander around the store just looking at the merchandise while I'm waiting.  An employee comes out from the back room looks at me and says in an annoyed tone, "What is she waiting for?" The cashier hands me my bag and thanks me for coming in but the annoyed employee says, "we're closed".  I just felt that the customer service needs some improvement.  I was clearly there before they closed and I ordered items that just simply needed to be bagged up.  It should have been an easy-peasy transaction but I left there feeling like a burden instead of an appreciated customer.  =(
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 21/100...and I have nothing bundt good things to say about this adorable little cake shop! A couple of days ago, news came about my grandma's death in the Philippines and I was crushed enough to leave the house to get some fresh air. Around the same complex where Belle Terre Bakery is located is Nothing Bundt Cakes, which is located towards Cimarron & Sahara.I was leaving the bakery to go home when I came across the all too familiar sign. Over the past year, I've heard wonderful things about this place from my galpals and must've had it pushed back of my mind since all these other new places opened up. In a bout of serendipity, I swerved off my route and made my way inside their shabby chic-ish little world. If you've read the shopaholic series novels, you will feel as if you're in Becky Bloomwood's shoes. Everything was so pleasing to the eyes, luxury cupcake decors, the cute sample holder, birthday bundts design book, the aroma of baking bundts. Motion pictures really need to feature this place if ever Shopaholic takes Vegas! one day. Knowing how much my mom loves red velvet, I got her a little Bundtlet. It's quite a handful considering how much you pay for it ($3.99). Plus every serving gets stored in this cute plastic container pasted with the shop's sticker on top then packaged inside a paper bag. Environmental awareness was an added bonus. The ladies recommended me to try their peanut butter sample which was swirled with this delicious cream-cheese icing and if I weren't the only customer at the store, I might've snatched a few more because they were goooood.Why I never bothered to come here before, I don't know why, but as sad as my mother was, she was very delighted with the treat. Papa was also at home that day. When he saw the cake, he gave a little wince. He's never too big on sweets but Mommy insisted on having him try some. When he did, he told us to pause while he made some tea. Came back and told Mommy to leave whatever she could for him (I swear, it would've been gone in a jiffy if he didn't tell us to pause) and he spent the rest of his lunchtime enjoying it. I'll base the ranks of Nothing Bundt Cakes according to Papa...for someone like him to give a cake a compliment, it must be something!
5	If I get a sweet tooth I'm going here. No doubt about that.  Chocolate & red velvet Bundt cake are my favorite. Recently I got a small cake from my girlfriend since then I've been hooked. Anyone who like cake, this is a must try place. You won't be disappointed at all. It is pricey but it's definitely worth.
5	Absolutely loved the red velvet but gotta say the new strawberries and cream has won me over.
4	This is my go to place for employee birthday cakes. I always order the same day just a few hours in advance and I pick it up on the way to work. Everything is so good! I havent tried all the flavors but the ones that I have did not disappoint me. White Chocolate Raspberry is the best of course. Chocolate chocolate chip is great too. I've tried the Marble also. The limited edition Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup was my absolute favorite! Why cant this be a permanent!?SERVICE: Sahara Location.Not so good! All the employees are teenagers. They are not that friendly and I've heard a few times they are especially rude when it's almost closing time. I dont have names but I can point out who gave me good service and who didnt. Although the service isnt good most of the time, I will always come back here because the cakes are delicious.
5	I've been coming here for a couple years now for cakes. My favorite is the red velvet cake with chocolate chips & cream cheese frosting. I picked up a white chocolate raspberry one this time, and it was delish. Their cakes are always nice, flavorful & moist. Love their frosting!
3	I would recommend this place for individual cakes, not for hosting a party - the main reason is the price.  I bought the largest bundt cake for a small amount of people, and it couldn't feed half of them ... But I guess it works, considering what area they're at. The cake was drier than I expected and it is a little to sugary, even with the light drizzle. On the lighter side, customer service was amazing! They are really nice and happy to create your cake to your liking!
4	Items Selected:Chocolate Chocolate ChipStrawberries and CreamMarbleCarrotPecan PralineRed VelvetBorn in Las Vegas and since spread across the United States it was not until a co-worker's birthday went unnoticed by the administration that I finally satisfied my curiosity regarding Nothing Bundt Cakes, a quick drive to the West Sahara flagship procuring an 8" Chocolate Chocolate Chip for the celebration and four $4 'individuals' for my own personal taste testing.  Originally opened by longtime friends Dena and Debra just as I was finishing high-school and now following a calculated plan of expansion through franchising it was just shy of 5 o'clock on Friday that I entered the expansive storefront and with clever gifts plus endless options for customization abound I attempted to take my time to browse, a small clerk slightly irksome in her repeated interruptions, though well intended I'm sure.  Cute and quaint without seeming 'cutesy' or twee - a down-home feel befitting the ten flavors of rounded cakes - it was perhaps five minutes and a half-dozen customers that separated my entry from my order and rebuffed in my inquiry of what was best by "everything is good" lipservice I went with my gut - a light bite of seasonal strawberry cake harkening angel-food in consistency accompanying me out the door and each flavor to follow showing strongly beneath buttered cream cheese frosting rivaling the best I've experienced.  Artisan in many regards but readily admitting the use of artificial flavors without tossing about superlatives of 'organic' or 'cage-free' it was with the coffee-cake harkening "Marble" that my tasting began and with rich cinnamon swirls proving an amicable bridge to spicy, dense Carrot Cake I could not help but smile even as Red Velvet proved slightly dry - a mistake not replicated by the complex flavors of smoky candied pecans atop a pudding-come-cake that could very well replace a King Cake in next Mardi Gras.
4	I have been to a few of their locations and loved each one!The service is always exceptional, very nice and will fill any last minute order you need.The cake is ALWAYS super fresh, moist, perfect.I have tried most flavors by now, they are ALL good, I am partial to anything frosted in cream cheese.Prices are fair, a great change from cupcakes, perfect for a party!
5	HANDS DOWN to the best bundt cakes ever! Especially Red Velvet! That is my all time favorite flavor. Any chance I get to go to vegas or someone who is willing to buy me something from nothing bundt cake I always take on that offer.Their cakes are so moist and not too overly sweet. I'm glad they sell minis because it gives you an opportunity to try different flavors without having to feel bad wasting a big cake. However, all flavors are delicious. I also tried their pecan praline and white chocolate raspberry- which I also recommend. They also have good customer service. When you walk into the door they greet you and are always available to help. When I usually go, I get in and out in a matter of 10 mins or less.
5	The best cake you can find anywhere!! Nothing beats the signature cream cheese frosting Nothing Bundt Cake is famous for. Chocolate Chocolate Chip is by far the best!! Highly recommend this place for any occasion.
5	Always hits the spot when your sweet tooth is going Crazy! My favorite the Chocolate Chocolate Chip!!
5	There is nothing bad I can say about this place I absolutely love it !!!! It's little pricey but well worth it :)
5	What is there to say about Nothing Bundt Cakes that hasn't been said a million times before. These are some of the best tasting cakes I've had and they come at a fairly decent price considering the quality of ingredients, packaging, etc. This was my first time actually going into the shop although I've had the cakes several times. I was surprised to see it so busy 30 minutes before closing. Even saw Scotty Nguyen (professional poker star) carrying out 3 cakes as he left. Staff was friendly and they had a small but decent selection of cakes in the display.Red Velvet, Marble and Chocolate Chocolate Chip all left with me and I honestly can't decide which is my favorite. They are all so delicious. While it may not be in budget for your "everyday" cake, it is most certainly worth it for any special occasion. Now that I live only few minutes away, I'm sure I'll be back more often.
5	Its right by my house so that makes it super easy to get Nothing Bundt Cakes all day everyday. :)  Their cakes are so delicious.  I love getting their individual sized bundt cakes.  Red Velvet is my favorite and every cake is baked to perfection!  I'm not a fan of cream cheese frosting, but theirs is delicious and the only one I will eat!!
5	They have these cinnamon swirl ones that are AMAZING!
5	I ordered a birthday cake for a friend who lives in Vegas.  The girl who took my order over the phone was very sweet and easy to communicate with.  The whole conversation was done in about five minutes and I felt confident in sending the birthday boy to pick up his surprise the next day.The following afternoon I got a picture of the cake accompanied with a bunch of happy fat boy texts/emojis.  I will note that his name was misspelled, but I didn't think to check that detail on my end during ordering.  When I mentioned it to him, I got the following reply:  Lol they asked me if everything was spelled right and all the girls working were hot so I didn't sweat it.  Cake is too good!!!The lemon cake looked just as pictured online, ordering process was simple, and the birthday boy is happy.  You guys are great!
5	Love love love love!Amaaaaaaazing cakes! Each one tastes soo good but my absolute favorite is the red velvet bundt cake. If I ever need to celebrate anything, nothing bundt cake is always my go to place. They have the best decorations! & if you sign up for their newsletters, they often send coupons to you via email (buy one bundtlet, get one free)! Another reason I love this place is the awesome people that work here. I got off work a bit late one day and rushed over there. I was stuck in traffic so I got there right at 6:02pm. They close at 6. Their doors were already locked and they already started mopping. I sadly walked away by the opened the door for me! I was so excited because I was in desperate need for a cake for a celebration that same night. I'm so glad they were able to accommodate me! Such nice people!!
5	Finally made it here after getting to taste their cakes at many gatherings.  What a cute shop - and a busy one.  I was in there just to look around, but then spied those cute little buntlets.  We'll have a few people over for dessert in a couple of days, so why not get one?  Everyone's on a perpetual diet, so this is the perfect size for four of us to share without feeling like we're being really naughty.  I got the chocolate chocolate chip.  Maybe one of our two guests will be allergic to chocolate?  One can only hope!
4	Well, you get on my nerves. WHHHHY do you have to be so good?!! I have been a fan since my California days and I just can't get enough. So moist and delicious!! Lemon is my fave!
5	I am in love with these cakes! I have to buy a few bundtlets to hand carry home whenever I'm in Vegas. I haven't gotten to try very many flavors but the few I've tried were delicious. The best part is the cream cheese frosting that is generously piled on each bundtlet. Not to mention they're big enough for my mom and I to split. My faves so far are the marble, red velvet, and double chocolate chip. Now if only they would open a location in Hawaii, life would be perfect.
5	These cakes are the bomb!!!  I've had every kind and they are all great and very flavorful.  If you call in an order, you have to pay over the phone.  At about $17.50 per dozen, they are a little pricey, but their definitely worth it.  These guys would be wayyyyyyyy better than a dozen doughnuts.
5	What can I say....I love their cakes!! Always a hot at parties. They can be decorated for any occasion and the girls who work there are always very helpful. I've pre ordered as well as just showed up to get a cake. It does get a bit crazy in there around the holidays so it is best to pre order which I have found out.
5	LOOOOOOOOOVE THIS MOUTH WATERING DELICIOUS DESERTS! Everything made in this place will get you obsessed over a bite of there bunt cakes... At least for me it did. But I would tell anybody to try Everything Bunt Cakes
4	This place has what I call "comfort cakes."  Everything I've had here tastes great and does not pretend to be good for you!  I picked up a cake the other day for my friend's husband and everyone enjoyed the sweet treat.  We consumed the pumpkin spice cake happily and quickly; nice flavor, moist but not oily, yummy frosting.  (Tip: every 2 frosting petals equals one slice.)  I also bought a $4 individual red velvet for myself and that sucker was gone way too quickly.  The gals at the front were helpful and insisted I try the samples to make an informed decision.  They were also very patient with one lady who demanded her cake NOW (someone needed sugar, stat!).  Shop interior is cute, colorful, and charming.  Come visit Nothing Bundt Cakes if you want to indulge in old-fashioned cakey goodness.
1	The bundt cakes are excellent, especially the white chocolate raspberry. The customer service and their delivery service, however,  are just terrible.I ordered two dozen bundtinis to be delivered to my husband's office today between noon and 4pm for a surprise office party. The bundtinis were delivered at 11 am without a card (they charged me extra for the card), so my husband never got them.I called the bakery at around 3 pm to check on the status of the delivery and Naty was no help. She just said that if I scheduled the delivery for today, then it shoudl be delivered today. I called back at 4:30 pm telling them my husband never got the delivery and it was past the 4 pm delivery deadline. At that point, they contacted their delivery guy who confirmed it was delivered at 11 am, but did not know who he delivered it to.They charged me a $12 delivery fee, and the order sat at the security desk because they did not include the card and did not bother to look into it when I first inquired. I had to spoil the surprise and just tell my husband so he could confirm whether they were delivered or not. By the time he found them, the cakes had been sitting there for 6 hours and everyone at the office was already gone, so he threw them away.I called the bakery again and asked for the manager, but he/she was "busy" and would not take my call. Naty asked me to send the manager an email instead.The bundt cakes are good, but if you're planning an event don't order from them - they are not reliable. If you must order from them, definitely avoid the delivery service.
5	This place is on point. Delicious, moist cakes with cream cheese frosting. I had the mini gingerbread one and it was amazing. Not too rich or heavy, but just the right amount of sweetness. The staff is super friendly and I love their little shop; super cute decor and very quaint. I'm sure the large cakes are awesome, too. I'll definitely be back to try more.
5	Two words to describe this place. Absolute perfection. I usually don't like frosting and scrape most of it off but their frosting tastes so good here. Their cakes are always moist and fluffy. I don't know how they manage to make it so perfect each time. Pecan praline is my favorite but I can eat every flavor they have here. I haven't tried a flavor that I didn't like so far.
4	Yum red velvet bundt cake.  It is so good.  The store is very organized for ordering & picking up orders.  I wasn't aware that the store has so many gift items.  This was a very pleasant experience.My only complaint is the price!
5	Ok so I am not a cake person. I need to start with that. I am that gal who wanted to frosted roses as a kid, and eats the tops of cupcakes and tosses out the bottoms. That said, I recently celebrated a birthday and popped NBC. I purchased a dozen of the tiny bundts. Amazing!!  Best cake ever. I ate four!!! Cake and cream cheese frosting. All. They use the perfect ratio too. So moist and flavorful. We tried the cinnamon, turtle, choc choc chip, carrot, and white choc raspberry. Cannot wait for a reason to go back and to see what next month's limited edition flavor will be.
