5	Luxury Spray Tan (Danielle) is amazing. Her service is superior to others in the valley and her products are top of the line. She always knows what is best for me and I love the color. She is great at making appointments to get me in quickly when I forget to schedule in advance. Not only do I continually go back and get tanned, I refer others and would suggest her to anyone. Her service is perfect for weddings, vacations, parties, photo shoots, or just an everyday glow. I love Luxury!
5	I've been a client of Luxury for over a year and won't get a tan anywhere else. The color is always perfect as the technician is very knowledgeable and has different formulas to suite each individual. Luxury consistently provides a natural-looking tan and outstanding customer service.
5	Best spray tan I have ever had!!!  Danielle is very thoughtful and meticulous. She prepped me with a PH spray to insure longevity of the tan and made sure not to overspray my hands or feet, which we all know is the dead giveaway to a spray tan!!!  Also she is using the newest  formula from Norvell called Venetian  which I highly recommend, it looks very good on most skin types. This is not an inexpensive line to use and is my personal favorite. I would highly recommend her for the picky people out there like myself!!!  I will most definitely be back!!
5	I have seen Danielle twice now and won't go to anyone else. She customized my color each time to achieve the look I wanted - the first time a darker color, and the second time a light natural color. I LOVED both and they turned out perfectly, and faded totally naturally. She is also so nice and makes clients feel super comfortable.
5	The spray tan looked incredibly natural and streak free!!! Danielle did a great job of making me feel comfortable and explaining how to maintain the spray tan, which lasted for the full 7 days! I will definitely be back!
5	I have been to Luxury twice now and both tans were of the best quality. Danielle was very professional and gave great advice for maintaining the tan. Luxury Spray Tan is convenient and just plain awesome!  Look no further for the best spray tan in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area!
5	My friends and I all love Danielle. She is very professional and makes you feel completely comfortable. The spray tan she applies is perfectly even and you're not dark on your feet or elbows. That used to be my biggest gripe about spray tans. My best friend is a melanoma survivor so no more sun for me! Thanks for keeping me tan "not orange" without the sun damage on my skin .. XO
5	Luxury Spray tan is the best! Danielle a true perfection in her work. I highly recommend  Luxury Spray Tan. You won't regret it!
5	Danielle is a spray tan wizard!  As a model and fitness competitor I have had a lot of spray tans and Danielle is by far the best spray tan artist I have been to.  She is professional and incredibly detail oriented.  My tan always comes out perfect for whatever the occasion.  Whether it is for a competition, photo shoot, a special event, or just seeking a healthy glow she is the only one I trust for my spray tan needs.  Another perk is that Danielle is also extremely accommodating with her scheduling which is a must for busy individuals.  I highly recommend Luxury Spray Tan to anyone seeking a great spray tanning experience!
5	Not only is Danielle  an amazing spray tan artist she is cool which makes you feel comfortable. Pretty important when you are down to your skivvies. I have always left completely satisfied and trust her judgement with color and services! Will not go anywhere else when I am in Scottsdale! Thank you Danielle!!
