1	Horrible experience and will NOT return. Totally disorganized. Most of the empty tables were unbussed. Three lines merged into one and orders were not taken correctly. Workers were standing around with dazed looks and unwilling to help - they simply pointed to a different person when asked for assistance.
3	This Paradise Bakery deserves better than one one star review. A recent visit here late one afternoon, but before the dinner hour rewarded us with our favorite fire roasted tomato soup. Indeed, I like it so much it's hard for me to order anything else, especially paired with a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing better! This time I tried the asiago steak sandwich, which was good but a bit dry. The soups and salads look wonderful, and the turkey chili and Greek salad are other favorites.The wait staff were helpful and not unfriendly, but I did notice a bit of laxness at the checkout. Nobody there and customers with trays wondering what to do. I also observed people coming in not seeming to know what to do. There is a large "Pay Here" sign over the register, but no sign saying, "Order Here". Of course we'll be back. It's a welcome stop after shopping, A more prominent hostess to greet newcomers would be helpful.
2	I was not happy spending $31 on a kids meal and 2 YouPick 2 meals. Not to mention I get to the register ready to use my free meal I KNOW I have and I'm told I only have a free muffin. I am quite pissed about that. Kids meals don't come with drinks. My Mediterranean flatbread was icky. Not sure what happened to the old menu, but Paradise has gone downhill in my book. Sorry to say...
1	Not impressed with Paradise at all. I got half a sandwich and a tiny bowl of soup and asked for another cookie and it was $10!! The sandwich was alright and the soup was meh. For that amount, I  can go to Zupas and get a entire soup, a big bowl of soup or salad, a cholocate dipped strawberry, and a piece of bread, and a drink!!! Don't waste your time and money, if you want a a good lunch go to zupas!!
1	Was not happy with this location/most of the employees that I dealt with the past few experiences I've had here. I work in the area and on occasion stop by on my break for my dinner. I order my food to go always. I don't like how the new set up (order at the front/ pay) and then just wait around for the employees to stop talking with eachother and actually get around to getting to work and having your food ready. I think the old set up gave the employees behind the counter an opportunity to stay busy and give customers  the experience they deserve. The last few times I've been to this location in the evening, I've noticed only a few people actually being productive and the rest of the employees treating their job as a social event where they laugh, talk, and flirt more than anything else. I am still young enough to understand working and having friends, but when someone is being blocked physically from bringing me my food and he tries to walk around the other side of the counter (island) area and the girl runs over to the other side to block him again...All while I'm watching and waiting for my soup. She was treating it like a playground and  he seemed annoyed that she wouldn't give him space to do his job and he saw that I was waiting.  I saw a group of probably 5 people standing around in a circle chatting by where they make sandwiches, while only one/two employees was making food and one/two was at the register and there was a line of people waiting to order. There was also 2 employees standing by the drinking fountain.  I tried getting the tea I like and it was empty so I went to another type instead.  One of the two of them, then walked over and started looking in the tea containers, but didn't say anything to me or offer to go get more of the type I wanted. I honestly love the food (especially the soup), but  will try to go to other places instead just because of the immaturity of the employees, the lack of management presence (unless they were there and allowed that), and the overall lack in customer service in general. This makes me sad because it used to be one of my favorite places to go. The specific incidents from my latest experience was on Tuesday, October 14th in the evening.
