2	I got a helix (ear cartilage) piercing here. The shop is aesthetically pleasing and comfortable, and the piercing room looks like a doctor's office. While the piercing process itself  was uneventful, I had complications afterward. I know that typically piercing problems cannot necessarily be blamed on the piercer, but I later discovered the piercer inserted initial jewelry that was WAY too small. I don't think this is a mistake an experienced/cautious piercer would make. Perhaps this was just an isolated incident, but I am lukewarm about going back here.
2	I went here because I had a nipple piercing reject and wanted to get it redone.  They did not pierce me initially.  The piercer, whose name I can't remember, pierced it completely lower and deeper than my left piercing.  I was completely uneven.  This cost me 70 dollars not including a tip.  6 months later I got it repierced AGAIN at In the Blood instead and now I'm completely even and it only cost 40.Hot Rod was clean and sterile and the piercer was fun to talk to but I could not recommend this to anyone if symmetry is important to you.UPDATE: I received a message from Hot Rod on Yelp apologizing for the service I received and offering to repierce me free of charge.
4	The only time I'm in Oakland is when I have mandatory class, which means I'm usually not a happy camper when I'm in the area. Being surrounded by large masses of noisy undergrads doesn't help the situation, and sometimes, I like to de-stress with meaningless acts of rebellion. In my case, this means getting different things pierced (I know, I'm so radical...but in my defense, it's all relative. Right?).I've been here three times, for my helix, nose, and septum. Each time has been great. The piercers are super nice and friendly, their equipment is really clean, and they're fun to shoot the breeze with. I was pretty nervous about my septum, but they handled it well, joking around with me during the entire process. I haven't had any experience at other piercing businesses, but I like Hot Rod just fine.
5	I thought the service there was amazing, they were really accommodating and the guy who did my piercing was very cool about it. Being the wuss that I am, I was hyperventilating in the waiting room, and squeezing my friend's hand way before I even set foot in the room.  The guy who did my piercing, Jerry, was very professional, experienced, and completely made my experience there. He was nothing short of my piercing spirit guide. He told me reassuring stories about his experiences with previous wimpy souls like me as well as the motivating speech of going through pain in order to get what I wanted. The place wasn't expensive either (I had a nose piercing done, a stud) and they gave you proper advice about cleaning and maintenance. Overall, I'd come here again to get any other piercing done!
5	The last time I was at a piercing parlor was several years ago. I was with my underage friend, it was some super sketchy joint on St. Mark's Place, and the guy who worked there asked me, "Are you sure you don't want anything? Your ears look so...naked." NO THANKS. Luckily, Hot Rod couldn't have been further from that.I got my earlobes pierced a decade ago and haven't gotten anything pierced since, so I was understandably a little nervous when I went in to get my nose pierced. The guy at the counter, whose name may have been Mark or Mike or Matt, had holes in his ears (not the lobe) so big that I could see the wall behind him. He was super nice, insisted on legal ID which I really appreciated because of my secondhand experience with sketchy St. Marks Place parlors, and explained the whole procedure and care thoroughly. I chose my ring (he explained why they used the size they did, and I was satisfied with the explanation even though I will be switching out for the smallest size when I can) and paid $45, which seemed reasonable. The area where he actually did the piercing was very clean and sterile looking, and my nose hasn't fallen off yet so I guess it was as sterile as it looks. I'd definitely recommend this place to nervous first time piercers.
5	The shop was so clean and comfortable. The guy that pierced my nose was very knowledgable and made me feel really safe. The equipment is wrapped in sterile bags and he wore gloves while piercing. Perfect service! He even stayed past closing to make sure I was taken care of.
5	I got my lip pierced here back in April 2012 and I'm still in love it. The guys here are very laid-back but still professional and my piercing was quick and virtually painless. I unfortunately took the piercing out for a few hours over the summer and had to get it re-stretched at a different shop and it was a far worse experience on every level. Highly recommend this place!
5	I got my rook pierced today by Gino. I have had multiple other piercings done before (in other cities before I moved to PGH) so this wasn't my first experience. They were very thorough in regards to piercing care and making sure I understood what to do. Gino took me back and explained everything before he did it, which I really appreciated. It was quick, he was gentle, and I am very happy with my new piercing!! I will definitely be back. The prices are fair, the shop is really clean, and the staff is professional but relaxed.
5	It's easy to forget about Hot Rod, since it's upstairs, but check it out next time you visit Oakland. The interior is clean and crisp, decorated with African sculptures and masks. I had my tragus done 6 years ago and it was less traumatic than my lobe piercings since Hot Rod only uses sterile needles, guided by hands and a receiving tube.Today I stopped in to get my septum done. First, my nose was lubricated and massaged to find a favorable spot to pierce. Then, I laid on the table, and let the piercer double check that the hole would be straight. I felt the needle rest against my nose before being quickly shoved through. My eyes watered, but it was the least painful of my head piercings. Six years since my first visit, and Hot Rod is still the best place to get a new hole in your body.
