5	This is my newest favorite spot! My friend and I shared a few different dishes. First off we tried the Greek salad. It was wonderful. Really crisp lettuce, huge tomatoes and fresh. We then ordered the Scottish flatbread. Which was smoked salmon, cream cheese and chives! Delicious! The lasagna was to die for! Full of flavor in every bite. Perfect size portion. They're menu has a variety of amazing dishes which includes omelets, salads, wraps, panini's, burgers, and homemade soups. You can also custom make your panini! Don't hold off on their dessert! The bread pudding was a delight! With this Vegas heat you can't go wrong with cooling yourself down with one of their many flavor gelato's or smoothies! If you haven't tried this place your missing out!
5	I have been to Espression Cafe several times already and love it. I stopped by yesterday and my experience there made me take the time to post this. It was at lunch time and they were pretty busy. The three girls working were extremely nice and as always greeted me with smiles. I ordered the Chicken Pesto Panini with french fries and it came with a drink. The place was almost full so I expected to wait for a while. I sat down at one of the tables looking around just to fulfill my time. Even tho it was very busy the place was really clean and what really made an impression is that the girls managed to greet every single customer walking thru that door. And next moment I know there it was my panini served to me. The experience gets even better when one of the girls came out to the front and checked on each group to make sure that their food was good. My panini was great, the staff were super friendly and my lunch break was totally awesome!Thank you!
5	Great place for a cup of Illy espresso or cappuccino. This is a fast service place, but restaurant quality Italian food for lunch + yummy desserts and snacks. You got to taste the black cherry Gelato. Is delicious.
1	Called in order using 'Eat24'. Asked for delivery @ 11:45am (making sure it was here for lunch). Delivery showed up at 10:40am. Was missing one of the drinks for co-worker. When I asked why so early, the delivery person said, "Sorry, I just deliver." I called the store and explained to a worker, who transferred me to another worker to explain again. They were powerless with out the manager and was told they would call back. At 11:30am the manager called and ask how she could help me. I asked if I needed to explain for a 3rd time. She said, "Well you called us." I said, "No, you just called me." She said, "Have a nice day and hung up."Will never 'visit' them again. And will encourage everyone in the area to avoid them if at all possible.Side note: The Chef Salad was a joke. If it had said "Side Salad or Child Size" I wouldn't have ordered them.
5	This is my only review I've wrote on yelp after using this app for years. I'm writing it because I was so satisfied with this cafe. I ordered off of eat24 and my food was at my door FAST! It's nice having delivery options especially when it's good food and fast. I don't know what that other guy was complaining about you guys kick ass
5	Pretty cool cafe-restaurant located across the regional justice center. They offer paninis, burgers , flatbreads , smoothies , gelatos and steam table entrees. Along with coffee and some baked goods. I've had a few items over here and everything has been tasty.  Prices are on par or a tad bit cheaper than usual downtown spots. Staff is very friendly. Seems to be a family owned establishment.
5	I am IN LOVE with this cafe. The owner and staff is so friendly and sweet. They're always there to make suggestions or get you to try something new. I know this is going to sound silly, but of all the things on their menu, their fries are to die for. Seriously. Get them with any combo you might purchase. Their sandwiches, salads, paninis, burgers, you name it, all spectacular. I recently had their gelato for the first time, and I thought I had gone to heaven. The pricing is phenomenal for the amount of delicious, always hot and fresh food you get. How is this place not busier? Maybe it's the best kept secret Downtown. Also, they are catering Thanksgiving dinners for those of you who may not have the time, energy, or money to make an entire meal yourself. If I didn't cook myself, I would definitely be giving them a try. I suggest you do the same!
5	I've eaten here twice and both times I'm so impressed!!! The food was hot and so good omg and everything I ordered was healthy and very tasteful. One of the representatives actually came to my job and gave me a menu, ten minutes later I was there and ordering food. Definitely one of my new favorite places to grab lunch! Excellent staff, excellent food, excellent prices!
4	The food is really delicious however the service for being completely empty was very slow. We had egg white omelettes and Panini's. My vegetable egg white omelette was absolutely delicious and huge. My husband had the Buffalo chicken Panini with fries and he said it was awesome. It was a little bit awkward that his sandwich came out 20 minutes before my eggs. So he was done eating before I started. The only condiment available for the eggs was Tabasco sauce or a very bland salsa. I would've much preferred to have hot sauce of some kind of authentic salsa for my eggs. The drinks in the cooler aren't marked with prices so I wasn't sure what anything cost. I ordered a bottle of water and then was told that the brand of water I picked was three dollars more than the one I paid for. Their menu is very impressive however and they have an attractive hot food buffet so you can literally get almost anything that you would want to eat there from muffins to coffee drinks to smoothies to hot dishes to sandwiches and soups.
