5	Great atmosphere, came here for the soft opening. Everything i had tastes great, the banana chips are a great alternative to regular potato chips. Oh and theres WiFi!
5	Amazing quality food and coffee! I used to work at Starbucks and although not much of a coffee drinker I love their salted caramel! In terms of food the Brussels sprouts are to die for and you can never go wrong with a smoked lox bagel
5	How can I give any less than 5 stars when a small business owner opens his doors for me before his business is actually open?I stopped in to check out Makers & Finders the day before the soft opening, and I found the owner doing some work to prepare. I was just asking him the closing time for the next day, and next thing you know I'm sitting at the bar drinking a fruity pourover from Costa Rica.This place looks amazing. Clean and modern, you almost forget you're in old downtown Las Vegas. They have a couple couches to relax in and a row of USB ports at the bar.  I saw a food menu and pictures on Yelp and can't wait to try the food, too.As for the coffee, it's delicious. These guys definitely know their stuff.  I will be coming back as much as possible to try different beans prepared in different styles.Apparently their hours for the first month will only be 11:30-3:30, but starting in December they said they'll have their full 7am-7pm hours. This will definitely be my new hangout to get some work done. Much more comfortable a spot then The Bean.
5	Great service , great food, most important great attitude !! I don't know anything about coffee and I got a full lesson with out making me feel stupid lol !! It always great to see local people going into business I'm very proud of these guys !! Keep up the good work !!  Cheers to your future success !!
3	New addition to downtown, still in their soft-opening phase, impressed with the friendliness of service and unique menu offerings. They have great potential and I look forward to returning in a month or so when they've worked out some kitchen issues.STANDARD MOCHA & MEXICAN SPICED MOCHA: A bit overly sweet but tasty, prefer my brew a bit stronger but liked the flavors.CARNE MACHADA EMPANADA was amazing, the roasted potatoes it was plated with were tasty but the aji sauce blew my mind! Can't wait til the other two empanadas on the menu are available.SOFRITO SLIDERS are tasty but the sofrito aspect of them was underprounced. First round was accidentally served raw inside but with tasty sauce, remade to the other extreme of well done and missing the sauce,  corrected and removed from bill by management. Would specifically request medium to medium-rare to enjoy the good quality meat and cheese, served with tasty salt-and-pepper-seasoned plantain chips.AREPA BENNY with one egg, seems the proper portion would be two? Egg cooked perfectly, shortrib a bit on the dry side, I enjoyed the combination of flavors but it didn't work at all for my guy's tastes. Service was friendly throughout, but staff is clearly still working out kinks: benny took over an hour to come out, above-mentioned slider issue. Timing can be improved upon as kitchen build efficiency and staff get accustomed to working together. Definitely suggest utilizing a meat thermometer to check doneness.Space is open and modern, love the USB ports under the coffee bar and the playful goat portrait on the back wall. Lots of potential, excited to come back and eat more empanadas after they get settled in!
5	I can't wait to return for the grand opening. For a soft opening month things seem to be going very well, i found everyone to be personable and attentive.It's great to see Sean running the coffee program there, he is a great barista with tons of enthusiasm and an equal amount of innovativeness (check out the coffee menu!). I also love how open for feed back they were on my visit, which if this is being reviewed by the owners can i beg for ORGANIC MILK?! No one else in Vegas is doing this, i would even be in for an up charge of 50 cents or so, optional or not.I ordered the tomato bisque which was delightful, perfectly tomato-y and spot on with the black pepper. I really appreciated how understated it was, just simple clean flavors with no gimmicks. The croissant panini was a nice touch but could have been a bit warmer and i personally could have gone for a saltier cheese like a long aged cheddar or gruyere.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience, especially the neighborhood vibe with the clean and lively interior. I know i will be returning several times before the grand opening. I can't wait to see this place evolve.
5	Didn't get to try much this visit because I snuck in around closing, but can't wait to go back. They showed me around a little and I left with a delicious iced coffee. I've read people saying how they pick up on flavor characteristics in coffee(like people do with wine) and that is something I never have done until today. The cold brew coffee was delicious.
3	Don't get me wrong. The brew is very good and it's actually well priced. But 15 minutes for two cups of coffee?? Not siphon. Not french press. Just two cups for my wife & I, that arrived by the time I was half way finished with my breakfast. It was literally the first thing I asked for. Both the hostess and the owner(Josh) explained to me that the coffee was "made to order from scratch"(which kind of annoyed me, because it was repeated word for word) but this excuse can only go so far in a breakfast-lunch restaurant. The saving grace was my waiter, who could tell I was agitated by the length of time and gave me a discount on my already considerably low bill. I can tell it has potential, but "soft opening" or not, if you have the word COFFEE in your name, you should hire at least TWO baristas to handle your demand for it.
5	Wow! Love this place! Downtown chique, REAL coffee, friendly knowledgeable staff, and yummy bites
5	My experience at Makers and Finders was great! The food is phenomenal and their coffee is one of a kind. If you're looking for a place that brews coffee in 30 seconds, this isn't the place for you. You come for the experience and the many varieties that have to offer. I had their horchata mixed with expresso and was blown away by the flavor. I can't wait to return again for the breakfast!
5	This place is awesome! I had 2 totally different types of coffee and they were both the best. I highly recommend this great little place for all you coffee lovers... The food was also a nice treat, I enjoyed everything I had. You all need to hit this place up!
5	Creative, friendly and knowledgeable. One of those places you want to spend time in, not just grabbing a cup of coffee and running out. Sit at the bar or grab a table, kick back and enjoy some of the best coffee in town! And the food is fantastic, too. Try the ceviche, the chorizo Brussel sprouts, or any of the arepas. You can't go wrong.
5	Urban coffee shop DTLV at the arts district. Good Latin food and friendly service. Can't wait til' they opens up for their regular hours.     The place looks amazing there's patio seating, and a lounge area inside.  Try the honey vanilla latte and AREPAS (see pictures).
5	Firstly, any coffee shop that offers almond milk gets extra points from me. Second, a place that can introduce me to something as novel as a Lavender-infused latte with said almond milk gets 5 stars. Well done!
5	Great coffee; Great service; I had the cold brew to go and it's perfect!This was perfectly refreshing to walk main street to shop for some good ol things; although some spots don't allow drinks in their stores... so I chose to keep walking. I'm not leaving this cup of coffee behind anywhere except into my mouth and into my belly
3	I like this new coffee shop downtown! Rating  is a little low because they're still new and have a few things that could be better, but overall first experience was a pretty good one. Lavender latte is delicious and the honey vanilla is like a warm horchata. We got here at 10:00 but their kitchen doesn't open until 11, which is fine, just a little weird since we were planning on breakfast. It makes sense not to open it until later but it'd be smart to have the info up on yelp. Another thing was I wish they carried soy milk. They only carry regular and almond milk, but I don't think almond milk sits as well with espresso as soy. Hopefully they bring it in if more people request it. Some servers were nicer than others when I mentioned it, if you know what I mean...
5	What a great  place, already favorite of myself and others, I recommend to everyone. They were still having their soft opening our first time there and opened for us so we could have coffee which was amazing. Thank you!
3	I was recently turned on to this new place by a co-worker when on a coffee run and under the impression we were going to our regular place. She says "we're going to Makers and Finders." We were promptly greeted and asked if we wanted just coffee or wanted food as well. We said we wanted drinks to go and were provided menus. We placed our order and had a seat in a cool little lounging area while waiting for our drinks.The atmosphere was hip and had a good "hang out" vibe. They had a TV (turned off), and had latin music playing in the background. It seemed like it took it a while to get our drinks. The coffee was pretty good, though. I ordered a regular brewed coffee of Columbian origin. You have to select an "origin" when selecting your coffee. The staff was friendly, but it seemed like they were a little "disjointed" behind the counter and a little confused as to who was doing what. I am confident the longer they are open, the more in sync they will become and it will only get better from here.In addition to coffee drinks, they offer a variety of food. One in our party got a bagel with  a cream cheese type of icing. I was lucky enough to sample it and was impressed. I look forward to checking this place out again and will update the review accordingly.
5	I'll have to come back for a proper meal, but just had my first cup of pour over coffee (a medium roast of Bolivian origin) and it's an early frontrunner for best cup of java downtown! Staff is super friendly and place looks great, looking forward to brunching there this weekend.
4	Nice addition to Main Street.First time coming was during their soft opening. Ordered the salted caramel latte and lavender latte both with almond milk to go. If you like lavender, then it's for you. Personally, it was too floral for me but definitely as it should taste. Salted caramel was delicious. At the time, there wasn't a cup sleeve with my drinks. Don't know if they've added them now.Second time, sat in to get work done. Since they've officially opened, place was much more busier than my last. A couple and myself were just standing around the entrance because we didn't know what to do! Was it seat yourself or did we have to wait to get seated? Noone approached us as everyone was busy serving so I approached a server then got seated. There's a "community table" where I guess most of those who are solo and with a laptop go. Since it was full, I sat at the couches that was conveniently next to an outlet. Once seated, someone took my order immediately.Ordered the chorizo brussel sprouts and a honey vanilla latte with almond milk. Both came out in a timely manner. The brussel sprouts dish was pretty amazing. Pieces of meat, mushrooms, some grilled shrimp topped with crispy onions in red wine vinegar. Mmm. Latte was good too. So far, the coffee drinks have been a hit.Place is cool and music is spot on. I enjoyed hearing Flume, Flight Facilities, What So Not, and Disclosure. If you're into that type of music, no need to listen to your own. Parking isn't bad and there's usually spots not too far. There's also wifi but be sure to ask the pw for guest2 because the open one sucked.I understand that they're still fairly new and working on things but checking out took me a good 20 minutes from when I asked for the check and actually left. I still give this place 4 stars because the products they represent are good. Just needs some work on service and organization but it's nothing too major that would stop me from coming back.
5	Great vibes and delicious food. Tried the salted caramel and Mexican spice latte... Great flavors!! Being a first timer I had to try the chorizo and Brussels sprouts and was not disappointed everything was perfectly seasoned with quality ingredients.You can't leave without trying the Elvis press. Nutella, bacon and strawberries pressed in a soft croissant- I was full from my entree but I definitely made room for this!! Attentive service and great food, will not be my last time at Makers!
5	Very VERY cute spot! I'm here as I write this. Even tho they open at 7am, I thought I'd be the only one here...let's be honest, who's in this area at 10am... I sit corrected because there were a few patrons at the coffee bar, community table, and a few tables on the floor. I sat at the community table (as I am solo-dolo) & I wanted to get some work done. Immediately ordered the cortadito as I order wherever I see it on the menu....loved the presentation with the HEART coffee art in the middle. It was strong and distinct in flavor. Christian, the manager, offered me a toffee biscotti which they get from a local bakery & and ice tea with cinnamon on top, which they just made and like to play around with the flavors. The ice tea was super refreshing and was an added kick of flavor with the cinnamon. Biscotti, which I normally don't like, was good in todd flavor but, SOFT, which I especially liked. Reminded me of a cookie! Ordered the chorizo brussel sprouts, which we're TO-DIE-FOR! Chorizo everywhere with few pieces of grilled shrimp. But, that pungent red wine vinegar taste was just up my alley!!!! Crunchy, savory, and very meaty. The only bad thing I have to say it, I think the shrimp were grilled too long because it was kind of tough. As I ate that, barista Sean, offered me a spiced almond mint coffee and OH-MY-GAWD, it was perfect for this weather. Lots of cinnamon, creamy, and I think bits of mint in it. I could just picture myself drinking this by the fireplace and getting all cozy-wozy. Perfect for cuddle season :) I would love to try more of their slow-drips but, I'll wait to go with my boyfriend as he's the true coffee lover!Reviews talk about the long wait for items but, I haven't found that as such. Workers are great. Super friendly and pretty attentive considering how must they've gotten since I've sat here. As I sit here with 3 cups of drinks in front of me, I am happy!***15 minutes after I write this review*** UPDATEThis place is now buzzing with customers and my community table is now filled with a group of rather good-looking Aussie (some kind of accent) men talk about how to market their brand and how DTLV is changing culturally for the better... Totes hipster -- I LIKE IT! lol this place is something I can very well picture in San Francisco. The manager, also, brings out Ojaldras (honey orange batter, cinnamon sugar, lechera) with seasonal #peppermint ice cream and fruits. It's one of their sweet treats and reminds me of a filipino dish with the cinnamon sugar fried batter chip thingies (Ojaldras). Paired with the seasonal peppermint ice cream it was L O V E! I'm so full. All I came for was the cortadito. I swear, I need to get a bigger tummy to inhale more food/drink as a Yelper!
5	Coffee is Amazing. Just plain black coffee is to die for. I've tried the Mexican Spice and Lavender Latte and both were absolutely amazing.Food is to die for. Sofrito sliders are perfect with the plantain chips is perfect.It's a religious experience.
4	Really like this cute, hipster cafe.Concept is kinda odd, though - an espresso joint with Latin American cuisine and service at the table. That means it's not the kind of cafe often seen in urban cities that you sit down with a laptop and get some work done while sipping a nice cup of coffee and munching some pastries.On the bright side, Makers and Finders serves better food options than a typical coffee shops. The Chicken Tinga was really good - crispy, thin crust with just the right amount of fillings - second to none in itself.However, Ceviche de Camarones was a bit of let down - it's uninspiring and just too sour. I like sour Ceviche, but I failed to taste anything other than a bunch of lemon juice - my expectation was a delicate balance between sour, salty, and fatty.La Paisa was good, but not as spectacular as Chicken Tinga.The cappuccino was well crafted, not too milky and the powerful shot of espresso was present - comparable to Sunrise Coffee or Sambalatte. That alone makes M&F a great addition to the local coffee scene.I'll come back and try more.
2	This is a bit different review then the rest.  We rented it out for a christmas party for our group.  They had drinks, food, space and music.  It was a great space the food was actually amazing, truffle fries, mini burgers, stuffed mushrooms and more.  The food was replenished often and kept warm on hot plates.It was a drink ticket night, I am cool with that but the bartender was insanely conservative.  By the way I used to serve at the races in january so I know the deal. I felt like he added a thimble of booze to each drink, he would take a empty plastic glass (at least pour into a shot glass and pour a bit of booze into my glass.  Not as many people showed up so most people had many extra tickets.  Needless to say I was sober even though I had a sober driver.Come on add a tiny bit of extra booze not just to the line and if you are worried about your bosses getting mad.  My past bartending experience is you pour your drinks over ice to make it look like there is more not into an empty cup when my mind stays sober.  Mind over matter...
5	Really awesome place with a great soundtrack, amazingly diverse menu. Parking is easy and the service is attentive. Vegas needs more places like this. I had an iced coffee and the La Paisa arepa, definitely tasty filling food. More of a healthier, trendier take on Latin comfort food. Portions are small and the prices are higher than average (think $6 lavender lattes, and $12 chorizo Brussels sprouts) but it definitely is a unique, modern cafe which are definitely missing in Vegas.
5	Super delicious! The service is great. The tinga arepas are delicious. Especially the coffee is so delightful. Good place to have a good lunch.
3	Came here a few weeks ago with a friend from out of town. The set up is very unique, and cozy. The coffee was a 10-10! But the food wasn't so hot. I had the caprice bagel. I didn't like how the flavor matched up. I felt like there was just too much going on fore such a basic order. And my friend had a turkey sandwich, which seemed to be a little dry. The staff was a little stiff also. Took our bar server sometime to even greet us. Then ignored us majority of the time we were sitting. Overall. I may have not liked the food or the service, but the coffee will defiantly make me crawl back. Willing to give them another try.
4	In the revelation of the fact that this private event and the food, kitchen staff and space was the only provided "staff" from Makers & Finders and the bar tending was a different thing I will re review.The space was amazing with a industrial feel on the inside but it was still inviting, outside had space heaters and small tables to enjoy a beautiful day here in Las Vegas.  The food was really really good, the sliders were moist and very flavorful even after sitting in a warmer (we went back for thirds)  The fact that they had Truffle Fries with truffles amazed and thrilled me, the bonus is they were legit and delicious.  There were lots of other food items and all were good.Space- AmazingFood- Flavorful, Thrilling, Delicious...Kitchen Staff (people who actually work there) pleasant, accommodating, helpful, fast, and good cooks.The front of the house was not the staff and that is who I reviewed, now that I know the front of the house staff was rented I advise the owners to review that choice because I did not review all I saw behind the bar.  However you in the back of the house did amazing.  The food service was top notch and the food taste was amazing.Thank you for clarifying who I am indeed reviewing, you.
4	It's nice to have a new cafe like this in the downtown area without being in the middle of Downtown Las Vegas, per se.  Located on Main St. near Charleston Blvd., the boyfriend and I stopped in on Saturday afternoon at 3:40, 20 minutes before they close, unbeknownst to us.  Parking was easy since we got lucky and snagged a spot right in front.  The staff didn't shoo us away, even though they would be closing soon and we were ordering more than just coffee.  The menu offerings include breakfast served all day, bagels, sandwiches, salads, soup, arepas, empanadas, desserts, pastries, plus various teas and coffees, including cold brew.  Since time was not on our side during this visit because we had a 4:30 appointment elsewhere, I just had the Turkey Club and a lavender latte.  The club sandwich was nothing special, but I did like the plantain chips that came with it; I wouldn't pay $9 for this again, though.  I did love my lavender latte with almond milk, however.  It smelled wonderful, of course, and was creamy with just the right amount of sweetness.  Service was excellent and I really like the ambiance.  There is a counter as well as an area for the electronic-toting patrons who want to plug in and do some work on their laptops.  I also spied at least one couch in the corner.  I look forward to more visits to try some of the other coffees and the Latin food items, especially when we're not pressed for time.*Closed SundaysOpen Mon-Sat, 7:00-4:00
4	I came for a brunch with Sarah-Marie V. I've been wanting to try this spot since it opened. For beverages she got a cortido which was solid, but I liked my lavender latte better. It was balanced and really well made. Loaded chorizo soup had good amount of spice from the chorizo and had potato and kale. It was a simple and solid soup, but at least something not standard. I'm in a soup mood and tired of chicken noodle being the only option everywhere.Arepa benny I thought was great! It makes a lot of sense to use the arepa for this type of preparation as it sops up hollandaise well. I will order this again - and soon! Carne mechada empanada was good as far as empanadas go.  I enjoyed the aji sauce on them, though the roasted potatoes and tomato accompaniment was a bit salty.We also got the elvis press for dessert. It's a decent crossaint rich sandwich, but nothing you couldn't whip up easily at home. It works as a sweet option for a snack, but I dont know if I would call this "dessert". I love having nice beverages with something cakey. If they would fill the dessert category with patisserie items, this could be an even better place. I like the easy going flow of this place. It's brand new so there's I'm sure some hiccups and a groove they need to get into, but the people are enthusiastic and friendly about what they serve which is the step in the right direction. I will be back soon with the fiance. It's in a convenient spot near our cigar spot.
2	Second time here and the service is horrible. The lattes are good. Food is ok, a bit of over priced. I wish service was better I would come more often. :(
