5	Came here opening day. Staff very friendly. Nice spacious layout. Well staffed lines! Welcome to NC!
2	Already not so impressed. The prices are even higher than Harris Teeter (that's hard to do).  Of course everyone was friendly because they just opened but I don't think that will last forever. They denied our competitor coupon that any other store would have gladly taken, you have to load everything on the belt yourself and they close at 10-really?!? Really makes me miss Bilo and want to shop at Teeter more than ever. There bread had a bad after taste and there brand name foods were just ok. On the other hand they do seem to have some good preprepared speciality items.  There coming into a hard market.
4	The death of terrible southern grocery stores has arrived.  It's no Wegmans, but I hope publix puts harris teeter and the other parasites out of business.  Also, publix has gelato.
5	Great way to make a mark in NC! Great location, the store is beautiful!! I live in Miami and was visiting NC and was very pleased to find a Publix. The staff was extremely courteous, especially in the Deli. I appreciate that everything was very clean and organized. The management team should be proud that they have a great team to really represent what Publix is all about. For those complaining about coupons, you should definitely look into the great deals Publix has on a daily basis. Also, you can't compare the quality of products in Publix than any other chain.
3	Put on your pretentious looking beret and roll up in here in your BMW and with your Starbucks latte and snob it up!  This grocery store has all the snootery of a Whole Foods, but the massive big-box styling and selection of the Teeter across the street.  This grocery, unlike it's Teeter-ific competitor, has a big focus on their prepared foods.  With their cafe like area that serves a ton of freshly made food that you can sit and eat right there or take home to dine at your leisure, they have a strong focus on showing off their competitive difference.  Unlike Teeter however, there is an obvious focus on the Publix service, as the folks that work here are relentlessly helpful, cheery, and need to take chill-pills, it's just a box of cookies, dude.  Overall their price and value is about on par with Harris Teeter.  Some items are more expensive, others are less, but no matter how you dice it, it's expensive.  If you do happen to do your weekly shop here, take them up on their offer to take the groceries out to your car.  Often times the workers who assist you with that give you coupons, or gift card type things that can be real winners.  If you're a Teeter faithful, you owe it to yourself to give it a try and actually opt for some of the Publix brand stuff.  Hopefully it will be as eye opening for you as it was for me as far as how blah Teeter food actually is.
5	Reasonable prices great selection friendly staff probably my favorite grocery store !!
5	I absolutely love publix ! So happy Charlotte finally acquired these great supermarkets. The variety here is amazing and lets not forget that the customer service is superior to any other market in the area. Where else can you get fresh sushi at moderate prices in a supermarket . Plus I got this yummy shrimp, lettuce wrap.
4	First time at Publix because I'm a Harris Teeter girl, the store is beautiful, love the set up.  Excellent, incredible, wonderful, outstanding and any other nice word you can think of customer service.  Hands down the best customer service I've ever experienced at a grocery store.  Nothing like Harris Teeter, they treat you like they are doing you a favor.  I went to this Publix Friday around noon, wanted to compare it to my Harris Teeter, so that after non I went to my store, seriously the customer service stinks like no body's business. They rarely acknowledge you, even the managers. They were busy talking about what they were going to do when they got off could careless that I was even there buying groceries.  Their attitudes are so sorry the only time they would realize something is going on is when they lose out on their paychecks. It's a shame, any way back to Publix a beautiful place, great customer service, the deli and bakery super nice. The only issue I had was the deli was slow. I was the only one in line getting something and they wasn't prepared, I waited about 15 minutes or so. But other than that it was a great visit, I can't wait until one comes the new one comes to Mint Hill.Thanks Publix
4	Overall...Love this store. Has many so good deli items. Their prices are high, but the service is good. I will say that the salad bar at Harris Teeter is far better. Will go back.
4	Great supermarket.  The produce isn't bad with a decent amount of organic even.  Well lit and always pleasant going in. The staff is always friendly and overly helpful but not in an annoying way.  I love that they are always armed with coupons!  I've never had a deli sandwich but everyone I know who has raves about them!  The only reason publix loses a star is that their competitors just across the road seem to have better prices on just about everything.  For penny pinchers like me, that matters
