3	This used to be "Mas Amigos", but for some reason the name changed. The staff/cooks seems to be the same. The menu is definitely the same.I love their  chips and salsa, which are made in house. This is my go-to because the food is consistently tasty, but don't expect sophisticated food. Everything is very cheap.Portions are large (I usually take some to go). I would recommend getting the enchiladas mexicanas. Their margaritas are pretty tasty and just strong enough.  I gave it a three because: I think the service is a little disconnected since management change, I had to wait a while for the check and had like 3 waiters. I wish their menu had some variety from time to time.  tostadas and queso fresco would be nice :(
4	We had lunch carry out today and the food was great, the service was fantastic and I look forward to dining in soon. The chips and salsa are my favorite in town so far, and I am a total chip snob!
5	Went there a couple weeks ago with a friend from out of town. They had a TON of TVs to watch the NBA Finals game and the World Cup matches in any direction. (Since we're sports fans, it was perfect!)The owner came out to speak to us on several occasions to check on how things were going and make menu recommendations. Food was great. I had the carne asada and my friend had a torta that was so generous in portion size that he took half of it home. Have been back a couple times since and it's been a consistently good time.We were told about the management change and the owner seems like he's eager to receive input to make things customer focused, as well as a spot for locals to truly enjoy. I think he's on the right track...and I'll keep bringing my friends back!
4	As others have noted, this place is the old Mas Amigos. The food is quite similar to Mas Amigos even though the menu has changed. Many employees are the same, which is to their benefit. I'm proud to say I'm a regular. This place has excellent tacos Mexicanos. The pastor is probably the best I've had anywhere. In fact, everything I've had on the menu has been quite good. Before the switch, this was a great margarita place, with incredible prices. I can't speak to neither the price, nor the quality of the margaritas at present. This place remains my favorite of the Chambana Mexican restaurants. Minor transition issues caused me to give 4 and not 5 stars, but I will revise it upward once the kinks are out.
3	Went here to watch the Colombia vs Uruguay world cup match and the atmosphere was really great, they had a bunch of screens! The food...not so great. The chips they give you for free at the beginning are addicting tho! Im giving it 3 stats instead of two because of that and the $2 Corona special!
3	In town for business and walked to this place from my hotel.  It was surprisingly good.  I had chile relllenos.  The poblanos were fresh and cooked properly.  Actually, the waiter recommended the dish.  The one downer was the margarita.  It was syrupy sweet, which I find disgusting.  It was definitely a pre-made mix.  I should have went for a corona.  Anyway, the cost was very cheap, the chips were fresh, and the meal was pleasant.
1	Ever since the change of owners, the quality of the food has declined. Chips are oily because they refry them using oil that is not sufficiently hot. Salsa that came with chips used to be fresh but now it's more on the brown side than tomato red. Chicken Enchiladas was just so so. - restaurant looked dirty. Acapulco lunch meal was drenched in oil - service was quick and efficient though.
1	Honestly, I have no idea how this place is still open.  Their food is below par and service is as well.  The best thing we ordered was the Lily margarita. The server was extremely pushy, however, he failed to bring us the correct tortillas that we ordered and was not on top of  our regular drinks or chips.  We ordered a super burrito and chicken fajitas.  The food was edible, however, neither item came with sour cream, guacamole or anything of the sorts.  The super burrito did not come with any sides.  The fajitas did not come out sizzling and looked as if it had just been microwaved.  We ordered flour tortillas, however, received corn (which looked old).  Had to ask another server for the correct tortillas, which took awhile to receive.  The atmosphere was completely chaotic...There was no sense of professionalism nor order to the restaurant.  The back wall was not even painted and was just bare drywall.  I would not recommend... go to El Toro.
4	The owners are very friendly and they know how to make the customer feel welcomed. They have many t.v.'s to watch sports. You can tell that the chips are freshly made. The chips they provide don't have a lot of salt, which is always a plus. The food is the one of the best authentic Mexican foods you can get in the Champaign area.
2	Eh, pretty good, pretty good. Just nice, greasy, satisfying Mexican (and TexMex) food. You can have your pina colada come in a pineapple! There was a hair in my food, which is fine because hair falls out. It's what it does. But it still made me queasy. And I had the worst stomach ache after eating here. Too much grease. My huarache was taking a sizzly bath. I'm conflicted between a 2 and 3 because the food was decent. The consequences, not so much. But that pina colada...
5	The food here is super delicious and the staff is always friendly! The enchiladas are spot on. I definitely recommend the pastor on pretty much anything. If you can, try to come in on Tuesdays. There are $1 tacos and 1/2 off margaritas. I had a mango margarita and it was the best one I have had by far. Tasted fresh and was almost too easy to drink! On top of that, the owner is really personable and really cares about his customers' experiences. Highly recommend Don Juan!
3	The food was good.  It was busy and service was slow because of that, but it was okay.  The chips are good (mas amigos).  I had a supreme quesadilla and it was good.
4	The boyfriend loves Mexican food so I figured we'd try a new place. The decor is very typical of a Mexican restaurant. The food is pretty good. I've had some excellent Mexican food (close to the border) so for Champaign-Urbana I'd say it's pretty good. As soon as you sit down they send over chips and salsa. The salsa is good but the chips were greasy. I much prefer the chips from Maize but at least these seemed to be made in house so that does make them a little better. They do have quite an extensive menu, I ordered the pollo (chicken) tequilla, YUMM. The chicken was perfectly cooked and deliciously seasoned. It comes with grilled onions, jalapenos, and avocado on top of the chicken, a small salad, and two sides of your choosing. I opted for the beans and grilled veggies, the veggies were delicious and the beans were pretty standard. But all of this food can be yours for the low low price of $10. I will easily get three meals out of this one dish. They did screw up and brought me rice instead of beans but as soon as he put the plate down he realized the mistake he brought me a side dish of beans. The boyfriend decided to go with a mushroom quesadilla which came with a small salad and for his sides he chose rice and beans. Since the quesadillas have a veggie option he asked if they could do just mushrooms and they sure did load it up. For an appetizer we ordered the bean and cheese nachos. The cheese sauce was pretty good, same beans that come as a side, and the same greasy nachos. I far prefer the nachos from Maize. Will likely not order those again. The service is great. We were one of 6 or so tables in there so it wasn't busy by any stretch but still respectable for a Sunday night. We had 3 different people come over and check on us. As soon as your water looked low they were very good about asking if you wanted a refill. The best part of this dinner is that I purchased one of the $10 vouchers on yelp that give you a $20 credit so the whole bill came to $14.22 including the voucher. All in all that's a great deal for two entrees and an appetizer. We will be back but will definitely get another voucher before we go.
5	Under the previous ownership, this was my favorite restaurant in C-U. It remains so under the new owners, who have changed the menu only slightly. It's not fancy; the food isn't nearly as exotic or sophisticated as what you get in high-end restaurants; and if you need a lot of veggies EVERY time you eat, this probably isn't the place for you. But I am not a sophisticated person, and my tastes are rather proletarian, and I LOVE this place!I grew up in Texas, and have loved Mexican food of all stripes--TexMex, New Mexican Mex (my favorite), food I ate in various parts of Mexico. I've always been extremely particular about Mexican food. For decades, friends (who grew up here, not close to our southern border) would recommend various local Mexican restaurants, and we would try them out, and they would be awful (in my opinion). But with this restaurant, we hit the jackpot.Don Juan's is great if you like plain, everyday Mexican food. Their tacos come in various incarnations (your choice), including "genuine" style with hot soft corn tortillas, cilantro, and onions. The homemade totopos are to die for. Their salsa--all three kinds--is wonderful and hot and authentic. I typically order a dinner that includes a couple of enchiladas, a taco, rice and beans (choice of black or pinto).The prices are quite low. If you don't order drinks, a couple can walk out only about $22 poorer (that includes a 25%-30% tip--I dearly hope you are a generous tipper); and chances are, you'll be carrying some of your dinner home with you in take-out containers the restaurant generously provides.
