3	Grade: CAverage food. Average prices. Average service. Average place.
4	Fat Jack's is a barbecue place. It is known for its barbecue. Last Friday night, I did not go for the barbecue. I went for a fish fry. No, that is not really true. I went for the Cajun Potato soup, but more on that later.Do not get me wrong about why I was at Fat Jack's. I love all types of barbecue. But this is Wisconsin and it was Friday night. Most of the Wisconsin population will go out for fish on Friday night, not all, but most do. We were with friends and the vote was for fish. Fat Jack's was close and we had not been there for some time. And our friends were never there, so we pulled into Fat Jack's.We all ordered the Friday Night Fish Fry. One thing I like about their Fish Fry is you can get their steak fries or their beans or Red Rice and Beans as a side. The four of us tried them all and all the sides were all good. The fish was done well with not too much batter, a trait I like in a Fish Fry. Their coleslaw is very good, but I would like more with my fish. Overall, Fat Jack's has a very good Wisconsin Friday Night Fish Fry.Now really why I was at Fat Jack's and that was for their Cajun Potato soup. It is just marvelous. I could just stop for the soup. It is spicy, but not overbearing. There are chunks of potato and the soup is thick, but not too thick. It has the color of toast that is not too dark. The taste is just great. Order a bowl and you will want more. The Cajun Potato soup is definitely five star.
4	How I love Fat Jacks!  I would give it 5 stars, but it really isn't in that upper echelon of BBQ restaurants (like Smoky Jons).ANYWAY, the food here is really good, and they have 2 house sauces.  A sweet and tangy milder sauce, and a spicier sauce that tastes kind of like old bay seasoning, or bay leaves or something.  I really like the spicier sauce, and I wish they sold it by the bottle.They have a good fish fry, their steaks and chicken are also good.  The ribs can sometimes be slightly tough, but that's not normally the case.I love the decor and the true air of "Wisconsin" from the staff to the usual patrons.  When I am there sitting in all that wood paneling, it's a nice cozy feeling.Go on sunday nights for the all you can eat BBQ chicken dinner for $7.50.  It's a total deal, and the people watching is awesome.
3	It had been years - but a friend and I recently went back for lunch. We both got the 'special' which really wasn't special. BBQ chicken on top if rice, with corn and some bread. Rice was good, but everything else was very blah. Kind of pricey too for a special and for lunch. I'll probably try again, but nothing from this visit is making me want to go back soon.
5	Awesome BBQ.
4	Yum
4	Loved it. We found it from my Yelp app on my iPhone while we were in Madison. Awesome ribs and my wife had the pulled pork sandwich and it was also really good. Ask the server for the hot BBQ sauce if you're a fan of spicy since they don't put it on the table.
2	Normally, their food and service is great.  However, we ate there on February 18th 2012 and had anything but, that!  We saw people who got there after us, being waited on like kings and got their food, drinks and their bill before us.  I ordered the half chicken (which was more like two small pieces of chicken) and in towards the bone, there was blood...BLOOD!  Not pink or even a smoke ring, blood.  Not cool.  They were busy (which is great) but they could not handle it.  Our server got our drinks and took our order, other than that, we never saw her again.  I was about to get up and ask another serer for our bill.  We will give them another chance, as we've eaten there many time before.  However, if the next visit is like this one, I will find another place to take my money!
1	Ate here last night.  Food was barely tolerable and the place was so dirty. Waitress stood in the middle is the dining area loudly babbling about movies for 10 minutes annoying everyone. Never  going back.
1	I ate here last week,  this was my first time to Fat Jack's and likely the last. The place is quite dingy and has this layer of dusty grime on everything, it is in need of one of those restaurant makeover shows. The wait staff was friendly but unprofessional and somewhat inattentive given that there were few other people there at the time. It is a windowless, dark, cave atmosphere and dimly lit. My food was Just OK and for a $10 sandwich they could have done allot better, it had zero flavor, but they provide home made BBQ sauces in those on-table, refillable squeeze bottles that never see a fridge or dishwasher. This place is in need of some serious updating in ALL areas.
4	I drove by this place many times...looking at the all-you-can-eat tue and thur meals.  Well I finally took the bait.  As I entered the place, I was surprised with amount of items on the walls...I thought it was in good taste, but I am sure others will find it tacky.  The food was above average but not the best I have ever had.  The chicken was smokey and moist...the ribs were good, but a few on the dry side.  Waitstaff very nice and attentive.  Great night...I'll be back.
5	i travel a lot and no matter what city i find myself in, i make sure to hit up a bbq spot at least once during the trip. each and every one of those visits are compared to my bbq gold standard, fat jack's in monona. i'm actually leaving on sunday for yet another trip and i can say, without fail, on bbq night, one of my travel buddies at the table will ask, "so... how'd it compare to fat jack's?"chances are my response will be something like, "it's good... but it ain't fat jack's!"
1	My dad and I went here thinking it would be a good place to try. The inside of the restaurant was unclean and tacky. Neither my dad nor I were impressed with the food. We both had ribs. There was very little BBQ sauce on the ribs, and while our food came out fast the quality was not great.
2	Anyone familiar with Sonny's BBQ (a southern chain) will immediately notice the similarity. This is not a good thing. Salad bar was ok. Not a lot of great variety.I had the 1/2 rack of ribs with slaw and fries. The slaw and fries were fine. Nothing special but not bad. The garlic bread, soaked in buttery garlic, also was fine. Probably the best part of the meal. The ribs, on the other hand, could use some work. First, they were covered in SO MUCH SAUCE, that I had to hold them up to let some drip off. Sauce should provide an accent to good BBQ, not be the BBQ.Second, the doneness of the meat varied across the ribs. One rib was fall of bone. Further down, it was closer to jerky. All in all, not a great BBQ experience.
5	I love this place!My son and I were driving back from the Wisconsin Dells and decided to pull off for lunch and we found Fat Jacks on my GPS.The outside of the place isn't very impressive, but some of the best bbq places I've ever been to have been dumps.  The inside is much nicer, decorated with local Wisconsin artifacts and pictures.  My favorite was the old beer bottle collection by the entrance.Anyway, we got sat and our waitress came over right away....super friendly and super nice lady.  We asked for a recommendation and she basically went over the whole menu and said everything was great, and after eating there, I believe her.I ordered the pulled pork lunch and my son got the fish fry.  When she brought over the plates, I knew we were in trouble...there was sooo much food! My son's fish was very good, not greasy but light and flaky.  My pork was excellent.  The waitress asked if we wanted a hotter bbq sauce, I love spicy, so she brought it.  Excellent!  Smokey, spicy flavor.  The sauces on the table were really good too.If you are looking for some good, casual, non-pretentious BBQ, Fat Jack's is the place for you!  Don't let the outside fool you, the inside is clean and the food is excellent and they give you a ton of it!
4	The BBQ sauce was excellent and the lunchtime portions were a good size. They serve just the meat and I had to add the sauce at the table which is fine for me. Service was quick and polite and we were in and out within 30 minutes of being seated. I am not crazy about the hickory smokiness of the neat but with the sauce it was a great meal.
5	Barbecue was top notch at this Madison area gem. The chicken and spare ribs were full of flavor as evidenced by the thick smoke ring. The sauces complimented the meat very well and the apple vinegar cole slaw was one of the best I've ever eaten. This will be on list of places to stop on my travels to Wisconsin.
5	Best BBQ in madison. The best night is Thursday. All you can eat chicken and ribs. Their coleslaw is the vinegar oil kind. Not creamy. I love it. Some of the staff has worked there for years - a nod to this awesome locally/family owned eatery.
2	Barely OK. Service was flat out terrible. It's always bad when your server throws another server under the bus for taking 5 minutes to get service after sitting down...not impressed. Service throughout the meal was extremely slow and it took 30 minutes to just get our food (for 2 people). The food is OK. Not even close to the best in Madison. The ribs were very dry and tough. The flavor of the rub was good however. The BBQ sauce on the table was also very good. Will not be going back.
1	Have been eating here for 25 years. It used to my favorite place for barbecue. I ordered a half rack of ribs and the bones were soft and tasted awful. The waitress took it back to the cook. The cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib. I won't be going back sad to say.
2	I got the all you can eat spare ribs and chicken.  I tried a chicken leg first and all I could taste was smoke.  The leg and thigh weren't that bad despite the heavy smoke.  The breast was dry.Next I tried the ribs.  They were tender,but for some reason they tasted like sausage.  Maybe they were smoked with sausage.The baked beans were pretty good.  They had a hint heat, which is good.The coleslaw is what hurt.  I could taste apple and it is vinegar based I believe, which I like, but it looked and tasted old. Bottom line is I've had better BBQ in the Madison area.
3	OK, BBQ sauces were pretty mild and brisket was dry. Service was goods and sides were tasty.
4	This past 4th of July, I hit  the Monona 4th of July Celebration in the Winnequah Park that a number of food kiosks set up. Not feeling in the mood for the typical brat, hot dog or hamburger selection, I decided on the offerings at the Fat Jack's table under the tent. They had jambalaya and a pork sandwich. The jambalaya was excellent, hot with heat and with the right amount of spice, with nice chunks of vegetables and meat. The pork had the black crust on the outside that you look for when you are looking for barbecue.  I was most happy, decided then and there to check out the restaurant. Dad and I went there for lunch. Dad got the special, which was chicken and meatballs over biscuits, and I got the combo lunch platter, where I chose the pork ribs and sliced pork with beans and cole slaw on the side. The cole slaw was homemade, as were the beans. The pork was delicious, needing only a small amount of the mild sauce to give it a little kick. Include with both meals was a large slice of crusty garlic bread. The place was very clean, including the bathrooms, without the sticky table syndrome that you get in some barbecue places. The iced tea was not chemical tasting and the waitress was attentive and pleasant. The only drawback was that the music was cranked a little loud, but all and all, a very pleasant place to have lunch if you are in the mood for barbecue. Apparently, they serve the jambalaya for their Wednesday special. We will be back.
5	In July 2013, I was staying at the Country Inn down the street, and figured I'd walk to dinner in the area. I had my heart set on another restaurant.THEN I SMELLED BARBECUE.I literally followed my nose, and ended up at Fat Jack's. I was traveling alone, and the experience was phenomenal. Good food and great staff. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but once inside, they have a ton of memorabilia around. I've been there several times since (I'm from Chicago, so I'm not up that often), but it is my go-to if I'm riding I-90 through the area.If you're feeling ambitious and/or want leftovers the next day, go for their sampler platter. It has all their barbecue and is more than enough for 2 meals. There's two different kinds of sauces on the table, mild and spicy. I went here last Friday, 8/1/14, with my boyfriend for lunch. As we got out of our car, an older gentleman told us how good it was. And right he was!I wish Fat Jack's was nearer so we could go more often!
4	In town for business, searching yelp and came across Fat Jacks. Gave me a hankering for some BBQ so decided to swing by.The inside has a cozy, down-home kind of feel that I really liked. My waitress was friendly and attentive. I had the sampler which included smoked beef, pulled pork, and spareribs (you can devise your own sampler) - and it was delicious.The food tastes like it was pulled fresh off a smoky campfire, just very 'authentic' for lack of a better word.... many BBQ places either have too little smoke or it tastes like it is doctored up with liquid smoke flavoring, but not Fat Jacks.They don't do much to the meat besides the smoking, it was very tender and they house BBQ sauce was a nice addition, but they leave that up to you. When it is served, the meat speaks for itself. The ribs do have some kind of seasoning applied, but they were very good as well.I would recommend to anyone in the area who is looking for some good BBQ.
3	Fat Jacks was one of my first post-college places that I frequented as it was a big favorite among the people that I worked with.  I love BBQ, particularly pulled pork and Fat Jack's delivered for several years as I rarely strayed away from their pork platter, which I usually took with garlic bread and fries.  Combine their mild sauce, which they warn you is in the biggest bottle, and a Dr. Pepper, which should be sold at all good BBQ places, and that was a terrific combination of tastes.   My friend at the time would complain if they moved from shredded to sliced pork, as they tended to bounce between the two, but I was usually a very satisfied customer. Fast forward 15 years.  I come back to Madison about twice a year and usually that includes a trip to Fat Jack's, which has probably become more for nostalgia than for the food.   My family and I went this summer and afterwards, I decided that it was time for me to write my first review. Fat Jack's totally has the look and feel of a Wisconsin styled supper club.  It's a log cabin interior with booths and tables.   They write their specials on a little white board that you see as you walk in, and as you look to the left, you'll see beer bottles from practically every Wisconsin micro brewery that you can think of, even ones that don't exist anymore.  The staff is friendly, though usually green with the turnover of kids that look high school and college ages.  They have cool Wisconsin paraphernalia all over the walls.  Before I write a novel, let me get to the food and drink.  They have spotted cow on tap.   That's a huge bonus.   The only complaint I'd have in that regard is that they serve it in tiny glasses, which I can take down in 3-4 sips.   I ordered my pork platter, which starts with a trip to the salad bar.  It's nothing to write home about, but a typical salad bar with fairly bland, uninteresting veggies that you can drown in dressing and sun flower seeds. It's a salad bar.  The fries are thick and tasty.  The garlic bread is not bad, but a little dry.   The pork itself was nice and tender in parts, but parts of it were overcooked, so I ended up eating about 80% of it.   I didn't have any soup, but typically their soups are very good.That's been my usual experience the last 5 years or so and after this last visit, I began to wonder if I should start thinking about other BBQ options from now on.  Famous Dave's may actually be better and I need to try Smoky John's.   My rating as a young graduate would probably be 5 stars.  Now that I've become a seasoned veteran of eating, I'm sad to do this, but I have to give it 3 stars.   If yelp had another half star I could give, I'd probably do that, but 4 stars is too much.
