4	I may have been full from a large dinner but how could I have passed up the strawberry cheese cake at Pekarna. This totally tantalizing cake and pastry cafe has all kinds of delicious sandwiches, desserts, platters, coffees, and teas. Their prices are reasonable especially for these great desserts. I completely recommend stopping in for a little bite.
5	I love this place. Everything is so savory, flavorful and wonderful!!I got an amazing iced mocha here!I also got an unbelievably deelish sandwich.They have beautiful looking desserts and gelato too.There is one more pekarna location but this one is in with an AMC Theater if you are looking for a movie to go with your sandwich or dessert...
3	Decent coffee and some great cakes and other pastries, but the service could be a bit better. I arrived mid-afternoon on a weekday, there were 5-6 customers and about a dozen empty tables, but every single empty table was littered with dirty dishes. It's location is also less than desirable, it's right near the main entrance of the mall and doesn't have a wall/door separating it from the public areas of the mall.
3	Seriously the best Red Velvet Cake in Montreal!Red Velvet Cake is a Southern specialty and not very well known in Montreal, it was a very popular cake in the 1950s. This is exactly the sort of cake you'd imagine Elizabeth Taylor indulging on in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof". Red Velvet Cake has only become popular in recent years due to 2 reasons: Jessica Simpson and Sex and the City which kicked off the whole Magnolia Bakery craze and cupcake crazeIt's not the real McCoy with 2 layers, cream cheese icing and crushed pecans on the side, but it'll do. Their other cakes like White Black Forest and Strawberry cheesecake are great. In fact they are a bakery also so you can order the cakes here as well.A great spot to come with a friend and chat over cake and coffee or spend some time before or after a film at the AMC. Service is kind of spotty and slow at times.
2	I used to love this place (the quality is very good but $2,00 for an inch wide cookie?) but today (and the previous time I visited as well) has me seeking other pastry shops for my cake fix. Bobby A. said service was kind of spotty - well today it was almost nonexistent. Another person and I both were waiting patiently at the pastry counter. A fellow behind the counter who had just finished serving someone else said that we had to go to the cash to get service. There is no sign to that effect anywhere - more on this later. The lines are not maintained (they ought to install a number system like almost all pastry shops have) and someone almost butted in ahead of us. While I am being served I suggest that a small sign might be a good idea. I get excuses and serious lip from the serving girl as to the fact that I should be the one to notice the lines at the cash and figure it out for myself. (WTF?) Pastries served and boxed it's back to the cash where I am told that I have to go to the other cash to swipe my card! The other cash was packed and I had to fight my way to the card reader. Then I get home to discover that she crammed 6 pastries into a box meant for 4 and one of the pastries was bone dry. So NOT going back.
1	This morning I made a huge mistake. I walked into Perkarna thinking coffee and a piece of cake, but ended up ordering a custard filled milles feuilles instead. I'll tell you quite honestly, that milles feuilles ruined my appetite. It was bland, soggy and if I didn't know any better, I would say it was stale. I used to enjoy Pekarna back in the day, but lately, everything seems a little off. I could point to the food as a sole factor, but it is even more than that. Maybe it is that Tim Hortons is right next door, cheaper and is sucking business from them? Too bad, I really used to like them, but I doubt I'll go back again.
2	Place is ALWAYS crowded, service slow, almost impossible to get a table. Pastry average, but the only place around the Atwater metro area for this.
2	Pekarna kills me.It had the potential to be amazing, but unfortunately, every single cake (except for the Strawberry Shortcake which is amazing) is horrible. And yes, I've tried them ALL. I keep having hope that I'll find something else that's good here, but it just keeps getting sadder and sadder.The gelato isn't even good..Neither are the little pastries...I've been here at least 20 times (work is nearby, and sometimes I pop in to buy a cake for an occasion or some pastries for breakfast), and unless I buy the strawberry shortcake, I always find myself really disappointed! *sad face*
4	Solid cake, pie and pastry selection. Decent italian style coffee. My favorite: euro soda and these little feta & ricotta puff pastry squares that are amazing!  Good for a post-dinner dessert and coffee in a sea of starbucks/tims in the area.
2	place to kill time before a movie or to quench a craving after one.its ok-ish. i had their signature cake (chocolate raspberry cake) which is not bad but found it a tad too sweet. service is decent. place is clean enough.in the end, its nothing memorable
3	the quality of the coffee depends on the person who makes it..sometimes its amazing,other times i cant even go through my cup,they make the best redvelevet and strawberry cakes but every thing else i got wasn't good at all
