5	Mike and the crew don't bullsh*t you, it's fair, up front and they don't waste time up-selling you on extra crap. You want shady service, go to Pep Boys or Sun Devil Auto.
5	I was looking for a place to get my struts replaced and one of my friends recommended Granite Reef Service Center.  Mike is a great guy and tells you exactly what you need and does try and sell you more than that.  The work was done on time, at the estimate quoted and was done well.  I would recommend this business to anyone and have already told a few people about my excellent experience.  Check them out, you won't be disappointed.
1	HORRIBLE place and experience. Mike and his crew just got done screwing me over for a 90K mile check. I actually brought in the 90K schedule for my car, which stated very clearly what to do, as well as told him what to do, and all he managed was about half, but still charged for everything. He didn't even change the oil!Now I have to get another 90K service somewhere else just to make up for all the things he decided weren't worth his time. I USED to take both of my cars there, but never again. GO ANYWHERE ELSE.
1	Scam, inflated prices, work not done on time. Good shops are hard to find, and if you want a good mechanic, keep looking, don't go here.Mike and the crew DO bullsh*t you! this place is dishonest! 300 bucks and 2 days for a part that is 50.00 and available in-stock at every auto-zone in the valley. And that is just the part, add another 300 for "labor".So, the work was not done on time and I was WAY overcharged. Some overcharging is OK and expected, but this is ridiculous.Have to hand it to them, these people are good actors.UPDATE: I was just doing some service on the car, and I discovered that nothing was ever replaced, so Granite Reef Service Center is a total scam. If this was discovered more recently, I'd call the police on these CRIMINALS. They charged me for work not done, and parts not installed.
5	When I first had a problem with my car I went to a National chain who not only obviously ripped me off but also tried to scam me with a 'front yard' scam job from an employee. So I came on Yelp and found the first review. So I took my car here instead. They did the job in the time they said they would and returned a part to me that I brought to them because the chain said I needed it. The next time I went, same great service and way less than I was told by the tow driver it would probably cost. So I took my car for a check up and again, great service done well and quickly. I have never been scammed and they are up front with everything so if you don't like what they tell you, you can take it else where. I would not be afraid to recommend them to anyone I know. I don't know where Kenny G. went but I've been here numerous times and they were done super fast and have never over charged me.
