4	Micheal's Arts & Crafts is dangerous to my wallet. It seems like every time I go there for something specific, I walk out with bags full of stuff I just couldn't live without...I am so glad that this isn't my neighborhood Micheal's because my spending would be even worse if it was! I usually shop at the location on Stephanie, but they were recently out of an item I wanted so I decided to swing by this location on my lunch break. Wow, it's so clean and well stocked!! I found all sorts of scrapbooking supplies my neighborhood Micheal's didn't have. Next time I need crafting supplies I may just drive a little further down the 215 and go to this location. The only thing that keeps me from giving Micheal's a 5 star rating is the fact that all coupons are sent via email now. I keep forgetting to print them out. I preferred when the coupons were in the advertising fliers at the front of the stores.
4	This is my local Michaels Store - I try to stop by anytime I'm in the Arroyo Crossing Shopping Center.  It's your typical arts and crafts store, although not as fabric-oriented or as large as a Jo-Ann Fabric & Craft Stores.They recently reorganized this store - it looks like they were trying to expand or organize their scrapbooking section.  (Something I do appreciate since I'm a scrapper.)They also reorganized the register lines - it's now one line that snakes around and you wait for the next available register.  Although it's clear that this is their new attempt (and the signage says "Please wait here for the next available cashier."), I don't get why customers still try to line up for each individual cash register.  Old habits are hard to break I guess.They have weekly events going on - some specific for children too.  Classes are available at this location as well for baking and other related crafts.    Customer service varies - some days there are employees everywhere and other days there is only one person at the register and a long line.  I think they are still trying to figure out when their rush is.They do accept competitor coupons, which is a huge plus! 3.5 stars
3	Pretty much has everything one needs for arts & crafts. I often find myself going here to just look around to see what kind of fun stuff they have that will hopefully inspire me to make something. It's located in the Arroyo Shopping Center, next to the Ross & TJ Max. Parking is decent and the store is never too busy. They also often have great sales. I usually take advantage of their 50% frames sale. It's also a pretty new store - so it's cleaner than a lot of the other Michaels that I go to. So go, explore, have fun, and make me something crafty [because I suck at doing arts & crafts. =p] !
4	I married a crafty woman. Because of her, I've also developed my own crafty side. Other men may not want to admit that they've seen the inside of many a craft store, I am not that kind of man. This Michael's is pretty conveniently located near our home. It is also in a shopping center with other delightful stores, but we never really seem to hit those other places up. To me this Michael's is a bit on the small side. However, it carries all the same products as other Michael's stores, and has a friendly staff. This location also offers classes for both adults and children ranging from crafts to cake decoration. This store is also very new, and stays pretty clean. The staff also keep it well organized. Now, I don't always need to go to craft stores, but when I do I go to Michael's...or whichever store the wifey prefers. :-D
3	There are some positives and negatives to Michael's. A few good things are they have a ton of stuff, you can find some great bargains and good pricing. A few negatives are that they cram the aisles so close, and some of the stuff feels or seems cheap in quality (I'm sure to keep prices lower). Here are some items I get from Michael's and feel good about the prices and the quality: holiday decor - Halloween and Christmas specifically some scrap-booking supplies like adhesives, empty albums, album sheets, card stock, sticker letters... kids craft supplies acrylic paint (not the good stuff, just poster paint) I love their 40% off coupon, it definitely helps keep the bill low. I can't seem to walk out of here without spending at least $50! I do have to give this location props for their store. It's usually quite clean an organized, and the employees are helpful.
4	Lightings dimmer but sidewalk sale is definitely an eye catcher. Wish they would accept more than one per customer of those 40% off coupons though
3	I'm sad that there are so few good craft places around town but it's nice that this is in such a convenient shopping center. The staff is sometimes friendly and sometimes weird. The selection is great but whenever they do a floor move, I get really confused. I love that there are always coupons online. I got a lot of great stuff for my friend's bachelorette party, for making invitations, and for scrapbooking here. If you're wanting to make something creative, definitely make this your first stop.
1	go to another one, lines are super long, we were like 10 deep during lunchtime & only 2 cashiers. one of which was dealing with an exchange. then the other lady, figured she needed to go help someone, and left her register. I wanted to kick her.asked another employee where something was, without acknowledging me, smiling, nor looking up he told me where it was like I was bothering him....there's a reason this one is the lowest rated out of the others in town. I was praying for a customer survey on  my receipt.
2	Walking into this Michael's is like walking into the lair of a hoarder.  Each aisle is packed, PACKED with shelves filled with crafty crap.  The effect is suffocating and overwhelming. No store needs this much stuff!They do have a good framing department.  The "discounts" on framing, however, seem to be a permanent thing -- don't get swept away just because they're offering 70% off.  It's always 60-70% off.
2	I'm a big time crafter which means I am always at michaels considering there isn't much of choice unless I want to drive super far! Anywho customer service is a big deal to me and this place is missing it. No matter what time or day you go to this place there is never enough people working. The line is consistently long along with finding help in this store is very difficult.
3	Very disappointed I walked around for at least 10 minutes looking for someone to help me but never found anyone...:( Needless to say I walked out with nothing..
4	One of the very few Michaels left in the valley. I believe there are only 3 Michaels craft stores in Las Vegas, which blows my mind. I have no idea why there aren't more. None of the locations are very convenient for me as they are all a pretty far drive from where I live. This one is tucked into a shopping center off Rainbow and the 215. Michaels has a lot to offer in regards to crafting and painting, etc. You can really get lost in this place looking for a specific item and then become intrigued by other crafty supplies. I went here specifically for watercolor paint which I am using to make decorations for my wedding. I ended up finding a few other items that I did not specifically need at the time, but I figured I'd buy them right then anyway to save myself another trip.The store is a bit crowded, the aisles are somewhat small. I think they're trying to cram too much stuff into a small space. For instance, Hobby Lobby has a very big space, and probably just as much stuff as this Michaels, but it is easier to get around Hobby Lobby.All in all this a good place to get your craftiness on. They also offer discounts via email, and you can find newspaper discount sometimes too. It's also always worth it to check out the clearance section.
4	This is just a review of their Wilton cake decorating classes. I've had Kim and Daci as instructors and they are both quite wonderful. The class was a lot of fun and the time flew by really quickly. One thing they don't mention is that it does take some prep time to get the icing, cake, etc ready before class so if you don't have any spare time then don't do it. You do have to buy a lot of supplies, but a lot of the supplies you buy you will be using for the rest of your life. Wilton has amazing products and luckily Michael's always has great coupons. It was getting a bit hard for me to lug things back and forth being 7 months preggo at the time, but it was definitely a fun time. You get to meet a lot of amazing people too.  I know I will be using the things that I've learned in class to make awesome cakes and treats!As far as the store itself goes, there is always limited customer service, but it's worth the wait especially if you have a coupon!
4	This is a great Michael's. It's huge and always fully stocked and always clean. There are never any lines. This store is so big and they have such a huge selection on everything. This is a great location to buy things for your kids or even gifts for kids birthday parties.
4	It's touch and go here in terms of service and product quality.I come here for fine art supplies - frequently... Check, double-check, any canvas, paper, or paint tubes. Several times I was in a hurry and got home to find something broken. Ex: canvas' wood frame had been dropped and broken - torn canvas / tube of paint had been punctured / loose (expensive) watercolor paper with torn edges or just poorly put into the teeny slots - unorganized/miscategorized - paper folded in half.I gave them 4 stars because I keep my receipts and never had an issue exchanging or returning.The staff in the fine art department are not knowledgable and will fudge advice. Don't waste your time asking questions unless you're just looking for where something is.
2	Everytime I go to this location there is always one cashier and the wait time is too long. There was a time when I was the first person in line and five people behind me, there was one cashier talking to who I thought was a customer. I was in clear view of the cashier, there was a co-worker who was also talking to the cashier who then left and headed in my direction. He did not say one word to the cashier about the line and did not open a new register. About 5 mins later the cashier decides to ask "are you ready", I came up to the register and it turns out that the person who I thought was a customer was another CASHIER!!!!
2	I'm not a crafty person but I go to Michael's to buy favors when I throw a party, to buy frames and to shop for holiday merchandise. This is your average Michael's and it's usually well stocked. However, this places is absolutely maddening to shop in because no matter when you go, the lines to check out are absolutely insane! And they NEVER have more than ONE register open! What is wrong with these people? I always see plenty of employees rambling about, but there's always just one poor person stuck at the lone register. I have turned around and walked out of the store on several occasions because the line was so long. I now shop at another craft store because it doesn't take me 45 minutes to check out. This is a big problem; I hope management will read and react to some of these Yelp reviews.
3	I visit this store for very specific reasons, mostly around the holidays when I need to make gift baskets. And that is what this store is for. Arts and crafts. I have been able to get some really great deals. Especially before Christmas when they have they have their sales and start marking down all their Christmas items. Staff is always friendly, store is always clean.
2	Service is very slow and every time I've been here there's only 2 cashiers MAX, usually just one. Although, IF you CAN get one on one service they are friendly and helpful.
4	I feel like any rating over a 4 would subtract from my manhood (Just Kidding!)I come here mainly for poster/picture frames.  This place gets the job done when it comes to my needs every 6 months or so.  Sometimes the sales are confusing (40% off only certain brands, but the tags seem to be everywhere) but everything always looks good on my wall.Staff member was very helpful today and recommended a shadow box for a golf flag I want to frame. (the thickness makes it hard to frame)  He even told me about their custom frame shop in case I wanted something with better dimensions.
4	I'm an Artist, Muralist, artsy fartsy craftsy kinda chick. I don't scrapbook or make jewelry, but use the items for mixed media designs. I spend way too much money even with my silly 40% off 1 item coupons. I like them when I buy canvas or expensive items. But generally I wind up blowing my hubby's hard earned $$ way too often. LoL. Like many others... The lines are always 4-5 people deep & the ONE (1) cashier isn't the quickest. The clearance aisle is always bittersweet...too much crap in too small of a place piled on top of each other. The worst part is when you think you found a bargain and its because some lunkhead dumped off something they changed their mind on. It sucks when I find something I truly want and there are only 3 left at an amazing price. If Hobby Lobby was closer... Michaels might have me on the fence.
5	I come here to wonder around what my next project should be.Photography related? A painting? Something with paper? Well, Michael's gotssss everything that you need. You know how people go to Target and they have a route to check out every aisle? So do I here. Check the paint section, frames, paper, articial flowers and then clearance. What I love about Michael's is that they have sales all the time. Sometimes it's buy one get one free or 50% same item. It's a hit or miss. Well, for me, it's always a hit!Don't come during the weekend. It gets full of grandmas and stay at home moms. Come during the middle of the week. Late afternoon or night.
5	Glenda is a ROCKSTAR and I don't mean the energy drink. Here's the story: It's the last day for the 50% off sale on the 7.5' Christmas tree I wanted and it was sold out at this location! I asked the cashier if they can do a rain check (I don't think he knew what that meant), and they couldn't. But Glenda told him to call another store for availability.   After several phone calls to a specific store with long holding times, and a couple of hangups, the cashier didn't get anywhere. That's when Glenda took charge, called the store, asked for the Manager on Duty, explained the service level from their staff, and then asked if she could honor the price for me the next day since I was waiting for a long time. Done... and that's what I'm talking about. Glenda is someone that gets things done and makes sure the customer is happy. Besides this interaction, I go to Michael's once in a while to grab random things to decorate the house with or supplies for a project. They always have what I'm looking for and the staff is relatively friendly. I've even had custom framing done and the first time I got it back, it was wonky, but they got it right the second time. During the holidays the lines can be up to a 30 minute wait but I guess that's the holidays for you.
1	Poor customer service.I went to Michaels buy metallic markers. They were behind glass and there was not a single employee to be found. After. Quite some time, I had to go to another department to have someone paged over.We they finally came, opened the case, and found my marker, the lady held it up at me as if to hand it to me. When I tried to take it. She didn't let go. She then rudely told me I had to get them at the front. Keep in mind, I'm a grown lady and not some young thug. Never the less,  her tone and look made me feel like a common criminal.I will never come to this Michaels again!
1	This has got to be the worst customer service experience I've ever had...and seeing the other reviews on here I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. We came in to return a frame. There was a pretty long line and only 2 checkouts open. We went to to customer service desk, which is where you have to go in most stores for returns. The two "customer service" representatives at the registers didn't acknowledge us at all. No "you need to get in line to check return", not even any eye contact. I left to find another employee to ask. I asked if we were supposed to get in the regular check out line to return. He said "yes". I was perfectly polite, but I said "it might not be a bad idea to get the checkers to tell the people in the customer service line that they need to join the regular line". He said, "well any of our employees can help you". I informed him that we'd stood there for 5 minutes and no one even spoke to us. His response was, "well, you have to get in the regular line at most stores for returns. It's the same here." I just thanked him and walked away. Michael's might be the closest craft store to me, but it's not the only store in Las Vegas, and I'd drive further to get some kind of decent service. That's the last of my business you'll get, and from the looks of the other reviews on here I'm not the only person who feels that way.
3	Always understaffed. No salespeople on the floor, long lines...stopped in at end of Sept - it isn't even the holiday season yet - lines were long and no one available to help except the manager who was stuck ringing up orders and answering questions between customers trying to pay for their goods. I'm adding a star only because they seem to always have what I want...if I can find it on my own, that is!
4	This is the closest Michaels near my home.It is mostly dead, specially at night. I do prefer coming here at night though, since there are almost no lines. During the day time, it can get a little bit busy, that's not good when the majority of the time there's only one cashier working, but they do call for a back up cashier when that starts happening.Saturday mornings they offer kids craft classes for only $2 each and 30 minutes long. It's an inexpensive way for kids to do something fun and productive. My boys beg to come here Saturday's.
