4	Enjoy being able to park and walk inside the store without having to make the long trek in a mall. This store is just the right size, has plenty of parking and we found no one shopping. We had just lost our microwave and they are having a big sale. Once we found the one we wanted, good price at that, found the salesman only to be told it was on back order for three weeks! We were disappointed, but none the less, we eventually found a new one just as good a choice as our first one. I like shopping for clothes here, they always have big discounts, the best time and prices are with the season changes, as they bring the spring stuff after the holidays, the winter items will be deeply discounted, I have found many wonder items, for next to nothing price wise, so save some of your holiday money for the sales.
4	Easy parking availability and access to the store. I went straight to the shoe department, and to my liking, I see plenty of good sales on boots. Because of the excitement, I forgot to get a cart, but a kind sales floor lady went ahead and bought me a cart from the front to the shoe department where I was located. I then went to the kids department, where I found good prices and styles of clothing and a good selection of accessories.As for the checkout, it wasn't a long wait and the cashier was pretty friendly and signed me up for the reward program. She mention about doing a survey online about her performance and I just did it last night because she had told me that every Tuesday they have a review with the staff and she had hope that she could have a 5 star rating for the holidays... That was my gift to her ;)
4	This is my favorite Sears store.  Here's why:- It's clean.  Items are always kept organized and I can find my way around the store.- It's never busy.  I predicted that this store would close years ago....obviously I'm wrong.  I don't understand how they can stay open with the lack of business they have......oh well, it just means I can shop in peace....perfect!- The electronics selection.  I've found some great deals on TV's and home audio here.  I recently bought a DVD player for $29 and it works great.- Clothing selection.  When I'm looking for cheap T-shirts or pullover sweatshirts....basically, stuff I wear when I'm bumming around the house, I like to stop by here to check out their clearance rack.  I don't believe in spending a lot of money on those kinds of clothes and this store has some great deals from time to time.Overall, it's a pleasant shopping experience from end to end.Return Factor - 80%
4	Grrrreat selection and prices on shoes for my girl clown feet.  Friendly service. It's always empty when I shop here, I hope they don't close down.
1	So let me start off be saying when you set an expectation to the customer it must be met otherwise you lose faith and confidence which grows into anger then hostility.          My wife and I was out shopping on 3/18/11, at the Sears Grand at 4355 Grand Canyon Dr. in Las Vegas. At first she didn't want to go into the Sears because I would want toys. She wanted clothes, so I took her to Target first then we went to Sears(her reluctant). I didn't intend on buying any major purchase. With the lawaway plan we thought it would be a good idea. What a bad choice I made. During the process of deciding what to do I asked the salesman(or otherwise known as con-artist) this question; "Will I be charged every time I make a payment?" he said no. How did a TV without a Wall mount kit that cost $809.99 end up costing me $1136.42. initial lawaway $10delivery fee $ 69.99 (absolutely ridiculous)  out of area tax 8.100% $66.42(out of area I live down the street, another problem)deposit -$200 bal $936.39 I didn't have a calculator readily availible, my phone was dying.I trusted Sears (my mistake).I agreed with him when he showed me on the screen 6 payments biweekly at $144. The amount didn't change until I signed everything. The con-artist never showed me the amount changed. So I didn't notice it till I was home and saw the new amount. He spent about 5 seconds showing the next payment due and amount(I didn't realize the amount changed).    I tried calling the store they were closed. 3-183-19 I called and asked to talk to a manager. A woman with an accent answered, I explained the problem she said it was my fault and if I wanted to return it would cost me ( less then day later almost $200) even though the saleman lied. She ended up yelling at me. She mentioned she is not the manager, I responded that I was asking for a manager. She then replied of that department. Whom ever she is shouldn't be yelling at the customers. She never even acknowledged how upset I was. Definately shouldn't be in direct contact with customers you want to keep, and especially if you want to be in business in 20 years.  I called your national hotline and spoke to Crystal agent #250525. She said to give 48 hours for the store manager to call. The store manager never called, BIG Surprise. Here are the major turning points:1.  "Will I be charged every time I make a payment?" he said no.  ----The crook should have been honest. I problably would have still agreed. That should be MY decision not his or Sears. 2. I agreed with him when he showed me on the screen 6 payments biweekly at $144. ----No excuse, should be against any upstanding corporate policy. 3. She said it was my fault and if I wanted to return it would cost me ( less then day later almost $200) even though the saleman lied. She ended up yelling at me.----Really, no wonder the Ihatesears.com exist. 4. The store manager never called as promised. ----You lost my faith and confidence. Even though this is all a pretty bad way to treat a customer, the worst part is my wife left the store thinking that she might what to make it her store of choice after reviewing the rewards program.  Since then:I changed my fiances and will pay off this coming week; we will see how the delivery goes. I can't wait to see what goes wrong.  Normally I am a happy go-lucky type except when things go from bad to worst, ie yelling at me, when I am venting.I am working with the Sears Customer Relations department, and I will keep this updated.
4	Sears just followed thru on their promise. I received the gift card they promised. I am sure the wife is excited, she gets to go shopping!More importantly, Sears updated my TV model without charging me more, refunded my delivery fee, even though the tv already had 10% off they gave an additional 10%. Which made my omni-directional stand nearly free since it was also on sale. Normally close to $300. The reason I am giving a 4, is not because of what I got: **Every company will have problems from time to time.** Dispite all the issues that arose, they kept in contact, everytime a new problem arose they tried to resolve in a 24 - 48 hours.
1	My daughter and I came here looking for furniture and items for her new apartment and we got a little sidetracked at the exercise equipment department. She'd been considering buying a treadmill, too, so she chose one to try out and found that it was "locked". A salesman wandered by and asked if she was interested in buying - she said, possibly so, so he unlocked the treadmill. After trying it and thanking him, he then told her to "come back when she was ready to buy", in an "I'm not taking you seriously" kind of manner. Not once was he the least bit friendly or did he even crack a smile. That is the last time we will visit that particular store. Poor customer service or was he just having a bad day (although the store had just opened and there was no one else around!)? Never again!
4	I have been coming to the Auto Center for my oil changes for over a year now.Aaron has checked my car in a few times now and has been very prompt each time.  I cringe when I have to hand over my keys to a complete stranger as they drive my into a garage where only "mechanics are allowed" and hope that they don't emerge half an hour later with a list of things wrong with the car. But the Sears Auto Center puts my worries at ease.  They have a little window next to the waiting area where you can see your car being serviced. I go in for an oil change but I get a full check up. I even saw the mechanic check the tire pressure. Something I've never done myself since I've owned my car. One recent oil change they informed me that I needed a new air filter. It was a simple fix that upon replacement had my car running a smoother. They also brought out the old piece to show me so I can see that they actually replaced it.I love this location because it's rarely ever busy and you don't have to bother parking in a mall. The wait time for an oil change can range from 15 minutes on a weekday to 25 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.To pass the time you can walk around Sears and check out the electronics, tools, clothing section. The selection on retail items though are limited. I was shopping around for a CD player for the car and they only had a few models to choose from.Oil change prices range from $29.99 - $59.99. They also offer a complimentary brake inspection. This Sears Auto Center has integrity, knowledgeable staff, and speedy service.
2	Have you tried to find a kitchen wall clock recently?  After I exhausted BB & B's supply in brushed nickel - all three bought and returned for three different reasons, I went to JCP because I had a large credit there.  No clocks.  Then, while in the shopping center, I said "Aha," Sears will have wall clocks.  Was I ever wrong.There were no clocks.  There was no more Lands' End.  There were no customers.  After the brightness of Penney's, there was no store lighting.  I felt as if I were in a ghost town.  I know Sears has been mired in retailing hell recently, and this store is a testament to why.  The only good thing I can say about it is that parking is great!
3	I usually come here because a special priced item brings me.  I've purchased a TV here with the 10% difference.  I go to the auto center to get my cars aligned as well.The last time I was here, I was here looking for a chain break tool.  They did not have it there, but customer service was excellent.  I have had consistent experiences with their customer service and they certainly do a good job at it.
2	I''ve been to this store twice and have been unable to get what I wanted.  It was difficult trying to find staff to ask a question.  There are so many other places that are stocked with many more things.  There's also the little thing called the internet.  There's really no reason to waste my time here anymore!\And this is a Sears Grand?  That's surely misnamed!
4	We used to live closer to this Sears Grand.  I didn't even know what a Sears Grand was.  Think of it like a a Sears and Kmart put together.  They have food, clothes, jewelry, power tools, furniture, and eye glasses.  I know what you are thinking, wow, that's pretty grand.  Overall it is breathe of fresh air.  You get so used to going into a Wal Mart or Target.  Like I said earlier we used to live closer.  Now when we go it kind of a drive.  We were on a mission last time we went to look for some cube containers for the living room.  The ones you can sit on.  Well, we didn't find them but we did find a cool cube bookshelf.  It was labor day weekend so it was on sale.  We were just about to driver to CA and go to IKEA to get and expendit bookshelf and spend more than what this bookshelf was.  What a great find!  Of course it wasn't in stock so we had to wait a week to go pick it up.  Overall I like this place because they always have these little deals going on.  I also picked up a craftsman cordless multi tool.  Don't forget to sign up for their rewards program.  Cheers!
5	We were on a hunt for a washer/dryer and came here without considering the Kenmore brand.  We had our minds set on an LG.  A sales clerk informed us that the Kenmore washer/dryer on display is just like the LG only the Kenmore name is stamped on it and it was on sale for less than $900 each compared to the LG which was $1200 each.  After contemplating, and shopping at other locations for the LG brand we decided to go with the Kenmore.  We spoke to other sales associates from other retailers and was told the Kenmore is what they would recommend.  Back to Sears we went and spoke to the sales associate again to make sure we were making the right decision and made the  purchase on the Kenmore washer and dryer.  Our sales associate was, Tom, and he was pretty helpful.  Upon checkout, he was offering us more discounts on top of the sale price which was a plus.  We explained to him that we are in desperate need of the washer so he was able to push our delivery date sooner than expected, however, the dryer is set for a later date but that's okay.  He was nice enough to make that change which I'm very grateful for.  The only downfall to this store is that my husband wasn't able to find the tool set he wanted.  They were on display but not in stock.  Also, we wanted to buy a rug doctor which the website stated they had it in stock but they didn't even carry it in store.  We would have to order it online.  The nice part is that they carry clothing, shoes, home appliances, electronics, home decor, furniture, cleaning supplies, food, and more.  They also have an optical office as well as an auto center.  Their checkout lines aren't as long as Wal-mart.  They also do price match and price guarantee.  Parking is easy.
1	Was sold a microwave.  Came in two weeks later and it was too large.  Guys never even took it out of the box.  Was told we would be credited and then we proceeded to buy a second microwave.  Installers punctured it with an additional screw and it cut my cleaning lady's hand.  Immediately called Sears and installers.  They came and took it away.  Never credited our account, the account accrued finance charges, late fees. . .  Five months later it appears the microwaves were credited, but the installation charges were not and the late fees and finance charges are still accruing- almost $400.00.  We've called the store numerous times and have been assured all is taken care of and it never is.  Have Citibank calling on the past due Sears card eight times a day for the past six weeks.  Spoken with assistant manager, bc the manager Marrietta is evading our calls.  Funny how one employee says she is on a conference call, another says she has stepped away from her office and the next says she did not come in that day all within a 15 minute call.  WORST customer service.  Have purchased every piece of appliance in my home from Sears.  Will never shop there ever again.  Ended up purchasing the right size microwave from Lowe's.  Hassle free and was the easiest experience.  Highly recommend Lowe's on Washington and Buffalo.  Will have to see what happens with the account.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE! I called Sears and made an appointment to repair my washer. They gave me a time frame from 8am-12pm for the technician to arrive! At 8am on the dot I open up my front door and park myself in front of the door. By 10:30am nothing... I call sears consumer service line to check the status of his arrival and they tell me he is in route and they will tell the driver to give me a call and give me a more accurate time frame.... (I never got a call) and driver never showed!! I call back at 12:10pm and speak with another representative who then tells me that the driver apparently went to the wrong residence. And they will redirect him back to my residence and my new time frame will now be between 1pm-5pm!! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME!!! I've been waiting since 8am and now you're asking me to hang tight for another 4 hours because you guys messed up!!!! I'm currently waiting for the technician to arrive for the 2nd time and also just recently called again to insure that he has the correct address and my phone number for him to call me and give me a more accurate time frame. (I have not yet heard from him) We shall see what happens but it doesn't look promising! ALSO please know that I will never purchase any electronics form Sears because I know now if it breaks or needs repair I won't be able to depend on Sears to repair it even thought I paid for a warranty.
3	I went here too get new garage door opener for my house. Not make great first impression that for sure. I had too grab salesmen in another section too answer questions and get service. Interesting think that this Sears never really that busy so figure be like car lot salesmen checking up once see you standing in one spot. Anyway I hunt down salesperson the experience got much better. One gentlemen directed me too another salesperson in right section but then she directed me too another person. At the end got the right person knowledgable about his section and answered all my questions professional manner (honest asked about two different brands Sears carried Craftsmen and Genie) not push the higher price tag either way. So after rough start say that if looking for garage door opener Sears good place too check out.
1	This store has to be the worst store with worst employees! I always shop at Amazon or Overstock but, I wanted to help the local store and shop here but, it was a mistake! I regret it so much I had to put it on here at yelp. No wonder Sears are on there last leg! The people there deserve to be laid off!!!
1	Customer Service is poor. This was my first time at this store and probably my last. I pre purchased items on line and thought it would be a quick stop to pick them up. Upon arrival there was no one at the customer service desk. A customer that was waiting informed me there is a kiosk you scan your receipt, which I didn't have a paper copy of (save the trees). At this time an employee came out, I asked him about using the kiosk. No help! He told me its ok I didn't need to, he asked me my name and went in the back. After he came back out and said nothing to me, I tried to scan the bar code on the email via phone..doesn't work. I then asked him if I can enter the # manually, he said no, and tells me to wait until another employee comes out and tell him, apparently this guy only worked "security". There was 3 people in front of me, the guy I apparently needed to talk to comes out to one customer and said her order wasn't there. The next guy had already been waiting 45 mins, they then come out with only one of the two things he purchased, (poor guy was still there when I left). Finally I get the guys attention and he instructs me to put my order in MANUALLY! Gee thanks other guy, mind you I should be smarter then that, but I've never done this before. Anyways after waiting about 45 mins the guy tells me my order wasn't there...umm what? I show him the email confirmation the order was ready. He mumbles something how he is supposed to be off work already, sorry not my problem! So after this long review, yes I finally got my items, they were in the wrong spot, again not my problem. Then one of the employees drops my wrench set on the ground, Thanks! Best part was hearing the  guy outside screaming at his wife on the phone, apparently she came to pick him up but left because he was taking too long to get off work.
3	This is the biggest Sears I've been to. The thing I like most about this place is that their clearance items are really good deals.If you are looking for home appliances or workout equipment, this place has a lot to choose from. They also have a grocery section. This Sears is sort of like a one stop shop.
4	Sears Grand, thank you for saving me from mall hell. If you liked the Sears of old which was usually stuck on the end of some archaic 1950's style barely hanging on for dear life mall then you won't like Sears Grand. And if you're looking for a WalMart competitor you won't like Sears Grand. But if you want a modest selection of clothes, a nicely sized electronics department (albeit staffed by a clueless kid who wouldn't know a plasma from an old tube style TV), a well stocked Craftsman tool area, and an overpriced and small grocery section this is the place for you. The jewelry counter is staffed by friendly staff who know their stuff and provide service with a smile. The two people who helped me in the tools section were knowledgeable, and if you know your prices there are deals to be had here. There's also a lot of stuff that is way overpriced. Buyer Beware!Overall...I still like this place and will come back. 4 Stars. 1st Tip: Don't buy appliances here without checking out the Sears Outlet over on Eastern Ave. first. If you don't mind having a not quite perfect appliance you can save hundreds of dollars. 2nd Tip: Checkout can be painfully slow. 3rd Tip: When you walk in the door grab a sales flyer...chances are it has a coupon in it for a percentage off your purchase or some other kind of helpful deal.
2	This place is a last resort if I need something. There never seems to be anyone shopping in there but somehow every time I'm waiting forever on a line. They seem to hire the slowest cashiers that look like they are being tortured just working there. I honestly don't know how this place is still in business. They also do not have a great selection on most items.
4	Went to Sears the other day. My fridge broke. So I was due for a new one ASAP. As I found the appliance section, a gentleman by the name of Marcus greeted me and asked if I needed help with anything. I handed him over the paper I had printed out from a fridge I found online on their website. He brought me over to that fridge and it ended up being way smaller than I was hoping for. No wonder it was so cheap... He than asked what kind of fridge I was looking for and if I lived in a condo or home. He than suggested the fridge that was next to the little one that this was the normal/standard size fridge. It was $100 more but it was what I needed. I called my mom to let her know I found a Kenmore fridge and she told me kenmore motors are known to be loud when they're running so I should check that out. Marcus without hesitation turned on the fridge for me and even let me know that the fridge next to the Kenmore I decided to pick, the motor was loud and his previous customers returned it. I appreciate the honesty. After that was done we proceeded to ring up. When ringing up he waived the $9.99 8a-12pm delivery fee. Wish he could've waived the $15 haul-away fee too! Oh well. Everything was quick and easy, but I pretty much knew exactly what I wanted so, that helped.
3	Prices are actually pretty great compared to JCP right up the road.   The quality is great, but the overall area is kind of dead.  Not many people there.Almost your one-stop shop for everything but groceries.   It looks like it used to be a K-mart or something since it has everything that K-mart does (and Sears bought them) but there was a complete section that they almost just threw in (luggage, and fine jewelry).The watch repair guy is awesome.   I highly recommend him and he does a great job, and does it quickly.   The cashiers, not so much.   Scanned the wrong coupon and then told us that they couldn't back out of it.  Never heard of a manager override?  Ugh.I actually like this place for the prices, but the people that work there (with a few exceptions) could be better.
1	no stars....we have been buying from sears for over 30 years. this is the last purchased i will ever make from sears....i purchased appliances from this store, delivered to my house the next day. the sales associate told me no interest no payment for 1 year and i would be mailed a statement when due i have never reviewed any statements. they had the wrong address. i have  identity they on my credit, come to find out sears has been reporting delinquencies on my credit. after being transferred to 4 people every time (4)  i've tried to resolve the issue sears will not take responsibility for their actions and mistakes so i have to come out of pocket over $100 all because sears made the mistake. so consumers, if you want to purchase from a shark at sears by all means. all i asked was for sears to take the blame and credit me back the fees accrued through their mistake. the rep made it personal " this is all i'm doing for you"  which was crediting me for 1 late fee for 6 months of mistakes., don't buy from sears,, and if you chose, make sure you know the terms because sears will not take responsibility for any thing pertaining to your account.
4	Luckily I wasn't one that had a bad experience here after reading the reviews but let me just tell you that my family and I have been loyal Sears customers for decades. Came here to browse the selections for household items and was surprised with what we ended up going home with due to the amount of great deals we encountered. Bought a sleek convectional oven from Black & Decker for $60. Kenmore 10pc stainless steel pots and pans for $70. A Dyson Animal DC50 vacuum for $379 (original price over $500 at places like Target or Kohl's). An induction cooktop from GE for $170 (saved about 80% with this one) and a 65" Samsung LED TV with Smart TV and 3D options; 240hz (Samsung has a fixed price on TVs universally).Everyone in every department was also helpful with the purchases we made without any feeling of being hustled at even though they are a commission based store. Knocked down a star since the people answering the phones seems to not be as qualified as the ones on the floor and could use a little extra training on customer service. Other than that, I was pretty surprised with the deals. Always was.
4	I like the way this store is set up but I can't stand rude staff on an occasion. Last time I went I felt not wanted. I contacted corporate & I have a 10% coupon that I need to use. When I Do it'll probably be online & pick it up even though again, Crappy service in the back sometimes.  I love Sears always have.. Sign up for free membership & see what Delightful things they send you.  I like the points systems & app.I will admit if you compare prices else where the quality is always better here. I tend to shop around first then check sears last because it's pricey.  I LOVE things on clearence. Best results ate in store but the selection teens to be better online.
5	Love the convenience of this stand alone Sears. You can park by the door, walk in and shop without having to fight the mall crowds!If you order something on line you can have it delivered to the store for pick up at no charge, and if you want warranty on what you've purchased they offer it on most big ticket items!
