3	I walked around looking for familiar products so I could compare prices and Pet Club's prices were higher than Petsmart and Petco on everything I compared. I found Avoderm dog food that Petco has recently stopped selling so I went ahead and bought a bag.I also bought an 8 oz box of Canidae Snap-Bits treats. Unfortunately, I did not notice until I got home and mixed the treats into Peekaboo's treat container that the box is stamped "best before 4/10/13". THAT'S TODAY!!!! I called and the lady who answered checked the other boxes on the shelf. They all have the same expiration date. NOT GOOOOOOD!Someboody has some fixing to do.
5	I don't know if this is a chain or a single store but its close to home and offers a different variety of doggy needs. The people were pleasant and helpful and gave Milly lots of love. We bought a massive elk antler for her to chew on and some probiotics for the tummy. I also ordered a great name tag since the one we got at petco is already rubbing off. I don't think I will shop here ALL the time because they are a bit pricier for some basic needs but for the specialty needs I will be back.
1	More expensive than Petsmart or Walmart. They do have a few things that the two former stores do not carry.Poor customer service. Employees are weird. Sometimes they talk to each other instead of the customer...while the customer is right in front of them at the cash register. They now have an attached grooming service. I don't know. I have just about given up on this place. Would be surprised if they are still around in 6 months.
1	I shop at this store only because they stock a hard-to-find natural dog food and it is fairly close to my home. The clerks are a lazy bunch who hang around the cash register yakking and rarely take the initiative to assist a customer. In fact, the fellow who rang up my dozen items today could not even be bothered to bag them--he stood by uselessly while I did it myself. I'm also concerned that most of the dog treats the store stocks are made in China. With all the public attention on the lack of safety of pet food products manufactured in China, I would think that a high end pet food store would avoid such inventory.
1	Stay away! Took my dog to get groomed, they cut her ear and clip her against the hair. $50.00 never again. Plus the dog food is very exepenseive. The sales help is very inexperienced!
1	OMG! The worst place ever to get your dog groomed! I brought my dog there 4 times. Each experience was marred by cuts by the groomer that got infected and I incurred an expensive vet bill. I spoke with Amber, the groomer about it and She did not even apologize!!!! Well I decided that she deserved a second chance, WRONG! Each time she ignored my requests for the style cut that I wanted for my dog and then she had attitude about it. When I called to try and get a new groomer lined up they summarily asked me not to come back.These people need an attitude check and a lesson in Customer Service 101! DO NOT BRING YOUR DOG THERE FOR GROOMING or you WILL suffer the consequences complete with a bad attitude!The store staff are nice but I am so soured by this experience that they do not deserve my business!Holy Shite! I just I read the other reviews. Wish I read them before! These people should be fired!
