4	I'm told moving is one of the top 5 stressful things you can do in life, well I'd add home renovation as well.  I'm also told never argue in front of the help...  well technically we didn't, but we certainly had a disagreement right before Robert came to measure the windows.  It was probably our only major full blown "tense" discussion.. hahaha.When we purchased the home, half the windows were already replaced and upgraded.  The prev homeowner gave us his window contact, stated he was so pleased with this guy and w/ several quotes, he blew the competition away.  We were looking for matching windows for the rest of the home and to take advantage of Federal engery tax credits, so we trusted the referral.Enter Robert into a highly charged atmosphere.  We gave him our differing opinions, and he said in his gentle and kind way "I'm a visionary, I can see where you are going with this."  He goes on to give us some ideas and inputs, and very very tactfully, goes off into the bedroom to measure the windows there.  Amazingly enough, we needed that.  His inputs helped form a fairly different look and idea that we were both happy with for construction of the wall we were moving and window placement.  By the time he walked out of the bedroom, we were all smiles and eager to discuss the new window addition.Robert and his helper replaced all the remaining windows in the home and cleaned up the dust afterwards.  Until I posted this review, never went to his webpage but glad to see the awards received for his great customer service.  I'll back that up as well.  And our only major drama is over.  We're going to survive it.  :D
5	My house is 20 years old and had the standard single-pane aluminum windows and patio doors that the builder had installed. When Robert, owner of Arizona's Best Windows, came out for a quote on my house he impressed me with his quote on the windows and doors and his knowledge about the windows and doors that he would install in my house. Robert showed me what the new windows would look like with the sample he brought, how they would take out the old and put in the new, and how much more energy efficient the new Simonton Windows would be. The new windows look fantastic from the inside and outside....so much better than the old windows I can hardly believe it. I can open and shut the 2 patio doors with one finger. He and his employees came out to my house and installed 15 windows and 2 patio doors in 3 days. The whole crew was courteous and friendly. They left my house cleaner than it was when they walked in the door.
5	Just got all my windows replaced by AZ Best Windows. Robert was great to work with and his price was very good. Before you go to Lowes or Home Depot give Rob a call. He will beat their prices hands down. Plus he actually does the install! No sub-contractors here. I highly recommend Rob and Arizona's Nest Windows!
5	Robert and his crew did a Great Job on replacing all the windows of our house.Very High Quality of work , very clean and did the job in less time then we thought it would take.Thanks Robert !!!!
5	My home had some very creative DIY type windows from previous owners that I needed replaced. Robert provided a fair and accurate quote, came out to verify measurements and final quote. I went with Simonton Windows, which only have a one week lead time. In total I had six windows replaced by Robert & crew in around six hours. The install was quick, clean, and efficient. I'm so pleased with my new windows and the quality installation from Arizona's Best Windows. I would definitely recommend them.
5	Awesome service and quality work.. Love the Simonton windows (the wife hehe).. Definitely recommended and will do business with again. Keep up the good work! Semper Fi!
5	I researched a few window companies and received some prices quotes. Arizona's Best Windows offered a great price for a great brand (Simonton) of window. I liked that Robert, the owner, allowed me to send him some rough measurements over email so I could at least get an idea of what cost I'd be looking at, others insist on coming to the house to give you their hard sell. When I accepted his bid, Robert came and obtained more precise measurements. He told me when the windows would arrive, and he was prompt and reliable on installation day. Another plus, he put the ADT security sensors back on the new windows.I don't think they usually do that, but that really saved me some time by not having to deal with ADT and the cost associated with them coming out to the house. The window installation went well and I'm extremely happy with the windows and the install. Wish I would have done this sooner.
5	So glad I went with Arizona's Best Windows!  I ordered a sliding patio door and two windows from them and it was $800 less than the other estimate I got. They installed them a week after they ordered and did such a great job. Easy install and nice clean up after.  Recommend them!
5	I had a number of quotes to replace 5 windows in our home Robert was not only the best priced but seemed to figure out how to replace the problem window we had in the kitchen. When the day for installation, he and Laurie arrived in the morning and were done by 3 p.m. They were incredibly neat and left the house very clean. One of the best experiences my wife and I have ever had with a contractor. We would definitely recommend him
