4	It's nitty, it's gritty, the food is AWESOME and the clientile & staff is straight hood! It's in the middle of the REAL south side of Phoenix right off of Central & Baseline. It's crazy awesome. At first glance ifs pretty colorful and kind of cool, if it were wiped down with rags dampened with clorox! LOL! This is TOTALLY my kind of place!! Its straight hood! It's in a strip mall and is between a Chinese food place and a day labor place. It's kind of crazy there. If you're dining after dark I FULLY recommend ordering things to go because there's been shootings there before. Two that I know of, but YO she shouldn't have looked at her like that! GAH! JK! There are a few retro video games there and a couple of pool tables and there's also a bar in the back! (yay!!) but the bar scene isn't that great. But the booze is cheap! (double yay!)Like all Long Wongs, this place is known for their hot wings which are made fast, cheap & delicious! their suicide wings are the owner's pride and joy and trust me... they're HOTT!! I once downed an entire pitcher of Margaritas while scarfing on a dozen trying to win a bet. And at the end of the night, I prevailed while holding my head up HIGH before I crashed down to the floor cuz I was trashed! They have the usual greasy spoon food and it's all at fair prices. They also have bbq and solid dinners. Like speghetti or steak dinners. I'm a huge fan of their fried zucchini. This place is very rough around the edges but it's still the small neighboor place that it was intended to be. Where those in know which side of the menu to order from. Where drunks get trashed in the back room bar. Where hustlers get gullable rez girls (like me) to bet them $20 a ball at some 8ball. where sometimes fights break out - but it's not a terrible thing. I don't know how to explain it... Its home. It's rough, it's the hood but the people are real. There is NO pretention in this place. It's straight up good food at straight up good prices. You can have a great time here - I have had many... just keep an eye on your purse.
5	I love the hot wings here more than hemorrhoids love buttholes! I've been to other long wong's as well, and these are hands down the best. Friendly service, delicious entrees = heaven! Worth the drive fo' sho'
1	I was out on errands & getting hungry, so I stopped into this place today for lunch.  I see these "Long Wong's" places all over town, but this is the first time I've tried one of them.  Here's how it was at this one:First off, it's a real dump, ala Taco Bite.  Part of the menu is up on a board behind the counter, & the rest is strewn around all over the walls & on erasable boards.I ordered a "Special" from the listless counter girl, which was promoted as 6 hot chicken wings & a cheeseburger for $4.95.  You have to pay BEFORE they fix the food, & before you can beg to go to the bathroom to wash your hands.  (It lives behind a locked hallway door that has a big sign on it saying that you can't use the bathroom!)They wouldn't trust me with the hallway-to-the-bathroom door key, but instead I had to wait for girl to go let me in!  Once inside the bathroom, it's a good thing I didn't have to go, because not only doesn't the door lock, it doesn't even CLOSE!  You pull it closed & it opens back up a foot or two, I guess so that the staff can keep an eye on you in there!Back out in the dining room, I took a seat in a booth.  Next to it was a window with big, heavy bars on it like a jail!  I brought a book to read, but I couldn't hear myself think, because the TV on the wall was blabbing out, so I sat.  It was cold in there, too.  It's no wonder they make you pay first!  Otherwise I would have left.So then in a little while girl brought out my food.  The cheeseburger bun was REFRIGERATOR COLD, & the "6 wings" were actually THREE, because they count each side of the wing as a wing.  Also, they were the tiniest chicken wing pieces I have ever seen, not more than 2 inches long each.After eating this dinky meal my fingers were all gooey, but I didn't feel like going through the hassle of trying to get girl to let me into the bathroom again to wash my hands, so I drove home with them like that.  When I got home, I washed my hands & fixed myself something to eat.Eek!
4	Recently moved to Baseline and was always a customer of the Original Long Wongs on McDowell and 28th street....but I have to say the wings here are better.  These wings had a lot of meat on em, service was friendly and the place is a bit of a dive..but the food is great!!
4	WOOHOO!  Wings that are meaty enough to be worth the price and spicy enough to satisfy!Driving up, the address and strip mall are screaming "Don't get out of your vehicle here" GHETTO...but since I am a white boy trained in brazilian jui jitsu, I am not worried.  I got out of the truck, acknowledged the skaters and gang bangers and proceeded to the door of the restaurant.  On walking in, the menu items and prices are written on the wall in magic marker.  Some have been changed, some have been removed, and some have been made into weekly specials.  This night, a dozen wings is going for $6.50 before tax.  I place my order and proceed to wander around the empty dining room.  It is clean and spartan...a jukebox that advertises free play...several 1980's vintage video games...no restroom  available...When I ordered suicidal wings, the lady behind the counter asked if I was sure about suicidal...that I might want to try hot first.  Being a reckless and brave person, I reconfirmed suicidal.  She told me that the order would take a few minutes, and asked if I minded seeds in the wing sauce.  I let her know that if seeds were required for hot wings, I would be OK with them.The wings are hot, fresh and generous...I have been gratified to have to put 3 bites into cleaning the meat and skin off the wings.  They are hot in seasoning and temperature...I could only get through half an order before having to switch to tortillas, carrots and ranch dressing to cool the fire.  Forehead sweating...tears in my eyes...Marcia's Long Wongs got it right.Give 'em a try...even tho the restaurant screams GHETTO.
4	Good wings and good burgers!
5	My family loves this place! Everytime we go our experience has been great!! We get the honey hot wings extra crispy and the kiddies love the jalapeno popper burger! The fries, mozzarella sticks, onion rings, mushrooms & zucchini are all pretty tasty. The place looks ghetto and don't be surprised to get hit up for spare change outside. The booths & chairs are ratchet so we've always took our food to go. What they lack in looks and charm they make up for in taste as far as I'm concerned.
1	I have been coming here for years it's my favorite place to eat wings! I love very far but drive at least once a month to go eat wings here! Unfortunately my last experience on Friday was HORRIBLE!!! The customer service is none the girls and the cook are rude. They messed up my order and then didn't want to fix it correctly. The portions are getting smaller and smaller. Might have to find another wing place
4	Not going to lie, I went to Long Wongs because the name was funny and the place seemed kind of shady and I was feeling adventurous. I don't remember Chinese food being on the menu, however wings, ribs, burgers, etc. are. I got the wings and they didn't disappoint. Not to spicy and plenty of flavor. I can't wait to go back and try their other offerings.
5	Every time I have been to this place it hasn't disappointed. The service is great, the food is on point, the wings are delicious. A little run down appearance wise, but food and service 5/5. I'm glad we have this in South Phoenix.
