5	These guys are the best!  Ended up going to them for a second opinion, after another auto service shop wanted to take me for a $1831 ride.  You will get the honest truth from them, and no overcharging for things you don't need.
4	I was kind of apprehensive when I drove up to this place.  All I needed was a SMOG CHECK and nothing else.  I hear so many stories of how some places take advantage of people/women at that when it comes to mechanical needs.  The guy was about to do the smog check (I wish I could have asked his name) and I asked him to check the ATF level.  He said it was kinda low.  I asked how much to put some in and he said he will just top it off.  NICE!I also asked if he can check the oil level.  (luckily it was ok).Smog check went well , did not charge me for the ATF and I was on my way to the DMV.I was really impressed because I was expecting to be charged extra.  Where nowadays do you find someone doing something to be nice. I will definitely keep this place in mind if the place I usually go to messes up.  (I'll yelp them later).So I tipped the guy maybe he can buy a small lunch with it. Thank you dude....whatever your name is and major props to you and your shop.
4	When it comes to domestic car repair in Las Vegas, T&M Automotive is your one stop shop for all things car/truck related. It is a family owned business that is truly customer oriented and willing to go out of their way at any time. One of the techs once told me "We won't sell you anything you do not need right now because we are busy enough as is." Now how many other mechanics have said that to you before? A few dealers in town will try and up sell you any way they can to make an extra buck but not the folks of T&M! On a side note, because they are always so busy, make sure to call ahead to make an appointment when you can. This saves them and you a lot of time when it comes to getting your car fixed and on your way ASAP.
4	OK.. So I went to Walmart yesterday to get an oil change. The mechanic told me that there was something wrong with the battery, therefore, I had to pay for a new battery. $79.99 for new battery with a $9.00 reimbursement because they would dispose the old battery for me. Then as I am waiting for my car, the mechanic comes and tells me that when they put the new battery in and hooked everything back up, the starter fried as they were testing to make all was working. So I had to call the insurance to have the car towed. I had originally said that I would go to Pep Boys.... Wrong idea after calling the fam to let them know what was going on. Grandma told me that Pep Boys was the worst place to go. So I called the dispatcher of the tow truck company and they told me that I had to go thru the insurance because they only want to deal with the primary caller. So, then I had to call the insurance to have them call the dispatcher to change the destination of the where my car was being towed to. I had the tow truck company deliver my car to T&M Automotive because they had dealt with other cars that we had for the fam in the past. They are really good. Even though they are little pricey with the cost to fix, I rather pay the cost because they are AAA Approved Auto Repair, Ase Certified, plus they deal with the DMV directly such as smog checks and other things. They treated us very well in the past. When I went in yesterday with my car, almost closing time, majority of the dudes working that were working there are still there. Thanks, T&M!!!
5	Ive done business with Tracy & Ni ck for over 20 yrs. These guys are the best! Fair prices great work
5	I broke down on the freeway just South of Las Vegas and was towed to T &M. Nick was great, he let me keep the car there for a week while I fussed with AAA trying to get my car towed to Southern California where I live. I would have no qualms about letting T&M fix the car except I live 300 miles away. Anyway, Nick thanks very much, I appreciate the help and I will recommend you folks to anyone who needs a good mechanic with a heart...TJS, Laguna Niguel, CA.
4	Had to get my car some new wheel bearings & this was the closest shop to my house that had good reviews. I went in and they told me what it would cost & how long it would take. They were very professional and fixed the car.I would see them again if I needed to. They didnt try to upsell me on other services which was another plus.
1	I was helping my daughter move from LA to Ohio driving her Plymouth Neon and pulling a small trailor.  During their drive from LA to Vegas the car was overheating.  So we went T & M automotive in Vegas to have them diagnose the car and find the problem.  Nick glanced at the car only to decide that the heads were warped and water was getting into the cylinders.  He wanted $1500-$2000 to fix the issue.  I called my husband back in OH to see what to do.  He said that Nick at T&M did not know what he was talking about and said that they should check the thermostat and replace it.  Nick refused only to say that the engine was damaged and he would not sink any money into it and would not do us wrong by replacing the thermostat because that would not fix the problem.  He said that the car should be junked.  Despite my husband's dis-belief in Nick's diagnosis, he told me to rent a U-Haul and pull the car back. Just got back to OH and the first thing my husband did was check the Thermostat.  It was broken in 3 pieces.  He replaced it and it is running normal.  No more over-heating.  Nick's advise cost us over $1500 plus 100's of dollars in gas when the entire issue should have been fixed with a $5.00 thermostat and 20 minutes of his time.  DO NOT TRUST THIS SHOP.  They don't know what they are talking about.
5	Really like these mechanics! They don't find random stuff wrong with my car when I just went in for an oil change. Been coming here ever since AAA recommended them to me!I've read other Yelp reviews and because they are so busy, they don't have time to upsale you or waste your time/money.
5	This place has moved. Miss this place. They moved to 3921 W Oquendo Rd, Las Vegas
4	Some of the things that make this place so great are also what make it fall short of a 5 star rating. T & M is a place that I know won't upsell me with services I don't need. The prices aren't rock bottom, but the pricing is fair. I'd rather have fair pricing on services I'm confident I need rather than rock bottom pricing on services I didn't need in the first place.Because of this honesty, it's not a surprise that this shop is very busy. However, a busy shop means that it's hard to get work done here unless you have a flexible schedule. At the place I get my brakes and belts changed, I can drop in during lunch, get my work done, then be out in about an hour. That would be impossible at T & M because they're too busy. I live alone, so I can't just drop off my car in the morning and go the whole day without a car. Furthermore, T & M is only open M-F, which I hate since I work M-F. If you're like many Vegas residents and work varied schedules, you can afford to wait at the shop on a random weekday that you're not working. I don't have that luxury.For larger repairs, I won't go anywhere else. My motor mounts got fixed the last time I was at T & M and they did a great job. Though, because it's inconvenient, I don't bother using T & M for small things. It isn't worth the hassle.
5	If your going to get your car fixed, GO HERE!!!!I know how to work on my own car, but when I don't have the tools or the time it makes it easy when I can take it someone without the bull shit and just get it fixed.Nick was just what I was looking for. He got me in, had a assessment done to make sure the problem I said was wrong was what needed fixing right away, and then gave me a accurate completion date/time.The work was not overpriced nor was a huge percent paid toward labor as with some places. He didn't try and act like a hot shot man who knows everything. He treated me with respect which is very important to me.The work was done in a timely mannor and the results were better than expected. I will now be going there for all my car repairs. Go here, you won't get screwed!
4	I needed my front brakes repaired on my car and I was not sure where to go...After reading reviews here on Yelp of various repair shops, including T&M Automotive, and a recommendation from a friend, I decided on taking a chance and bringing my car to this shop.It is located near my residence and that was a plus as I had to walk home from the shop after dropping my car off.I began by calling the shop to make sure the service I needed done could be performed.  I spoke to Peter on the phone and he was friendly and professional.  He confirmed that brake repair could be done and that they could take a look at the car that day.  He did advise me that since they were closed the day before, due to a holiday, the shop was busy and he could not guarantee me a time.  I totally understood.I took the car in at approx 10:45 am and spoke to Bruce and Peter at the desk.  They were friendly and professional and took my information as I had never been there before.I was very surprised to get a call back around 12 pm that my car had already been looked at!  Such a quick turnaround!  Bruce explained that the front brakes definitely needed replacing and that the back brakes were still in good shape.  He explained the work that would be done and gave me the price estimate.  I was shocked at how reasonable and affordable it was.  After hearing prices of what my friends have paid in the past to get brake repair done, I was really happy that pricing was fair and honest.  I approved the repair work to be done.Then at about 3 pm, I got another call that the car repair was complete!!!!  I was able to pick up the car around 4:30 pm and Bruce was friendly and professional in explaining the cost breakdown and guarantee that was on the brakes.I am definitely impressed with this repair shop and would go there again.  I was really impressed that they were able to repair the car in such a short turnaround after I was advised that the shop was really busy.Thanks T&M Automotive!!!!!
5	Bruce and Nick were super friendly!  The pricing is reasonable and the work is outstanding.  Any place that has great customer service is a winner in my book!!
4	T&M was suggested to us by our realtor, whom had been coming here for 6 years. I was referred to Nick, but really all of the guys there are fantastic. They confirmed my diagnosis of janky rotors and calipers, offered to smog our vehicle to help with the registration process and didn't gouge us on price. I feel that what we paid for the work that had to be done was VERY reasonable and will absolutely continue to bring our Scion there whenever there is an issue. OH! I ALMOST FORGOT! While I was waiting for a ride to pick us up, I had to use the bathroom - I prepared myself for the worst - but experienced the best!! There are separate men/women bathrooms - and they are SO VERY CLEAN. A vanity, more than full-length mirror, smells great, I wasn't afraid to touch things. It was fantastic :)
5	Honestly they are the best auto shop I have ever visited they give you a free quote on what's wrong and price, they are incredibly honest I was referred to them by a Vegas 40 year local and I have been with them for 20 plus years they even have been with me buying new car telling me if it's worth the cost or it's a lemon. Nick treats my mom and anyone else I send to them with the highest respect
5	BEST CAR REPAIR SHOP EVER!! PHENOMINAL!!!!!!   Neither I nor any of my family members have ever been more impressed with a car shop than we were with T & M. I was in a minor accident and one of my wheels was bent in at almost a 90 degree angle. I had it towed to the closest shop at the time which was T & M. The shop was on the other side of town from where I lived which made me nervous at first. However, my repairs came in more than $300 under what they quoted me and $500 under what I was quoted by any other shop. They even checked the car out at first for FREE. Repairs were done within a couple days. My car is now actually running several times better than it was before the accident! I am incredibly pleased and overjoyed with the repairs. I recommend them to anyone who needs work done on their vehicle.i will be taking my car and my family's cars there for anything I need regardless how far it is. I wish I could give them more than 5 stars.
5	These guys are the best. So honest and friendly. Good pricing too. Any work you need done on your car take it here.
5	These guys rock!  My vintage mustang's heater box started leaking while I was in town for the Mustang 50th anniversary celebration.  They took me in on a moments notice and bypassed the heater core so I could make it home without dripping antifreeze all over my interior.  Did it in less than an hour and for a very fair price.
5	I love these guys, Nick and Pete, that usually answer the phone, are always pleasant and willing to answer any questions that I might have. Even though I usually drop my van off, they are always really quick to get my car back to me. A while ago I was having problems with one of the automatic doors, they took a look at it for me and suggested that I take it to the dealership because it should still be under warranty. I love that they do not try to upsell me or tell me something is wrong with my van to scar me into work that is not needed. Great auto shop.
5	Using T&M for about 6 years with my 4 vehicles.  It's so hard to find a mechanic you can trust and Nick earned my trust years ago.  These guys are clearly interested in long term relationships, not just trying to get you for what they can at the moment.
5	Been coming to these guys ever since my friend referred me to come on down here.  Guys all are great and super friendly.  They are very honest and honesty is hard to come by when people are working on your car,  I've been to several shops and all of them always told me different things that were wrong with my car ( I would go to 1 shop,  get their diagnosis on the problems,   and then I would go to a different one,  and every time it would be a different problem).  Now with these guys,  they just do incredible work,  and take care of me very well.  Good price for the quality of work they put out.  And the fact that they don't have the will to take your money for false tests,  definitely a place always coming back too.
5	I had a 1967 Ford pickup truck with more dents in the body than you could count. One of the mechanics accidently put one more in my drivers side door (a little tiny ding like you would get from a shopping cart). The reason they get five stars is because if your employees feel comfortable enough to tell their bosses when they do something like that, than that is a pattern and ethic set by management/ownership. They obviously value honesty and integrity over profit. If my blind, wheelchair bound Grandma was still alive, this is where I would send her to get her car fixed, because that is how much I trust these guys  :^/  .... Just kidding about my grandma. Wheel chair bound women cant drive!
5	These guys are awesome! As I sit and wait for my truck to have work done I'm amazed on how friendly and efficient they are. They explained everything for the work that needed to be done.   If you need work done come here you won't be disappointed. They have good prices and don't push anything on you. This is what automotive repairs are suppose to be like. I call it a car hospital. Need check up or surgery these guys are the doctor your looking for. I've got better service for my car than I've got for my personal doctor. Maybe I need to find a good family run doctored office who take the time to analyze the problems with fast service.    They even offered to take a lady to town square to shop while she waited, that's awesome in my eyes. These guys are the real deal. They even squeezed me in when they were busy after a three day weekend. Nice Job!
5	The guys at T & M are top notch, and know their stuff.  They installed my supercharger,  added some door hinges, and performed other work on my Jeep JK.   Service was perfect and I'm having them do more work in the future.  You won't find any better in Vegas.
5	If you want a reliable, trustworthy mechanics, look no further, I have been sending friends and family to Tracy, Nick, and guys for almost 20 years, I have always had great reviews from everyone I have referred! They are 5 stars in my book!!
5	Open at 7:30am till 5:30pm I have been getting work done on my truck from T & M For over 10 years they're so good when they move I move with them. great knowledgeable mechanics that really do know what they're talking about and they will explain every piece of work they do to your vehicle if you need it. friendly, fairly priced, very honest. I can't rave enough about these guys.So I have an old 1977 Chevy pickup and she runs like a dream.I don't let anyone work on her but ME. T&M is one of the only shops I will let work on her. Every year I get my truck smoged by them. Because I can trust that they will take care of her. Honest mechanics
5	my dealership {Hyundai} were trying to scam me into buying a new car....they had went so far as to cut my knocker sensor to get me back so they could tear my engine apart, at the tune of 600.00.My company gets all there trucks done at T&M and recommended them highly. so I jumped ship at the Hyundai dealer ship. T&M found where they had cut my knocker sensor. fixed the sabatoge the dealer had done..My car runs great!! no engine light.. no 600 dollar engine tear down..no having to buy a new car.. wich IS the SCAM the dealerships are pulling..T&M are honest efficient, and I HIGHLY RECOMEND THEM:)))when you walk in you are greated and are made to feel like ...There isn't a problem they cant fix..my new cars...service place:))
5	My family has been coming to T&M for years and we love them. They are honest which is a rarity for auto repair shops. T&M doesn't try to scam you. That is the reason why we came to them in the first place because the original place my mom went to for her van kept doing shady things.T&M employees are super friendly and they work with you. I remember sitting in the lobby waiting as they were fixing the van and someone who worked nearby came in wanting an oil change. He gave them the key and asked if they can drive it to T&M because he didn't have enough time to do it. They said yes! Now that's some customer service.They don't work on European cars which is why I can't take my new car here, but they will always be our family auto repair shop. My mom can't stop raving about them and neither can I.
