1	I have had 2 very horrible experiences here and I will never go back again. i had a 2:15 appointment and they didn't acknowledge us until 2:30ish and then finally at 2:50 they were ready for us to come back to take pictures. I had to fill out paper work for the photo shoot which had what type of pictures i was taking, however i had to explain to the photographer what occasion it was and help her with ideas as if no one ever looked at the information i previously wrote on paper. i figure they had Easter ideas down packed since Easter is at the end of the month, and its their job to have ideas, take the pictures, suggest poses, etc.  i didn't have anything in particular in mind. i went into this experience trusting that the photographer knew how to do her job. To make a long story short, we took about 38 pictures and only 2 i liked, however half his head was chopped off! the others had props chopped off or it was fuzzy because he moved. it was a horrible experience i had to do most of the work to get him to smile. I wasn't at all impressed with the pictures so i asked for the manager. it was 3:20 and i was pressed to take these pictures because i drove all the way from union sc and had to go back. the manager took the pictures around 4 something, we reviewed the pictures as i vented to her my previous experience. she explained in her co workers defense that it was previous management fault that she didn't do her best. the manager said the co worker wasn't trained correctly, and that is why previous management was fired. I thought that was a poor excuse and unprofessional to tell company business. after i pondered over my pictures i gave her my 'new baby coupon' which made my package free. by this time it was 5:00 i had been there since 2:15. I asked her if there was anything she could do for my wait and to have to retake his 1st Easter pictures and because i been there since 2:15. she said since i had a coupon to get  pictures for free that i could not get anything extra. I was shocked, it wasn't my fault you have a new baby free package online. its also was not my fault old management didn't train the employees you have now. it also isn't my fault i waited over 3hrs to take pictures. its definitely not my fault that the pictures had to be retaken by management. I DON'T RECOMMEND ANYONE GO THERE, THE WAIT TIME IS CRAZY, THE MANAGEMENT IS HORRIBLE, THE STAFF DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO TAKE PICTURES AND THEY ARE VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.
5	We have been everywhere for photos throughout years. Currently  12/17/13 staff is wonderful and kid friendly!!! Verrrrrry kid friendly cartoons running... Not pushy and o so helpfull!!! Thanks
2	I am very displeased with the level of service of my family sitting yesterday at the studio at the Carolina Place mall in Pineville, NC.  I bought the most expensive package (roughly $260!) and I am so displeased I will not return to OM for anything in the future!  I will say this- both girls we worked with are very nice and this has nothing to do with their personality/demeanor. First, the "photographer" had no clue what she was doing.  She kept asking us "okay so what do you want to do next?"  Well, isn't it the photographer's job to suggest poses for the group?  Isn't that their specialty?  We didn't get a lot of potential shots because we had expected to be told what to do!  We didn't know we were to bring a list of poses!  Second, she claimed the equipment kept messing up- I don't know if it was her lack of experience or if there truly were some technology issues, but whatever the case, at least 10 times she'd go to take a pic and it wouldn't fire off and she'd make us MOVE with our infant to another spot on the floor which is incredibly difficult, and at which point, loses the "moment" so we had to get the child settled again and try to get her to pay attention and not fuss.  Third, the photographer conveniently leaves and we are then sitting with another lady who is going through the picture selection process and is INCREDIBLY slow on the computer, so much so, that once when she got up for "whatever" reason, I started clicking around because I was able to lay things out lickety split.  Additionally, she did a very, very poor job of explaining things properly (she doesn't have a grasp of the terminology whatsoever), and she couldn't get the pricing to work.  We are now TWO hours into this (yes, TWO!), with a fussy baby.  She had to keep calling someone to help walk her through stuff on the computer.  She didn't apologize.  She just kept clicking around.  I said multiple times "we need to wrap this up ASAP".  If I had known it would take two hours, I would have scheduled for a different time!  LAST, we got our photo sheets.... and we are supposed to cut them out ourselves?  What kind of lazy, unprofessional crap is this?  Really, Olan Mills?  I can go to a drug store photo kiosk if I want that kind of service.  I am astonished!  Roughly $260 for my package and I have to cut the flipping photos apart?  This reeks worse than my baby's poop diapers!
