4	A very clean, very neat and friendly Taco Bell.  I've been here several times and always gotten high quality (for the Bell) food and good, prompt service.
2	Check your order before you leave the drive-thru or risk discovering only 75% of your order filled by the time you get home.
2	Clean place, food is what it is. The jackass behind the counter wearing the sombrero and yelling really bad lil john impersonations is way too much. Get some class or respect your customers.
1	Screw this place. Seriously.If I'm going to TB, I'm 90% of the time doing drive-thru. If I don't have the time to respect my body, I don't have the time to sit on plastic chairs and listen to top 40 garbage, either. Both times I've been to this particular restaurant, I got held up for an excessive amount of time behind a female who so charmed the drive-thru personnel that I had to wait an extra 10 minutes. The first time I had to fight off a horde of angry ASU sophomores who took exception to the trollop who cut in front of us on foot and got service. This time, I decided to share it rather than cause trouble. Take that, class of 2012.
4	Haven't been to Taco Bell in a while and boy have I been missing out.  Check out the new sauces; besides Mild, Hot, and Fire, there are Verde and Fire-Roasted Peppers.  The Verde green sauce is a delicious touch to taco bell food, and the Fire-Roasted Peppers sauce was rockin'!  I covered my XXL Chalupa and enjoyed a Grilled Stuft Burrito like always.  Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...Taco Bell + Delicious sauces = Heavenly food coma, and maybe some gas! =)
4	Not that Taco Bell would normally be considered a Four Star restaurant ~ however when rating Taco Bell's to each others. . .this location is very good. It's in a great location so it's quite busy yet its always very well maintained ~ doesn't seem to have a lot of turn over ~ very well trained friendly staff. The menu is always changing ~ nice variety ~ always fresh. It's a blessing to have a inexpensive clean place to grab a bite to eat.   Love that Taco Bell has gotten on the healthy food option train.  It's good . . .and getting better. Blessings:)KC
4	I've had my fair share of drunken late night trips to this particular location, but even in a sober mindset, I give this place 4 stars. The workers are friendly (as friendly as a 40+ something year old can be while working in a fast food joint) and one time the nice lady working the drive thru gave me a free fruitista freeze. The food is always good (in terms of Taco Bell standards) and they've never messed up my order EXCEPT on one occasion......The gentleman working the drive thru failed to put a fork in the bag for my cheesy fiesta potatoes!!!!!!!! Of course I realized this after the fact, when 10 cars were still waiting for their food.... driving through again wasn't too appealing of an option.Taco Bell almost got 5 stars out of me, but I had to give a 1/2 star deduction for the forkless cheesy fiesta potatoes incident and another 1/2 star deduction for the loud fat ratchets that swarm this place on Friday-Saturday nights.
2	just check your order before you leave.... hard thing when you go with 4 other people in the drive-thru.... wouldn't want to find out things missing after you left.
5	Extremely friendly staff. This is the first location of Taco Bell that hasn't messed up my order yet! It is near ASU so it get busy late at night, but what do u expect.
1	My mom wanted taco bell the other night, so we stopped in for a quick bite and I don't think I will be back. The location seemed dirty. I ordered the cheese nachos and was very disgusted when the order came out. They were on the typical fast food tray, but unfortunately there was no tray liner. I have seen how "clean" those trays are so needless to say I didn't eat the chips that rolled out on the tray. Lucky for me...when you order the nachos you don't get enough cheese for all the chips anyways, so I was still able to finish the cheese.
5	I don't like Taco Bell very much nor come to Taco Bell often.  I get constantly reminded why I don't eat here thirty minutes after I finish my food at ANY Taco Bell.This one.  This Taco Bell is a pure gem.  I'm not giving this place FIVE STARS because of the food, I'm giving this FIVE STARS because it gets wild here! If you like to people-watch college students in Tempe, you need to come here!  The staff are incredibly helpful and are patient, even under the hectic circumstances.  This place deserves a good rating.
3	I wish they didnt take olives out of their food.  Otherwise good quick fast food.
1	I came in for dinner with a friend and order a combo meal. As I was eating I unwrapped my taco and it was soaking wet and just wasn't edible. We took it up to the counter and the Restaurant GENERAL manager said oh well it has been sitting there. Seriously?! Learn a thing or two about customer service. I will NOT be returning.
