1	This is the worst apartment complex I have ever lived in. What are the problems?Theft.  People steal cars here, my neighbor had his car stolen twice.  Another neighbor had people sneak into his apartment through the porch door and steal his wallet and other stuff from the living room. This place is not safe, more so it is scary.Noise.  The way Sun Creek is built is horrible.  You can hear people walking up the stairs and your walls are shaking.  You can hear every noise.  Cheap built and everyone complains on everyone because of noise, well it Structure Problem, not resident's fault.
4	John and Barbie are very friendly staff since the first day I met them up to now.  They are also very understanding individuals.  I have a downstair neighbor complaining about me walking around my apartment at 10pm (and who threatened to call the police on me.....yeah laugh about it).  Instead of being judgmental, they took both sides of the explanation and went from there.  Obviously it could have been worse for me.  Having said that, I do agree with the previous comment about the way that Sun Creek is built.  Another reason I like living here is the noise.  There is not always very noisy around the complex.  I don't however agree with the theft comment.  The neighbor should have at least some common sense that they should lock their apt when they are or not at home.  Also, car thefts in AZ are common; it is not just in Sun Creek.  Finally, there is a security guard around the complex at night.  For other future tenants, you can take mine or the previous individual's comments.
5	My mother and brother lived here for 2 1/2 years and never had any problems. The complex is very quiet and maintenance is always very quick to respond. The office staff is the best part of the place. We have lived in many places where the management is just downright nasty, but Sun Creek really does have the nicest gals working in the office.Thank you Barbi and Christina for making their living experience so nice! :)
