2	I went to this Roberto's this morning for a breakfast burrito, as I've been to other locations and had good experiences.  This one was different, however.  When I walked in the single employee working there was not friendly at all...almost seemed like I was bothering/inconveniencing him by coming in.  I asked what was in the breakfast burrito, and the employee stated "egg, cheese, bacon, tomato, etc...".  I asked if they have a ham, cheese and egg burrito because I don't like bacon, and he said "yes".  I then went ahead and ordered the ham, cheese and egg burrito, and asked for it 'to go'.  When I got to work and opened up the burrito, sure enough it was the original breakfast burrito with bacon.  Maybe its just me but I really look forward to a good breakfast burrito sometimes, and it was really a bummer to have to throw this thing out.I may go back to other Roberto's locations, but I was not impressed with this one and won't be back.
5	This location has the best, freshest food of any Roberto's in the valley (especially if you visit between 10am and 10pm, when the couple who owns the place is working)! I highly recommend the adobada tacos. They season the pork meat themselves and cook it up perfectly. The meat is not too greasy and the flavor is amazing! Other favs include the mix burrito which I get with chicken and beans. Come here if you are looking for quality food, large portions and a decent price.
5	Try the breakfast burrito...you won't be disappointed!
5	great Mexican food at great price .. there are lots of Robertos in town this one is the best
1	This was the worst food I ever ate.  I did not even give it to my DOG... We got the chicken burrito the chicken was hard and chewy.  We also had the carne asada french fries the steak was all fat and we could not even chew it... That was a HUGE waste of $12.  Oh did I mention that they charged an extra $1 for cheese on the burrito that had a little sprinkle on it.... DONT EAT AT THIS LOCATION
5	Best Shrimp Cocktail on this side of town. I've been to a couple different mexican spots on this side of town and always come out dissapointed don't really like to have robertos either unless I absoulety want mexican food quick or I'll cook it myself lol but my brother told me about this one and said i'd like it since im very picky when it comes to mexican food, guess he was right taste a lot better than other robertos
4	Great Robertos location, though my favorite is now the one on Centennial since it's so close to my house!Carne Asada Fries = WinningMenudo = WinningWeekend of Bi-Winning!(Menudo only served on weekends)
2	When you click the stars for two stars its says "Meh. I've experienced better." that pretty much says it all.
3	Good for a quick meal  (lunch). They will make anything, even if it is not on the menu.
2	every time i go here the food is good but they always mess up one thing.  But it is small like, no Sour cream or add rice to my burritto.  So i have to wait for them to make it over again.
4	Order the carne asada nachos. I couldn't finish it, and I can eat a lot.
5	tasty Mexican fast food. The Carne Asada burrito here rocks world. Service is usually very good. love it.
4	Consistently good.  I have eaten at 3 locations in the Valley and this one was the best but not by much because they all are good.  The Chimichangas rock!
5	This is one of the best Roberto's in the valley. They've all got their different quirks and slight variations on some menu items, but this one's got it down. The staff is friendly, and remembers me when I come in. Check out the Carne Asada Fries, Carnitas Burrito, California Burrito, and Cheese Enchiladas. Great stuff.
5	This is the cleanest Roberto's I've been in.. Always good service and food.
1	Avoid this shop at all costs!  The food was fine, but they were totally dishonest.   We paid for our meal with a Visa, and when we checked our account, we were overcharged.  I had signed the receipt and added a tip, however the worker must have gone back and added more of a tip!  When I called to let the manager know what happened, I got nothing but attitude from her.  She told me that they don't keep any records of sales, and couldn't do anything.  Pay with CASH!
4	Roberto's is delicious! I love they're chicken tacos and the rolled steak tacos
4	Good food. Nice ppl working here. A suggestion though: DON'T place a phone order unless one of the ladies is working. My order is always wrong and I end up paying lil bit more than I'm supposed to be if the language barrier. Lol. Guess I should learn Spanish. ;)
1	To start off, they got the order wrong.  You know that feeling when you stop somewhere because you're craving something?  UGH!  Not only did they get the order wrong, but it was with two things that were so hot that my stomach was burning by the time I finished.  Good, but hot.  The guacamole was watered down, the salsa was watered down, and the refried beans were watered down!  Saving money maybe?  The rice wasn't done the same as usual Robertos either.  Too salty.  I was really disappointed.  Skip this Roberto's and go to a different one.  Not worth it.
5	I've eaten at about 7 different Roberto's all over the valley and this one is by far the best on a consistent basis. I'm not sure what they put in their carne asada burritos here (probably crack, they are that good) but this location in particular has a different flavor than the others. Other menu items are good as well, but if you're going to this location do yourself a favor and get something with carne asada in it. As others have said... Don't bother phone ordering, just order when you get there to be sure you get exactly what you want. Bonus: open 24 hours!
4	Good, for a quick Mexican food fix. Everything is made fresh. I wish they made flautas, though! Never had a problem with rudeness.
5	Loveeeeee my Roberto's !!! Awesome people and delicious food! Carne asada fries, cheese quesadilla, beef tacos!!! Sooo yummy love this place !
4	I've been to Roberto ' s twice . beef chimichangas are pretty good. packed with peppers and onions for In  your face flavor. only complaint is that the platters do not come with enough rice & beans. Also, the chimichangas are kinda soggy . but that's probably because they cover them with sour cream & guacamole.  I'll have to remember to request them putting it on the side.
5	For a chain food place, this place tops all of the other Mexican fast food places in Vegas. The owner and all if the employees are cool people and they will change the food to how ever you want it. I give this place a double thumbs up. The crane asada fries are my personal favorite and are 'da bomb'
5	the best breakfast burrito. they are always friendly and nice. Fast service. ALWAYS GOING BACK!!!
5	The absolute best robertos in Vegas been to many and for some reason this location has th we freshest ingredients and good service...
