2	We were here on a slow day (2 other patrons were dining in) and were craving some kalbi and bibimbap. Their 8.99 lunch specials are potentially a good deal but my kalbi was seriously lacking in flavor, the side salad wilted/almost brown, 2 pieces of maki roll was dry and inedible, and the jap chae was forgettable. My husband's bibimbap is okay; nothing to write home about and for $13 he was expecting to have a little bit more meat in his dish. The service was nonexistent at first. We didn't have to wait too long for our orders to come out, but nobody checked in on us until we were almost done with our meal. The complimentary refills on the banchan are nice, but I've had way better banchan before. I can't help but think of other Korean bbq joints that are also right outside military bases and sadly it pales in comparison. I think for now I'm gonna have to venture out a little bit farther to get my Korean food fix.
5	We were so excited to see that this restaurant had finally opened.  After trying several Korean restaurants around town, we were really hoping for some good Korean food.  We came in late but they were very attentive and friendly.  We ordered fried dumplings, beef bulgogi, and spicy pork bulgogi.  They came with the usual sides (cucumber and cabbage kimchi, daikon soup, bean sprouts, etc.)  Everything was absolutely delicious! My hubby said it was the best kimchi he's had since he was in Korea.  We were so stuffed when we left.  We are telling everyone we know to go here for Korean food.  The price is reasonable for what you get, plus they also have a military discount.  We will definitely be back!
4	I work on Nellis AFB and have been exited for this place to open every since I saw the sign go up. Today I finally had the opportunity to stop in with my wife and daughter. The Yaki Mandu appetizer was equally as good as any I have had in Vegas; however, we all raved about the spicy chicken wings. Collectively we ordered two lunchboxes (Kalbi, Bulgogi) and the stone pot bibimbap.  While the flavor was not as good as I had in Korea, they were very good and exceed most places I have eaten in this town. If you consider the $42 price tag (including drinks) for more very good food than you should eat, this place is a great value. I frequent Korean BBQ places in town where one Kalbi order approaches that price. The portion sizes were generous and our sides dishes were refilled several times. I will no doubt return to to the Korea House very soon.
5	I came here twice for lunch and both times I enjoyed my meal very much. I had the kalbi and bulgogi lunch. Can't go wrong with marinated Korean BBQ. Also I had no problems with service, will stop by again on my next visit.
5	amazing spread, so many sides, lots of flavor - it was a great experience
1	This place was horrible.  That's probably why they are CLOSED now.
5	im korean born and raised in korea. i do go to korean places in town very often. ever since this place opened, i dont get to go to others. you should really try this place. best quality korean food in town. my favorite menu here are kalbi tang and soon dae gook.
