3	I am a fan of Dr. Chaney, but her staff is not efficient and lean more towards unprofessionalism than the ideal medical practice.  I am all about good customer service, but you may be disappointed here with the receptionists and medical biller (unfortunately they can make or break a business). Once I was sitting in the office and overheard a conversation the biller was having with a patient over the phone and it was not handled very well (biller was very loud and rude to the caller) from my perspective.  Dr. Chaney is great and she will do her best to help you, but be aware that getting in touch with someone at this office can be very difficult because they never seem to answer the phone during their actual office hours.  They don't accommodate their patients.
1	The worst front office staff; very rude, inefficient, incompetent and unprofessional; no customer service whatsoever.  They have an appointment arrival policy; they give you 15 minutes to arrive for a scheduled appointment if you arrive one minute past you are cancelled and will not be seen.  There is a posted sign that patients cancelling in less than 24 hours will be charged $25.00.  I understand the need for this, most doctors have this; however, at this office they can call patients and cancel an appt with no consequences.   I had a scheduled appointment for a specific time; I was called 1 hour and 45 minutes before appt and THEY cancelled the appt.  It seems its only for the doctor, and not her patients.   If you do arrive on time (within 15 minute window) you can be kept waiting as long as an hour!!  Very sloppily managed medical practice.  Also you are required to pay your co-pay BEFORE you even get to see doctor.   Look at other doctor reviews for this person on web.   There are many negative reviews.  Some may be o.k., but way too many are negative.  It also makes no difference if you schedule first a.m. appointment.  A few days each week she takes unscheduled walk-ins and you can again be kept waiting indefinitely even though you had scheduled appointment.   Will never recommend this doctor to anyone for anything.
5	This is a doctor with standards (very rare in vegas). If you take your time getting there and arrive 15 minutes after your appointment time, guess what? you don't get seen. She doesn't allow you to intrude on other patients' time slots because you can't arrive on time like an adult. I love this and totally respect it. This means that once you're in the room with her, neither of you are rushed. you're not just another number. I think I now believe in god because I can't imagine that this doctor came into being, in this city of all places, by any other way than divine intervention.
1	Terrible doctor!!...went for appt and i was not on schedule!!...i would not recommend this doctor to anyone...terrible staff also.
