5	Maybe I'm partial... but my mom Pauline Braha knows exactly what my hair needs. I'm a customer for life!
5	For many years, I've on occassion used those "at-home" 28-day hair color systems that come in a box with the lovely-haired woman on the front, which sufficed for matching my roots to the rest of my hair.  But I decided I wanted something a little different.  My friend recommended this salon so I went for it.  I called and was able to get an appointment just 2 days later...probably could have gotten in the next day if able to.  I had somewhat of an idea of what I wanted but it wasn't perfectly illustrated in my mind.  I told the colorist what I wanted:  highlights with some low lights that tie in my darker roots.  She picked shades that went with my then hues in my hair and I LOVED IT!!!  I went back 3 weeks ago for a touch-up (more to lighten my roots) and was even more satisfied with my hair color!  The stylist was amazing as well!  She gave me some sexy face-shaping (not over the top) layers and still kept my "long" hair.  And she gave great hair-styling advice.  BTW, there must be some magic potion that hair stylists put on hair to make it look red-carpet fabulous!!!  Ok, yeah it's probably volumizing spray and smoothing serum that smells so sweet and fruity!  But before I could never re-create their work but am getting better after watching her technique!  Furthermore, since my last visit my friends have commented each night that we go out that I look hot, amazing, and that I look hot in every single picture we take.  Maybe just maybe it has lots to do with my long-time desired perfect hairstyle!  Bottom line:  Deidra (colorist) and Michelle (stylist) are AHHHHmazing!!!
5	The people at this salon are LIFE SAVERS!  They truly saved the day for us.With less than 3 weeks to her wedding, my friend discovered the stylist she booked could not complete a simple up-do after 150 minutes.  The bride called a few other big name salons and everyone said they could not take her on short notice.  The other problem was we needed to be done by 9 AM for the 10 AM wedding.  I called around to  some smaller salons and beauty schools thinking for sure they would be more flexible.  They all treated me like I was asking for the impossible.  Finally I remembered Chris Anthony's.  I called and said, "I know this must sound crazy but can you take a bridal party of 5 girls in 12 days and have us all out the door by 9 AM?"   I prepared myself for laughter, but instead the receptionist was super helpful.  He said he would have to ask the owner but could probably make something work.  He called back a couple hours later to say they could accommodate us.  ALL FIVE OF US!  THANK GOODNESS! We showed up two hours before the normal opening time.  They did our hair.  The owner took care of the bride himself.  One stylists even helped with make up for one of the girls.  Everyone looked amazing.  Pauline did my up-do.  She asked what I wanted.  I said "loose curls pinned up."  What she did was gorgeous and exactly what I had pictured in my head.  Thanks Pauline!  The bride was so stressed before we found Chris.  He and his team got us off to a great start to the wedding day.  And the bride will look beautifully relaxed in her photos for life!  I cannot thank them enough.  THANK YOU! THANK YOU!  THANK YOU!  I will be back to see Pauline for sure.
1	I was so disappointed by the service provided by Michelle in March this year.  During the haircut, I feel some part of my hair doesn't look good. So I pointed out to her. She seemed pissed off by my opinion and cut the part before I finished my opinion. So, the right part of my long hair is so thin that two months later, when I went to another salon, the stylist there can clearly tell the problem. I used straightener everyday and I still can't make it look good! It was such a terrible experience that I will never try this place again! My current stylist said I have to wait another two months to see whether the damaged part can be fixed. Michele did feel she messed up when I paid my bill. She said if I was not satisfied I can go for her for some remedy. However, I will not let her touch my hair any longer.
