3	This is a good place for beginners to the art to get introduced.  They work with you and you can go at your own pace.  They can also set you up with a mat and workout clothes.  All in all a good experience.
4	I have been taking classes at this studio for over 5 months now and I really enjoy it.  All the instructors have different styles, so find one that you like.  Leann is very yoga-like and relaxing while Suzanne gives you a tough workout (I hope I got the names right).  My only gripe is all the classes are 'hot.'  I love the hot class (95 degrees and up) but I need to find some classes that have no heat and am going to try out other studios.  There are some other classes that are not advertised as 'hot' but the temp is never below 85.They have recently redone the studio and it looks great.
4	After practicing at many other yoga studios around Charlotte, I was pleasantly surprised by this small boutique studio, tucked away in a shopping center.  I was in search of a studio that could be challenging for someone with a fairly advanced practice, while still being a warm and welcoming space.  I finally found it.  Unlike other local studios, whose classes center around one teacher's dogma and style (Baptiste, Bikram, etc) Charlotte yoga integrates the flow of Vinyasa with roots in Ashtanga, Kripalu, among other styles, allowing the instructors to bring some variety and playfulness to the practice.  I'm excited to return and experience more here, but so far, I'm a fan.  Jonathan is a wonderful teacher.  Open and fun, but clearly knowledgeable.
5	Looking for a challenge and are you ready to sweat it up? I couldn't resist trying a class for free to see what Charlotte Yoga is all about. They offered a free class for anyone to practice as a way to dedicate that hour to the people in our lives who inspire us. How cool is that?! Forty-four of us piled in the yoga studio...like tightly packed sardines, but happy sardines nonetheless. Jonathan was the instructor and Lee Anne assisted. They made a great pair! It was nice to get the occasional help to be more aligned or to sink in a pose with assistance. Jonathan was upbeat and encouraged gratitude the entire time...even when I just wanted to fall onto my mat and not move into the next pose.The studio is spacious and has a large window in the back to allow natural lighting to illuminate the room. In addition, they did a great job of airing the studio by propping open the back door and fanning out all the hard work from us yogis for the next class. The entrance is a bit small and gets crowded quickly if too many people are lined up, but what a fun way to meet someone new. Right? They also have a retail section and offer Lululemon apparel. The women's bathroom has approximately 3 showers. It's a bit tight as well, so I didn't stick around too long to scope it out. I appreciate this studio and the instructors who guided us. I will return to try more classes!
4	If you think of YOGA as an anorexic looking person contorting their limbs into pretzel like positions....then you will be pleasantly surprised! HOT YOGA is fun, exciting and beneficial. Yes it is. I finally got the courage to attend my first HOT YOGA class at Charlotte Yoga studio. Impressively enough I was greeted with a warm welcome from the time I stepped through the door. The receptionist, the instructor (Lee Ann) and fellow students were all genuinely inviting and very social. The website prepared me for items I should bring (towel, mat, water, comfortable clothing). The class was very diverse and you move at your own pace. Great class for beginners...p.s. For new students they have a 5 classes for $25 special! Check it out.
2	True, I haven't been in a while but being a HUGE fan of hot yoga, I have to say, this studio just didn't do it for me.  First thing, music during yoga, dislike, country music during yoga, disdain.  And wooden floors for hot yoga, smells better than carpet but very slippery...all in all too much money to go back
4	I love Charlotte Yoga!  This is a friendly yoga studio without the pretense of some other studios.  The instructors are great-- Rowena, Angie and Jaime are my favorites.  And, when you go to a $5 class, not only are you getting a great class but also a great value!The studio itself is clean, and has a lot of natural light streaming in from the floor to ceiling windows, which I like during my practice.  I feel a little claustrophobic in a hot studio that doesn't have windows.The bathrooms are adequate (well the women's bathroom, did not check out the men's) with showers.  The hall does get crowded during class changes, but most studios have this issue.  They also have filtered water, fill up before you get into class!The power classes that are offered after a hot class are little too hot, or I would give 5-stars.  Several times the classes that are advertised as "in an 85 degree room" have been in a 100 degree + room (I check the thermostat because I always wonder if something is wrong with me when my practice seems harder than normal!).  I have heard several people comment/complan about this issue.  Believe me, there is quite a difference between 85-87 degrees and 100 degrees!This place is overflowing with friendly yogis.  My husband, who was really intimidated by the whole yoga thing, loves this place!  My top 2 studio in Charlotte.--"Friend" them on Facebook for (occasional) coupons and discounts--
5	I love love love Charlotte Yoga! It's a great place for more advanced yogis. You have to try Jaimi's power class (or what I like to call yoga bootcamp) on Saturdays at 10:45. All of the other instructors are great and super helpful.
5	Such a great vibe here!! Love the space. Good music. Warm people. Challenging classes. Mindful thoughts to take with you for later.
5	I have been looking to branch out and explore the various yoga studios at Charlotte. This morning I had the great fortune to experience a PureHot 90 class with Suzanne. She started the class by personally introducing herself to the new yogis, including myself. She was encouraging and positive throughout the class. The class was hot without being sickeningly hot, and Suzanne was always cognizant of the temperature in the room. Overall, I loved the vibe here! Everyone seems warm and caring. The class was challenging and inspirational. This is what yoga is all about.
4	I really enjoyed my drop-in class at Charlotte Yoga with Joey. This studio has one room for all yoga classes, so I was impressed at the turn-around time between the hot class and the power hour, switching out pretty quickly in 15 minutes. The hot yoga instructor was kind enough to do a quick Swiffer job on the hardwoods to mop up any leftover sweat pools, for which I was grateful. Glad to see they do this here, as I know not all studios do between classes! Most importantly though, the class was great. Joey had a great way of bringing intention to the practice upon opening, but still allowing each person to have their own experience. The music was at a comfortably loud and upbeat level, a tricky sweet spot to find. Loud enough not to be distracted by others' breathing or talking outside of the studio, not so loud as to not be able to get lost inside one's practice. The sequencing was exactly what I would have expected from the class description. Oh, and he was thoughtful enough to ask my name and introduce himself, always a nice touch to a new student!Just what this yogi on the road needed! I will definitely be back.
