5	Blakeney offers a little of everything- you can get your essentials from Target, groceries, dinner (I love 131 Main), fashion from high end to bargain as well as specialty stuff.  My faves? I get triathlon stuff from Try Sports, paper from Swoozies, and shoes from 72 Shoe Boutique.  I always have luck shopping here and the Banana Republic store isn't overly packed and is pleasant to shop in.
5	I love that I'm walking distance to Blakeney Shopping Center, but even if I moved out of South Charlotte I don't think I could stay away long.  Every day essentials are covered with Target, Harris Teeter, and CVS.  Fashionistas will love Bevello, 72 shoe boutique, denim affair, Loft, White House Black Market, Victoria's Secret, Banana Republic and more.  Hungry after all that shopping?  There's 131 Main, Encore, Brixx, Thai Basil and other yummy stops to refuel before heading to the nail salon for mani/pedis.  Sounds like a perfect day to me!
4	Very beautiful shopping complex, beautiful sidewalks and appeals to just about everyone... well I end up walking the dog most of the time while wife checks out the stores around.There's also a small park there, so kid friendly as well.
4	When I was younger, and had to walk uphill both ways in the snow to school, I think Blakeney was farm land.  My, how my little town has grown!This shopping center has a neighborhood size Harris Teeter, a Target, Old Navy, Bed Bath and Beyond, TCBY, 131 Main, McD's, CVS, on and on and on.  Fantastic shopping center that you can certainly find something to buy or eat.  The parking lot was designed by someone with a limited attention span, as most in Charlotte are - I am sure there are scientific reasons that the traffic pattern flows the way it does, but good googly moogly - it can be a bit of a clusterexpletive (compounded by rude drivers!).  But it's all good - just relax and park and get a drink if needed.  I love the variety of restaurants and the collection of shops.  I particularly enjoy Bath & Body Works so I don't have to go to the mall.
3	Blakeney is A-OK in my book. I don't tend to find myself on this side of town often, but when I do, there are a few go-tos that I tend to enjoy. The Starbucks will do in a pinch for some free wifi, a quick meeting, and less than passable coffee products. The restaurant scene isn't the best, but Brixx and Zoe's tops my list for an easy lunch. My biggest qualm with the whole shopping center is getting back out onto Rea Rd. Specifically, turning left. Forget about it. Seriously. You'd be better off just leaving your car for dead. It's near impossible. The worst thing is being behind a not-so aggressive driver and being stuck. Not sure if it counts, but across the street is Newk's. Great stuff.
4	Stores are the standard American big block but this shopping plaza of sorts is a mini oasis. Affluent educated and fairly mixed ethnic crowd. We take the kids there one night per weekend from April through Sept for live music in the park and share a bottle of wine with friends while they play on the playground or out in the grass. Good times!
2	Blakeney shopping center: an effigy to the Ballantyne Woman, the Charlotte Woman, the young girl or even the austere Antebellum. If you find yourself male or something close to it, you need not venture out if not by the tail of your coat, dragged there like a dog--a rescue--by that I don't mean a valiant heroic dog--no, I am talking the really sad ones, the ones that really annoying girl posts on Facebook all the time whether you like it or not--even though she never actually adopts them or plans to. That is what we are, unimportant little pets, cute little luggage for our women to tote around and poke when it tickles their fancy. There is a men's store I've only ever been to under the influence of a woman--my master--and do not wish to return to. There is Target, where even a man can stand under the air conditioning vents, smell the sweet, balmy scent of Target-brand-original-pheromones seeping through the louver and find himself inextricably tempted to buy something--anything. Perhaps a shirt or a shirt, or perhaps a shirt; heaven knows there is nowhere else in Blakeney Shopping Center to go unless you want to dress yourself like your master is already doing so.Sad creatures we are here. We work through the week only to be victims to the Yonic Empire that is Blakeney Shopping Center. What can be done? We could want things, things for us...I want an actual sports bar. I don't want scented candles or fucking nautical women's wear. I want a BAR! Not a bar with a winsome young man bartending, dressed in black that goes by milf-lover91@yahoo.com as his match.com login. Even the one sports store in there is for cycling and running--why? I mean yea they have great shoes and really good customer service but how about selling a bow and arrow or even a something with a motor. I would even take a part city--I could at least string myself up with the party beads. Hell bring back video stores; it would be nice to be able to pick from a selection of more than twenty-movies.All I can say is thank goodness for their weekly concerts of aging codgers that would rather be playing jam band music but are forced to compromise to play for housewives and our daughters who really need to consider wearing clothing a little more often. I don't want to look over and see your ten-year olds ass hanging out. When my daughter gets to that age, I just hope she wears pants or my wife just puts me down beforehand, which will probably be because I got off my leash and scared a group of women just trying purchase women's nautical wear.
