1	I never write reviews but I couldn't let this go. I use to see Dr. Jones at this office. He is amazing and unfortunately he is not here anymore. He is at San Tan Smiles in Gilbert. From now on I will be making the 1/2 hour drive to continue to see him for any of my dental needs. When he left I stayed here because it is right around the corner from my house. I went the last 3 times for check up and cleaning. The 1st time I went my dentist (Roy Shim) did not show up for my appt. They received a call from him while I had already been waiting 15 min past my appt time that he was sick and would not be coming in. They did my cleaning anyways and said that if anything seemed out if the ordinary then I'd have to come back in. The hygienist seemed flustered. I did take into account that it was because he hadn't shown up. When I came back to see him for my check up it was very quick and did not seem very thorough. The next time it was the same, the hygienist seemed flustered and rushed and so did the Dr. I gave them the benefit of a doubt maybe an off day, I'll give them another chance. Today when I went in, after having to call and book my appt over a month ago which was difficult to make in a shorter notice. (When Dr. Jones was there they always booked ahead while I was in the office for the following visit) they made me prepay which I thought was weird. Then same as the 2 times before,I felt rushed and unwanted. It gave me the feeling like I was an inconvenience. As if they had something better to be doing. I got my cleaning and they took some ex rays. Then the Dr. came in and just kept getting up and leaving without saying anything. In the end he recommended I see a specialist and then just left, without even saying goodbye or have a nice day. I had some questions so when I asked the assistant to ask him he still didn't come back. I had to ask her to go get him. At this point he still seemed annoyed and could not even answer my questions. Once again when I checked out the did not offer to prebook my next appt which again would have made it an inconvenience for booking in the future. I hope that they take this feedback as constructive criticism to change and fix the problems. However I will not be returning or will I see the specialist that he recommended because it came from him. I will be returning to Dr. Jones  it is worth the drive to have a dentist that actually cares about his patients.
5	I came here for the first time last week and i must say I have never felt so at ease after speaking to the Dr. (Dr. Roy Shim) he took the extra time just to explain every thing in detail about my treatment and i never once felt rushed like most places ive gone. I even decided to start treatment that day and they were very accomidating towards me. Dr shim kept  coming in to make sure I was numb before he even started treatment which is a huge fear for me. Once he started I didnt feel any pain at all and he periodically asked me how i was doing as he was working on my teeth. I will definately reccomend him to all my co workers and family.
5	My first dental appt. at this office was GREAT!  Friendly staff and very informative for all my dental needs.
5	I had seen Dr. Shim at his first office a couple of years ago and went to see him at his new office at Camelview. I had to replace a filling that was past it's prime; i think i had it put in when i was in high school!Dr. Shim and I discussed the options and he took the time to explain the pros and cons of each option. I chose the ceramic and he was able to do everything in the single trip and I didn't have to come back to get it installed which was great.I've been to a few different dentists and each are different/better or worse in different ways. I like Dr. Shim because while friendly, he isn't a chatterbox. He is patient and a good explainer and the work he has done has held up well over time.Is he the best I've been to? depends on what best is. He is definitely one of the better ones I've seen and I will continue to go see him.
5	I agree with the other post that he is fast and not very thorough but I kinda like that get in and out. I needed a root canal and crown done awhile back from another dentist i didn't trust so I went to this office for a second opinion and glad i did. The other office had I think a three visit plan to complete here it was one visit and I was done. Also i don't even remember what tooth it was I can't tell.
5	Being new to the area my hubs and I were looking for a good family dentist that we could trust and wouldn't try to upsell us all the time and do a good job. Another dentist kept pushing a $200 whitening treatment when he really didn't need them. We decided to go with our friend's recommendation.When we came in for our appt. We were greeted by the staff. It was early morning and I just wanted to sit down. We got to sit in their nice waiting area. The decor was nice and they were playing relaxing music. There were also some of my favorite mags I could browse while we waited. When we were called to our rooms the hygienist helped us. When I finally got to meet Dr. Shim he was very helpful in explaining preventative health and all the different options if I was interested. I was experiencing Jaw pain from TMJ and sometimes my jaw would POP. They also told me about flossing more regularly and when the best time is to brush your teeth. Which is after breakfast!! Gross, but who would've thought? Had to get two teeth refilled from last year...because my previous dentist didn't do a good job...but i was numbed up by the Dr. and didn't even feel a thing. I never had such a fast filling done. And biting into food doesn't feel off. Well I'm glad they took the time to explain everything so that I could take the right steps in correctly and hopefully needing less work next year. The staff is all very nice here you'll have a great experience.
3	Had a crown replaced in one appointment, which was great.  People there were pleasant and the doctor was nice.  The furniture is older and not very comfortable... and they had some issues with the machines.  (xRay machine wouldn't stay in place and drill was not functioning).  When checking out my bill suddenly increased by almost $100!  Which I noticed on the credit card slip before I signed it...they should have mentioned it before the card was processed! Overall, they got the job done.  I'm leaving a review because they offer free movie tickets...
5	The Doctor staff and hygenists are so wonderful and honestly 100% genuine! This office is very beautiful inside and out. They have the newest dental products and equipment. Everyone is friendly from your initial phone call to your day of treatment, they will take the time to explain and review every question you have and will not leave you confused or overwhelmed. No one wants to feel like they have been rushed into anything, So no more worrying or conerns this is the office to refer your family and friends!
1	Unfortunately, after 3 years our family will not be returning to this office.  While Dr. Shim may be an good dentist, his office is a mess.  There is one good hygienist left (Shannon). The others are awful. The assistant said she cleaned my son's teeth, she did not. When I asked why they were billing insurance for a service that was not provided, she was not truthful.  I receive "bills" for a service from 6 months ago after paying the requested co-pay.  There appears to be very high turn over.  It is a shame.  When we started with Dr. Shim we were very pleased.  It's too bad.
1	Such a waste of time.  I took my two sons here today because Dr. Shim is listed on their insurance.  I called yesterday to make the appointment with Kate in the office who was very nice and who was going to call their previous dentist for their treatment plan, because I did not know what exact teeth the previous dentist recommended work on.  When we arrived we filled out our papers, my first son was taken to the room where Dr. Shim came in and spent 5 minutes grilling me about why we switched dentists.  When he finally looked at my sons teeth he simply looked in his mouth and said he wanted to be conservative and send both of them to a pediatric dental specialist.  Then why did you waste my time and allow your office to book the appointment.My other son was not even seen because he had already made up his mind that he was sending them somewhere else.  I would not recommend this office to anyone for any reason!
5	Awesome service!!!! I honestly can say this Dentist Office is no hassle at all, Katie is the most professional office manager I have ever met. Answers every question I had and then some. I would recommend Dr.s Shim and his office for any of your dental needs.
