5	I have been using German Motors For service and repair of my BMW for many years now. They have always been honest with me and what's going on with my car.  Greg and Louie answer the phones and are always engaging and personable.  I am always given the opportunity to have any questions answered prior to work being done. I had been to many many mechanics prior to visiting German Motors. I am confident in saying they are the final one, and I am pleased to call them my personal service shop.
5	When it comes to an honest, knowledgeable and fairly priced shop that specializes in Mercedes and BMW, no one in town beats the guys down at German Motors behind the fashion show mall.I found this place through AAA, when searching for a shop to get my mothers '78  450SL fixed. After an incident at Fletcher Jones, I swore I would find someone better, more knowledgeable and not out to screw me out of every last $$ I had in my wallet. The gang down at German Motors were able to address all my issues in a very timely manner and told me the real truth of what was going on with the car, the cost and most importantly, that they could fix it pretty quickly.So remember fellow yelpers, if you own a BMW or MBZ that is out of warranty, stay away from the over priced dealers and head down to German motors!
5	Look...nobody likes it when their sled breaks down or needs professional work.But, when it does happen, German Motors really does provide a great combination of superior workmanship, competitive pricing, and compassion.This is a rare combination when it comes to the auto repair industry.These guys work on most makes and models.  I recommend them highly.
5	I found German Motors through Yelp and chose them based on reviews, location of business, as well as if they worked on Volkswagens.  (That's my particular car, but they work on many other makes as well.)  There aren't too many reviews on here for them yet, but am I glad I picked this shop!  I have been back multiple times since my first repair here.  (My car is over 130,000 miles so the normal wear and tear is beginning to show.)  Whenever I need something done, I know German Motors will fix it for me!  I have never felt like I am being taken advantage of (since I don't know too much about cars) and always feel that the guys in the shop are doing everything they can to help me address all my cars needs in the most financially reasonably way possible.  Also, the staff of German Motors is very friendly, nice, & knowledgeable.  I highly recommend German Motors.
5	German motors rocks!!!  I  Broke down in my Dodge 1500 (American truck) not to far from german motors so my choice was limited. Everyone in that shop was friendly and educated, even about my American truck! not only did they fix it for a fair price but they also found some loose wires that could of caused a fire under my hood that my dodge mechanic in summerlin  wired  or didn't catch. Im the type of guy who likes my truck tip top and now I dont care what happens to either of my two american cars (Caddy and Dodge) Im towing them to german motors!
4	I took my Jeep to this shop based upon word of mouth and reviews here.  They replaced spark plugs, air filter and reset engine light for much less than what the dealership quoted.  I would suggest at least getting a quote from this shop for any out of warranty work.
4	This may come off as bias, since I am friends with two individuals who work there. But I have came by plenty of times to see how they are with others.I think it is inevitable for any car repair place to get a few bad reviews. But I honestly think that this place has taken pretty good car of me... so far. The first time I came by was for front brakes on my C230. These babies don't come cheap. The dealership was charging around $600. I came to German to just get a bit of price shaved off... plus my warranty was over with Mercedes. I have never had a problem with getting an estimate for any car repair/ work to be done. Also. I almost always get a second opinion from other repair places, and German Motors has always been in line with those second opinionsI don't plan on taking my car anywhere else!
4	It sucks being a chick who needs work done on her car. Auto repair shops tend to be scam-artists and they really kick into over drive when they see a woman come in. I have now taken my BMW to German Motors two times and have been pleased with their honesty and the fact that they don't talk down to me because I'm a woman (yes it's sad that I've encountered this in my life so many times!). When my car's service light came on last month I dragged my feet taking my car in. I figured it would be expensive as hell and I would get ripped off when the mechanic would surely tell me EVERYTHING needed to be replaced. Imagine my surprise when German Motors did an oil change and full diagnostic only to tell me my car was fine! They listed out all the things BMW would have me do at this point, how much they cost, and why I should wait until June to do them. If you have a BMW, don't go to the dealer.. the dealers here are AWFUL. German Motors is honest and easier to deal with. I wish I could say they were cheap, but nothing about German cars is ever cheap!
4	Took my 03 E500 here for inspection of oil leak during the drive from my trip OC California to LV, found out it was overflow transmission, have to remove a qt of it,  Bob the technician very helpful and explaining the leakage.  I also change the 2 Air Filter and all works done for $130.  Thank You Grey & Bob.
5	This is the best shop in Vegas!Everyone who knows that they don't know about cars can relate with this... You go into a mechanic and are at their mercy.  You can only hope that what they are telling you is correct and aren't overcharging you like crazy.  These guys were awesome... They took the time to explain everything that was going on with my car and gave the me lowdown on what was absolutely necessary to get me back on the road.  They were fast and thorough.  And for the service I got it was very reasonably priced.  I plan on going back for all my repairs and maintenance in the future!
1	Dang. I thought I found a good mechanic.. I thought wrong. They're nice, but I don't want nice, I want the job done and done right.I came in because the GF's Benzo's engine was shaking. He immediately recommended motor mounts. So the tech checked it out and confirmed it, within 5 minutes. I was thinking, "What the?.. You know just like that." Brought me out and showed me.. I couldn't see a visible tear, collapsed mount, anything leaking from it, nothing. Combine that with the fact that the problem would only happen at startup, and went away after warm, I didn't believe it. He gave me a quote of about $600. I told em you better check that ish out again. So we went off to fashion show mall and came back and they're still recommending the same thing. We left.Anyway, with help of BenzWorld forums, I decided to take out the MAF and clean it. Driven for over 500 miles with no issues and can confirm that this was the problem. This fix cost about $5.Back to German Motors, so hypothetically, we would have blown through $600, problem would have still occurred. And IF he recommended MAF next (which he never mentioned), then that would have been about $400 for the part alone. The job takes 5 minutes to install, but c'mon, lets be honest, ain't no such thing as a 5 minute job in mechanic land. So prob another $100 for labor. Do you think he cleans it for $5 or charges us $500? So saved at least $1,000 and I guess it just goes to show, if you want something done right, you gotta do it yourself. If anyone finds a decent BMW/Benz mechanic, let me know.
5	I took my Audi A6 for few repairs at this place and i was totaly happy with the service and customer support they had. I believe all the staff are well known about german cars and, they know exactly what they talking about. With 25 years of experience i had high confident about my repairs. Also the price is very competitive. i got quotes from few other places and, i found this place beat all the prices and saved few hundred dollars. i highly recomend this place to anyone has german cars. I am sure they do repairs other domestic and import vehicle too.
4	It was my first visit tthe service took the time as stated, service personnel was friendly and the $30.00 did help to meet the cost.
5	I have both Mercedes and BMW cars and have had service done from the dealers to other independent repair shops around Vegas. I found German Motors to be right on with their estimate and delivery of getting the job done.  Had my Mercedes checked out and found they to be honest in the diagnostic.   Excellent service getting the car repaired on that level.  The workmanship seems to be fine since I took car in.  Didn't feel like they "duped" me into repairs I didn't need.  Seemed honest and fair in their pricing, especially compared to Dealer repair charges.Ramon even picked me up at my home on his way in to shop to allow me a ride to pick up my car.  Excellent customer service.As long as service and pricing is good, I'll continue to bring in my Mercedes.  Next car heading in will be my BMW.  Here I come, Ramon!
5	had issues with my Z4, the roof wouldnt retract and there was no indicator lights.  I searched online for solutions and i was given a lot of advice as to why it wasnt working.  None of those solutions worked.  I called the dealers and without looking at it they told me that the motors had to be replaced.  I brought it down to German Motors on the advice of a friend and they did a great job figuring out what was wrong and no it wasnt the motor.They were very friendly and polite.  The only thing I had a problem with was the fact that there was no WIFI in the building.  Which would have been nice as I had to wait and could have done some work.  The labor rates are good and I will be trusting my car to them in the future.
5	I just wanted to say THANK YOU to German Motors for checking out my brakes after I just had new rotors & pads done 4 months ago from another company. My brakes are making noise and knew it was not good.Ramon you are awesome and thank you for taking the time to look at my car with out an appointment.I also  received a great quote for the Benz!!!!I highly recommend GERMAN MOTORS as I have lived here for 30 years and finally have a great place to take my car!!!
4	Great guys, definitely understandable and worked with me
5	These guys are incredible. So this is my story. I was driving down to Las Vegas for President's Day weekend and I burned out my clutch. The next day, I called AAA and they referred me to these guys. I called German Motors at 3pm and told them I'd be coming in right when they were about to close. They got me all set up, and gave me a ride back to my hotel. I told them I was from out of town and would need to fly back to pick up my car. They ran a diagnostics/gave me an estimate by Monday 10pm (against NV law to work on Sundays apparently), and were able to fix my car in a couple of days. To many, it might seem like a standard job, but Ramon was very professional/helpful the whole way through. He knew I was a student, didn't try to rip me off, and was very accommodating to my schedule. Most people would have labeled a trip to Las Vegas as bad given the circumstances but I had the greatest time!
4	Took my 2001 BMW  here after moving from San Diego in November I had them fix some things to get my car to pass smog. They did good work, so i decided to take it back there yesterday to get my belts replaced. I forgot to give them my remote for my car alarm and they sent someone to my house to pick it up. I live about 20 min away so it was very nice of them to do that for me.
4	I can concur with my first review and I shall return.
5	Drove to Vegas from LA in my 2004 BMW 330i with 135k miles on it. Made it there just fine but while in Vegas AC stopped blowing cold and temp gauge started going up. We freaked out, if the engine overheats, there goes the car and any resale value it has. Found German Motors on yelp. They replaced thermostat and water pump for a fair price based on BMW forums. The mechanic even took time patiently explaining the overall mechanical condition of the car. He even pressure washed the engine for us! We drove back in 105 degree weather with the AC blasting the whole way. THANK YOU!
4	I brought my 2000 BMW 5281 into the shop today to have an oil leak fixed. Before bringing the vehicle in I called ahead to see if the estimate I got a few months back was still valid & Greg told me it was. I was pleased to hear him say that & headed over right after the call. Everything was completed with no additional costs, the same day & I had my vehicle back before then end of the day. I will definitely be using their services again for future maintenance needs
3	really nice people at this shop, but they lack the communication skills.i was told my car would be ready the next day, but when i didn't hear from them, i called to follow up and they said the parts didn't come in soon enough and wouldn't be ready. the next morning i called again, since i didn't trust they would call me with an update with the parts, and of course they needed to order another part and wouldn't be ready until the end of the day. the annoying part of all of this is that I had to do all the calling to get an idea of what was going on with my car.2-3 weeks after my "fix", my AC broke down again and they handed my car to the Mercedes Benz dealership on Sahara where all the parts were ordered from. although they were nice enough to be the middleman in the situation, they just couldn't handle my car problems as you would think a "German" shop would.
5	These guys are great! Ramon is a straight shooter. Such a relief not to have a shop try to hustle you. Friendly honest and actually reasonably priced! Thanks Ramon and the staff at German motors for taking care of my 335i bimmer! Great Shop!
5	Needed a last minute oil change for my BMW 325i and the people at German Motors were extremely accommodating and friendly.  I really appreciated how convenient Ramon and his team made it for me. Will definitely go to German Motors for all my future maintenance.
2	They seemed really nice and liked doing ALOT of talking.  I took my car there with a bad misfire issue.  My lessons learned included 3 things:1.  My initial diagnosis was wrong (close but still wrong part), and therefore authorized major engine repair which I would not have done had I gotten a second opinion or put "eyes on" the supposed damaged part.  Recommend better communcation on definition of diagnoses to include, but not limit to, "damaged" vs "suspected damaged" parts. Oh, and ask to return all replaced parts.2.  Don't authorize work without a written estimate.  They were very hesitant to give me one and when I finally got it, I still didn't recognize that the repair estimate only included the labor for disassembly and several additional diagnoses charges which I did not authorize and were obviously not done which ultimately led to the improper diagnoses. They did remove these additional diagnoses charges BUT then informed me the cost nearly doubled when they added the reassembly charges??? Really?3. "About 2 days of labor" doesn't mean 2 calender days and I would suggest getting an "approximate" calender timeframe so you are not surprised (as I was) when it takes weeks.I listened to long speeches that estimates of cost and timeframes can't predict unforseen findings/parts and that was why they were hesitant to give me the written information upfront, but YES I understand this. I had to beg for the minimum labor and parts to get the estimate I did receive and they STILL left out the reassembly charges.  It is hard to find a good BMW mechanic and I think this shop could do pretty good work with good communication upfront.
5	I honestly feel that the people who leave negative reviews for these guys are just frustrated that they have old cars and can not afford to fix them. The staff all the way from the guys at the front (I deal with Ramon) to the mechanics are always very nice and to me.I recently sold my BMW M6 but German Motors always serviced it. They always have the best prices and had my car out by the end of the day. When I thought I needed new brakes ($1,200+ job) because they were making some noise, they lifted my car up, inspected my rear brakes, and said they were fine but since they are so large, they make some noise in the Vegas heat. They charged me $0 for the inspection and I bought all the guys lunch ($50) as a thank you.I just brought my 1967 Mustang in to bleed the brakes and recharge the a/c (3-4 hour job) and my bill was $330 after taxes. You cant really beat that...On top of everything else, the guys always give me a ride to and from my building for free (you always should tip $5-$10 in my opinion) when I don't have my car. Now that's customer service... A+++  Daniel H.
4	My engine light was on and all I could think of was $$$ to fix my German. I always go to the dealer when something's going on with my car. So, I took my car to the dealer and they wanted "around $6,000 because we need to do..." I stopped listening to the whole schpill but the guy's mouth kept moving. I asked for my key back and looked for another place that can fix my car. Then, my service guy tells me they can do a price match. Really? All of a sudden you can do a price match? Ninja, puh-leez!I called German Motors and spoke to this man with an East Coast accent, Ramon. When I got there, there's this Filipino-Italian guy with a Boston accent in this dark old office with magazines from at least a year ago. Ramon was so pleasant and friendly. I told him I was going on a trip so I had to leave my car with them for a few days. They gave me a ride to Fashion Show Mall which is right across the street.Ramon kept me on the loop with my car's status. He called me everyday and the day I was going to pick up my car, I was running late and they were closing but Ramon waited until I got there. I ended up paying around $600 vs the dealer's around $6,000!
3	Quote very different from bill.Fixed suspension for my mercedes at a very high price and after 2mo the same problem.Normal service and work  for a very high price
5	While my daughter is at school her car is garaged.  We know we should start it occasionally but often forget.  German Motors solved the problem with a trickle charger.  Peace of mind was a great result!
5	Found the place through Yelp.  Needed to get my aftermarket exhaust installed on my Subaru brz.  Used the $50 for $80 deal through Yelp and got my exhaust installed in less than an hour. They even cleaned the exhaust and made it all shiny.  Thanks Daniel
5	I found German Motors through a Google search and gave them a call about an oil change for my BMW.  They were able to schedule me for 10am same day, but I showed up at 9:30, they took me right in and I was out by 10:07am.   The price was exactly what quoted on the phone.  I dealt with Ramon, who was very professional and friendly and very informative.  They did a quick inspection during the oil change and I left with a quote in hand for future work (much cheaper than dealership).  Also recommended a tire place with the same warranty as my current tire place and said just order tires from this place and they will replace them.  I will definitely be back for all future work and will recommend to my friends.
5	Getting an automobile fixed in less than 3 hrs of dropping it off is great customer service. Which I always get here.
