5	Put the good in your morning indeed.  I am so stoked that Jamba Juice opened a new location that is on my drive to work.  I used to drive 20 min. to get one of their delicious smoothies.  I was very happy to see that they have a delcious new item - new breakfast meals - a blended fruit & yougurt parfait topped with organic granola.  They remind me of a Brazilian fruit salad I get when I'm in SD near SDSU that I cannot find in AZ.  Not quite as good, but definitely up there.  I have already tried both the mango & berry and will probably try the Chunky Strawberry next week. The store is very nice, clean and bright.  The service was awesome and the people working behind the counter were very friendly.  I don't think a lot of people know it's there yet because no long waits yet - YAY!  This is now one of my definite stops on the way to work at least once a week.  Love it!
3	Woohoo a close Jamba Juice! (And one without frequent lines!) Gasp. The staff here recognizes me every time I walk in, so I feel welcome here. Other than that, it's just like all the other ones.
5	Chains!I dont like to review super chains but i willI will make it short but just because I like this location at 1-17 and Thunderbird by best buy.I fell like its the best taken care of store with the nicest crew , especially in the morning!Just overall want to give the owners and staff props. If you go I recommend the Alhoa pineapple in small.
4	I have to admit I love to take my daughteer to Jamba Juice about once a week these days?? Why you ask with shock would I go to a chain??Because:a. they have a really big helping of fruit in there , have you seen the blender full of berries? b. it's fun!c. they have great service and it's in a great location d. they honor old expired coupons e. my daughter likes it and will enjoy fruit f. non fat  ( we don't get the fat laden penaut butter ones) g. I can add vitamins or boosts ( emember the ole SNL skit ...no boost! )h.  it's fasti. taste good and doesn't weigh me downDon't judge me  ...I am going to do it even if it's a chain...
4	Buy the reusable clear cup, now available in 24 oz. Not only will you get a discount, help save the earth, but it's an easy way to count your water intake!Ok, enough about the cup...Tried the new vegetable drink with beets in it...couldn't believe I actually liked it with beets and all! Very good!
4	I have been to several of the Jamba Juice locations throughout the valley and this one is by far the best.   They are very consistent and the staff is always super friendly.  My husband occasionally will stop in to pick up a smoothie for me and has also had nothing but positive experiences.     My favorite items at Jamba Juice are the Peach Pleasure smoothie, the Coldbuster smoothie and the Chunky Strawberry Topper yogurt parfait.   Give this location a try.
4	I frequent the Best Buy close to this Jamba Juice often, so it's actually a pretty convenient location for me. Staff is always friendly (like pretty much every other JJ). I usually go with my standard Razmatazz... but have lately been switching it up to Peanut Butter Moo'd. Mmmmmmm.....And good tip from Heather N. about the discount on the reusable clear cup -- i did not know that. Cool!
1	Awful experience at the jamba juice the other day. I was really craving a wheatgrass shot so I decided I was going to check out this jambe juice for the first time. When I get there I order a wheatgrass shot the guy tells me,"We just took it down, like just took it down. We close in thirty minutes and it takes thirty minutes to clean so I cant make any wheatgrass shots." (if he "just" closed it he could of opened it & I thought closing down equipment was something done after closing)I should of left then but I decide to get something. I order the green tea matcha. He makes the matcha and overfills the cup but still trys to put the lid on. He then takes a dirty rag he was earlier using to clean the counters and wipes the top of my drink and the straw to it as I am watching him in disgust. He realizes im watching him and just hands me the cup dripping green stuff everywhere and ozzing on the top of it. He then points and tells me "there you go, napkins are right there." Horrible customer service. I didn't drink the drink. In a hurry and not wanting to deal with the insulting employees. I just considered it 6 dollars wasted. Thank you Jamba Juice.  I go to juicebars to help my body stay healthy not sick from drinking your cleaner in my juice. Never again.
4	Been there twice and both time had been great experiences. Will definitely be back more often.
5	The girls here are always quick to wait on you, and fast to prepare your beverage. They know how to scan Groupons and are all around efficient and quick.Thanks for the great service.The Jamba is of course delicious!
1	I had a terrible customer experience at this location today which is franchise owned by a lady named Pam and her husband.  I went in to order a drink that I had ordered two days prior from the same store.  The lady who took my order was Pam.  She said she could not fill my order because she was told to stay away from special orders.  I asked if I could speak with the manager and she acted like she did not hear me.  After going back and forth I decided to order the Veggie Delight minus ginger.  Another cashier by the name of Gabriela came to the front to take my order, Pam was rude, pointed at me and said I don't know what she wants.  There was about 5 people behind me in line, so I placed my order and stood at the pick up counter.  They fixed my juice last and put ginger in my juice even though I requested none.  I asked who was the manager, and they gave me a name Dom.  Five minutes later another girl came from the back to refund my order.  I asked again who was the manager and she said she was.  I asked who was the owner and she said Pam and her husband.  I proceeded to tell her about the poor customer service.  She never apologized or offered to fix my drink.  I told the manager I felt like her staff was being racist and will never again come back to that establishment.
