3	Don Don is a restaurant I find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a TV. Oddly enough I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better. The food is average but I always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get Chinese food.
1	Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
2	Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.
2	I used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It's your typical low-end Chinese place. The last (and final) time I ordered here I just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While I was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.  As for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip. The workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness Don Don is lacking.
4	Delicious Singapore noodles and seafood delight. Crispy flavorful crab Rangoon, and cold sesame noodles done well (but could've used a bit more sauce). Excellent real Chinese food, friendly service.  Restaurant ambience: high school cheap date quality.
3	I came here with two friends prior to visiting Apis Meadery next door this past weekend.  I ordered the General Tso's chicken, and my friends ordered the sesame chicken, crab rangoon, and another appetizer (egg rolls?).  They ordered the combo with less meat, and I ordered the one with more--the names were very similar, which I found confusing. The food took quite a while to come up (~15 min.), so I'd suggest calling ahead if you're in a rush.  While we were waiting, the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in Chinese, and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery (probably the same person).To be honest, I'm not much of a fan of Americanized Chinese cuisine (I lived in Singapore for 3 mos. and have visited Hong King and Japan); it's been awhile since I've had it, and this dish reminded me why.  I don't care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce, nor do I care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes (I like to cut up my own meat, thank you very much), so the flavors and textures don't do much for me.  Having said that, my friends claimed this was the best Americanized Chinese fare they'd had in PGH (and they live in Squirrel Hill!), so if you're a fan of this cuisine, you can take that into consideration.If nothing else, this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead, which I appreciated.
1	All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.Our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.We asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon request?Over all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
