3	My partner and I were very hungry after happy hour at St. Elisabeth's Pub so we headed north on Saint Denis. This was the first restaurant we saw and they had a poster advertising $6.95 fajitas on Wednesdays. It was a Wednesday. And we miss Tex-Mex desperately after moving to New England. So guess where we had dinner?The place was packed and jamming Latin tunes. We snagged a table for two right by the front windows which made for great people-watching. They complementarily provided a small basket of chips and salsa. The basket was laughably small (well, everything IS bigger in Texas) and the salsa was....sweet...a little off...I think it had carrots. The margaritas were huge and flavorful, better than anything I've had in Boston. And my beef fajitas were pretty good. Also better than anything I've had in Boston. I suppose those are low standards. I would've loved it more if it came with rice (just lettuce, cheese, sour cream, salsa without carrots) and a little more guacamole. My partner had the spinach enchiladas which were probably the healthiest spinach enchiladas I've ever tasted. They had tons of spinach and not too much cheese. Overall, the place was loud and rowdy. Service attentive, but not hovering. And it's a chain.
2	Good service. Fast service. Bad food. I don't know who tells people north of Mexico what Mexican food is, but Fajitas, burritos, hard tortilla tacos, are NOT Mexican, and what they serve is not good.
1	WOW!!!Worst service and food in Montreal!!!!!What the hell!!! Where is my service??!?!? I can't even get water, napkins or even a menu!Sat down and ate the dog shit that they served me and left the hell out!!!DO NOT, repeat DO NOT go to this place. Waste of money and waste of time.I will tell everyone that travels to Montreal to never, eve, ever visit this place.If you are the owner reading this, EAT SHIIIIT AND DIE.
2	Typical lively Mexican dining place. Not our first choice but we had a friend meeting here. Our waiter seemed pressed most of the time, not paying attention, constantly requiring to be flagged down for water.Their frozen drinks were probably the highlight of the whole dining experience. Had the strawberry mango pina colada. Though not strong twell mixed. I ordered the taco dish, which came out with a large amount of bland rice and salad.
1	Horrible Restaurant!!! I showed up with friends for their $.69 tacos and ordered a quesadilla and margarita. There was no room for our group to wait while our table was prepared so we all ended up standing along a long, skinny hallway at the entrance till we could be seated. The Restaurant is full of outdated tables and chair and is clearly in desperate need of a renovation. The margarita was bland and my quesadilla took forever to make it's way out of the kitchen. When it did arrive, it was the worst quesadilla I've ever had! I've only ever sent back one other dish in my live, and I found myself forced to sent it back. Ingredients weren't cooked properly and it had pieces of food not listed on the menu, that I've never even remotely heard of being in a quesadilla. In summary, I would never go their again, and would advise my friends not to go there either, unless they made drastic changes!
4	Dunno why so much hate for this place on Yelp.My gf and I thought the food was delicious, maybe Montreal residents don't like Spanish food? This is coming from someone that lives 10 min away from the most ethnic Mexican neighborhoods in Queens.The servings were very generous and delicious. It wasn't that crowded on a cold  Montreal night but the servers were very nice. I would totally go back to this place when I return to Montreal.
1	I came here with some friends, and was utterly disappointed. I ordered the fajitas, and the meat was limited. I had 15 pitas but 8 pieces of meat, a little cup of guacamole, and lots of onions. What is that? The service was slow, it took 10 minutes for the waiter to collect payment, but took less then a minute to bring the bill.
2	It's better than Taco Bell.If you're looking for an American's take on Mexican food, 3 Amigos is a winner. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food... Keep looking... You won't find any of it here.
3	I wasnt expecting much from such a place, but the meal was ok.  I am amazed that the place is packed with such a good variety of other restaurants around.  I had the quesadillas and they were decent.  I would recommend you find another more authentic mexican place.
2	The night my friend and I decided to go to 3 Amigos was a very good case of simple curiosity, high hopes, and then the sobering and crashing reality. I don't have my qualms with bad Mexican food, hell I eat at Taco Bell at least once a month and that is about as shitty as it gets but when I go to a sit down Mexican restaurant I expect a higher standard. Now, don't get me wrong 3 Amigos was not Taco Bell quality, it was higher quality food but prepared hastily served by an unhappy waiter who was practically chewing his nails to get out of work.  When walking into the faux-fiesta lit restaurant I really wanted to enjoy myself but the poor quality food and lack-luster waiter who paid most attention to us when it came time to tip than he did the rest of the evening, did not meet my standards for a good dining experience. The waiter unfortunately was moody the whole time he was serving us but I chose to ignore the fact and plot my revenge later on Yelp. I ordered sangria which was more water than wine and an enchilada that was served with poor cuts of chicken breast topped in a very dismal green sauce. I wanted kick and spice, hadn't any of these people seen Speedy Gonzalez? Mexican food should always strive to get that kind of reaction out of people. Perhaps the Canadians are too far away from Mexico to understand the treats of a quality enchilada but I was less than impressed with the dish (If you wanted a witty remark like "Fiesta? More like Siesta!" unfortunately you won't find it here).  In the end the price was definitely not worth it. St. Denis is a large street with many options, you want good booze? Try the Microbrewery, Les 3 Brasseurs, across the street. You want ethnic food? Try Zyng right up the block. Both will do food and booze much more justice than this place. The waiter, the loud overwhelming atmosphere, and the poor excuse for ethnic food, to me were not worth the near $50 I spent when there are plenty of other better and cheaper options on such an active street.
2	The lamb that I had was good and to be fair, it was a generous portion for the base price. If you're not going to have any alcoholic drinks, just order water as the soda glasses are smaller than what you might desire and refills are not free. I give this place two stars because of the extremely inattentive and sparse waiter service. Although we were seated in a reasonable amount of time, the long time that it took for a server to come to our table was unacceptable. It got to the point where I suggested that everyone close their menus to give the hint that we were ready to order. After our food was delivered (which did not take too long), any and all concept of service just evaporated from the air. A server was impossible to track down or call, almost as if they were purposely ignoring our table. I had to get up and go to what looked like a bar to ask for a simple glass of water. I ran into my waiter at that point and asked for the glass sternly as I knew that he wouldn't have come to our table again except to bring us the bill. When it did come time to pay, I gave a measly one dollar tip only because I had to cough up something. If you're crazy about Mexican food, go somewhere else. There are better restaurants in Montreal, especially in this neck of the woods!
1	I really should have known better.  I tend to cook TexMex for myself because I have yet to find something I really enjoy in Montreal.  But I was on my way to the movie theatre, I stopped to look at the menu out of curiosity, and I saw that they had flautas.  I love flautas; I cannot make flautas; I went in.  They bring you chips and salsa, which is very nice.  The salsa is cold (and pretty clearly from a can or whatever), but it's still something to eat while you wait.I ordered the flautas.  The flautas are actually chicken egg rolls, which I guess qualifies as a flauta but is a shame nonetheless.  The rice that comes with it is tasty, but the fruity salsa is odd, flautas are better when they have a crunchy shell instead of a fluffy one, and the service could have been a bit friendlier.I won't be returning.
3	Goodness gracious me!Karma is as karma does, and I hope fellow Yelpers send me some good karma to offset the one I'm about to gather through this review.I'm torn. 3 Amigos is, for the more experienced Montrealer and visitor, a sort of stable reference point - when other options are exhausted (or it's too cold to walk anywhere else, often the case north of the 45th parallel), you know there's ALWAYS 3 Amigos. Just like your weird relative in another town, because everybody has one - you know you might not want to, but you can always crash at their place if needs be.Well, critical reviews are best done quickly, just like tooth extractions. Yes, it is crowded, loud; the service can be very slow and can feel inattentive at times, and the food justifies the price but not the points mentioned just prior.One gimmick some will appreciate consists of the margaritas. A cocktail served in a glass as big as your head is sure to start a conversation! However tempting this course of action may be, player be warned: you better be a good talker and a good listener, coz even a double margarita won't make you any more attractive to your date. Science tells us two shots of tequila in a bucket of water equal water tasting funny.Well, at least after a double margarita and food at 3 Amigos at the end of the night you could very probably be legal to drive - and it better be a Lamborghini in order to impress your unimpressed (so far) date. Low-rider + Montreal's potholes = romantic stargazing while you're being towed. No, there is no winning. Just come as you are - chilled-out, cold and hungry - knowing what you're getting into. I can enjoy it and I will return. And, whatever you do, TIP. Your waiter is over-taxed, eardrums bleeding and is probably either over-qualified for his job by a mile and dreaming of saving up for moving out West, or a hopelessly unappreciated artist who appears to his landlord in his worst nightmare.
1	i wish i had read the reviews before wasting money and my healthy stomach on the bad food and horrid drink.  A big slushy messy 'marquirita' that had no taste, and disgusting tacos with old tasting shells. Flacid salad and rice that looked like it came from a prison serving line. TOTAL regret, then after I ate i began to feel very hot, and had extremely bad runny yes....get ready...diarrhea... DO NOT EAT HERE.
1	Stick to drinks. The food is disgusting. I returned my plate; they charged me anyway. It's not even bad texmex; it's just bad all together. It's nearby work so crew likes to go there; I stick to drinks.
1	Service was completely awful... Ordered a margarita it tasted like straight sour mix... Asked for a different drink manager was rude... Save your money the food sucks too :(
4	Yummy food and cozy placeWorth it to give it a try good food friendly staff... The quality of the food has a room for improvement
2	I decided to try this place out despite the bad reviews because it was packed.  This was probably due to it being 69 cent taco night (Sunday).  It was a mistake.  The chips and salsa were both bland,  my diet coke was watered down,  and the 69 cent tacos were also very bland.  My girlfriend ordered a margarita with no salt,  which arrived with salt.  We told the waiter she asked for no salt and he argued with us,  saying she never said that.  She just settled for what was brought to her.  After we asked for the check the waiter walked by several times serving other tables until we had to ask for the check a second time.  The service sucked and so did the food.  The only good thing about the experience was the price.  I don't recommend it.
5	We thought the place would be decent- but we were blown away! Meyranie gave prompt and excellent service and was very sweet and patient when we attempted to speak french.The beef burrito and veggie quesadilla were very tasty, filling, and presented wonderfully.What a great first meal in Montreal!!!!
4	We stepped into Three Amigos after being at a huge metal festival near mid-night. The staff member who sat us down and served us was Thomas. He brought water, chips and salsa within 5 minutes, he took orders and we got them about 10 minutes later. Thomas was great he was working several tables and the place was full because of the concert. The Shrimp Taco Special had a decent amount of shrimp, it wasn't greasy just a nice combo of Mexican spices/sauce, shrimp, cabbage, and cheese.  Other things on the plate: rice, black beans (very small amount) and a small mixed salad. Overall it was a good meal and service.
2	3 Amigos is meh. It is so meh that I think it defines meh. I think meh should be added to the dictionary with this restaurant as its description.The hostess and the two waiters we interacted with were very rude. Suffice to say, they did not seem like our three amigos. Maybe our three frenemies, at best. They didn't really seem to want to seat us or take our order, and I just KNOW that our main waiter avoided our eye-contact whenever possible. It hurt - right in the feelings.The food is alright. Little things - would have traded more guacamole for less  chips. And calling it the best guacamole in town is definitely a stretch. It's alright. It's guac. Margaritas were super sweet and tasted synthetic. Will this green concoction turn me into the Green Lantern? Only time will tell.There are so many great restaurants to explore in Montreal! Don't let this one steal your fun away, no matter how festive those sombreros look from across the street.
1	This place is dirty and disgusting,  I should have taken a picture of the menu it was dirty and falling apart. Avoid
