5	I have worked with Craig over the years and found him to be exceptionally intelligent and very knowledgeable. I would not hesitate to recommend him.
5	Great service and very professional. Thanks to Craig and his staff.
5	I've known Craig Cherney personally and professionally for almost 5 years now.  When I first met Craig I was in the midst of a divorce and financial hardship facing bankruptcy and foreclosure.  I found Craig a calm and reassuring voice helping me find solutions as I faced the legal maze ahead of me.  I admire his intelligence, his work ethic, his productivity, and his knowledge base.  For example, Craig has passed the bar exam and is a licensed attorney in three states, CA, NV and AZ; during that time he has been practicing law for 16 years.  I've found his broad legal experience helpful throughout domestic legal challenges, financial hardship and even real estate.  Every challenge I have faced with Craig's assistance, we have prevailed.  I would highly recommend retaining his services.  Craig works hard and efficiently.  I've always found him reasonable to work with and a compelling value.
5	I went to E&C based on the yelp reviews and I was not dissapointed.  They deserve all 5 stars and then some. I had some concerns around child support (ex is acting weird, but that is why they are ex's-correct? ) The office scheduled me a timely manner (immediate) and was flexi when I couldn't make the 1st meeting. Craig was sympathetic, uber professional and def a subject matter expert. He took his time to explain to me, what is what, and even gave me several strategic scenarios of how we could do the needful. All in all, I highly recommend and will def use in the future.
5	I turned to Mr. Cherney for a second opinion after receiving frustrating results from another firm.   Craig provided proactive legal research that resulted in a sizable win on an issue that couldn't be previously resolved.  He found legal precedence that was indisputable and ultimately resulted in my favor.  I couldn't have been happier. It felt great to finally have someone fighting on my behalf.
5	Mr.Cherney and his entire staff was very professional and has complete knowlege of diffrent aspects of the legal system.
5	Very impressed with Mr. Cherney's  professionalism, experience and knowledge of the law.
