5	I have been going here for almost a year and love this place.  I go for a monthly pedi with my friend and I have NEVER been disappointed.  They do an excellent job!!!   I highly recommend!!!
5	They do gel manicures very well. Mine stayed for weeks!
1	I went here when I was unable to get in at Nail Art and Spa, my regular place.  BIG MISTAKE!  Totally different gel nails than at Nail Art and Spa.  Polish looks AWFUL, huge gap between nail and cuticle, polish on my thumb nail already chipping after one day.  Nothing was even done to my cuticles.  Didn't seem sanitary to me at all...same tools used on everyone. Signs everywhere, "please tip in cash". Will never go back, now I need to go back to Nail Art and Spa to get this mess fixed.  If you want a quality manicure give Nail Art and Spa on Odana Rd. a try - same price as this dive.
1	Maybe it was the timing...but I had the worst experience of my life and I've had some pretty bad nail salon experiences.Although I want to shout and shake my fist, instead I'll give some constructive criticism:*invest in bigger UV drier for gel nails (not one that fits only 4 fingers) and one that has a longer setting than 30 seconds* DON'T' ALLOW OTHER CUSTOMERS TO PLAY THEIR OWN MUSIC FROM THEIR PHONES!!!!!!!!! Seriously!!*Don't tell people that you can accommodate their services when you obviously can't* Where is your price list? *invest in actual, legitimate signs that are professionally printed. Not something written with a sharpie*don't loudly announce what someone left another technician for tip*don't let the employees and owner/manager have their cell phone ringer on high and actually take phone calls.*don't have someone take their shoes off and stick their feet in a bath while you call on your cell phone while you are doing my nails to come and take care of this other customer's service. *don't let your employees perform services while their hair are in rollers*ASK YOUR CUSTOMERS IF THEY WANT THEIR NAILS SHORTER AND WHAT SHAPE THEY WANT IT IN. *don't try and serve two customers at the same time (I ended up refiling my own nails on one hand...and then the second time she left me I had to dry my own nails under the UV and reset the timer on it every 30 seconds)*DON'T FILE SOMEONE ELSE'S ACRYLIC NAILS, GET THE ACRYLIC DUST ALL OVER YOUR HANDS AND ARMS, AND THEN IMMEDIATELY PUMP LOTION ON YOUR HAND AND GIVE ME A "HAND MASSAGE" THAT IS GRITTY FROM ALL OF THE ACRYLIC DUST FROM SOMEONE ELSE'S NAILS.
5	Wow!   This was the best pedicure that I have had in a long time.  I had one not too long ago at Oasis Day Spa for $60 and it didn't even compare.  They recently got new massage pedicure chairs that are amazing! For only $30.00 it was really great service.  They really take their time and give you an amazing foot and leg massage and the people are extremely friendly.  They even offered us each a bottle of water when we walked in.  I will definitely be back and I sent my mom there and she loved it too!  No more groupon pedicures for me!
4	Very good quality gels. Fast and efficient.
4	I had a pedicure- it was fabulous! There was definitely a language barrier which was a little uncomfortable & resulted in my nails shaped a little shorter than I wanted. Regardless, the technician was very nice and thorough. The basic pedicure comes with a paraffin treatment which was lovely.
4	I like going here, besides that its within walking distance to my house :)Open on Sundays 11 - 6, which is new. They take walkins but you should call ahead just in case.They have competitive prices and a frequent buyer card. They also have heat color changing shellac polish, which is awesome.It's small though, 4 nail stations and 4 pedi stations. They also only have the Gelish brand of shellac, so if you want something different this isn't your place.Friendly staff too.
2	The workers are very talkative and fun. I went for a pedicure while my friend got a manicure. Although the prices on their wall say $30 for a pedicure and $20 for a manicure we ended up paying $50 and $35. I'm assuming because they failed to mention that the colors they handed us to choose from were gel and would cost more. The pedicure was nice, for the most part, but the woman kept using a towel to rub my toes and I left bleeding. Not a good experience.
4	I got a very nice spa pedicure. The technician spent a lot of time shaping my toe nails and massaging my feet and legs. My only complaint is that they had Jerry Springer on the tv the entire time. It was hard to relax when people on the show were fighting.
5	I LOVE coming to natural nails for pedicures. I have been to  lots of nail salons in Madison and this is by far the best!! They take their time, give you long hand/foot massages and are VERY friendly. Mary is wonderful!!!!
