5	Love it. Great coffee and service with a smile!
5	Friendly staff good coffee to start the day and Fish Taco Tuesdays are GREAT
2	Driving south from Maricopa I couldn't help noticing the sign "Grilled Fish Tacos." To my surprise, I pull into the strip mall parking lot to find a dude with a gas powered burner plate. He tells me to pay for the tacos inside, so I purchase two at 3.00/ea.  I give him the receipt and he proceeds to batter two pieces of fish and adds a bunch of oil while it cooks. My first thought is this is not grilled, but fried, but I decide not to make a fuss. When it's done he hands me two tortillas each with a piece of fried fish the size of my pinkie finger. I go back inside the coffee shop to show the tacos to the lady at the counter. She responds by directing me to a tabletop area with some exposed condiments, and proceeds outside to reprimand her employee when it (the size/quantity of the fish) was no fault of his. Instead, it's the management that decides to charge 3 dollars for about 30 cents worth of food. Never meant to be lunch, but merely a snack.I'm sure their coffee and other menu items are decent, but they should stay out of the taco business! Take my advice, if you're in the mood for fish tacos and have the unfortunate experience of being in the Casa Grande AZ area, ignore the sign and head further into town to Rubios or some other place that's known for fish tacos.
5	Love their zucchini muffins!!!!!!!!!
4	I LOVE the girls there at the Cafe. They are always ready to wait on me and give me a HUG. Their pastries are excellent, (with NO CALORIES, LOL) . The brownies are delicious. The sandwiches are real tasty. Try out the Cafe, you won't be disappointed. Friendly, good food, and HUGS, where can you go for all that !!! Wendy
5	Highly recommend!!! A locally owned and operated coffee shop that can use your support. Come for the fresh coffee, delicious sandwiches and fish tacos stay for the great personable friendly service.
5	Great coffee, great food, and great pastries! In such a small town, it is such a pleasure to have such a great locally owned coffee shop. Definitely stop in if you live in CG, or if you are just rolling through. You will be treated well, and leave with some great food.
5	Your egg salad is the best and I love all the goodies you guys bring around on Friday.  Thanks for everything!
5	Great food, great people. The fish tacos are cooked on a grill while you wait! No deep fry here.The mango tea is also worth getting as is their home made mango  salad. Go in say hiand eat well.
5	Had a couple of meals while RV camping nearby. Excellent food and a wonderful mom & pop restaurant. Staff is eager to please, and the fish tacos are grilled to perfection. There is a nice outside seating patio when the weather cooperates.
