5	We had a great experience with Rite Carpets.  Called on a Monday morning to come look at options, went in and was greeted and helped by Bill who really knows his stuff.  I thought looking at their huge warehouse that I would be overwhelmed by selections but after a brief convo with Bill he helped us narrow it down pretty quickly.  We took home samples and made our decision, and the carpet was installed within a week thereafter.  The day of install, they showed up on time, worked quickly and efficiently (true professionals), and left with no issues.  We love our new carpet and felt the value was definitely there!  We shopped around with some of the "big name" carpet places that you see spending all kinds of money on fancy commercials and jingles, but if you want an honest, old fashioned, fairly-priced experience, support the "little guys" at Rite Carpet!
1	Never have I wanted to punch a sales guy in the face more than when we visited Rite Carpets. In fact, he told me he was the owner. I find that hard to believe because this guy was so rude, there's no way he has kept this place in business for this many years. Not only did he tell us that we were wrong with every bit of information we gave about our project, but also told us that we trying to confuse him because we were "rattling off too many numbers and measurements". If you can't keep up buddy, get a job where you don't deal with people and measurements! We will never do business here again and will make sure everyone of our colleagues knows that this place is a joke.
5	I have been to this store twice and have been happy and impressed with the level of service and caring every time. This last time I was there was a couple weekends ago. My boyfriend and I needed just a little bit of carpet and everywhere we went, no one seemed to have wanted to help us - until we came here. There was a woman at the front (who I believe helped me last time and she was fantastic!) and a man as well. The man helped us out. He took the time to walk us around the store and helped us to match the carpet piece we brought in. It is a big store with a lot to choose from so it was really nice for him to do so, especially knowing that we weren't doing an entire house or anything big. He quickly found what we needed and we were in and out just like that.It was a great experience and we will definitely be using this place when we are ready to do our whole house. I would not give my business to anyone else after the 2 great experiences I had in this place. I would highly recommend using them for any of your flooring needs!!
