1	Run away! Pay more and get a decent pedicure somewhere else!Over the years I have been to dozens of salons for all differents types of pedicures. I've had $5 pedis and $100 pedis. Regals pedicure was by far the worst pedicure I have ever had. Lack of ServiceDuring my pedicure the nail tech hardly looked at me, instead she watched the T.V mounted in the corner. Her maasage was only smearing lotion on my legs. A typical pedicure should last from 45 min-1 hour. This lady had me out of the chair in less than 30 minutes. Pedicures Shouldn't Harm YouDuring the smoothing of my feet she actually rubbed a hole in my foot- it was bleeding and everything!! She didn't even notice!! Now 10 days later I still can't wear closed toed shoes because of the cut.$$$The price I paid for my pedi was almost double what was advertised. It turned out that during my pedi the tech asked me if I wanted her to remove callouses, use sea salt, etc. Each question she asked turned into a $3-5 charge without her mentioning the price addition. Your $20 pedi only includes a short massage and polish- everything else is extra. One Postive ThingThe only thing that turned out nice was the paint job on my toes. The end result looked good-- if you don't notice the hole in the side of my foot.This is truly a lesson to me about getting what you pay for. If you go cheap you get cheap service. Never again!
1	Came here to get repair my gel nails.... Horrible service! Charged 5 bucks just to remove my nail polish! Seriously! I could of done it my self for free! Then the tech kept asking VERY personal questions about my life!!! Dude... Iam not here to get a therapy but get my nails done! I ended up just getting my nail polish removed and walked out!Rude service!
5	The ladies that did my mom and my nails were really nice! They did great with our nails! 11$ for regular nail polish and 5$ extra for a French. I say it was a good deal!
1	I came in to get my pedicure and a fill for my daughters wedding.  But the nail tech did a poor job with my pink and white gel polish leaving old polish on my acrylic and lines in the pink part he didn't even polish the pink part of my nails.  I WON'T be going back.  Will pay more or at least go somewhere where the nail techs do a nice job and care about their workmanship!!!!!!
