2	This Subway is closest to me, but I'd rather travel to another. While there are a handful of friendly employees here, the majority of them are not. They usually don't clean the knife in between sandwiches so my sandwich will be covered in whatever the person in front of me ordered. This location seems to constantly run out of bread and be left with only one type even in the afternoons. I've gone several times where the employees have closed 15-20 mins early and make me feel like a bother for trying to get a sandwich when they are still open. The last time I went there was no air conditioning on in the store even though it is really hot out, so my cold sub felt like it was toasted by the time I got it. The meat was disgusting and hot and when I contacted the manager asking for a refund, I was ignored.
3	I was in Arizona for interview last Monday, June 4th and was happy to find this Subway close to the place I had my interview with.Not the greatest Subway but not too bad either. I guess I lucked out receiving awesome service from the employees that were there during my visit.   I got my sandwich as I ordered it.The place needs to be cleaned more often is what I'd recommend.  Thank you for my yummy quick lunch!
3	It's Subway. So, I don't expect much outside of the sandwich itself. So the place is not a place for date night, OK? Well, maybe it'll do if you're a teenager or somethin'. I just go in, order my food, and leave. It's been a long time since I've eaten there and I remember being stressed about it. Nope, it's not the cleanest place around. It's Subway, people. So long as it's sanitary where they fix my food and clean in the bathrooms, I'll be back. Fast, fresh, friendly service gets this place 3 stars. If they offered more variety of chips and kept the tables wiped in a more timely fashion, they'd earn another star.Bottom line: it's fresh bread, fresh toppings, fast service at a decent price
4	OK, it's a Subway, you know what to expect, if you want a higher end sandwich there are other higher priced options within a stones throw of this location. I'm just giving it 4 stars on those expectations. And the fact that I used to avoid this specific location, but it has improved a great deal.The employees have consistently been nice over the last 3 visits (over a few months) clean location and very quick.Even going so far as to recommend I order another sub but have it dressed differently in order to save money on my order! Losing money on one sale, but making it up in repeat visits.The bread situation as described by others seems to have improved, so they usually have the loafs that I want, which is a real perk.Also the food tastes fresh, which was a problem before, perhaps they used to over prep things and store them to long? Either way, things taste better now, the price is right, and the folks are nice.For decent cheap fastish food that's not designed to impress, it's a win.(I call it fastish because fast food had a drive through IMHO)There is better to be had in the area, but not for the price, and especially if you like a lot of things on your sammy this is a great choice
