4	I'm biased b/c i worked here for two years while on campus. But this subway is much cleaner than the one on John St.  However, dont count on them staying open as late as they say on the door. Serving drunk college students is the worst job ever, so they often close before the already drunk pre-bar crowd
3	Another one of those places I go to just because I need to grab a quick eat. Although it's just your  typical subway, the service here is better than what I'm used to at Subways where they just grunt at you about which condiments you would like.
1	So one afternoon, stopped by to eat a chicken teriyaki sandwich. Looked pretty good.I have this weird thing of chopping my subs into one bite sizes, so was doing that as usual.after I have half of my sub, I find a piece of chiken..... pink inside.They served me a half raw chicken sub!I mean, I noticed this cause of my weird hobby of chopping my sandwich but if I didn't, I probably wouldn't of noticed. . .  don't wanna think about that.I went to show them that and, they remade me a new chicken teriyaki sub (which was nice) but. . .  I totally lost my appitite and was scared of imagening finding another half raw chicken in my sandwich.There's other subway's in town so probably go to those, never back to this one.
3	Great place for subs while running between classes! Although, there's always a long line right around lunch-time, so get there early or plan on getting a late lunch.
3	It's great during lunch hours when everything's packed. They work real quick, you're normally out in less than 5 minutes.When it's not lunch time, though... it seems like the employees become really lazy and lethargic. It takes them forever to do anything. They also start putting away the seating hours before closing time to discourage more customers. I mean, there have been occasions when I've walked in about 2 hours before closing and I swear I saw resentment and boredom in their eyes. Oh noes, not another customer. :(But it is one of the healthiest places to eat and I've always liked Subway, so they get points for that.
