4	Okay, if you would have asked me what I thought of Menards when I was like 10 years old, I would have said "I fucking hate that place". I didn't swear when I was 10, but I probably would have if you asked me that.My parents did nothing but drag my sister and I to car lots, boat lots, and Menards on the weekends.  I remember so many long Saturdays of going to look at boats, and sitting in the car with my sister for an hour trying not to beat the shit out of each other, and then going to Menards  and being dragged around the store for like EVER.Now that I am all grown up, I will go there for door knobs and screws, and plastic for the windows, and whatever else.  It basically has everything, and now I totally get it.Plus, I totally love that they have the same song playing that they have had since the dawn of time playing on the loudspeakers.
1	Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work, not a good corporate citizen, and a terrible customer for its' vendors.  Spend your money in a local hardware store.
2	I've been in a Menards a LOT ever since I was a young kid following my Dad around on the weekends. However, this review is mostly based off of a shopping experience that I undertook there.I was in the market for a couch and shopped around at a lot of places, wasn't looking for anything too fancy or expensive. Someone gave me a tip that Menards was selling a decent one for $250 so I went in to check it out (this was their East Towne location). After giving it a day of thought I decided to pull the trigger. I called the east side and they said they only had the floor model left (they were priced to sell). I asked if their other two locations had some in stock, and they said the west side did, so I called the west side and had one put on hold so I could buy it that evening.Get to the west side and they have the loveseat, not the couch. ARGGG, I thought these things were organized by SKU, you messed up on the store computer on that one, East Side. The Monona location still has one left though! It's the floor model, but now it's $200 (after $50 rebate). OK, fine. I go to the Monona location and ask if I can buy it now and pick it up in a few days when I can borrow my dad's trailer and haul it to my apartment. They say "No" we don't do prepay anymore. Darn. I ask if I can put it on hold and my dad can alter his schedule so that he can pick it up tomorrow morning (this was a deal on a couch that I didn't want to let get away). The sales associate calls his manager and they make a big exception for me. That I'm happy with, and I commend them for being flexible.However, I go to put it on hold, and they say that I need to pay for it now when I put it on hold. What??? So you first say that Menards doesn't do prepay (pay now, pick up later), but when I put something on hold to buy and pick up later, I have to pay now? What's the difference???Anyway, I'm happy that I found such a deal, and I'm happy that they were willing to make a small exception to their rules, but Menards you really need to get your stuff together.
2	When walking into this store you get the impression of distrust right off the bat. You walk into a highly secure well thought out maze that forces you past all of their high profit items or whatever they want you to see on the way to your can of WD-40. They just "remodeled" the Monona store and made it much larger (like it wasn't large enough already), and it is now ridiculously large, to the point I will not go back unless I absolutely HAVE to. I am  partially disabled and can have a difficult time walking, so when a store forces you to walk through needless extra aisles it becomes very daunting.This store seems "artificially" large and there is a TON of wasted space, it appears that they made the store as large as they legally could, and for no other reason than that.I also resent being distrusted to such a high degree. I fully understand that they must maintain a secure place, but Mernard's makes it super obvious. On the subject of distrust, I think they may distrust their employees even more than the customers. This is blatantly obvious when the cashiers have to get a manager's approval to accept a $20 bill or do any sort of pricing change in correcting one of their all to frequent "computer goofs"(funny how these "innocent" computer error/ pricing over-rings are ALWAYS in their favor).  They also boast a computer at the customer svc.counter displaying the Menard's website, but it doesn't go "on-line".  They offer a price guarantee but have no way to verify or look up a competitor's price due to this seemingly and prevailing level of distrust of everyone.I will give Monona Menard's props in just ONE area (Monona Menard's has an extra large wood shed and selection) and that is their lumber quality and selection. They have the most extensive assortment of awesome quality lumber I have ever seen in any lumber retailer anywhere. They have lumber assorted by species and size and it is not all culled and picked over, it is always nice, clean and straight. If I have to ever return here it will be only for the lumber and building materials selection which is far superior to The HD or Lows.
3	This place might get 3.5 stars really, but the lack of wasp spray had me downgrade a smidge. We stopped in here looking for 2 things: some wood stain touch-up stuff and wasp spray. They had numerous options for the first, but none for the latter. We were told it existed, but among the myriad ant, mosquito, bedbug, spider and even mole repellent/fogger/eliminator, there was nothing for wee flying beasties. However, I did learn they are carrying couches seasonally. And that was good news.
2	This past summer I built a new expanded porch on the front of my house. In the process I went to home improvement stores a lot. This Menards was recently remodeled and expanded. The yard area out back is much nicer and easier to get around than it used to be. The inside is huge, but arranged poorly. Now when you need to order stuff from the yard you have to go to the back corner farthest from the entrance. I get that they want you to wander through and maybe pick up random crap, but when all you need is bags on concrete it's annoying to have to make that trek. The new checkout lines are set up in a really dumb way. It forces the checkout person to have their back to you for most of the time that they are checking you out and you have to bag things yourself now. Inside the store I've had to hunt around when I did need help with something, but once found they sales people would be helpful. In the yard you can rarely find anyone to help with locating products or loading the heavier stuff.
2	Why is it that no two Menards stores are arranged or laid out in the same manner? I mean, seriously - I don't get it. Perhaps it has something to do with the relative age of each store? If that's the case, this particular location must have been "Plan C" for "chaotic."I know my way around the west side Menards like the back of my hand. It never takes me more than a few minutes to run in, grab what I need and get back home.This store; holy cats. It's like someone made a list of all of the departments, threw them into a big top hat, shook the hat vigorously, and then dumped it onto a floor plan.Examples: you've just purchased a new faucet and would like to replace the faucet lines and fittings. One would reason to think these components would be located within a few aisles of one another... HA! Gotchya! They're nowhere near one another!Need a mirror to go with that new faucet? You'll be making a trip to the PAINT department for that, which seems entirely logical to me (insert eye roll).I could go on, but you get the idea.At least the checkout folks are friendly. The same can't really be said for the few department staff I've dealt with; on a recent visit, two department guys were standing in the middle of an aisle talking about how "f-ing dumb" a previous customer was. Nice.In general, I'm a fan of Menards - especially the west side store. This one? Not so much.
3	I just keep going.  Why?  Because we do not have a Lowe's.  I stopped in for a sale on Klement's brats.  I am a sucker for a sale.  10am, one line open.  A quick stop for some brats and it took me 30 minutes.  Lesson learned, money saved is time spent.
1	Customer service...by manager or underling at times can be a disappointing and ingrained experience.   I love hardware stores  in general for the inspiration and fun brainstorming provided with staff for non traditional challenges. Which  I then buy the products suggested after brainstorming...I am happy, the employee knows that I know he's smart because he endevored for a solution so he's happy , and menards corporation is happy because they made another sale $$.  I am also o.k. understanding This  scenario is great if... managers,  department heads,  employees who are not managers, -Did not talk about how they punished another employee for something frivolous and petty deed by assigning him with a undesirable task multiple times near other customers.-Employees whom you have never met before turn there back on you, and when you quicken your step and say "Excuse me, could I ask a question" for just being pointed the right direction,  not  ten feet in front of you turn down an isle and out of sight.Yes they did hear you but you are just another bothersome customer.-Approach with a smile inquiring about the pricing of a plant, have the employee who is apart of the department hear the the exchange of inquiry 14 feet away glancing at you while organizing a shelf, not aproach, making the non gardening recipient search for ten minutes for him.  He is found...And you ask you self this question...why did this person not come over?  She found him.    To surprise whch was to be the same guy 14 feet away...I did not aproach him after she went to go find someone because he made no motion, or inclination to talk, and he stepped out of site as soon as she announced let me find someone. And because before talking to the young lady, I approached him first with an "Excuse Me".  Of which he did not respond so I assumed maybe he was someone sent to to this department over inventory discrepancies.(Exept standing there straitening items on the shelves like an office clerk would at a desk if there had not had any calls or clerical duties recieved to be done for awhile.)I will not go into detail but I found out why this employee was still employed...this manager who he returned with or maybe even managers are fostering an environment very much not conductive to employee teamwork,...favouritism, privilege removing, snubbing, false appearances in helping others among employees are hallmarks of a work place many sincere and hardworking individuals leave to work somewhere else.  Leaving the creepy employees behind.Yes,..it's not just the customer...the employees who work with these or under these "duds"  do have to put up with the same stupid crap that the customers do."managers overlooking sour laden behaviour because they do it them selfs." Yes even the managers above the mangers and so on.They give the well behaved underlings a hard time in subtle and stealthy ways because any employee who is at all showing that they value doing things the right way, threatens their position.  "Insecure people need to not have there inner sense of authority threatened thus are the cause of a miserable work place. Therefore do soul sucking things to keep this invisible balance."  And the poor attitude gets directed at you the customer also.  Yes these not so great workers at menards do to you, what they would do to thier coworkers becuase there are not really consequences and the social environment this menards location promotes and feeds , keeps this type of thinking and way of being alive.  Thriving in the support brought be misscommunication and acknowledgment among select employees inadvertently or overtly that this is o.k.!!I love menards....and the inspiration it brings.   I have grown up beings menards fan.But from what I know of the Menona Wisconsin  (Sadly the closest menards store.)Give the few good employees who actually do a good job lots of praise because you the "Awsome happy relaxed undemanding customer" who made their day. (Which true costomer service oriented employees are motivated by genuine thank yous thus strives for them). So keep this in mind... When you leave the store location...these few exceptional employees cannot until their shift is over and so are in crapster job becuase of what I have mentioned above.I have witnessed or encountered at least two other top customer service or job responsibility inventory tracking fails...besides what is mentioned above.  STAR Level:   ONE!!
