5	Let me just start by saying, I know nothing about art. Ok. Now that I have lost all credibility as a reviewer of an art gallery, let me continue by saying one more time...I know nothing about art. Therein lies the charm of this gallery. I've been here a few times on a few different occasions. Yelp events, First Fridays etc. Brett, the owner of this gallery is very approachable, and has a certain panache surrounding him. It shows in the gallery. Ask him what kinds of artists he likes to feature. His answer may surprise you. The way he explains different pieces of art, the inspirations for certain artists and his own passion for creative space--makes this gallery friendly to those new to the art scene, as well as the seasoned collector.I'd come back in, just to learn more about certain pieces. And hopefully someday, to purchase.I may know nothing about art, but I know where I need to go to fix that.
5	Great little modern art gallery tucked away in the art's district of Las Vegas. If your in the area or in the market for some great modern art, stop by Brett's gallery when you have a chance. This place is second to none.
5	We ended our last Elite event at this gallery and I came back a few weeks later during First Friday. I love this place. The space is modern ,open and sleek. The art is smartly chosen and placed to compliment the space and they do not overburden their space with too much art that it takes away from the impact of collections. Many galleries are just a place to hang things, here the art and the building lend well onto each other. Currently they have John Bell's show and various artist upstairs. I do like Bell's work since it mashes up all kinds of styles into one piece. The "Einstein" is one of my favorites and if it was so easy to be rolling in extra dough, that would have come home with me. I just have to poke and prod the BF to win a poker tournament and invest. The standout though is the people whose labor of love this is. Brett and Victoria have been the most approachable and friendly of the gallery owners and artists I've met. There are many people passionate about art, but sometimes I feel in their education they lost their way to connect with people.  I do love art and play with various art mediums at home, but am no means an expert even with my exposure to art. I hate being treated like the "artsies" are far too above me to talk. I appreciate when I find passionate curators,owners, artist who do not talk down at the general public but instead share their love with everyone. Words from someone who feels art sometimes is more inspiring and have lasting impact on a person than the pieces themselves. Thank you Brett and Victoria for your words and positive energy. With that positivity and seeing John Bell- I have unpacked my art tools and started expressing myself again.
5	Great new space in the 18b Arts District.
5	Attended the opening of "Rise" by Peter Fox.  This was my first time at The Brett Wesley Gallery.  I was impressed.  The building itself was pristine inside and out.  I did like the Fox exhibit- but I actually wish there were more pieces.  The upstairs had a Brett Sperry photo exhibit that faced outside onto an outdoor patio.  This gallery is charming and beautiful.  If you are in the mood to be enlightened, drive downtown and stop by.
4	It's a nice two level gallery with a vastly open floorplan. It has a minimalist feel as compared to the other galleries in the downtown arts district (some are converted homes). Some pieces displayed are large and ever-changing (been here 3x this year- FF- I really liked the Snow White/Minnie Mouse pieces BTW). The first level has three rooms- one is the gallery floor, the office, and finally, a room where there a film was being played- saw that the first time I went to FF. It was closed this past FF. There are stairs leading to the second level (a child walking up commented on how high the stairs were, but she was maybe four or five years old). A couple pieces are displayed at the top of the stairs. One was a lesser known photo of Marilyn Monroe- it was a nice one. The second level has a baby grand piano in one corner and a huge chair (but I don't believe it is for sitting) in another corner. There are pieces on all the walls.
4	In the shallow pond that is the Las Vegas arts scene, Brett Wesley is the big fish.  The two-floor gallery has been consistently showing innovative and quality artwork.  The first floor has a new exhibition each month, usually paintings or multi-media work with modern art overtones.  The second floor appears to house more photography and recently hosted a fascinating black and white collection of Vegas images.  It is a must stop gallery for every First Friday patron since you can always expect some new challenging work to be hanging here.But Brett Wesley isn't just outstanding for the work it displays or the charming architecture of its building.  It stands as an icon in the Vegas arts district.  It is one of the only stand alone galleries (i.e. not included in a cluster of arts lofts or flower shop or bail bonds business).  And the reason that's such a big deal?  Well, if you look around the art district galleries included in First Friday, you'll notice a pattern.  Very few are able to support themselves on art alone.  That's not intended as a slight, it's more of a sigh for the state of arts support in this town.  In that light, Brett Wesley gallery is carrying the torch for the arts district and doing a great job.
5	I love this place
4	I love this gallery. Really, my only complaint is that it is not larger. The gallery is in a repurposed building and it works perfectly for displaying art. The revolving collection is usually fun and/or thought provoking, and a little higher quality than most of the neighboring Arts District galleries. More people need to be getting out to the AD to take advantage of the wonderful art on display, and the Brett Wesley Gallery is a great place to begin. It is not pretentious and snooty. There is no admission fee, so if you are simply browsing, this place is a steal!
