4	This is one of the coolest experiences in Las Vegas.Desert Pines is located about 10 minutes from the downtown Fremont Street hotels.You enter the golf course and it is like you have left Las Vegas and stepped into North Carolina.I am sure the experience is designed to mimic Pinehurst N.C.and it does ....You can not believe you are in the middle of the city of Las Vegas.Thick pine trees block the view into the city at all venues.The course is in good shape.There are a lot of sandtraps and decorative "hazards" but for my game, they just do not come into play.If you are a super big hitter they might get you......There is an excellent practice facility just to the left of the clubhouseA super place to warm up before your round.The people are friendly, as is the course.Play this course ....it is almost an "out of body experience."One of hidden secrets in Las Vegas
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. Were all avid golfers and this place was complete garbage. It's fun if you like to triple overpay and you like billboards blocking your shots in the fairway. Super narrow manufactured fairways in the middle of beantown. Have fun. Go play Siena, rhodes, or bears best instead. Do yourself a favor.
4	Great long course. Had a lot of challenging green shots from mid to long range.  Played last weekend as a group of 12 for a bachelor party. Besides the extreme heat, the course was in great shape, great service from check in to the cart guys.Overall would play again....as long as its not in 110 degree heat.
5	Desert Pines Golf Club is a great place to go to release some stress, what better way to relieve some stress than whacking a couple golf balls at the driving range.  I usually come here to practice and have fun at the driving range, very inexpensive. The rates at the driving range are as follows $3 for 38 balls, $5 for 62 balls, $10 for 137 balls, $20 for 287 balls, $50  for 750 balls, and $100 for 1,625 balls. Fully equip with an automatic ball delivery system, it makes your experience that much more easier.  Overall a great place to spend leisure time and have fun with friends.
4	Driving Range is great. The green's friendly and fun to play. Great place to play for locales and vacationers.
4	I like the range here. The machines here use a card that the system reads to determine the number of balls that you have left.  The system brings the balls up from the ground already on a tee. The "auto-tee" system is very nice since you can keep your card for a future visit. No more needing to go through an entire bucket of balls when you get tired or need to leave.The only reason this course doesn't receive 5 stars is the mats being their only option in the range.  I wish they would offer the opportunity to hit from grass.  Maybe some day?
5	This is a great course. The fairways were green and very nicely manicured. However they are narrow and challenging! The staff is great and go out of their way to help you. I recommend this course to everyone.
4	This is one cool driving range to practice at, all thanks to technology.  Instead of buying balls by the bucket, you buy a card that tracks how many balls you've purchased.  You simply insert your card into a machine behind your stall, and your balls will be magically dispensed one at a time onto your tee.  This is something that I really appreciate, since there are times where I may not be able to finish off an entire bucket of balls.  The card's value doesn't expire, so you're free to take the card and save it for next time without wasting the balls you paid for.  This is what technology is all about, convenience!Another plus is that the driving range is two story, with both levels having shade.  The person at the snack bar said that the bottom level now has misters running during the summer!  And to get in your winter practice, I noticed heaters hanging from the ceiling as well.  It's nice to see the thought that was put into making your practice as comfortable as possible.Even after one visit to the driving range (I did not see the course), I can see this spot as being my favorite range so far.  Outdoor comfort goes a long way in the Vegas climate, where something as simple as shade can make all the difference.
3	For now this is only a review for their range. In the future it might be higher because from first glance the course looks nice green and with water features and no memberships club house.Dirt cheap balls as low as $0.06 a ball but you have to buy a bunch to get them that low. But for $10 you're set for over 100 balls.Not a fan of south facing anything outdoors. The sun is always in your face and it was hard tracking where the ball was hit.  It was also a HOT day. They have snack and drinks downstairs but they seems cool with bringing your own.Some of the automatic golf ball dispensers were not working but after calling for some assistance they fixed it. I like and dislike the automatic golf ball dispenser.  I like them because the tee can be adjusted auto up and down, the golf balls are loaded automatically, and those orange golf balls that wins you some random prize.  Only thing I dislike about it was that I always don't like using the tee so it was a hassle removing balls one at a time from the kind of slow dispenser.Not much of a view, houses to left and golf course to the right, fake water feature. Then again the only golf ranges I've seen were in Hawaii the views were beautiful mountains, valleys, and real water features.There was one golfer who was mad and threw their club on the range LOL would've been even funnier if they threw their entire bag.
4	I've been to desert pines a few nights here and there in the recent weeks, getting some practice in at their driving range.  For $10 you get roughly 130 balls to hit at your pace.  The range has "automated tees?", which feed the balls through the bottom of the green and you can also adjust the height of the tee as well.  Great if you're too lazy to tee up your own golfballs, or if you have a bad back or something.  I give this particular range 4 Stars, because it's never really crowded, the prices are good, and the range itself is in decent shape.  They are open at night and have mist machines, which is a plus when you're trying to beat 100+ temps during the summer months.  So if you want to get out of the house and hit a few shots at the driving range, and not spend too much money or die of heat exposure, this might be a good spot for you to consider.
5	My first experience at Desert Pines spoiled me. It's kinda far from where I live but I love their driving range. You get almost 300 balls for 20 bucks and is reusable if not finished by inserting your card into the automatic ball dispensers.
4	I went golfing out here for a bachelor party.  I think our tee time was either 5:30 or 6:30am.  I forgot since it was a few months ago.  The course was decently challenging, and well maintained.  My only complaint was the weather; not the heat, but the freaking wind!  It was extremely windy from the very start and only got worse.  This was in early June, so the weather was also a little warm.  But fortunately, we finished before it got too hot.
5	This really was a good get away during the boys weekend in Vegas, I got to play golf.  Played with a local celeb and he was very cool and patient with my growing game.  i was very hot, 95 at 10 am but the golf course was in very good condition...can't wait to get back and try again.
5	if our looking for something awesome to hit up while in vegas, this is the place to be. its perfect price of 62 balls for 5 bucks is one of the cheapest things to do in vegas. you never have to touch the balls since the machine does all the work, they have booze, and some food. they have looner clubs with arent great but do the job for drunk hitting. its a bit off the strip but if you hit this place up at dusk and then move on down to fremont street afterwards it will make an awesome night.  we loved this place.
5	Here regularly with my fellow @Platinum_Tees & a great course with an amazing staff!  Great two story driving range!
5	For all you novice golfers, hit up the range here at desert pines gold club!This place is located all the way in China, downtownish, charleston bonanza area. hehe.The thing I love about the ranges here, is there is SHADE! It may not be a big deal during the winter time but during the summer time trust me playing golf in the sun WILL BURN YOU!Service is great, the cashier are polite. The prices are reasonable as well. For $25 that gives you 200 balls from what i remember and that will last you a long time!Hitting the range for me relaxes me. And at this particular range there is hardly anyone there, its peaceful and quite.Swing on by now!
4	Been coming here since 2007.  I am only giving comment on the Driving Range because I am still just in Driving Range Status lol.  This is the the Automatic Driving Range I know in Vegas.  Everything is great they just need to keep up the maintenance on the Machine and Fake Grass.  3 out of the 10 machine are broken and the Grass look awful now.
5	Excellent service - this is the main reason why I am giving 5 stars!Even though it was a hot summer day when I played here, the staff was very attentive and friendly.  The course was nice and was a nice oasis so close to the strip.  Drink a lot of water and unlike me, try to get to get there early enough to use the driving range.  My game was not the sharpest when I was there, but it was still a very enjoyable day!
4	Love the driving range, I can see my house from here ;)
1	On my recent trip to Vegas, I played 4 rounds of golf.  This course was my least favorite.  I was solo, and when I checked it, she said I could go out whenever I wanted.  The driving range area was under construction so I went out cold.  The bag drop girl gave me grief about having a cooler, but gave me one of their coolers instead, which still seemed silly.The holes are very narrow, and most of them were short.  The 11th par 3 was 98 yards from the white tees.  Most holes were being worked on by the grounds crew.  I estimate that at least 10 holes were under some kind of repair.  Playing as a single, I didn't run into another other group during my time there.  It was like I bought a golf course for myself.  This was nice, but also very weird when all the other courses I played were packed.  After finishing the round, I understand why no one was there.My favorite hole was the 9th and 18th by far.  The beverage girl came around several times, so that wasn't an issue.  I was told in the pro shop that I would have a chance to beat the pro for a chance to win free merchandise in the pro shop.  I never saw the pro, so I didn't spend a dime in the pro shop other than the greens fee.With all the repair work, I probably wouldn't bother with that course for a couple of years, if I was to go back at all. There are so many other great courses in the area. That course felt like you were playing in a shoe box because of the distance, narrow fairways, and highways bordering several of the holes.
5	We had the best time at Desert Pines.  The course is well laid out and in great shape!  The best feature of this course is the training pro Brad Greeley.  Every player gets to wager against him for pro shop dollars. Can't lose.  Hope Brad is working when we come back.
1	Played at Desert Pines this morning...horribly slow play and NO marshals to keep the slow group from backing everyone up like a LA traffic jam.  As a local we have too many other options to play here in Las Vegas.  This will be the last time I play there.  The front desk person ( blond hair) let a group tee off first at 6:15am in front of us even though they did not have a tee time and was the group that slowed everyone down....why did she do that??  Walters ought to check her out to see if she got paid something for breaking the rules.  Do not play this course unless you want 6 hours rounds!
4	Great course to check out while in Vegas. The driving range has heaters for the off chance the freezing weather in the Las Vegas desert makes you think you're in Alaska. The greens master is a cool guy and makes bets with people for discounts in the store. He tried to get me to pay for some stuff but if I sank a 10 foot putt I'd get it for free. I declined. And then sunk a 25 foot putt, dammit! Bring balls here though because they charge an arm and a leg for them. One dozen is like 40-60 bucks. And there is water on almost every hole so expect to lose a bunch if you golf like me!
4	Decent practice range. The automatic ball feeders are a nice touch. They have heaters which can be turned on by the individual stall - very nice if it is cold.
4	Have to say, this was a highlight of my trip.Used social media to find this place and got a discount on club hire.Played December 28th and course was in good shape. Range was also in good condition.Welcomed pleasantly by woman and she got us out early ahead of a big group...the thoughtfulness goes a long way with me.Course itself is fun. Offers different looks and plenty of water. Trust the yard markers. The par threes can mess with your eyes.Upon finishing they booked us a cab ride home after a drink at the bar.Cab ride from stratosphere was $14.80. Should not be more than that.A great time
4	Played in Las Vegas a once before. I was looking for a different course to play. So  I found this course spooning around on Yelp! reading reviews.  The reviews (which were very informative & spot on) helped me make my decision to reserve a tee time. The picture gallery helped too, don't always believe what I see (i.e. Photo shop/filters).      Played here during spring break.  Had a great time!  The fairways were plush & greens fast.  The pictures on Yelp! were exactly what I seen.  Pine tree lined emerald green fairways & the Las Vegas sky line in the background.       The course is quit challenging. The fairways are narrow with the exception fora few holes.  Bunkers are long, narrow & deep.  Fairways tee shots are crucial or bare the hard dessert dirt.  Water comes into play on numerous holes & greens.      The staff were very polite & courteous. Even the marshal was quit cordial as he warned my foursome that we were a lil behind.         This golf course is on list as a must play while visiting Las Vegas. I gave it a 4 out of 5, for the fact that there were no ball washers through out the course.
5	In the interest of full disclosure: my review is strictly regarding the practice facility as I have not had the chance to play the course yet. Some background: my 10 year old son recently took up an interest in golf and we got him lessons (at a different facility) and a set of kids clubs. Until recently, I had not played in about 15 years, so we've been touring around town checking out practice facilities and 9 hole courses. I saw Desert Pines on Groupon and before biting the bullet and getting a $55 range pass, we decided to check it out and just get a couple $10 range cards, which basically gets you 100 balls each. The practice facility is easily the nicest I've seen in Las Vegas. It was well worth the 15  mile drive from our home. Though the machine that controls the automatic tee up ball relay was a bit worn, this little feature addition was the main driving force (no pun intended)  that prompted us to try it. The balls automatically tee up for you and the machine tracks how many balls you play. You can play as many as you want and take the card to finish your pre-paid amount later or add on. The facility itself was clean, well lit, and spacious. I particularly liked that the facility had tables and benches behind each bay for visitors (in my case, my tag -along daughter). The turf didn't show much wear, though you may need to adjust the mat when you get there so the automatic balls don't get stuck. A major advantage of this driving range as well is that it is open late, since it is lighted. On the night that we went (Wednesday night) it was open until 11pm. I found that many ranges I called closed at sunset due to not being lighted. This is convenient for after work practice, obviously. Players can get range cards at the snack bar and choose the upper or lower range. Those that already have cards can just walk right in. We also checked out the putting green. It was well maintained and offered different slopes to practice your short game. Having visited the practice facilities at TaylorMade Experience, Aliante, and a couple others, this one is by far our favorite. I look forward to checking out the back nine on a future trip. Though it is not located in the best area, it is well guarded and is truly an urban oasis. I would highly recommend Desert Pines and I will definitely be returning.
1	First I'd like to say the most of the staff was fine the bar staff took good care of us and we're more then helpful. . But unfortunately we had a person named Frank that just kept following us around every hole harassing us all with his poor attitude and it was a lot of our first time golfing, he just treated us very very poorly. Frank is the type of guy that can not hold his Toung and decided to announce  to other golfers on the coures that everyone in my group were "f-ing idiots". He must have not realized that the golfers he expressed that to were with us. He told one of our guys that he needed to "shut up" before he'd even hit the first ball at the first hole. I'm not going to lie we had a bad experience because of this person which is very unfortunate. As a Las Vegas local I won't be recommending this course to anyone!!!!!!! especially my friends or family that coming to town....this man is an embarrassment to our town and his place of employment.
4	My hubby and I golfed here twice on a recent stay in Vegas. Pretty easy course, but there is a fair amount of slope in the fairways to allow your ball to take some interesting rolls. It is the desert,  so the greens are dry and the ball rolls pretty fast. Most putts are fairly straight. There is water on a few holes, but I don't think it is really in play. Most of the water and sand are there to keep you mentally challenged. Women will get out a driver, 4 wood or 5 iron on most holes. Men can probably drive some par 4s. Hubby never got out a fairway wood. For $59 with cart, range balls, and green fees it is a deal. A third of the price of Bali Hai, hence why we golfed here twice. We had a fun time both days. Food is good in the clubhouse, and they make a good bloody marys.Like other yelp reviews, the maintenance crews can be irritating.  Most cart girls know to wait until after you tee off to inquire if you want a brew. Not here. She just rolls up to the tee box and interrupts you....this happened both days with different cart girls which makes me think some training is needed. Would be nice to not hit fairway while a guy is on a riding mower or putt when someone is watering the greens. That alone makes me look for a new place with a decent price.Worth the $59. Don't expect a difficult course or no interruptions on the course. Was nice to golf with my hubby and not in a foursome. Overall a good time, but not epic.
3	This place is ok to me. Maybe the cool thing is that they have an automatic machine that puts your golf ball on the tee each time you swing. That's pretty cool, and efficient as you wouldn't have to keep hunching down to place the ball on the tee every time. However, I do think the place needs a service make over or TLC. Some of the machines don't work so it ate 10 of the golf balls I bought with the card. I used the call button to call the attendant and for the full duration of me being there no one came to service it. Some times the auto tee feels really counter productive that you end up having to fix the positioning of the hole anyways so the ball would come up. Misters don't work which is really sad personally especially since you have customers sweating and having heat strokes during midsummer and playing at the range 6 in the evening. I might have to re-evaluate my experience since I came at such horrible timing (when it was scorching hot out) and I was more rushing to kill all my balls than actually enjoy the experience.
3	Price needs to be worked on. Used to golf here at least once every trip. But not this one. Its been a few years since we've been here but to pay $100 for twilight when I've golfed it for $45. That's not happening.
1	Don't get your car get damaged by a fly golf ball from the club because Desert Pines won't pay for it.  Nice loop hole they have to avoid responsibility from balls coming from their property onto a public road and one that is heavily traveled at that.
5	Played this morning with an early morning tee time.  This course is in fantastic shape.  Lush green tightly mowed fairways, greens are on the slow side but are in great shape.  This course isn't overly difficult if you can keep your drives in the fairways.  Many of the fairways are narrow and are lined by waste areas.  You won't loose many balls as they keep the waste areas clean. Lots of bunkers.  I'd highly recommend playing from the tips as it will take a lot of the bunkers out of play.This course is beautiful and you hardly know your in the desert.  Tons of desert pines and many lakes really make this course a winner.The service was overall very good (except for an obnoxiously smart-ass club house cashier).  Expect an attendant to pick up and load your clubs when you arrive and another who cleans then when you leave.This course is a steal, play it.
5	Great time, great course and much cheaper than other local courses.  Thanks again for one fun golf round.
5	On the day I visited it was gorgeous and the staff was amazing. I enjoy a great course, but the impeccable customer service will bring me back!
3	Desert Pines is amazing in that they are able to actually fit in a golf course and driving range on such a small piece of land. I don't like this golf course on a windy day though, because shots will hit other fairways rather easily. On a nice, calm day the course is fun and I enjoy it because of the challenging greens and it is usually in great shape.The driving range is easily one of the best in town, but the ball feeders often malfunction on the top level hitting stations.
