5	It took my nephew about 5 minutes the first visit to realize he could just "GO!" and after that his smile never waned. It's an excellent place to let kids have FUN while using up TONS of energy- yes, physical exercise! There are rooms for rent for birthday parties. There's a little concession stand that sells snacks and drinks (apple juice is $1). It's a reasonable cost (~$9 per child 3 yrs and older, $4.99 per 2 yr old child and under). Adults are free and that's excellent because we are allowed on all of the super fun equipment! :) But if you don't want to play there are a couple of computers AND a massage chair area.  Bring your kids here! Bring your neighbors' kids here! Just go :)Hours:Mon- Thurs 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Fri- Sat 10:00 AM to 8:00 PM Sunday 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM
5	My  husband and I took our kids (three years old and under) to expend some energy . . . great fun!  The employees were friendly and available . . . the place was clean. We'll definitely be going back.If you plan to go, keep your eyes open for it - located at the far end of the strip mall and around the corner. (not easily visible)
4	We took our 2.5 year old here while we visiting family in the area. Admission was like $4 or $5 (at least for 2.5 year olds), and adults are free. If you don't have any socks, they will give you some (and you get to keep them= bonus!). There are tons of big blow-up things for the kids to slide down, climb up, jump over, etc. In no time at all, Liam was sweating and red-faced. They have some food (didn't really look at what they had) as well as drinks. Private birthday party rooms are available. There are lots of benches for the adults to sit on. Only two negative things I can think of- 1. they close kind of early, I think. On a Friday night they closed at 8pm. And 2. the kids don't want to leave! It was tough getting Liam out the door. This is a good place for kids of all ages to blow off some steam.
2	We've gone a couple of times on weekends (very busy). My three year old is probably too young to take advantage of this place but he did eventually really get into it. However, the staff was pretty minimal so it's very important (especially if you take younger kids) to watch them carefully. Sadly not many parents took this approach. Many were in fact in the wi-fi area on laptops ignoring their children who in turn were running wild on these massive slides. Seems like a recipe for disaster. Bottom line, I would wait until you child is at least 5 or 6 so that he or she can compete with the marauding herd or try a week day trip when I suspect fewer kids are running into each other.
4	Great place for the kids, they serve pizza and snacks. Quick tip go early and you don't have to worry about the germs accumulating all day. They do most of the cleaning prior to opening. The have memberships also which are worth it if you frequent it enough. There is a small adult area where you can sit and watch tv (if your comfortable doing that) while your kids run around.Great for fun and wearing off the excess energy for the kids.
5	Best birthday joint for kids under 9 in town!
4	My almost 3 yr. old and my 2 yr. old absolutely wore themselves out!  At a little under $12, they had more fun than they ever had!  Super clean and the staff is very friendly. They even came up to me once the boys were playing and made sure we were enjoying everything.  I was worried about their age and what they'd be able to do and of course there's the worry of the older, bigger kids.  Because I went early afternoon on a Thursday, there were hardly any big kids there.  It took them about a few minutes to understand that they could do whatever they liked and the rest is history.  There was a birthday party rolling in and they were older kids but that's when the referee started really walking the floor to keep them from running and other antics that would endanger themselves and others.  I will say, and it is highly recommended on their website, stay with your children.  Don't count this as a babysitting service.  And for the smaller ones, avoid weekends.We will be returning very soon!
5	Love this location!! The staff is SUPER helpful, very understating when my nephews did not want to bounce and quickly gave me a refund. I also got invited to a Bday party here and they were great when I brought my niece and nephews that weren't invited, I just paid for their entrance separately. :)
4	Great place to let the kids run around and have fun. They have party rooms for birthdays or otherwise. It's a little pricey to get in but if you think you will be a regular it's totally worth getting their punch card.
5	My 2 year old loves this place. Everyday she asks me to take her here.  After our 3rd trip there I decided to get the 10 day pass for $40. Good place for children to burn up energy
