4	If West Liberty Avenue became more developed, I think this place would stay around.  Very good food and service.  Good beer
5	who else to make the best mexican food but a greek guy?  this place is buried in plain sight in dormont on west liberty.  started out as a little burrito stand and is now a full blown mexican restaurant.  excellent menu and vast selection of hot sauces.  great bar.  anything from this place is as good as it gets.  fresh home made guac too.
5	Theo, you amazing glorious bastard, you! Theo owns the place. Good little balding Greek boy turns our Mexican inspired cuisine that's as good as my mama's home-made pierogis... which I know none of you have had, but trust me they're good.I've been going to Mexi-Casa with my wife, teacher friends, and family since near when he opened. What got me hooked wasn't the food but the fact that he and a couple of friends did ALL the work on building the interior. I got to sit on one side and shove mongo con queso shrimp burritos down my gullet while watching him toil away on building the bar from scratch. And since he finished the bar, my wife and I have found ourselves staggering out of the place on a large number of "holy crap my students are going to turn out to be serial killers, I just know it" Fridays. The food is not traditional Mexican or even traditional tex-mex. But that doesn't mean it's not good. Consider for a moment the simple yet inspired chicken and rice bowl, which its verdant hues composed of a blending of fresh cilantro and parsley into a heady, otherworldly green sauce. The chili has lots of meat chunks and is pretty damned hot, warming you down to your toes. Thank God they have lots of good beer with which to wash it down. Frito pie... chili with Frito's and a piece of jalapeno corn bread... yummy. And the burritos, especially with the con queso sauce made with Rolling Rock beer. Get them mongo (double meat) and pick one of the hotter hot sauces from the hot sauce bar (like the always popular "So hot your man junk will fall off" sauce), and be prepared to feel like you're on the winning end of a Man v. Food episode: bloated, carb high, and happy. You are a god among men, Theo.
4	I like this place a lot. The food is not traditional Mexican, but that's OK. It's still tasty and affordable Tex-Mex... or I guess in this case Pitt-Mex. Great beer specials, friendly service, and it's awesome to find a bar/restaurant that actually obeys the no-smoking laws.
2	Mexican food it is not.  While the food was entirely edible, it vaguely reminded me of the sad attempts at Mexican food my Polish mother tried making.  Just because you have an Ortega seasoning packet and Tabasco sauce does not make your place Mexican.
2	I went to Mexi-Casa last week. Let me tell you how excited I was to go to my local Mexican restaurant in good ole Dormont. I had come when they first opened and wasn't happy with the service and couldn't eat much because I am allergic to flour and there were no corn tortillas. I figured time had passed and it takes time for restaurants to get into a rhythm. I optimistically thought they must have just been out of the tortillas.Wrong. I was shocked by how little had changed as well as a number of other things. One, THERE ARE NO CORN TORTILLAS IN A MEXICAN FREAKING RESTAURANT. This bothers me on a number of levels. One, IT IS A MEXICAN RESTAURANT. It makes me wonder if the owner has ever been to Mexico or even to a taco truck in Miami. Two, I am allergic to flour. I love Mexican restaurants because it is USUALLY so easy for me to order. Three, I like corn tortillas. You don't have to be authentic to just have the tortillas frozen somewhere for that person who like Mexican food to be a little more like Mexican food. I am cool with Tex/Pit- Mex, but seriously, this is ridiculous. So, we got the nachos. Which was a bunch of American cheese literally dumped on the nachos, black olives from a can, and some pretty good shredded chicken. There wasn't any salsa, jalapenos, sour cream, nothing. Then, the kicker is that she charged us a dollar for the ridiculously small helping of salsa we requested. This crappy nacho order cost ten dollars. WOW.Oh, did I mention that we were given STYROFOAM PLATES. I mean, do they even make that shit anymore????I love Dormont. I am trying really hard to support its businesses, but Mexi-Casa is making it really hard.
1	Bad food and bad drinks.I'm serious.  Don't come here.Worst joint in Pittsburgh.
3	Good Place to drink, nice atmosphere, layout is a bit strange, I would suggest a good place to meet for drinks.
1	So, I feel the need to preface this by saying I am originally from southern California. I've been to a ton of "authentic" Mexican restaurants. I'm talking full on Mariachi band, goat burritos, and hand written menus. Mexi-Casa has got to be the "Whitest" Mexican restaurant I've ever been to.Typically Mexican joints that aren't run by people of Mexican Heritage are surfer food, big fat burritos stuffed with everything but the kitchen sink. Unfortunately Mexi-casa does not fall into either categories.I decided to get a burrito, I figure a Mexican restaurant that can't get this staple of Mexican cuisine right is NOT a Mexican restaurant at all. It's hard to describe the flavor of this "burrito" as it's honestly like nothing I have ever tasted before. If I had to describe it to someone, I would say they took a stir-fry, shoved it in a tortilla, poured on some hot sauce and called it a burrito. It's really the strangest combination of flavors I've ever digested at a Mexican place.So, between the soggy overpriced food, slow service, no corn tortillas, and room temperature beer, I don't think I'll be coming here again.Note to the Chef:At the very least, melt the freakin' cheese on the burrito before you send it out, mine was still cold from the fridge.
2	Despite the mixed reviews you can read for yourself about Mexi-Casa I think the food is decent. Is it authentic? Not really. Is it the best quality? Eh, not so much. But it IS decent, and I enjoyed my chicken burrito.  My issue with Mexi-Casa is the amount they charged. My I felt the portion was pretty large and I didn't end up finishing it- but don't think I wasn't charged! I thought the drinks were over priced as well. I would come here if I was really hungry and craving a burrito in Dormont, (that happens more than you think!) but otherwise I'd rather drive to a Mad Mex.
4	This is my favorite quasi-Mexican restaurant in the city. It is not entirely authentic, so don't expect that, but it is good. I personally enjoy big burritos that are stuffed and wrapped in foil (seriously, no sarcasm here) with a nice selection of beer. I highly, highly recommend their pulled pork or Acapulco burrito!They also have awesome daily specials on drinks and it is just an all-around chill place to hang out with friends. I love this place!
4	A Living Social deal finally got me here and I was pleasantly surprised.  My burrito contained spicy chicken, queso, hot sauce, rice and beans and it was very flavorful.  The margaritas weren't too bad, either!  My gift certificate was worth $30 and my friend and I got guacamole with chips, 2 burritos and dessert in order to use the full amount.  If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'll definitely stop by again.  Especially if it's a Monday when the specials are $3 Cuervo margaritas and $5 burritos.  A warning to those looking for true Mexican food: Mexi-Casa promotes itself as Pittsburgh's Least Authentic Mexican Restaurant.  I give it 4 stars for what it is - good and cheap food in a place that proudly celebrates Phil Collin's birthday.
3	Cerveza, por favor??Mexi Casa is a restaurant in Dormont right off of West Liberty Ave that feels more like a bar when you swing open their door. But, trust me. It is a restaurant. Mexi Casa includes a tiny dining room, a bar, and a plethora of Mexican themed colors and posters. You have the option of grabbing a seat at the regular bar, or posting up at the dining room bar, where you can literally watch your food be prepared in front of you.My dream of a burrito at this unethical cantina is the Theo Burrito: grilled steak, con queso sauce (melted, spicy cheese),  and grilled onions and peppers all wrapped up in a tortilla. It's pure bliss. ***Make sure you ask for the Cholula, which is a MUST if you like hot sauce.Definitely go on Wednesdays when they have $2 import bottles, including my go-to Mexican beers : Negra modelo, Sol, Corona, and Pacifico. Warning: this place is NOT a Bar. They close around 10:30 pm and won't be afraid to make you and your buddies feel extremely awkward by being the only people there. So do avoid going to Mexi Casa if your thinking about staying out late, because they practically throw you out of the place when they feel it's time to close.
2	save your money and go to Chipotle.  the place is dirty and cramped,  the margarita mix is from a bottle and the "cheese" is totally canned... like, picture nachos and cheese at a high school football game.    i'd rather have Chipotle take out and make margaritas at home!
1	Was opened by an amazing couple from Texas who had home made food, best wings in town, and was BYOB...  Then they sold it.  If you are thinking of going here, just go to taco bell...  If you were going to drink here, take a sip of Mrs. T's sour mix and Listerine at the same time...
2	Incorrectly labeled as Mexican food. It's not. This is American food with Mexican flavors.  I feel sorry for Dormont/South Hills people that don't know any better and think this is Mexican food.  I don't think they claim to be proper Mexican food but, I don't like that they even use the 'Mexi' in the name .  Have been here 3 times and it's just kind of 'meh' every time .
5	My 2nd home,  Great Tex-Mex food and home to the best bartender in Pittsburgh!
4	Taco Tuesday, a great craft beer selection, friendly staff, and those Cajun drug rub wings... I'm so happy I love by MexiCasa!  This restaurant/bar has become a neighborhood staple. Reasonably priced and always filling, "Sexy Mexi" is a Dormont must.
1	Terrible Mexican food..nothing authentic here...their "Con Queso" cheese sauce is disgusting, You can get better nacho cheese from a little league baseball park.
3	Mexi-Casa is what I consider to be an A-OK local neighborhood joint.  The owner is friendly, the clientele are overall nice, and the food is good (read not great).Grilled whole wings (great deal during the late night 1/2 off deal), ribs, and burritos all have been good.  The portions are generally huge so you definitely won't leave hungry.Beer selection features a decent variety of crafts, with the only problem being that the drink menu, dinner menu, and draft board all never match (be prepared to just ask the server if what you want is available).If I had to sum up Mexi-Casa, take Mad Mex and yinzer it down a level...  not exactly a bad thing.
1	Over priced,low grade food. Owner moody and miserable. Better value at Taco Bell.
1	Just an okay burrito, lots of options, but none that are out of this world.  The service is complete and total garbage; I've left before ordering three times due to waiting for over 15 minutes for a waiter/waitress to take our order.  If it wasn't for being the only burrito place around I wouldn't step foot in here again.
2	Defintely not great food. The tastiest thing on the menu is the salsa. It clearly tastes homemade. It's so good, I'm ok with seeing it in a tiny plastic cup on the side. Prices are inflated and do not reflect the small, lacking in ingredients options, that are all served with plastic utensils and in plastic baskets. After 10 the place pretty much turns into a bar, with a very limited food selection and the dining area closed off. And it doesn't morph into a very good one either; it becomes a small, crowded room lacking music or anything resembling entertainment, for that matter. I gave it 2 stars because my hip server was efficient and friendly, and because their Margarita selection is unique and enticing.
1	In the past few months,Mexicasa has gotten just horrible,not that I thought they were ever good,they have gotten worse.However,it did force me to looks else were,and I found a gem a few miles down the road in Beechview,Casa Rasta,it is BYOB,and great food. Also in Beechview,at IGA grocery store,on the sidewalk,the best tacos I've ever eaten.Homemade,all fresh ingredients,delicious, and only two dollars.I suggest you find a curb to sit and eat,the tacos don't travel well,gets a bit soggy when you get them home.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  We were driving through Dormont, saw all of the neon lights and turned around to check it out.  There was a "Victory" sign, which is a sign of excellent Pennsylvania beer, and after living in Southern California for eight years, I became quite the Mexican food junkie.  About a mile up the road is the place where I got my first sampling of Mexican Food in the 70s, Jose and Tony's, which has lost its luster under the new ownership, so Mexi-Casa sounded like our new hope in my old stomping ground.Well, they did have good beer on tap - ONE good beer.  Victory Hop Devil is an old favorite, and I buy it often.  There was something not quite right about the 22-ounce Hop Devil that I was served. (Besides the whopping $7.25 purchase price...)  It didn't taste right, and I know what it's supposed to taste like.The menu got my hopes up.  It was quite extensive, and I quickly decided on the "Soon-To-Be-Famous" steak burrito, because nobody can resist advertising like that.  My partner got a trio of tacos - grilled chicken, taco meat, and steak.While we were waiting for our food to be prepared, we munched a basket of tortilla chips and salsa, which I immediately identified as being produced by Reyna Foods in the Strip District.  Yay!  Reyna makes the best chips and salsa in the city.  SCORE!  We loved the chips and salsa and didn't mind paying $5.50.  My partner's margarita was pretty good, but the bartender looked at us with a blank stare on her face when I asked if she could get us a BLUE margarita, my favorite drink up the street at Jose and Tony's.  Nope.When the food arrived, I admired the presentation, but was quickly disappointed, because despite the fact that my burrito was quite a handful, it was absolutely the most bland tasting burrito I had ever had.  All I could taste was virtually unseasoned rice and a very large amount of refried beans.  The steak inside had zero flavor, and I had to pile on large amounts of the Reyna salsa to get any flavor at all.  Unseasoned meat piled up with rice and beans in a large flour tortilla does NOT a burrito make...My partner's tacos were three different meats, but were virtually indistinguishable.  The ingredients had virtually no seasoning whatsoever.  In fact, we shared quite a snicker when we looked inside the "steak" taco, which was highlighted by little strips of sliced up "Steak-Ums," totally unseasoned, overcooked, cardboard pieces of "meat."Well, the people working there were very nice, and they had a pretty good crowd when we walked in.  I decided that I will give this place another chance and try something else on the menu next time, but it is my sincere hope that in the meantime, someone will bring the blandness factor to the owner's attention.  Even if my bill had been half of what it was, I would have walked out thoroughly dissatisfied, because the place is actually pretty nice, and the servers are very nice, and it's in one of my favorite parts of town.  It really deserves one-and-a-half stars for tonight, anyway...I would have given this dining experience a SINGLE star had it not been for the fact that the people working there were so friendly.
4	Jack Daniels burrito.  YUM
2	$6 for a basket of chips and flavorless salsa? no thanks.  I am sick of giving this place chances when it just is never great. Much better burritos and food around the city.
2	For a few months I frequented Mexi Casa every Tuesday for $1 tacos, but I've not gone in a while. Something terrible must have happened. My boyfriend and I ordered takeout from them tonight and I was very very disappointed. I ordered a steak burrito with black beans and added peppers and onions. For the burrito it was $9 probably $10 with tax, and I have to say I like the steak burrito from Chipotle better. First, it tasted like it was made with Kraft singles American cheese, and the "steak" resembled steak-ums. My boyfriend ordered a buffalo chicken quesadilla and was very disappointed by its size. Very small. We also ordered chicken quesadilla soup. It was mediocre at best. I really wanted to like it since it's local and right down the street, but we probably won't be ordering from Mexi Casa again any time soon.
5	The food at Mexi-casa rocks. Great craft beer selection with taps that rotate regularly. The best gringo-Mexican grub in Pittsburgh. All the burritos are well over a pound. I always leave full and happy. Mexi-casa es muy bueno!
1	Anyone that thinks this is good mexican food must not have taste buds. I grew up in AZ from a very large mexican family and mexi casa is terrible. The meat tastes like precooked frozen crap u get in the freezer aisle. The chicken meat even had freezer burn. The chips come straight out of the bag cold and stale. The salsa is absolutely flavorless.  My friend for some reason reallllly wanted to eat here. I was so disgusted with the food he paid for the entire meal and he agreed that I would from now on  I choose all mexican restaurants we eat at.
5	Love coming down to MexiCasa and enjoying an evening full of good food and beer! I haven't had a bad meal yet. I always leave happy and full. Get the southwest sauce!!!!!
3	I feel as if my review previously was a bit harsh.  While the service still needs help the food deserves a better than one star rating.  With that said, they've been closed for a little while... No idea why.
3	Very friendly staff. Food is processed and bland and drinks are kinda pricey for what you're getting. It's kinda cool inside but not the best Mexican.
