3	Let's face it - with as many as four dogs, you don't always cut their hair yourself.  Heck, with one dog you don't always cut their hair yourself.  Truth be known, we don't actually have to cut all their hair.  We really just had one who had to be cut by someone else.He was so big, and his hair would get so matted that it was virtually impossible for us to do it.  So we needed help.  That's when we called on A Dog's Best Friend.  We did take another of our dogs there a couple of times, but she was smaller, and so we'd typically do her hair ourselves.The others either didn't need cutting - ever - or are so small that it's just not worth it.  But for the larger dogs that take too long or are too difficult for us to control?  It's absolutely worth having someone else do.  That's when you need a professional, and they take care of them.On the down side of things, they are a bit pricey.  For a bath and a cut (or a cut and a bath, I have no idea which order they do it), it would be $70, and that was some time ago.  It's nice to not have to do it, but we couldn't afford to do it very often.  Great job, he looked great, but man that was expensive!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I take my 3 small dogs here to see Julie and she is amazing with them. Two are pretty scared little guys because they are rescues, but she is very gentle and loving with them. They are never thrilled to go but don't start shaking as soon as I pull in.
4	I used to take my old pooch here a couple of times a year and she loved it. Just the mere mentioning of "wanna get a haircut", she would shriek and run around the house in excitement. I don't know if it was the fact that she was being treated to free butt smells of other dogs, the grooming, or just the ability to hang her head out the window on the way was what made her the happiest. It will always be a mystery since she passed away last year.We adopted a new pooch this past Spring and made the severe error of taking her to a closer groomer (read up in my history here http://www.yelp.com/biz/reggies-grooming-salon-indian-trail#hrid:ls9RWOYLXPgeKoAwBh8NFA/src:self ). A Dog's Best Friend is a pretty good drive away for us, but it's worth the trip.  We've never had an issue and the dogs we've taken there have never seemed traumatized by the experience and they always do a great job.Prices here have gone way up, though. I remember paying around $30 for a small dog a few years ago, it would slowly climb up each time, and now it's close to $50 with a tip.Your pal,Walter
1	I took my cat here this past weekend for a bath and to have her claws clipped.  I was not happy at all.  I specifically told them when I dropped off my cat that I did not want her fur trimmed at all.  When I picked her up I was told that they trimmed her sanitary area.  Trimmed...yeah right!  They shaved half of her belly.  There was absolutely no reason for that.  She was not dirty in her private areas.  Not only was she shaved but it was all crooked with tufts of hair sticking out on the sides.  I didn't see this until we got home since she was in the crate when I picked her up.  I called back to complain.  They told me to bring her in again and they would fix it.  100 degrees and back we go to the groomer.  They took her in the back and "fixed it".  Then they offered me a $5.00 discount on my next visit.  It's still not right.  They straightened out the line but now the whole thing is at an angle.  It looks ridiculous.  The groomer who shaved my cat needs to have her eyes checked.  For someone who does this for a living she did a pretty pathetic job.The place is also pretty old, not very well maintained and dirty.  I wonder if the groomers know that everyone in the waiting area can hear all their gossiping they are doing while they are working.Needless to say....It was not a good experience and I will not be going back there.
5	My family has been taking our dogs here for years. (over 7 years) Pat and her team always does a great job. Our pups always come back looking/smelling great and I love that she puts little bows or bandanas around their necks to coordinate with the season. Will continue to give them our business for as long as we live in Charlotte.
3	2014 Update: Once again, the groomer I fell in love with vanished without a trace.  No more DBF for us :(Yeah, so Amber is THE best groomer my dog has ever had. He's been going to this shop most of his 7 yrs and as long as she's working there, he's getting groomed there. Any place that can mohawk my sexy 4.9lb black poodle, pluck his ears, wash his butt and bring his sexy back for $40 has my vote!
5	We recently moved here from WI and used Yelp to find a new groomer.The reviews here made me comfortable to try this location.  Very friendly customer service and sincere care for our dog.  This is the best cut he has ever received and we are thrilled to find such a great groomer. Our dog was gifted a free toy at his first visit since he is a rescue.  Very nice surprise and just another example of the caring nature here.
4	Great service
5	We moved across town last year, so I had to find a new groomer.  I've taken my dog here a few times and have been really pleased with the service.They do a great job and don't crate my dog all day like some other providers.Prices are inline with other groomers in the area.
