5	This place is cute, very vintage retro pinup style and uh ..hello?? It simply does not get cuter than that. ever. I got my hair cut there during a fundraiser against cancer so automatically they get an extra star for that. They even made pink cupcakes and pink lemonade for us while we waited. I am so serious! I am super nazi about my hair but even I was pleased with the results and I am even getting them to do pinup hair on my bridesmaids!
4	This is a fun salon.  It's the kind of place where the stylists are all friends, and they chat with each other and the customers, and everyone seems to be having a good time.  The prices are reasonable and I've been pleased with my color and cuts, although I don't require anything too crazy or complicated.   I have seen other customers get really good looking edgy cuts and coloring, so if you're looking to get more than highlights and a bob, this might be the place for you!
5	DO YOU LIKE HAVING BEAUTIFUL HAIR?!Who the hell doesn't? Shag Me Salon is "the business" if you want gorgeous locks. They're extremely affordable too, but that's not even the point because I would willingly make a plan to save some money to come here so my hair could look as good as it does now.My stylist Bobbie at Shag Me Salon does the best hair in the city, or possibly anywhere else. Not only is she extremely talented, knows how to work with any kind of hair on both girls and guys, but she's also a fantastic human being in general. Have you ever gone to a salon and had the stylist give you an uncomfortable shampoo? Ever been talked down to in a salon? Had your appointment screwed up? Gotten a lackluster or even horrible haircut and payed way too much for it?None of that crap happens at Shag Me Salon, and especially not from Bobbie. She is an amazing hairstylist and Shag Me Salon is a great little salon. You are guaranteed to go in there and walk out with not just exactly what you wanted, but better than you ever dreamed your hair could be.The gist: Shag Me Salon is amazing, ask for Bobbie.
5	Fabulous!  I love the atmosphere at this salon, and Sandy did an amazing job.  Sandy: She took the time to really get a feel for my hair, my desires, and my lifestyle before she did anything.  I came out with exactly what I wanted-- subtle, glowing, low-maintenance highlights and a trim that would work with my long, thick hair whether I wear it curly or straight.  Sandy really knows hair, and she's one of the least awkward conversationalists I've ever been exposed to in the stylist's chair.   The Salon: It's clean, comfortable, unique, and fun.  I love the openness-- so many salons in Vegas are separated into cubicles, but this was more like a big hairstyling party.  The stylists seem to be friends, and they were all willing to help each other out.  The salon sells great products, and they were showing random 80's movies while I was there.  This is the kind of place you don't have to bring a book to read while your color processes!  The prices are great, also, and I would trust the stylists with anything from a conservative highlight to an all-out retro 'do! I'd venture to say that this is the best salon in Las Vegas!
5	i've been getting my hair done by marcy at shag me salon for a while now and i have to say i just love this salon! all the gals that work there are a lot of fun and on top of that they all know hair! whether you want something simple like a trim or something funky like dreads, crazy multiple colors, etc. they are on it! on top of that they always play fun movies, have good mags to read and little goodies at their counter for sale by local artists as well as a supply of hair products. they even have charity events throughout the year to support their community. the prices are pretty good and when i feel like spoiling myself i head over to shag me! :)
5	The first time I walked into this place I was like,...awwww yeah mufflerhuggers dis right here is the spot! Fine ass honnies lookin all slutty talkin all dirty and asking if I want the "special" ..... well Hell to the yeah I want the special! Hook that shit up right now! Look all I am sayin is that if you are lookin for some "full service" trim with all the "trimmins" then you best roll yo happy ass all up in this bitch!....word!
4	UPDATE:  For my 2nd visit on 10/15/10, I gave Bobbie the green light to touch up my roots as well as give me a trim.  She matched my color exactly and there was abosolutely no line between colors. My cut was excellent too ... And she styled my hair in a cool 60's retro bob with the back bump and lots of volume, just the way I like it.  Shag Me Salon rocks my hair!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I called on a Saturday afternoon, and they were kind enough to squeeze me in at 2:15. Didn't know which stylist I would get, but as soon as Bobbi introduced herself, my bad hair days became a thing of the past! She consulted with me and asked what I wanted, really listened, and re-confirmed along the styling way. Bobbie gives a delightful head massage during the wash, which was sooooo relaxing. Bottom line: This hip chick knows how to tame my mane ... trimming, thinning and re-shaping a mondo mucked up cut I received back in March. Thank you, Bobbie!  And at $30, a bargain to boot.  I WILL definitely return to Shag Me Salon. BTW, at the end of August they are doing a "Shagathon" for children's cancer research.  All cuts only $20, and tips will be donated as well! So nice to find a salon that cares about hair AND people!
5	I have been coming here since 2008. My stylist is Anna Drew. She is wonderful. She takes her time, she has great skills. The vibe is wonderful, they have genuine pin up posters, and everyone there has character and enjoy what they do. Trust me. This is not typical hole in the wall salon. These people are happy, dedicated, skilled and up with the new and the old! They can do punk styles, classy up do's, and are very creative. I recently had my stylist do a classic A line for me, and I loved it. She added her own touch, which I really appreciated.  I traveled all over the country, from Las Vegas, to New York and to Miami, and paid for overpriced haircuts, and am really happy to have "Shag me Salon" right up the street from me. They charge me $30 for my simple hair cut, it includes a shampoo, and a movie :) I recommended my boyfriend's sister, and she is from the Bay area, she also had a haircut here and she was beyond satisfied and says she would return to get her haircut here again too.The bonus is that Buffalo exchange is next door and a nail salon. So you can get dolled up for a night on the town all in one stop.
4	Anna Drew cuts the best Betty bangs in Las Vegas, hands down. A few years back, when I began my search for a stylist that could cut rounded pinup bangs, I landed at Curl Up and Dye with Lettie. While her cutting technique was amazing the management of the salon left much to be desired. I headed over to Shag Me and haven't looked back since. Anna is very meticulous and takes the time to make sure my bangs look perfect every appointment. She is so good that my bangs actually air dry into shape; I don't even have to blow dry them if I don't want to. If you have or have ever had bangs of any sort, you know what a monumental achievement this is. I hardily recommend Anna with four very fierce and meticulous stars.
5	Allow me to preface this review by saying I usually hate having my hair cut--like, fire-of-1000-suns level hatred. But in contrast to almost every other hair-cutting experience I've ever had, my haircut at Shag Me Salon was amazing. The atmosphere is fantastic. It has a great alternative vibe, and the staff is very friendly and talented. They can do everything--dreads, pink hair, retro styles, or just a simple pixie, like mine! My first visit  I was handed over to Sam--I gave her my inspiration picture, and she got started right away. In twenty minutes, I had the pixie cut I'd been fervently dreaming about. It wasn't identical to the pictures I'd brought in, because my hair isn't identical to Jean Seberg's, but it was perfect for my thick, wavy hair.  The last couple times I've gone in for a trim I had it done by Jeremy. The first time he cut my hair I was on a tight schedule, which didn't mesh well with his meticulous style, but knowing that he likes to take his time and get things perfect, I made sure to schedule a little more time and was thrilled with the results. I'll be going to him more often in the future. The prices are a little higher than I'd like them to be, but still reasonable, and definitely worth it considering what a great job they do. I recommend it to everyone!
1	I realize that I'm alone here in giving a not-so-great review, but my experience at Shag Me was terrible.I came in the night before Thanksgiving...so it was busy.  I believe Anna did my hair (it was the station directly behind the reception desk).  I'm new to town, so I've been using Yelp to find good salons.  I had high hopes for Shag Me!I had previously been getting a heavy weave (at another salon) to keep my hair a very light blonde (ashy/platinum tones).  But, I hated having dark spots, so I told Anna I wanted to go back to an all over bleach.  She goes to work, putting the bleach on my hair.  After she washed it out (and before she added toner) another client came in wanting a shampoo/blow dry.  I don't know if this client had an appointment or not, but Anna took her, and left me under the dryer for about 35 minutes with a "heavy conditioner".  I love that she wanted to give my hair a conditioning treatment, but 35 minutes is entirely too long, and I felt like it was just used to buy her some time.  Finally I was rinsed and toned, but when I returned to her station, my hair was brassy and an ugly shade of gold...nothing like the blonde I had come in with.  At this point, I had been in the salon for over 3 hours...still no cut or blow dry.  I told her to skip the cut.  She had a walk-in customer waiting for her that had arrived while she was doing the shampoo/blow-dry.  I absolutely hated the color of my hair, and I can't believe any stylist would think that was a flattering shade of blonde.  In retrospect, I'm disappointed I paid and left without mentioning my dissatisfaction.  I should have given her the opportunity to correct it for me.  But she had informed me that she would be out of town til 12/5.  I knew I couldn't wait that long.  It was already well past 6pm at this point, so I knew fixing it that night wasn't an option either.  A stylist at another salon rescued me two days after Thanksgiving, and all has been well since.  But sadly, I won't be returning to Shag Me.
1	I have to start this by saying that I first went to this salon last October and had a great experience.  It was the first time getting my hair colored since I was in high school and I got blue peek-a-boo highlights with the rest my original hair color, I also got a cut, and a gloss.  It was EXPENSIVE, took five hours, and he had appointments within mine (understandable to a certain degree), but I loved the results and got a lot of compliments. If I stopped there I would have given this place 5 STARS, but my second time there was HELL.Two months later I went to get a retouch, scheduled it with the same person (Jeremy).  I could only schedule it the same day as the day I was leaving for vacation (My error, I learned to never do that).  He forgot what he did the first time and spent 30 minutes trying to figure it out.  I explained to him exactly what he did, but it went on deaf ears.  Originally I just had one section in the middle of my head highlighted going from one ear to the other, so I don't know why it turned out so messed up.  He ended up bleaching hair that wasn't even bleached the first time not to mention there was no method to the madness.  I had areas near my neck bleached on one side and not on the other, which of course I didn't realize until I left.  He spent majority of the time rushing (It seemed that way), my ear was covered in dye when I left, not to mention how unorganized the sections were.  After blow drying my hair (Which I have close to nappy hair, so it looked like an AFRO at that point) he tells me he DOESN'T HAVE TIME to finish because he has another appointment, so I was expected to be cool with that and leave.  Not only did I get charged over $80 for this crappy color and to leave with worse hair than I came in with, but I couldn't refuse to leave until he could straighten my hair because as I said I had a flight to catch that night. While I was on vacation my color faded quicker than it did the first time (Whether that's a common problem I don't know) and ended up having to dye it to a dark brown color just to cover of the blotchy dye and faded color with BOXED HAIR COLOR.I'm nice person when it comes to being a customer and I have sympathy for people's jobs.  I KNOW that customer service is hard and you get really mean people and I don't want to be that type of person, but I also KNOW that I had a right as a customer to refuse to pay for what I got, but I'm a pushover and had other things to do that day so I sucked it up and paid for it.  BIG MISTAKE, I'll never go here again and get walked all over.  I feel taken advantage of.  Not to mention I'm a poor college student and $80 is a lot of money to me so it felt wasted because weeks later I could only afford cheap box dye to cover up the mess they made (AND I wasn't in Las Vegas to go complain).
5	I am very reluctant to get my hair done because I never know exactly what to do with my hair, I never feel like I get my money's worth, and I never feel fully satisfied when I leave.  Today those feelings were put to rest.  My husband had had enough of me complaining about getting a haircut, so he did a little research on yelp and booked an appointment for me!  (How sweet!)When I arrived I was a little anxious and skeptical.  The place is situated in the same shopping center as Buffalo Exchange, which to me is a little sketchy to begin with...don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Buffalo Exchange...When I entered the shop, I was greeted by friendly people...all with the most cool dyed hair and styles and tattoos.  I have to admit that I felt a little out of place not being so punk and cool...but Jeremy made me feel at ease.  I felt like being around so much creativity in styles would be a good thing for me...and I was right!  Jeremy asked what I wanted and all I said was I wanted all my dead hair cut off and was pretty open to anything.  What I walked away with...2.5 hours later was a cut and color I absolutely love!  Jeremy has so much attention to detail and patience and an awesome eye for style.  I had no idea what I wanted but came out with a style I exactly wanted!  And all for under $100!Now...how do I style it on my own?  Will definitely go back for upkeep and possibly something new!
5	Great place for great hair. I started here as a referral client, but now I do the referring. Sandy has been doing my hair for about a year and I couldn't be happier. They are also the only salon in Vegas that I know of that has Toothfairy, temporary crystals for your teeth. You can also get these fantastic feather extensions from Marcy, I have red hair and I get both red and green ones but she has tons of colors.
5	Ok, so I made the poor decision of scheduling my hair appointment for my wedding only a week in advance, so I had no time to do a trial run, you know to see if i liked the hair style i picked out. So needless to say in the days leading up to the wedding i was very nervous I had never gotten my hair done at that salon  before and I had no idea who was gonna do it, but I really had no other options at that point.But boy oh boy am I glad I chose this place!!! I don't think anyone could have done a more perfect job of the hairstyle i chose. Sam was my stylist and she was awesome! Super friendly and funny, I will definitely go back to see her again. They took me right away, and I was done perfectly on time so I didn't have to rush right to the wedding chapel, my hairstyle kept its form the whole night!! I really couldn't have asked for more it was beautiful. Thank you sam!!
5	I found the Shag Me salon through the Fabulous Sin City Rollergirls last September 2010.  It was the best decision I've ever made!  Who doesn't want to look like a roller derby girl, right?  The salon is hip, cool and trendy.  The stylists are young and fun.  Definately not your old lady hair salon.  The prices are very affordable.  All the stylists ROCK but I love Michell (Michelle with no 'e').  She's great with my hair type curly and thick!  She keeps me looking fun with dark color with the purple and blue highlights!  Again, keeping it young and fun!  The salon plays fun movies all day as you process your color too.  I donated "Whip It" for their collection.  As a business owner who deals with weddings and brides it's important for me to look my best and Shag Me does a great job!  Check them out!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the ambiance of this place, the staff is super friendly and SOOOOOOOO funny!!!! Came in to get feather extensions and was out in 10 mins, i get compliments all the time on them. DEF. will be back to try some of their other services. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	Marcy Macgregor rocks my socks!
5	Shag Me has just what I was looking for in a hair place... laid back, reasonably priced, and great results!Jeremy has cut my hair four times, and I have been thrilled every time.  He's executed what I asked for, but also provided great suggestions that have made my hair look much better.  I highly recommend him!
1	After much "shopping around" and reading reviews I opted to go to this Salon. I was super excited due to all the fab reviews- I have never been so wrong! I now have to go and get color correction due to this establishment. Here's the scoop... I walk in 10min early, as I always do, to see a child sitting at the receptionist chair. I say, "Hello I have an appointment with Sam." The little girl (who come to find out is the owners child) rolls her eyes and says, "Pfft Sam has no appointments today." To which her mother interjects (with no apology mind you) that my stylist had been switched to Erica. This should have been a sign to walk out, I decided to stay. As I am sitting there the owner burned a client with a flat iron and the stylist (I use that term loosely) I was working with was fixing a guys hair. I was finally seen 15min later than my appointment. Which I had made a week before. I am explaining what I want using rockabilly icons and this girl hadn't a clue. Thank goodness I had pictures! Anywho- I explain what I was doing with my hair and even the level and shade I was at and that I wanted beige natural tones.  In addition I say I use "purple" shampoo to stop brassiness all stylists know you have to adjust the toner accordingly. Erica begins cutting (she dry cut my hair) while she was cutting her HANDS WERE SHAKING! She luckily didn't butcher my hair but left a lot of dead ends and really only cleaned up the front. Erica then went to the back to make my coloring and it seriously took her 20min to come back. She was setting up for my highlights and was struggling. I remind her that my highlights had no pattern and they were being used to break up the black (I am lightening my hair). She rinses out my hair and does not put toner over the highlights! They are BRIGHT BLEACHED BLONDE! I ask her, "Are we going to put a toner over this? These highlights are much too bright" This is AFTER I have already told her I am not a fan of highlights that we were using them to break up the deep rooted color. "Oh Oh" she says and puts toner over them.... We go and rinse another time... as she is blowing out my hair (even her hair dryer skills were laughable) I see a blue-green tinge... as it gets a little dryer ALL of my highlights are green/blue! I am like "Ummmm why is this happening?" "Oh OH" she says and pulls me back to the wash basin again. She then pulls SANDY (the one that gets the raves) back into the back room and is gone for 15min. THEN pulls the owner to the back. The owner comes back while Sandy and Erica are still back there and while I am sitting there the owner laughs and says, " haha you will have something to chuckle about! You sure you didn't want blueish hair?" NOT the answer I wanted from the OWNER. They then have to apply a soap cap, more bleach on my already bleached hair, and retone the highlights AGAIN. As we are blowing out my hair for the third time now I see more blue! She calls the owner and sandy over and they insist that its only my imagination. The owner adds that the highlights aren't the same shade but she suggested leaving it bc of all the correction already going on in my hair. Then the owner actually had to TELL Erica to flat iron my hair then they left!... ok fine... So Erica goes to flat iron my hair and I had to stop her. MY HAIR WAS STILL WET! All of you know that is a no no. I had to show Erica where the wet spots were! I was finally done (after 5 hours!) and go home. It looked good. I wasn't worried. Then it started turning colors! I have only washed it once WITH purple shampoo and I have huge spots of brassiness in addition to blue/green. Oh and did I mention she ended up turning my hair DARKER after I specifically said I was lightening my hair.  I now am going tomorrow to a color correction pro to get this fixed. in a nut shell- she covered my highlights in the front of my bangs... did not carry my highlights through,... used a demi permanent... and in the end TURNED MY HAIR BLUE/GREEN!
5	Man, do I hate having my hair done. I hate sitting in a chair uncomfortably for hours making small talk with a semi-stranger for 3+ hours. I hate having people roughly pull my hair and shoving my head a certain way.. It doesn't relax me at all. I dread it.But I sure do love having gorgeous hair.Shag Me Salon was a recommendation by one of my customers. She had hot pink hair, and it was spectacular looking. It wasn't the look I was going for, but any salon that can successfully pull off that kind of color is a winner in my book. I immediately made an appointment (with no specific stylist in mind) and eagerly awaited for the day to come.Jeremy was my stylist, and I honestly can say that he exceeded every expectation I had about my appointment. I told him I wanted piecey blonde streaks alternating platinum and a mellower yellow-gold. He brought out a color book and actually spent the time to make sure we were both on the same page with the colors. I have rarely had a stylist take the time to do this (they just generally assume), so I felt he genuinely cared about my hair and I appreciated that. He worked quickly, and the highlights came out perfectly piecey and exactly the right color. No having to tone my hair to get the right color like so many stylists rely on. He did it right the first time, and it looked amazing.When it came time for the cut, he layered my hair so flatteringly and thinned out my overly thick hair. He also gave me the most gorgeous side swept bangs. I have a cowlick right in the middle of my hairline. But somehow he made them look amazing. I have no idea how. All I know is, I'm screwed when I wash my hair tomorrow, because there's no way I'll be as talented as that guy in replicating it. But he gave me some styling tips, so hopefully I can get them to cooperate somewhat like he did.Two important things: He picked up on the fact that I'm not a huge talker, and he respected that. It relaxed me not having to worry about discussing some TV show I've never watched or what antics Kim Kardashian has been up to in the past week. Secondly, when he wanted me to move my head a certain way, he either asked me politely or gently tilted my head. No rough jerking of my head or barking orders at me, like...well...every other stylist I've ever had.I swear, if I had the money, I would go to Jeremy three times a week, just to have my hair washed and styled. He was truly amazing.I've babbled. Let me sum up the rest of the salon. This place is perfect if you're looking for an unconvential/rockabilly/burlesque/pin-up hairstyle. But it's also quite welcoming if you're like me and need something slightly more conservative. All the stylists were cool, skilled in a variety of cuts and colors, and had the greatest, most chill attitudes I've ever seen. There was no fakeness to be had, which I enjoyed. The salon is clean, but down to earth. It's not pretentious and the prices are unbelievably reasonable.Unless you want a mullet. The pricing sheet says they charge $200 for it. ;-)I'll be back to Shag Salon, especially to see Jeremy. A HUGE thank you to you guys!!!
5	Sandy is a rock star. Entire staff was awesome.
5	My stylist was Michael...and he shagged me good! loli was referred by a friend and was nervous because i had some bad experiences in the past. but, when i got there i felt like we've known each other for years. he was fun and also into keeping my hair healthy vs. bleached to hell.the experience level is far above 5 stars for this guy. i have found a new love in a stylist. My hair had been through so much with a not so great friend/stylist recently, and i honestly thought i would sit there for hours to have color retouching done for hours.i was in and out quickly with a fast process that created amazing results...ps - jeremy - the guy next to him, is extremely hottttt.  ---Angela
5	If you want a great cut and a perfect color...... then ask for Michael!!I dont know about you but sometimes getting your hair done can be so time consuming.  Especially when you have kids, you basically want to get in and out of the salon.  Michael is amazing, quick, and reasonably priced!!I moved to vegas in 2006 and was actually commuting to LA to get my hair done, because I was afraid that a new stylist was going to screw up my color!    can you imagine I was actually driving 4 hours just to get my hair done??  Until my sister introduced me to Michael, I have to admit I was skeptical at first, but I decided to give him a shot!  I am SO glad I did!!  Best decision ever!!  Michael did an amazing job!!  He knew exactly what color to choose for me, and it came out even better than my stylist in LA .(who had been doing my hair for 15 years!!)  Normally I'd be sitting in a salon for 4-5 hours.  Not with Michael!!  Michael has such a great personality..... so along with being a awesome stylist and a quick stylist he makes getting your hair done a great experience!!  I love Michael.  SInce then I have moved back to LA and the one thing I miss is getting my hair done by Michael!!  I haven't been super happy with my stylist or my hair since leaving Las vegas.....Michael is on my agenda for my next visit!!
5	Shag Me is the best hair salon in Vegas!! Michael rocks as a hair dresser!!
5	I have had more than my fair share of bad haircuts so I'm always a bit leery when I'm in a new town and it's time (well, past time) to get a haircut.  This time I decided to see what Yelp had to say about the Shag Me Salon before I made my appointment and I'm happy to say that all of the reviews were correct.  I am very happy with my cut and color (which I decided on last minute and she was able to accommodate).  I will absolutely and fearlessly be going back when I'm in need of a touch up.
5	Faaaaaaaaaabulous!I can't believe it, I had such a glorious time getting my hair dyed. I love Shag Me Salon and it is so close my house I will never have to worry about being late to an appointment. I went in primarily to do a complete turn-around with my hair color. I have had brown/dark brown varying hair for about 4 years. Naturally I am a brunette, but I have been quite a few different colors. This go-round I was hankering for a "Emma Watson Copper/Blond/Brown" look. I don't know why, but I just love her style and her hair color. Of course, I know you're not going to get EXACTLY what you want and I discussed this with my hairdresser. She talked me through the whole process though, and we did some collaboration based on what she could do with my hair/what I wanted. Luckily my hair took quite well to the products and how it turned out was AWESOME. I love my new look and in order to maintain I will absolutely go back to Shag Me Salon. Oh my stylist also gave me a little trim as well. So happy with the result! :)
2	I really hate to rain on the parade here because, honestly, the people here are super fantastic. So friendly and welcoming, it makes me feel bad to say anything negative!But, I have to. I read the reviews here and thought the place sounded great. I didn't read anything about blowouts, which is what I went in for, but decided to take a chance even though it did give me slight pause. I walked into a salon that looked like it had been sprayed with all things punk. I'm used to sort of boutique salons, so to see all of the things on the wall (posters with crude sayings, just jumbled messes of stuff) and around the area where I was supposed to get my hair done really freaked me out. But, okay, I was already there. They put me with Erica who is a really nice girl. I told her what I wanted and we went to the back to get a wash. That went okay so we went back to her chair which I think she shares as she doesn't have a station. My first really big 'Oh man, I need to go' was when I realized the chair, if not facing completely forward, was out of view of the mirror. That meant I couldn't see what was going on. It's vital for me to be able to see what someone is doing the first time they blow out my hair. I asked to be facing forward and she did that, but she couldn't really manage that way based on the way my hair turned out. I asked for a sleek, flat, smooth blowout with a little curl on the end and hair toward my face in the front. It's a rare thing when I can't get that to happen with a stylist, but my hair turned out to be full of body with really crazy looking ends. I told her we needed to stop because my hair was not going to get the way I wanted if we kept going. She insisted that it would, but I insisted she just flat iron it (which I avoid like the plague if I can help it to keep from damaging my already dry, colored hair). Also, she had a blow dryer without the attachment that keeps the grate over the mouth of the dryer from coming in contact with hair. I saw that and knew I wasn't going to get a great blowout. She also kept burning my head by keeping the mouth of the dryer too close and instead of combing my hair, she ran some product through my hair and then started drying, making my hair tangled and causing me pain when she tried to blow dry her way through the knots. OUCH. Every time I motioned that she was burning my head or pulling my hair she just acted like I hadn't done anything. No acknowledgment or question about what I was frantically gesturing for. Yikes. Anyway, finally got my hair board straight with a flat iron and it looked good, but I really didn't want that. I'd say if you're just looking for a simple blow out to find someplace else. As for color and cut, I don't know and I don't really trust a place to do that to my hair if they can't blow it out right. You may like this place, the people are really just great, but the decor is loud and distracting and the blow out was a failure.
5	I get my hair done here every 6-7 weeks religiously. I always see Sandy, who is absolutely amazing. She gives me the exact cut and color that I love and for a very reasonable price. The environment is fun, and I am always smiling when I leave. I mean, if you want a snooty, "spa" environment, this isn't for you. But if you wanna hang out with rad people, hear great music and watch funny movies all while getting the most amazing hair cut... then definitely come here.
1	I just came from this place.  I wish I would've waited for my appointment tomorrow with aveda.  They care much more and do a great job for half the price here.  Anyway, I decided to come here because of the reviews.  I came and got sat with this girl.First off, let me just tell you that when she took me back to get shampooed her breath smelled horrible!!!  As if she was eating a hamburger filled with onions in the back while shampooing my hair and going back and forth from me to her hamburger.  So GROSSS and unprofessional.  Then there was this funny movie she kept watching while she cut my hair and she just kept laughing besides me and the smell was just way to abundant.  I was so close to puking and just writing this I am nauseous.EWWW...ok,...so I just wanted all my damaged hair gone so she took off 5 inches and layered it.  I wanted to also get it dyed but she wouldn't even give me color samples (on the fake hair) even though I asked for it four times.  She kept insisting that my hair is not going to look like what she would point out to because of the products and my hair and she said it would just be a guessing game.  This was so annoying as not one stylist EVER has told me they could not even give me an idea of what color my hair would look like.  It's so hard to explain but the more I'd question her, the more she retracted and just made me look at her like the total fool she was. Oh and btw when drying my hair with the dryer and this huge squared brush, smoke was coming out of my hair and the dryer.  So much smoke.  Honestly she really isn't a professional and at the end my hair was just looking mediocre.  Will NEVER EVER come back, not because of the mediocre haircut but because of the lack of service, respect, and unprofessionalism from this woman.
5	YES! GO! I first moved to Vegas 5 years ago and had trouble finding a good reliable spot to get my hair cut. Then I was referred to Shag me Salon by a friend and have been going there religiously ever since, as do most of my friends! The prices are very reasonable,  the establishment is fun, vibrant and clean, (sunlight, bright colors, a rockabilly/rollerderby/burlesque vibe, funny stuff stuck to the walls, funny movies playing, or great alternative music) the stylists are all hard working, fun loving, awesome folks, with lots of skill of course. Its a great place to go  no matter what kind of hair you like to rock, super pretty feminine conservative cuts, or sexy edgy, punky, bright colorful crazy cuts. They do everything here, except mullets. (actually  they will give you a mullet if you really want but they cost $200 (haha)  Marcy was my stylist, and quickly became one of my best friends and the whole salon became my family. They've supported my caricature business by bringing me on to help with their many fundraising events, ( its a very community involved salon) and that really solidified my relationship with them for me. I wasn't just a client, I was part of their community.  These are happy fun people who love life and what they do. Sadly, Marcy moved out of state, but she assigned me to Jeremy.  Because I know and love all the stylists I wanted to rotate around, go see each one. but In the end i ended up just sticking with Jeremy. He's done a really really  great job every time, and hes really quiet and nice and positive. So Five stars, 3 thumbs up and a round of high fives, shag me salon has a great atmosphere, great people, great prices, and really great work.
5	Amazing haircut at an affordable price? Yes Please! Was greeted almost instantly upon walking in the door, decor in this place is off the chain if you love random stuff like I do. It's everything from zombie Marilyn photos to justin bieber posters with stuck on cheesy mustaches. And if you have a thing for 80's movies there's some playing on the flat screens. The staff was awesome and all very colorful and different which i'm totally into! Sandy was the amazing hair magician that turned my limp lifeless locks into beautiful tresses once again. She gave me a shampoo and head massage that was off the chain, I felt like I wanted to go to sleep right there in the chair. She was quick to ask me what I was looking for and made sure to ask extra questions so that she was extra clear on what I was looking for. Shoot I wasn't even for sure what I was wanting beyond a basic trim/cut. Let her know that I do 1950's pin up style hair and she was sure to cut it in a way that wouldn't effect my ability to do so! One of the biggest reasons that I came to this place :) She even dried and flat iron my hair and I felt like a million bucks upon walking out the door. Overall fabulous experience I will be returning here again and again to see Sandy as long as i'm living here in Vegas. Can't beat $30 for a shampoo, cut and dry/flat iron. Thanks again to Shag Me for making my hair shagadelic :)
5	Just got back from Shag Me Salon and had Sam do my hair.  After many, many years searching, I have finally found the "best hairdresser" in the world.  I went in looking like two sheets to the wind and came out feeling pretty and "human" again!  She is as sweet as anything, listens to what you want, gives her ideas, and whoolahh!  You come out feeling great!  Thanks Sam!  I'll see you again in a few weeks and can't thank you enough!   Terri
4	Finding the shop was somewhat difficult, well not really, but it definitely didn't just jump out at me when I was driving along Maryland. It's in the corner of a complex on Flamingo and Maryland hidden behind a bank in the same lot. When you first walk in, it feels like there should be a tattoo parlor set up to the right, and a garage band in the back. Felt like a very punk rock type of a scene, so if you're Elle Woods, you might feel a little uncomfortable. However, do not let that intimidate you, the people here are extremely nice and I absolutely loved my stylist! I came here to get some root touch-ups. My stylists was Jacklyn and she was so sweet and helpful. She gave me tips on how to maintain the color and would explain what she was doing to my hair throughout the whole process. The color turned out great. There was some parts where the toner didn't hit evenly, but I honestly didn't care because the overall look was awesome. Even if I was dissatisfied, I'm sure she would've went back and fixed it. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because as I was getting my hair done, I saw a little roach crawl across the wall. It didn't bother me as much since it wasn't on or near me. I actually thought it was kind of funny because it sort of added to the whole ambiance of the place. But when I think about cleanliness purposes, i had to knock down a star for that. Overall price of bleach color + toner: $85 Keep in mind, I have thick hair so she had to use a little more product for me. The base price for coloring is $55. Really great, especially since Ulta wanted to charge me $85 to start off.
5	I saw this on yelp. I'm so glad I trusted it as I've never used anything like this before. I went on 7/23/12. Jeremy was my stylist. He's so adorable. He's really great at what he does. I'm really picky, like most girls, about my hair. I showed him a photo and he followed it to the tiniest tidbit. He's  well trained, friendly, sweet and easy to be around. There was no pressure to keep  small talk up. But we did chat just the perfect amount for me. I figure he's one of those intuitive folks who just knows how to treat his clients. I am happy to say that I have found a new stylist and bonus: it's so close to my house. Suffice it to say: love love love love love him. Cheers Jeremy, if you read this. You've got a fan for life!
5	I was looking for a hair salon in Vegas that would do unnatural colors (pink, green, blue, ect), was nearby my hotel, and had good reviews.   Shag Me hair salon was it.  I looked at the reviews here and at their website and knew I had to try it out.  I had been using a temporary "paint" on pink for my bangs but wanted something more permanent (and better looking!).  I explained what I wanted and now have lovely hot pink highlights in my bangs which looks fabulous.  I've received a ton of compliments.  The hair wash, blow dry, highlights, and bleach came to a grand total of $50 - far less than they charge on the Strip!   (and probably a better job too!)
5	I won't go anywhere except Shag Me Salon. They are so wonderful here, it is not only a place to get great hair treatment but to have a good time! All the stylists are super funny and talkative, I always enjoy myself and leave wearing a smile. They also offer great specials sometimes and a discount referral program! Sandy is amazing, I've never loved my haircut so much before. She does wonders with my bangs and long, thick hair !!!! Go see her!!!
4	Dacia, the owner, offered to make everything right.  I can't say how much I appreciate that, and if I were still living in LV, I would love to come back and try the salon again.  Thanks Dacia!
5	This is my favorite salon! After trying out a few places in Vegas without finding any I liked, a friend recommended I try Shag Me Salon. I was very pleased with my haircut, the staff were all very nice and fun. The establishment was clean and cheery. They even gave my friend a discount for referring me. This is the only place I go to for my haircuts and have even gotten my boyfriend to start going here. A great place!
5	After reading reviews here on yelp, I made an appointment with Jeremy to fix a bad haircut I had received at another salon last week. I did a very poor job of explaining what I wanted to Jeremy .....but the bottom line is that I wanted the obvious layers ( that were cut last week at a diff salon) blended better. Basically I asked him to fix someone else's bad haircut. I could tell he was a very good technician and he has a quiet and pleasant demeanor.....but I still wasn't sure when I left the shop. I was worried I was going to have trouble styling it myself. Well I was so happy and surprised today when I washed and styled it myself with great results. Jeremy did a terrific job and fixed an unwieldly haircut. I am def sold on his skill and I will absolutely return. YAY Jeremy! BTW This little salon is very unspa like and leans towards alternative. That being said, this old girl loves the work Jeremy did and the relaxed atmosphere of this shop. I am so happy to have finally found a hairdresser in Las Vegas. Time to celebrate! PS Don't move away Jeremy.....please ?  :)
5	I read the other Yelp reviews and decided to give Jeremy a try. He is truly a sweetheart! Jeremy did a great job on my hair. It was my first time at Shag Me Salon, and I'll most certainly go back!
5	After reading the yelp reviews, I made an appointment.  I explained the type of haircut I wanted and asked the person who answered the phone to match me with the right stylist.  Boy did she ever! Jeremy was awesome! He listened to me and managed to give me exactly what I wanted.  He even rewashed it and used a product that worked a little better and then was patient and generous with his time. I wish I could afford many plane ticket so that I could keep coming back to this salon and the Jeremy specifically. Best haircut ever--and it was affordable.
5	EXCELLENT colorists. I've had my tresses expertly handled by Dacia and Sandy, and I have ALWAYS loved results. If you want pink & black or just a more conservative highlights job, get over to Shag Me.
1	I don't typically do reviews if I am on the fence about the service. My hair - wonderful, just as my stylist. but the owner seriously needs to put the receptionist in line.The problem:First, in making an appointment the receptionist was rude and made me feel like i was bothering her. To quote, "well, what'd'ya want?!" seriously lady? I am not a color professional so don't be mad at me for not knowing some special terminology. get over yourself and suggest a consultation or something.Second, I walk in and pretty safe to say the girl who booked my appointment was the same person not greeting anyone, with her face buried in her cell phone. I mean look up when the door opens!Third, first impression can mean a lot, and if you choose to have someone like that representing you than you obviously don't care about gaining new clientele. I loved my color and cut but i will not be back because of how i was treated.p.s. if the salon wishes to contact me - don't bother i changed my name to avoid harassment, possibly from the obnoxious girl on her phone. RUDE.
1	Had an apt with jeremy at 330pm today got there early.  No one greeted me but thats oki I get they are busy.  Sat till 400pm and no one still said anything to me so I left. From pictures looks like they do great hair.  Im going to have to search yelp again to find a salon that at least will acknowledge that im there. At Least they called me the night before to bring cash. Off to the mall I go.
5	Love this place! The vibe is super cool, almost like a tattoo shop - all the stylists have their own fun stuff up on their mirrors and they were playing Roadhouse on the TV LOL. But everyone is super nice, and they do great work for affordable prices. I went to Jeremy based on reviews here and he is awesome. Totally professional. I wanted pink streaks and he got exactly what I was going for. He was realistic when I asked him how quickly they would fade. Gave me a perfect haircut, too. I want to come to Vegas every 3 months or so now, just so I can go to him as my hairstylist. Great place.
5	Like so many others, I tried this place out because of yelp. My partner just has Erika a few days before for some highlights, and they turned out amazing, so I went to her to color my hair a few days later. I was pretty happy with my color when I left and was was pleased with how slowly it faded.I just returned today to get roots done and discussed with Erika making it a bit darker this time, and she NAILED it. My color is beautiful, exactly and perfectly what I wanted, she made it all smooth and shiny before I left, and the price, given my hair is not short, was pretty fair. Plus, I got a mini crash course on Dexter.
5	I had such a great experience here. I was fortunate enough to have booked an afternoon appointment today and got Erika as my stylist. I got there about 10 minutes early, was greeted at the door, my appointment was confirmed, and I only waited about 15 minutes for her previous appointment to finish up. I explained to her what I was hoping for with my cut and color, she listened very well - i have never been so happy with my results at a hair salon! I got my cut, 2 colors and style done in about 3 hours. I will definitely come back here, she did an exceptional job.
5	Shag Me is a really wonderful salon. The staff members are all very skilled and work hard to make their clients happy. Every visit is fun!
5	This salon is awesome. The staff are very knowledgeable and do a wonderful job! Marcy and Jeremy have been my stylist I love them.
5	This salon is by far the best one I have ever been to. Everything about this place is FANTASTIC. Every one that works there is amazing at what they do. No matter whom you end up with is going to give their 110%. What I loved about this salon is they tell you like it is. If you have questions,  don't expect them beating around the bush (HA!). They are very professional at what they do. They are wonderful with customer service, and this place is not your typical hair salon, meaning they have a tremendous amount of personalities! Very diverse salon, and not to mention the price is right. I have never gone this much into detail on ANYTHING. Do not second guess this salon. You will love this experience.
5	went a few days later and got my hair re-done. It turned out GREAT! and I was very happy with the results. Would recommend to anyone!
5	My sweet, smart & talented hair stylist that saved me:) Ok so I am a blond by heart, and she's my savor. Platinum she can do and do beautifully.  Her short haircuts are edgy, sexy and cheap... well affordable:) Dacia the owner is my stylist, she listens to my little twerks and remembers them every time I come. Like finger dry my hair... because I know that works best for my hair after all the bleach to avoid any breakage and well I mentioned it the first visit and she dries me without the brush every time. She remembers:  Thank you Dacia for always making my hair day so fun & stress free!
4	I go to Shag Me Salon to see Jacqueline - She's great!  I recently moved to Vegas and hated the fact that I had to find a new stylist.  I get my hair cut & colored regularly, so it was really important to find a new stylist that I click with.  Sometimes you just don't click, right?  Luckily, Jacqueline is awesome & I would recommend her to everyone I know!  For a full cut & color every 6 weeks, the price is reasonable.  What I really like about the salon is that they don't push the products on you.  I've been to so many salons where I've felt pressured to purchase the expensive products they sell.  Not here!  If you need to get your hair did, make an appointment with Jacqueline!Tip - Zappos employees get a discount!
5	I've been going to Sam for YEARS. I don't trust any other stylist with my hair, because Sam is simply amazing and always knows  exactly how to accomplish what I ask for. I always have pictures ready to show just in case I can't explain so well. Each time I've left the salon extremely satisfied with my visit. I love her station, her sense of humor, and how comfortable she makes the visit feel. She's definitely the stylist women dream to have. Can't wait for my next cut!
5	They do great work. Period. Also, very reasonably priced. It can be hard to make an appt on the weekends, so call in advance.
5	I had a blast here!!! Super awesome atmosphere! I booked a appointment about a week in a advance because I live in California. I looked at Erica portfolio and I was impressed... so I booked with her! I wanted to get a retro hairstyle and man did she deliver that!! Im impressed with her work. I would love to keep coming to see her but I'm soo far away! Anyways all that being said book with her!!! Thank you for making my bday weekend awesome!
5	Erika is the best stylist out there. I love the atmosphere and just all the lovely stylists there. They are all super talented. Erika is adorable (especially when she starts laughing). I went in after not doing ANYTHING with my hair for over six months (because I'm lame). She didn't lecture me about the lack of follow through. She also gave me the most amazing red hair. I would recommend this salon. The prices are reasonable and you will have a great time and experience.
2	OVERRATED! Both times I went Jeremy (hairstylist) does his own thing. It's a waste of time to show him a picture of what I want or describe to him what I would like because he would proceed to do what he wants. Long story short; disapointing customer service, it only took 15 mins for my haircut - but the guy who was ahead of me had a full "session" and had the same haircut as I. I will not recommend it nor will I be returning back for ANY service. Was it because I wasn't Caucasian?
5	Shag Me salon brings back that classic, Las Vegas Rockabilly feel to it with a psychobilly twist. Think of 'Grease: The Musical' but with some campy B-Horror, 'Zombie Elvis' memorabilia thrown in (heck, they'd even show some B-grade horror films on their TV every once in a while, or something hillbilly like Joe Dirt). So pretty much Shag Me is 'Grease: The Salon--The Musical'. Except there are no singing barbers here.Oh, but you will find some of the guys here with that Greaser attitude and the gals definitely rockin' the Rockabilly styles and Victory curls. On top of that, many of them are tattooed and pierced--definitely bringing out the 'divey' vibe that this salon has (the only other salon I know that has this sort of non-conformist attitude is the hardcore, 'Curl Up n' Dye' salon located on the other side of town).If you find this kind of ambience to be distasteful or tacky, then Shag Me salon is not for you. This salon is not your typical 'boutique' salon or whatever. It does not have that prissy, pompous feel to it, and neither do they care to be like the other salons out there. However, while the employees here may look intimidating, they are way far from that. They welcome all kinds of customers and are the nicest, sweetest people you'll meet in the neighborhood.Of course, given the ambience of their salon, retro/vintage hairstyles are a natural for them. The gals of Shag Me are flawless at pulling off the Victory rolls and and pin-curls. They're great at doing retro make-up, too. Now mind you, some of these gals frequent the famous, annual Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly weekend, so maybe that has something to do with all of this. Regardless, they know how to do contemporary styles as well.I came to Shag Me to have a wedding hair/make-up trial, and although their website doesn't list that they do make-up, they indeed do offer that service. It costs $60 to have your make-up done by them.They have only have one make-up expert on the team, and I wish I can remember her name because she was such a sweetheart. I told her that the theme for my wedding was going to be retro 40s/50s-ish, so I wanted my hair & make-up to be in the styles of those timeless eras. She did a great job of doing my make-up, although my only criticism is that she should've blended my eyeshadow a little better and make my eyebrows look less harsh/less fake. However, she is willing to make adjustments on the actual wedding day and has offered to switch the eyeshadow palette she used for a more natural one. Just tell her that you changed your mind on some things and would like to face to look a certain other way, and she'll agree to do it in order to make your big day as fabulous as it can be.The girl who did my hair was actually not her, but one of the others in the salon. Her name's Erika, and I've read a lot of mixed bag reviews about her service. However, I was not at all dissatisfied with how she did my hair. She did the Victory rolls the way I wanted them to be and also offered to trim my bangs for free since they were getting a bit long. I wanted that Bettie Page look to it, and Erika did just that.It costs $50 for an up-do, but since this was just a trial, the price was cut to half. Not bad prices, especially since there are so few salons out there that still know how to do these classic looks.Honestly, after the outstanding service I've received here, I'd rather make this my permanent, 'home girl' salon than all those other salons in malls or in Chinatown or whatever. I could never find someone who could do what I wanted without offering me so-called 'advice' (aka "That style is so old-fashioned! Why would you want to look that way instead of wanting to look like a badly tanned, overly-bleached Hollywood bimbo? That look the hottest trend right now! Forget Dita von Teese or Audrey Hepburn! Let me do your hair this way; it will make you look like [insert overrated pop star here]'s cute little sister instead!" UGGH) or being so incompetent at doing vintage looks.So if you're looking for someone who knows how to do those retro pin-up, Rockabilly styles or so, then Shag Me salon is the place to go!
5	First time at this place, came based on reviews. Monica did a great job on my hair! She listened to exactly what I wanted, and gave me advice on my annoying hair! She also gave me styling tips, and I liked everything about the service. It was fun and relaxed environment. Def would come back.
5	I love Shag Me. I love the environment and the service.  The people here really love what they do and that's reflected in the quality of their work. I see Sam when I come in and she listens to what I want and always comes through with a haircut that makes me look like a rockstar. She's also great with color and conversation.If you're looking for a great hair cut in a great atmosphere, I can't recommend Shag Me enough.
5	This was definitely one of the best experiences I have had at a salon.I have tried going to other salons and explaining to them that I set my hair at night, and  how I want it to fall, I tried explaining what a middy cut was and finally gave up, I decided to come here after emailing someone at the location if I could make an appointment with someone that knew what a middy cut was and they said Erika would be the one. Upon arriving I was immediately greeted by the receptionist which also happened to be my stylist, Erika.I only had to wait about 5 minutes, so I took some time to look around. The salon is definitely not brand new, but I think that adds to the charm. I honestly feel so out of place in most salons, like I'm about to scuff the floor or break something. And I always feel like the stylists think they are just way too cool for school. I did not get that feeling at Shag Me Salon at all. I thought it was funny that another stylist was cutting a guys hair but also had some dye in her hair at the same time. This salon has a super laid back feel. I love it. I instantly felt at ease with Erika, she is very bubbly and outgoing. And she knew exactly what I wanted, a modern middy basically. (Much longer than the original). I think she did a great job, I often feel like stylists are pulling and tugging at my head but Erika was really gentle which I appreciated. She also went over everything a couple times just to make sure everything was even, which I did not mind at all. The price for a shampoo & cut (w/ blow dry) was $35. And I did not feel bad about forking over the money plus a tip. AT ALL. It was totally worth it.I'll definitely be going back to Erika again in the future.
5	I am from Carson City but was going to Vegas for my Birthday/wedding.  Saw the reviews on yelp and loved all the pics so I thought I would give it a try.  I made an appointment with Sam.  I had no trial run.  Got there and immediately felt at ease.  Sam is awesome.  Nice, good humor and straight to the point.  She did such a good job I got tons of compliments.  I looked amazing on my wedding day thanks to her.  I felt like a million bucks.  Cant wait to get my hair done by her again!
5	First time visiting this place and it's awesome!  I'm surprised I never came across it sooner.  Sandy took care of me today and I will definitely be back:-)
5	I came here for a bridal hair & make-up trial a month prior to my wedding, and loved their services, atmosphere, attitude, etc. enough that I decided to give it a go and come here for my actual wedding day.Of course, not everything goes as planned on the big day, and I was sick with an upset stomach throughout that entire day which sucked donkey balls. Also, I made the stupid mistake of wearing a cheapo, plastic-boned corset to my appointment instead of a loose, button-up shirt because I was thinking, "Well, I'm going to be wearing a (heavy duty steel-boned) corset wedding dress so might as well get myself prepped for it without ruining my hair!"*face palm*It just contributed to my upset stomach, and I ended up having to use the salon bathroom to vomit. I just felt so embarrassed about the entire thing, but the Shag Me girls did such a wonderful job of making be feel at ease, even with my stupid mistakes. They helped loosen up my corset as I got my hair and make-up done, and made me feel comfortable throughout the process thanks to their super sweet and interesting conversations. They even gave me a plastic bag, too, for well...you know, 'emergencies'.This was pretty much a bride's worst day, but Erika and the rest were able to make my nerves become manageable thanks to their patience and understanding! And of course, as with my previous review, they did a superb job with my hair and make-up--it was even better this time. The peach eyeshadow that their make-up artist applied on me went so much better with my skintone than the white eyeshadow she did last time. And of course, Erika is flawless with the victory rolls as usual!It sucks that I don't live in Vegas anymore, as I would've made this my homegirl salon thanks to their outstanding service.If you want to feel super awesome on your wedding day, even though worse comes to worst, the Shag Me girls are there to aid you!
5	Sam Tarini is by far the BEST stylist in all of Las Vegas! Seriously. She does my very blonde color every six weeks. If I didn't admit that  I color my hair, no one would ever know, she makes it look THAT good. She has a way of deciphering what I'm asking for...for example, I can tell her that I want "more bangs" and she instinctively knows what I mean! I have never left the salon looking anything less than perfect. AND my hair is healthier than it ever has been before. The salon is a fun place in general...good for some light, girly gossip, and there is always something cool on the tv! I can not recommend Samantha Tarini at Shag Me Salon more highly! She's an absolute expert!
5	I love coming here. Monica is the best, we always have some funny conversations every time I go. She is an amazing stylist, I'm blown away every time I see the end result. The people are friendly, and it is also a super comfortable environment. (They have some Star Wars art hung up, which I LOVE). Definitely made this salon my regular place to go. It is a must to get your hair done here.
5	Had my hair, bridesmaids and my mum and mother in laws hair done, mixture of retro and standard up dos. This salon is fantastic, they were great looking after us all and meeting different tastes of my family. I had Erika doing my hair, she was great, She showed me a 40s and 50s style up do, she was great. My hair stayed up all night and the curls stayed and looked amazing the next day too, I was so happy.Thank you so much Shag me salon, you were great!
1	I made an appointment for Shag Me Salon at the recommendation of a good friend of mine. She told me to make an appointment with Jeremy, however, I went ahead and just let the woman on the phone choose a stylist for me as I was sure every employee there would be friendly and talented.On the day of my appointment, I walked into the salon only to be greeted by a clutch of women behind the counter giving me nasty looks. There was no 'hi!', 'how are you doing?!', 'welcome!', or anything along those lines. Being the friendly person I am, though, I said, "HI! How are you today?!" and, I must report, that the negativity remained. It was astounding that I had not been in there 30 seconds and already I was made to feel like a burden; as though I were interrupting the interesting gossip these 'professionals' were involved in. Moments later, I was fortunate to receive "Kellee" as my stylist. Her bright frown and large sigh reassured me that I was a valued customer. Following her to her station and sitting down, I was asked in a rude tone, "So what do you want done?" Wanting only simply to have my ends trimmed and a few layers added, I let "Kellee" know. After walking to the wash station, while she was washing my hair I attempted to make conversation a few times. Each time, though, I was either, 1. ignored, or 2. given an annoyed smirk and a one word answer. Wow! Way to be engaged with your customers. Once back in the chair preparing for my trim and layering,  I knew I should just go ahead and walk out. Not listening to my gut, though, I sat there while she hacked my hair up in every direction. When finished, she hurriedly walked me up to the counter and made no eye contact when letting me know that the cost would be $40 for the terrible hair service I just received. Indeed, upon leaving, my hair felt like straw, I could still see dead ends, and the "layers" she did looked like they were done by my 10 year old nephew.I was sad to report to my friend, the original referral source, about this horrible experience. While she apologized, she then said, "You should have gone with Jeremy!" Unfortunately, though, my experience was so nauseating that I will not even be returning to give him a chance. This salon will neither receive my business ever again nor have anyone sent their way by my recommendation.
5	Awesome staff. Casual atmosphere. Fun color options. Competitive prices. Marcy does an excellent job and ensures that I feel beautiful each time! definitely check it out !
2	I went to this salon based on reviews from Yelp. It was quite disappointing. I made my appointment and let them know i wanted my hair in layers and BLOW DRIED! I specifically made sure that they knew that i wanted it  blow dried. When I walked in, I was greeted and helped in a timely manner. It was my first time there so I accepted any stylist that was available. Jeremy was available and styled my hair. He cut and layered my hair nicely. He was a little slow but I didn't have complaints about the cut. So when it came to drying me hair he started to grab the flat iron. I told him nicely I don't like my hair flat iron bc I hate my hair being flat. He told me he doesn't blow dry bc of his wrist. Possible carpal tunnel. It's understandable but I wish they would have made that clear when I made my appointment or when I got there. There were other stylist available  when I waited  for him. So i wish somebody who was able to blow dry would have done my hair. I had no other option but to have my hair flat ironed. Obviously, I wasn't  happy w the end result as it was flat as a board. I had to use their curling iron and fix it myself in the salon. But once it's flat ironed there is no going back. So be specific and make sure u let them know when you get there what and how you want your hair done. Good luck!
