4	I have been working with Stacie Irish for auto insurance. She is great; friendly, knowledgeable, and stays in contact to provide excellent service. The insurance is amazing! I can't believe all the "perks" I get (roadside assistance, rental car, etc)  for less than $100/monthly. I would most definitely recommend this company to everyone.
5	So, Im on a rant here......I get another billing from State Farm.....every 6 months the car insurance goes up and annual home owners rates go up. Mind you I have been a State Farm user for 35 years and parents before that.....NEVER a claim on car or home in 35 years. I am loyal thru and thru, but enough is enough....I called them to be fair and asked if there was anything they can do for Loyal customer with no claim history. I was told that they pay out more claims this past year and everyone must pay for those who use it even If I did not.....WOW....State Farm said the increase in deductable was nationwide increase on homeowners. They added + 1/2 additional on the claim in addition to the $1000.00 deductible I have had for years without asking me.... Here is where it gets interesting...that means I pay a higher deductable, but 1/2 percent is deceiving......It should have stated new deductable was $2800.  Ok,......I am on a hunt...... 2 months later in checking prices....here is what happened:  I decided to shop around and here is what I found. I searched 4 different companies before making a decision.  I wanted an office local and a real agent to talk with,,,,,,,not an internet or 800 number.....(you get what you pay for) Frist:  AARP  discount with Hartford about the same or a tiny less about $120 a year....not enough to make a major life change....Then Travelers, was less but higher deductable and less coverage, Allstate same and higher.........then there is LIBETY MUTUAL....(disclaimer) I am not affiliated or know anyone with LIBERTY MUTUAL, but I went online and sent an email to them with my questions and asking for rates. They were GREAT!  The agent Stacie Irish set up a real appointment, courtesy and went over ALL my policies and compaired apples to apples...... On 3 policies......with lock in 1 year rates.....unlike State Farm with the 6 month policies.... (2 cars and home) savings of $1050 per year....and I have better coverage.... Thank you Liberty Murtual and Stacie Irish for the best experience ever! ..
1	we have been a client here for a while now and at first they were great. they wanted our business and were very nice. but when our rates went up for no reason they got very defensive and rude. when we tried to switch companies and wanted to pay our last bill the lady helping us   was stern, blunt and disrespectful. her tone of voice was uncalled for and un-necessary. I am a very very nice person and when I asked why she had attitude she was quick and fierce to say "I'm just answering your question you all are having attitude." I never raised my voice, i never gave a lick of attitude, i just wanted to pay my bill and nothing else. I would not recommend anyone who is polite or nice to get any insurance from this branch!!
