5	Loved this place with its mod yet minimalist decor.  My friend wanted a spicy roll with scallop but didn't see it on the list.  When we asked the waitress, she had it made for us.  We also ordered spicy salmon & tuna rolls, salmon and yellow tail sushi and a large bowl of seafood soup with soba noodles.  The fish was great & the rolls were also fabulous but I wasn't a big fan of the soup.  The noodles were over cooked and too thick but the broth was flavorful and light.The fish was about $3-5 for 2 pieces and rolls were on average $4-5.  All entrees seemed moderately priced.
3	I convinced my non-fish-eating-husband to take me here before the Coldplay concert at Jobing.com arena. We were pleasantly surprised to recall that it was a Wednesday (it felt like a Friday or Saturday, being the day before Thanksgiving) and we were there in time for Happy Hour! Happy Hour is from 4-7 PM, Monday through Thursday. So, we raided the Happy Hour menu. We shared an order of edamame, gyoza (Japanese potstickers) and tempura. I got myself a spicy tuna roll (yum!) and Michael drifted off the Happy Hour menu to indulge in a shrimp tempura roll (minus the crab).Michael thought the gyoza was the best thing we had, but my vote went for the spicy tuna roll - which is a great sign, don't you think? The tempura was sort of cold-ish when we got it, so that was kind of disappointing. The only other criticism I have is that when we were seated, we were immediately served our drinks .... Then 15 minutes later we had to flag down the hostess to tell her someone needed to take our order. I would try it again, especially because the spicy tuna roll was so yummy.
3	A decent place to get sushi in Glendale. I came for lunch with my parents and some family friends. They all ordered non-sushi dishes, but I opted to get two rolls. I had a spicy tuna and the Be roll, which is the daily chef's special. Both were very good and a had eight pieces per roll I believe. We also shared a platter of sashimi, which was pretty good.The decor is very modern and it looks like a nice place to meet for drinks. They were totally playing some ghetto fab music though. Oh yeah, it goes so well with the sushi. Maybe too hip to bring your parents here. My parents through, they're down fo' wuteva. ;P
