5	The Disney Store is our go to store when we have time to kill or need a break from shopping at Stride Rite and Gymboree.  The Disney Store seems to be slowly morphing into the Magic Kingdom with tunnels through plush toy displays, a tunnel through a princess castle, and my favorite, the tree and obscures section of a wall that proudly displays animation sequences.  There is also a coloring area complete with Disney Movie.  Some training is provided by animators.  Funny thing about the movie, I didn't see any DVDs for sale.  Just plush toys, more toys, Cars toys, Marvel toys, some collectibles, lots of diaries, and clothes.  Or were those journals.  There are also suitcases.  Hint, hint!!
5	Kids love Disney, and so do I.  One of my favorite things at this location (as opposed to the AZ Mills location) is the magic princess mirror.  Grab any of the princess items (shoes, tiara, wand, etc) off the rack, and wave the package with the UPC symbol facing the jewels and mirror, and after a few seconds, that particular princess will appear in the mirror with a little story for the kids.
3	Came here for my 20 year old son so he could pick up a gift for a friend.A few kids running around -kinda funny cuz one overheard me and brought their sibbling over to apologize for their bad behavior.  Admirable.  And looking back I should have said something to their parents.People working here are almost too helpful.  It was the holiday season so I imagine that's understandable.Still I will keep my visits to the Disney store in the mall to a minimum since they really don't cater to my needs as a Disney Park and Pluto fan.
5	Extremely friendly staff, got greeted as soon as we walked through the doors. Was looking for certain thing and store was super organized so I was able to find it quickly, my daughter loves this place!
4	Wish the store was a little bigger but had a great selection and very nice staff! Store is clean and easy to get through! One of the few stores I've been in that also have a Star Wars selection too!
