5	I LOVE Jessica and her services! She is by far the ONLY person I've encountered that actually gives me what I want and ask for, without putting their own twist to it, ending in a disappointing result. She's so great and very easy to talk to and get a long with. She is really passionate about making people feel confident when receiving a new look from her. I've never been disappointed with her and would recommend her over even the high priced, glitzy salon experts. She's extremely patient and really is AMAZING at what she does!!! Highly recommended!!!
5	I have been getting eyelash extensions for a while and have been to a few places in town but Jessica is by far the BEST! Exceptional quality and professionalism, awesome skill and she takes her time making sure you look absolutely fantastic.I would never go anywhere else and if you want the BEST looking lashes go here!Don't be fooled by other cheap Groupon deals with inexperienced, impatient or uninterested stylists who just want to do a crappy job to get you in and out. Lets face it...doing lashes is a very meticulous and precise time consuming job that requires patience and skill, and Jessica has it nailed. She cares about making you happy, not just about making a quick buck.Very lovely and uplifting personality and LOVE the beautiful horse decorations in here gorgeous studio!
5	What a great experience! Jessica is so sweet and patient. This was my first time doing lashes, Jessica took the time to answer all of my questions. The outcome was way better than I expected. I found her on groupon and am so glad I took a chance.
4	Visiting from Hawaii, Awesome service from Jessica. Used groupon and this was my first time. It was a relaxing atmosphere. She made my eyes look good lots of complements from stranger especially husband.
5	Jessica does an amazing job, she is super friendly and even better, talented. My lashes are absolutely gorgeous and far exceeded my expectations. Will never go to anyone else for lashes!
5	My eyelashes look amazing. She is super nice and what she charges is such a great deal for her work. Absolute perfection.
5	Jessica is so lovely and patient and friendly. This was my first time getting lash extensions and she was happy to answer all of my questions and listen intently about what I wanted. She is an expert at what she does and made the experience fun and easy. I would definitely recommend her. Thanks Jessica!
5	Relatively quick appointments for great lashes! As an expecting mom, Jess is always considerate of my comfort level through the application process. A must try, especially with the yelp discount!
5	Jessica is the best!  She took the time to ask me specifics about what I wanted.  I appreciate that it's not a one size fits all approach.  Incredibly professional, considerate, and so nice!!  My lashes look awesome, and I will be going back. Five stars for sure! :)
