5	I ran into Joanns this weekend, as always I was impressed!  Store was neat, clean, and well lit!  This place is amazing!  Joanns does such an great job with thier store layout.  Tons of fabrics to choose from, everything a girl (or guy for that matter) should need for home craft projects.  I like how Joanns keeps thier stores neat and clean.  Everything is in its own little section.  You don't have to run to 3 different parts of the store to find the same thing in 3 different spots.  All the frames are together, all the fabrics, paint supplies, etc.Plus, every time I am here, the service is always friendly and finding a staff member is readily available.  They have been able to answer most of my questions, or at least give me an inteligent response to whatever it is that I am asking.  I do like shopping here because I do feel happier when I leave, and somewhat inspired.You can't go wrong at this store.  Friendly staff, well organized, and seems to carry a little bit of everything.  Worth the trip every time.
4	First, this Joann's is HUGE! I even confirmed with the staff that it is the largest in the area. It has a great selection and seems to staff people who actually do crafts. This may sounds like a no-brainer but, trust me, its not. As the store is massive, so is the selection. And, the sales have been great lately.  The store is well organized and has everything you could ever hope to find for scrapbooking, card making, jewelry making, needle crafts, and there are tons of fabric and home decor items.This Joann's also offers classes on a regular basis. I recently attended a knitting class. It was a lot of fun and yep, we all learned to knit. If you are into crafting or interested in learning something new, this is definitely worth checking out.
3	I haven't been in a "Super JoAnn's" Store since I was in Ariz either last summer or a year and a half ago.  I was in here for a couple of hours and spent more than I should have.  Part of that is because I got charged twice for a storage bin I bought (lavender of course), which was supposed to be on sale for half off, but since they charged me twice for it I ended up paying full price (I wouldn't have bought it for $16).  Now I have to go back and hope they give me a refund.(4/09)(11/9/13) Here it is 2013 I'm still coming to this Joanns because it's the closest one to where I stay when I visit town.  Now, I like the store fine, but there have been ongoing problems either with the clerks or the computers and cash registers. Several times I've had to go back in or call for a manager or second clerk to correct the receipt where I was charged twice for something or I bought a remnant that was on sale and I didn't get the correct price.  For instance, I was charged $3.80 for one that should have come up $1.80 because the worker didn't know what code number to punch in. I got charged twice for a set of paint brushes once. I bought one set for $7.99 and got 40 percent off with my coupon, but then the clerk accidentally charged me for the same set later on the same receipt at full price.  He must've forgotten to put it in the bag and thought he hadn't charged me yet. I think there might have been 3 times in a row 3 different visits where I gave them a Joanns coupon and Michaels coupon and didn't realize till I got home that I got the Joanns coupon off but not the Michaels coupon . It just seems like the problems are ongoing. On the other hand the workers have mostly been very nice and very helpful, I'm pretty happy with the products that they sell, and I like the fact that you can use more than one coupon in a day as long as the coupons are different. For instance, you can use one coupon from a different store (but not more than one) and then you could use two or three different Joanns coupons, one from a flyer one from the newspaper, one from your Joanns app on your phone et cetera. But then again what good are the discounts if they overcharge you or charge you double for things?  My best advice is to take a minute and check your receipt before you leave the store or as soon as you get outside and pray that there's not a long line if there's a mistake. Invariably when I forge to check my receipt, that's when I find the mistake later.This store does offer a few classes but they are not cheap and they have way fewer than they did years ago.  The parking is plentiful with a huge lot.  I rarely have to walk far.
3	I'm not really a fan of Jo-Ann.  They don't really do much to help you find what you need.  There are never any helpful people, nothing is labeled properly, and the fabric counter is always a nightmare.  This one is tolerable because no one is ever here.  The people that they hire at this one are just people who need jobs, not people who love crafts.  You better know what you need and where to find it when you go here because it is easy to get lost and there are no Jo-Ann Sherpas to get you back.
2	Ok, so I don't do crafty things, but today I decided to check out JoAnn's. The store was very nice over all, lots of new goodies, but the section I was in near the fabric was a complete mess. I called prior to going to make sure they had what I needed, but once I was there, they didn't have what I was looking for. Ugh, I was so pissed. The store was totally out of my way, a big waste of time. I ended up getting something else, but it needed to be measured. NO ONE WAS AROUND. This other lady and I waited and waited.....nothing. Finally I went up to the front of the store to have the checkout person measure my material. She was very pleasant and quick to apologize for no one helping me. The staff that was around was nice and friendly, but the lack of organization and poor management was really upsetting. The management at this location definitely needs some retraining. Do they have store auditors????
5	This Joann's is huge! I only had 30 minutes here before I had to go pick up my husband from school, and it was not nearly enough time. The fabric selection was amazing! There is a Joann's by my house but it's less than half the size of this one, I think I'll be coming here more often.
1	Just as katlyn O. said, the store itself is great for selection and prices, but it's the worst customer service I've ever seen.The people who work here have no knowledge whatsoever about any of the products they sell and have seem to have never crafter or sewn in their lives.  They always act miserable and I have heard them speaking to each other countless times complaining about their work days there. I'd probably enjoy shopping there more if they had self-check out and a way for you to cut your own fabric.They don't even pay attention when you ask how much fabric you want cut and have screwed that up at least 3 times for me.  I special-ordered some scissors the other day, only for them to tell me that they lost them after I waited for an hour while they searched and were very rude to me.If this wasn't the only fabric store in town (besides SAS which is only good for some things), I'd never shop here.
4	I always find whatever I'm looking for at Jo-Ann Fabrics. The last time I was there I needed red felt to make a tree skirt for the tree hat I'm making for my Santarchy costume. I found the felt and a long strand of ribbon with bells on it for the trim. The only negative about this place is I can never manage to just "run" in and out quickly. Each trip turns into a marathon adventure because I end up looking at everything and thinking of future craft projects. I guess that's really a good thing. :-)
3	What's up with some of these craft/fabric stores only employing 2 people on a Friday evening?!  Had to run around to find an employee to help us.  One back in fabric and one at the checkout.  It was better than then Michael's at the Marketplace, but still!!!  Had to wait in line at least 5 minutes before the gal from fabric came up to jump onto a register.  I think from now on, if I/we need to go to a place like Michael's or Jo-Anne's....I'll go to the one up at Indian Bend.  Never had a problem at that location with customer service.
3	Jo-Ann's can be pricey, but great fabrics in the clearance section!
3	The store is very well maintained for the most part. Naturally, the clearance fabrics section tends to look like a bomb went off, but the rest of the place is top notch. The only true downfall was the checkout...10 people in line, 1 cashier. They didn't bring over a second cashier until the line was down to two people.
1	Positive: clean, organized, well lit, the employees know their stuffNegative: The prices at Jo-Ann's are slightly higher than online retailers and Wal-Marts; but there are just some things Wal-Mart doesn't sell. They are always understaffed and the majority of employees are surly. Expect to be interrogated if you want to make a return. Every time I come, there are long lines and extensive wait times for everything. As I write this review, the customer next to me is arguing with an employee. Apparently, they're systems have some kind of glitch and they aren't giving refunds; only store credit. Since I just finished arguing with a different employee, I feel sorry for the other customer. I'm sure people reading this review feel sympathy for the overly harassed employees.
4	I really love Jo-Ann's. They are great about having specials, accepting coupons, and they even accept competitors coupons. They always have a wide selection of all the products. They put the brand name stuff on sale that is hard to find at other places such as Wilton. They usually have lots of lines open to checkout and plenty of staff to help you. There are coupons on their phone app as well. It is my favorite of the craft stores!
1	December 23rd and one register open with a line wrapping around the store. But there are employees just wandering around the store.When we finally got to the register, my husband caught them over charging us.
3	While they typically have what I am looking for there is ALWAYS a huge line, without fail and often times there is not enough staff to efficiently combat it.
2	Great location but the wait time and employees, not so great!They need loud upbeat music or something.. If I took my timeAnd did not acknowledge customers I'd be in big trouble.
5	I love the fabric selection they have, they are always having sales or you can get a coupon on your phone. Check out line is sometimes long, but store is clean & organized.
5	I love the fabric selection they have, they are always having sales or you can get a coupon on your phone. Check out line is sometimes long, but store is clean & organized.
1	I went into Jo-Ann's, and there was one employee at the register, and a line of 12 customers waiting to check out. after about 20 minutes of waiting in line, and watching 5 or 6 employees run around and not assist the lady ringing things up, in frustration I just left and bought my stuff at Michael's and Walmart. When I mentioned this on their FB page, I was then trolled by their evil minion employees to the point I had to contact the authorities. I would rather gouge my left eye out and eat it than ever return to this store now. You would think that with two witnesses, my husband, and a neighbor- I would have received a bit more consideration. They were equally appalled at how Jo-Ann's handled their affairs. May they go out of business and rot in hell for the stress they caused me.
1	Great selection but one cashier... There was about 7 employees in the building and 6 of us waiting to check out.
2	I have a hard time writing this review because I shop here all the time. Service has been decent. And if this was any other day I'd probably give this place 3 stars. For craft stuff, I'd rather spend my money here, than Michael's. BUT every time I need fabric, those women stand back there and gab and completely ignore customers! Today I needed some ribbon cut. There was no one waiting at the counter for service, just me. There were 4 ladies behind the counter. None of them bothered to look up or look at the other side of the counter where I stood. So after a while of no recognition, I asked if I needed a number to get service. One of the ladies (going to use that term loosely with that one), glances at me and says, "after I finish what I'm doing I'm off the clock so someone else will have to help you." Wow, really?!? You win customer service of the year award!! 2 others went about their business without ever saying a word to me. Not even, "I'll be with you shortly." Finally the 4th lady came over, continuing to talk to the others as if I wasn't there. Looked at me. Did not ask me how much fabric I needed. Just looked at me. Then continued her conversation, printed my receipt and walked away before I could mutter a snarky 'thank you'. Horrible horrible service. Since this isn't the first time with problems in this department at this store location I'll be taking my business elsewhere!
3	I love shopping here, the only thing I don't like is that I can never get someone to help me. They are nice while checking out, but evenso, the checkout is confusing as well. Are you going to the normal checkout area or the customer service/return area?? Confusing..
4	Great location, great store! The only reason I took off a star was cause it took me the longest time to find someone who could help me. But once I did they were great! Very nice and helpful.
