4	Great place to find new and used video games for all systems.  Trade in value isn't as good as Best Buy but sometimes you get extra on certain games during promotions so check their website.
2	Horrible experience with staff. So rude I wrote to Corp on their website and will never return. They do have a good game selection so I listed 2 stars. Enjoy a human version of Jabba the Hutt when you visit.
4	The staff has always been fairly friendly. I admit that includes an allowance for the standard gamer-geek awkwardness and lack of social poise. I'm a gamer, and have been for years, but I somehow managed to escape the standard of not showering and not speaking. The new games are new, so not much to say there. The used games are often pretty good, and when they aren't, they're easy to return and receive a replacement or refund for. For example: I bought a Harry Potter game, and the first two used copies wouldn't work in my PS3, so they gave me a new copy. They even went so far as to hunt down another copy, play with it and then transfer it to my nearest store. The customer service is difficult to beat. And they have great prices on games.
5	I have yet to come across a Gamestop that has employees that don't want to be there.  Max is a great member of the Gamestop family and I appreciate the time he spent to help me find age appropriate games for my kids.  Great store for your gaming needs.
5	Been visiting this location for years. The staff is always friendly, the store is almost always in order and things are easy to find. Never had a single problem here. Love them.
5	So I just has one of the best customer service experiences with Max. Situation: was told that the funds were in my acct (the pro power up). I had lost the card so another store told me I was at at loss. Matt s Resolution: He called up game stop and confirmed my trade-ins and purchase while other employee was friendly also. I cant believe he recovered my trade ins and I was able to get Destiny today! THANK YOU! MAX
5	Best game stop in town. Store is always neat and in good order. The staff is always friendly and knowledge able. 5 stars.
