4	We're determined to do every cliche in Vegas, and now we cross the big buffet off the list. Falling in love with a hooker, and drinking yourself to death remain.This place has four lanes of excess to choose from, multiple carving stations, frogurt, yogurt, cake, free softdrink refills, etc etc. Why is there no beer here, damn it? Getting trashed in Vegas is becoming surprisingly hard when you're doing all the stuff that has to be done here. Next stop is the Amazing Jonathan show, which was pretty funny. If I can "blow" one of the jokes, is when his assistant appears claiming to have won tickets to the Blue Men show and comes out with the blue markings all round her mouth. A very coarse show and funny.
1	Once again, you get what you pay for.  I don't how some people gave this place 4 or 5 stars???  Just fork over a few more dollars and head to a buffet  on the strip.
1	I was sooooo disappointed by this buffet! The food was horrible. Everything tasted like it had been frozen and then placed in the microwave! I mean seriously people...how can you mess up pizza?? Horrible, horrible, horrible! The decor is depressing as well. It's super dim. I felt like I was going to see my grandma and her buddies at the next table. Definitely not a hip place.Forget about the service. No one ever came to take our dirty plates. The one saving grace would be that you can prepare your own drinks and the meatloaf and mashed potatoes and gravy. Everything else about this place majorly sucked.
1	Oh god, if I didn't get this comped then I would never had eaten it.  Actually, thinking about it I FREAKING WASTED MY EZ MONEY COMP DOLLARS!  I should had got a stupid cup or shirt that I would never use.So total ghetto-ness.  It was a little sad that I actually saw a wedding reception here but to each their own.  The meal was just $6.99 with the Sahara Player's Card.  If not then it would had been $12.99.  Seriously not worth it.The only good thing was actually the Prime rib.  It was better than some of the other higher end buffets on the strip and I've been to them all.  Everything else (yea... all 15 other items) were less than appealing.  it was disappointing to see that the dessert and fruits had more variety than the entrees.  I only had the ribs, prime rib, ham and the fruits.  Everything else didn't really seem fitting to eat.  The ambiance was non-existent as it failed to portray a Saharan Bazaar.There is really no service.  You seat yourself and get your own drinks.  They'll bus your table MAYBE twice and you leave!Cool to gamble here cuz the tables are cheap.  The CRAP dealers are the BEST! but food.... NO! Niet! Ex-nay!
3	I had comps from Sahara so I gave their buffet a try.  Overall it is a reasonable value for the money but with a big warning.The Sunday brunch has prime rib, cold crab and shrimp and decent variety for additional dishes such as potatoes, rice, string beans, etc.  The prime rib was more rare than is typical at buffets which usually serve medium done prime rib.  It was pretty good quality.The carving station also had turkey and ham.  The ham was very good as well but I didn't try the turkey.  The crab was a bit on the small side as were the shrimp.  I couldn't find hot butter and the cocktail sauce was alright.A major weakness was the lack of desserts.  They only had about 8 or so choices.  Nothing looked very good.  Almost every other buffet in Vegas has choices of pies and cakes and often ice cream or gelato.  Not here.Some of the lesser dishes were duplicated in identical lines to better serve a big crowd but it wasn't extremely busy.  I would have preferred more unique dishes but if it does get crowded an identical line would speed things up.  They were set up for an additional serving line but it wasn't be used this past Sunday morning.The major caveat here is that it is very dimly lit and looks dirty.  Not from the plates which are face down as they should be or the serving stations but the decor.  I'm not sure how old it is but I wouldn't be surprised if it has never been remodeled.  This detracts from the buffet more than one would think.One of the reasons why the buffet is cheaper than typical is beause there is much less service.  You get your own drinks and bussers don'[t come around that often--perhaps because there so few of them.The cost including tax was $13.24 and it includes the cold seafood and champagne from a cart operated at the left of the buffet.  A beer is $3.00 extra.  The champagne was semi-secco and probably pretty cheap but I couldn't see the labels.  It was served in a plastic clear cup.Overall, it is okay for the money but probably just if you are in the casino.  I wouldn't go out of the way for it and if I didn't have a $10 comp, I would not have eaten there in the first place.
2	This buffet was very disappointing. I would have gave it 1 star if I payed full price for it. No wonder they were offering it for $6.99 with Sahara Player's Card, which by the way is free to sign up if you think the reviews here are wrong.I seriously think Hometown Buffet is better. What stood out here was they had flavored water on their choices of fountain drinks. The Pasta and pizza station was ok. Several different pizzas rotating every so often. Usual pasta selections that you would expect/see from a buffet like Hometown or any other big chain buffet. The main entries they had on a Tuesday dinner was nothing special. Rice pilaf, Beef Goulash, chicken, squash and zucchini, friend calamari, some other items that didn't look too appealing to be quite honest. Carving station consisted of ham, turkey, and prime rib. The prime rib was WAY too rare for me. But I believe some people like that. I mean the juices were straight red. along with most of the cut I had. I went for another try, and same thing. They had a Chinese and Mexican station. Make your own taco, if you saw the one at Sizzler, its almost identical. The Chinese station had your sweet and sour chicken, Veggie chow mien, and a few other typical entries you would see at a Chinese take out place--imitating their quality and appearance as well.  They have the usual salad bar, where you can make your own, and also pick from premade ones. Average at that, nothing to say here. Horrible was the dessert selection. Looked like things you can get in bulk at Costco and just put in individual wrappers and served. No cheesecake so don't expect that, nothing extravagant or exotic, or anything that comes close to it. There is ice cream machine but that is expected. I forgot to add, NO SUSHI.Positive thing are lines move fast. There are a lot of seating, and the area is very big. Would I ever eat here again, maybe if I was on a budget and at $6.99 you do get what you pay for there. Anymore, probably not. But being in Vegas, why eat average--in other words; I probably won't be going back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	Not too bad. Buffet is huge, but cuisine is nothing too elaborate. Prime rib, pizza, mexican...as any buffet on a Friday night would be, it was jam packed.
2	I gotta say, I expected more...food wasn't hot or cold, just kinda warm.Didn't please me or hubby or the kids (3 teens) I will give them perks for the prime rib, it was pretty good, and pretty much all that was on offer.the lucky 7 @ the Plaza is sooo much better.
1	Oh my God.  This was so gross.  Buffets in general, gross.  This buffet took it too a whole new level.  Dont dont dont eat here.
1	the service and food is alot better at your local Hometown Buffet then the Sahara buffet.besides the food, the funniest thing about this buffet is the sign at the front of the line limiting your buffet "experience" to only 2 hours.if you can survive 2 hours at this place, you deserve a prize.
3	Hey People! It's a buffet for $6.99, what do you expect?I had checked the yelp reviews before going, I had expected that they would serve puke. We were hungry, buffets were closing, we needed food, so we thought why not.We got in right before they closed, and they told us that they will be taking the food away at 10:20. It was 9:55. Okay, 25 minutes. Which means, go and get as much food as you can first, before they start to clean up. Grab the salad... oohh, tacos.. mmm, prime rib. Corn, you can't screw up corn, some green beans. Let's top it off with some clam chowder, and you're good to go. The desserts looked horrible, so i didn't touch that.It was decent - for $6.99 - what do you want? It was food, it was cheap. I had the $27 buffet at the mirage the night before - was it better? Of course. But this buffet is $20 cheaper... it did its job.
2	This buffet was free for me since me and my family did that gay tahiti village thing. Worst buffet Ive ever been to. Me and my dad new this was going to suck once we found out the price. 6.99? Are you kidding me? The only good thing was the fish and the prime rib was alright. But please skip this place unless your staying here. If your on the strip, like I was and had to hop on the deuce like me. Then skip it. Not worth it. Go to chipolte. Good burritos.
3	Greatest prices for buffet on the strip and the food is not bad either...comparable to a place that charges you twice as much.  Well I came here one time with coupons and it was an Easter Brunch so maybe they stepped it up with the food quality but I got no complaints.
1	I understand that you get what you pay for whether it $12.99 or $6.99 but I was throughly upset with the food quality.  They had a great selection of processed EVERYTHING! Great for the young, non-caring, drunk-as-fuck type but my day sucked because I felt like crap after digesting that food.If you're going to Vegas and this is the best you can do...just stay home!
1	Should have heeded all the signs warning us NOT to eat here: disasterous parking structure, nasty elavators (seriously smelled of death), having to journey to the outer recesses of the hotel to find the buffet, staff that barely acknowledged we were in front of them, then spending $30+ for a 'champagne brunch' that felt/looked exactly like a Hometown Buffet.  The smoked salmon was ok, but as I went to try to find anything else that looked even somewhat tempting my husband came and found me, insisted I put my plate down "NOW" and follow him to the front to speak to a manager.  As he explained the cockroach he had caught with a napkin as it crawled across his plate, he asked for our money back.  The manager asked if the roach was actually in the food or "just on the plate".  She then explained the buffet had been fumigated the night before and "that some pests were to be expected."  She asked if we'd be staying(?!?), when we declined she kindly refunded our money.  As she handed my husband his refund receipt she asked me if I was going to be ok.  At least the manager was nice, even if nothing or no one else was.
2	This buffet looks like it probably originated in the 1960's or early 70's.  Just straight shot serving lines for the masses.  No ambiance or even a remotely pleasant environment in which to enjoy a meal.  There are no servers.  Everything, including all your beverages, is self service in old, plastic plates and cups.  We visited one time for breakfast.  The only thing I would consider decent was the omelette that was freshly prepared for me.  Everyting on the buffet appeared as though it had been under the heat lamps since the beginning of time.  Limp, soggy bacon, thin gravy, and watery scrambled eggs.  We could have enjoyed a much better breakfast in a coffee shop somewhere for less than the $10.99 for this buffet.We won't be returning again.
1	Never ever again! We got a coupon book advertising the $6.99 buffet but were rudely told that the offer is onlty good during the week and we needed to pay $12.99 for breakfast buffet! I tried to kindly reason that "Well your coupon doesn't specifiy  that information, so you should honor what you advertise" but no luck it was either $12.99  or take the long monorail back to someother crappy food establishment.Food was incredibly plain and/or wierd - no fancy breakfast buffet items that would expect like pancakes or muffins. It looked like they just used week old fruit and reheated or fried items from previous lunch or dinner buffets. The decor was old , seating uncomfortable and just plain ghetto.
1	I love the Sahara... absolutely LOVE it, but this place is gross.  Go here if you are really fat and you miss high school cafeteria food AND someone gave you a free voucher.
1	The worst buffet I have ever had.  I can't begin to say how TRULY BAD this was.  If it were possible to give zero stars, I would.
2	Not much to really say here.  The food was very overpriced and the eatery had kind of a Luby's Cafeteria atmosphere to it.I can't think of one food item that really stuck out as either bad or good - it was just all pretty bad overall.  I haven't been back on subsequent trips to Vegas.
1	I can't remember why on earth we ended up going here, but in my opinion, we might as well have eaten at Denny's. Being a Semi-Vege, oh who am I kidding, I had all sorts of food when I was in Vegas (and didn't gain a pound). My husband was like "I just want to go to a buffet". I was like, okay. Simple request. I should have agreed and went, but not eat anything. At least not here. My idea of buffet is Sweet Tomatoes. I ended up having a brunch of: Salad with sunflower seeds and Balsamic vinegar, a piece of Chuck.E.Cheese-style pizza, oatmeal and half a banana. I'm not kidding. I am a food snob, but I'd rather eat at In-and-Out then ever go here again.
2	2 years ago I would have given this place 3 stars. I can not say enough how disappointed I was upon returning to Vegas and finding my beloved Sahara buffet going down in flames. The selection was below mediocre. The desserts were qute dry and no where near as bountiful as before. I know times are hard but it's insulting to provide this food to people and let them think it's how it should be. And get this!!! You're gonna love this! They don't even do breakfast anymore. What the...?
1	THIS IS ONE I REALLY SHOULD HAVE READ N YELP BEFORE...It took 3 tries for us to finally make it here.-The 1st time the players club line was 100 people long,so we left.2nd time we got the card but the buffet line was ridiculous, so we left.This time I forgot my card so ONLY the card holder gets the discounted buffet-otherwise its $14.99!!It is a small buffet--the food is bland & boring, hardly any desserts and Self-serve drink station with PEPSI products,coffee,tea and milk.The carving station had a turkey end & a beef ends(at 6pm mind you-acted like they didn't have more) There was nothing special,very limited choice Its salad fixins &----salisbury steak,bbq chicken,bbq ribs,tacos,spaghetti,pizza,and sides like mashed potatoes,green beans and corn.ok so for $8.99 w/players card it pretty cheap for a dinner buffet (you get what you pay for)BUT....FOR $14.99 WAY OVERPRICED.This definitely goes in my BOTTOM 5 Buffets in Las Vegas
2	I guess the saying 'you get what you pay for' is true for this particular buffet. I've experienced much better. I won't ever come back because there are much better buffets around the strip. Sorry.
4	Am I the only one that likes this buffet? Is it closed for breakfast and lunch during the week? Yes. Is there a limited food selection that pretty much sticks to the basics? You bet. Is the quality of food questionable? Absolutely!But for $8.99, it is the best buffet around. Just make sure you flash your shiny player's card, which takes only 5-20 minutes to get (depending upon how hard someone is arguing for a comp over their $30 slot play for the day). Or else you pay $14.99 for dinner, which is a ridiculous rate for what you end up getting. Heck, I can admit this. There's the typical salad bar, carving station, Mexican/Chinese/Italian offerings, and some "American" choices that change depending upon what night you go, but with no identifiable schedule. They claim every night is Prime Rib Night, but I think that's a tall tale...it tastes like roast beef. You be the judge.They also have an impressive selection of pizza that tastes nostalgically like the stuff they used to serve in my elementary cafeterias. One time, they had out a pizza that I swear was topped with Baco's Bacon Flavor Bits. Oddly enough, it was some of the best stinkin' pizza I've ever had.The husband was quick to disagree, however.The drinks are self service and include a wide variety of sodas, juices, and milks. The coffee is some of the worst I've ever had the displeasure of trying.The dessert selection is all right. The diabetics really win in this category. The selection of sugar free goodies is staggering. And delicious.The staff is friendly and efficient. Seating is ample. Food is always stocked, and generally fresh. Not always. But for $8.99, you can't have it all.You want it all? Go to the Rio or the Bellagio.Me? Imma stick with my low expectations, cheap budget, and iron stomach.
2	I only ate here once and it'll probably be my only and last visit there.  I definitely got what I paid for with my $7.99 (when you sign up for a player's card).  That's really the main draw to this buffet as it is one of the cheapest on the strip, which is why I'm giving it 2 stars.  You do get what you pay for though as the quality of the food is really subpar compared to the likes of The Wynn and The Rio or even an average buffet like Flavors at Harrah's.  I do wish this buffet well as it does give you a taste of old school Vegas when buffets were $5.
1	Quick preface:Anyone who rates this buffet above "negative eleventy-billion" either was smashing drunk at the time or eats through a tube.This is the worst food I've ever had in my life. I've eaten at a lot of shitty restaurants, had tremendously ill-advised home cooking, and back in college, eaten things from the fridge that had their own ecosystem.The buffet at the Sahara is the culinary equivalent of being cockpunched. If you don't have a cock, just punch yourself in the uterus; that'll do.Despite it being a multi-national buffet with over *two dozen* entrees, there was nothing actually edible, save for the three-bean salad which was likely pre-made. Let's go down the things that were wrong, shall we?- Champagne for the champagne brunch is served from a Miller Lite beer cart in the corner. In plastic 4-ounce cups.- Cheese blintz: Dried out to the point of being crispy. Filled with cottage cheese. GROSS.- Sausages: Squirted grease at me like an angry sea creature, then exploded into a grey powdery substance. - Scrambled eggs were unnaturally voluminous, like a bright yellow angel food cake. I think they jiggled at me.- Bacon was a sad pile of fat strips with meat bits. - Roasted meats: They looked okay, but I stood at the station for 5 minutes without being helped; the only person back there was the egg station attendant. - Belgian waffle? More like Barfy ROFL. Chewy in all the wrong places.- Every single thing at the Chinese food station was affront to humanity. Wonton soup was like alien eggs in seawater. Sweet and sour pork tasted like cleaning solution. Naturally, the management refused to give us a refund because we'd been there longer than 15 minutes. Heaven forbid we spend some time to talk to our fucking friends who got married at this hellhole. $14.99 per person down the drain. If you're savvy enough to Yelp, you shouldn't even be within spitting distance of the Sahara, much less IN it. Why are you reading this? Go down the street and eat an omelette at Bouchon, or a croissant at Jean-Philippe, and do the real eating someplace where they don't try to poison you.
3	Cheap special price with player's card. Went with a group of friends for dinner after we ate at another buffet for breakfast and we were not really that hungry or willing to spend a lot of money on food at another buffet or sit down restaurant. The food was filling. There was something for each of us to eat. It was cheap and we were not expecting anything overly exciting. Service was decent as with all of the food. No real complaints here.
2	Hmm. I didn't find it as deadly as Steven G. But it wasn't anything that I would ever talk about. They had a lot to choose from. Nothing really stood out. Accept for the pink flamingo's out by the pool. But they weren't on the menu!
1	I am a VIP Member here and this buffet stinks. I would prefer the Caravan Cafe over this. $8.99 with a Club Card...No Thanks!! All their food seem to be reheated from the previous day. I eat one piece of food and I am done. Every time I go to the Sahara Club Window, they keep asking me if I want a Buffet Coupon, I just say "No, Thanks!!". Its just awful. Orleans' French Market Buffet has better food and price without the Club Card and they are far from the strip. I'll save my comps for rooms and the Caravan Cafe. It seems that their Buffet is situated in a former Poker Room or Gambling Room and right next to a Studio or Showroom. Its so far away from the entrance that its not even worth it. I highly recommend you to stay away as a VIP Sahara Member. If you have no taste palettes, go eat away. I have been going to the Sahara for two-three years and it tastes bad. Go to the Nascar Cafe...eat the B3 Burrito and its yours free...or go to the Caravan Cafe and actually eat something. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
5	I really love this buffet because you can get your own drinks - milk, coffee, juice, etc. Very good food. The selections are not so abundant, but very tasty food and a great salad bar. Large dining room. The lighting could be a little better, but very comfortable buffet where you never feel rushed. Lots of floor space so you're not bumping into other people. Very nice with friendly staff; the kind of buffet where you want to walk around and just ponder what you want next. Maybe the best casino buffet on the North Strip.
1	wow.  This buffet was well...nothing special.  The food was bland - really lacking flavor.The dessert selection was lacking - at least they had the ice cream machine.The service - well, the lady cleaning the table and taking our used plates was really nice.  But everything else is self serve.My friend and I were staying in the hotel because it was cheap and well, the buffet was definitely on the cheap side.  Even the buffets at Primm (stateline) are much better.
1	Food tasted like it came out of the freezer and reheated.  Poke the egg rolls and it doesn't bounce back.  Not good for even with Club Card discount to price $9 ($15 w/o Card). Heard it was closing next month. One bright star for the okay staff.
2	Eh....so it's not the best quality. But hell, if you want a cheap meal and you're staying there, just go for it.
1	Whoa.  Next time you see a $8.99 buffet, don't fall for it!  My friend and I sat eating for 20 minutes, pretending to enjoy, and finally we looked up at each other and knew we couldn't take it anymore."Want to go to McDonald's?"  I did.  I really did.
1	I was with a group of about 10 girls when I went here;  we had been traveling all day and it was the closest buffet to where we were at the time.  Someone suggested we try the Sahara Buffet since it was close and no one felt like walking (and we had a girl with us who was on crutches).  The buffet was cheap--under $10-- but somehow, I still feel like I didn't get my money's worth even for $10.  The food was terrifying.  There was salad that looked like it was about 5 days past the expiration date, everything at the hot side seemed to have some sort of white or brown sauce to cover up it's flaws, and all of the food seemed to have this desert camouflage sort of color to it.  Everything hot also had that light crusty-ness to it, the kind where you know it's been sitting out in the open for awhile and no one has touched it.  Surprisingly, the heat lamps that the food had been sitting under for hours failed to keep the food hot but rather a non-appetizing luke-warm temperature.Your stomach will be mad at you if you go here.  You'll be mad at yourself for spending money here.  $8.99 is enticing and I'm sure that it's one of the cheapest around; don't be fooled-- stay away for your health's sake.  You're better off going to a fast food place and ordering off the dollar menu. If someone in your group suggest this place, even if they're on crutches, tell them you'll be happy to help them hobble away from this place.
3	I like this buffet. The Food is good, and for the Buffet being on the Strip its reasonable with the Players Club Card. Its not really a walk unless your lazy. You get your own drinks which is awesome. The Spread and Desserts are good.  While your there, go on a Rollercoaster ride.
