5	Super good, try the orange dream machine or a sweet street waffle. I hit this on my way to work....makes a good coffee alternate and is really nice now that it is getting warmer out.
1	AVOID!! AVOID!!  IF YOU WANT TO BE FOOD POISONED, GO HERE!! AVOID! AVOID!First of all the female manager is an absolute JERK!  She has an attitude of arrogance with a side of rudeness!! Wonderful combination!I've been going to Jamba Juice in ALL locations including California and have NEVER experienced ANYTHING like what I experienced here!Every time I've ordered an extra boost of whey or soy protein and another "free boost" they offer, IF the drink is made correctly and with the FULL INGREDIENTS, there is ALWAYS too much drink for the cup you ordered so the server automatically gives you the bigger cup to hold all the extra... WHEN I'M PAYING ALMOST $5 FOR A SIXTEEN OUNCE DRINK, YOU BETTER BELIEVE I WANT ALL THAT I PAID FOR!!!There have been times that I've had to ask the "newer" servers to put into a larger cup but for the most part, HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH THIS except when I went to the GREENFIELD / MCKELLIPS Jamba Juice and had to deal with this manager.She actually INSISTED that any drink left in the mixer was Jamba Juice's and not the customer!!  She REFUSED to place all of the drink in the larger cup. I have gone round and round with this manager moron at least 5-6 times AND obviously the "customer is always right" doesn't apply here!  I finally got fed up and told her I went to the Jamba Juice on Gilbert / University and talked to them and they just shrugged, saying, "We always give the customer a bigger cup... they've paid extra, so we feel it's theirs. We don't quite understand why this manager is doing this, but that store is a separate franchise and are probably not following the Jamba Juice way."I went back on Saturday and there the manager was at the cash register. When she saw me, she immediately turned and went to the back room and didn't come back. Another server had to come off the mixing line and as she walked to the cash register to help me, looked through the door window of the office (I could tell she was puzzled as to why the manager abruptly left).  I ordered and did my spiel about putting the extra in the larger cup and she nodded.At the same time about 10 people came into the store and got in line to order and immediately the manager came out to wait on them... hmmm, I wonder if it is me?I watched the gal make my drink and she placed it into the mixer.  I turned away and looked out the window to check my son who was in the car and as I turned around, I saw the manager putting a scoop of white powder into my drink and then she started the mixer again.  I was STUNNED!!  I started to say, "What are you doing?" and she immediately went back into the back room again.  I got really angry and said, "What is going on?... Why would she put that powder in my drink?  What is the powder substance?" The gal that waited on me stated she was going to find out & went into the back room and came out a minute later.  She said, "the manager said you always want whey protein and she saw that I put soy protein in you drink and made it wrong."  I very agitated at this point, exclaimed, "So instead of making me a NEW drink, you sabotage my juice with TOO MUCH protein and make it taste like CRAP!!?!!"By this time everyone in the place was just trying to figure out what was going on with this manager... I said in a very loud voice that I was leaving and I was going to contact the corporate offices as well as the HEALTH DEPARTMENT!!  Obviously I left WITHOUT my poisoned drink nor an offer of getting my money back!At the very least this manager needs to be fired and have since learned that what she did with my drink can be a felony... how do I know what this white powder was that she put in my drink?  This CRAZY, WHACKED OUT Manager MORON needs to be behind bars and have her food handlers card REVOKED immediately!!I contacted the corporate office and they called me and said they were sending a "team" to investigate this situation right away.  I filled out a formal written complaint with the health department as well as contacting the City of Mesa Police Department for attempted poisoning.  She needs to be in jail!
2	This location sucks. They always close early and something is always "wrong" with the Carrot Machine. So over showing up there at 9:40 and them having everything shut down or not working.
5	I love this place! Fast and friendly.
3	A good go-to smoothie place that is almost always out of carrots and/or their carrot juicer is down...
1	Worst location for smoothies. They gave 2/3 in a cup. When I asked why it's not completely full and their response was you want more. It's as if I am not supposed to have full serving. Will never come back to this location. So frustrating.
5	Apparently I'm the only one to like this location? I used to come here in the mornings before work and the girls working here were always so friendly and whenever I wanted something new but couldn't make a decision they would help me come up with something off the menu that would turn out delicious. I ended up moving to the other side of Mesa so I no longer go here and that kind of disappointed me since I liked it here so much.
4	I only get smoothies here (no juices or snacks) and they're pretty good, although lately they've been chunky. Even if they're busy, I'm usually in and out pretty quick. The service is adequate, although the girls that work there aren't the friendliest and seem to have an attitude. Bottom line, I go here for the smoothies which I'd recommend.
5	I had never been to a Jamba Juice before and I am a mixologist at juice bar.  I was more than pleasantly surprised.  The gentleman that helped me, 15 min. before closing on a Saturday night, was pleasant and exuberant in his efforts to help me change a recipe up a bit to fit my needs.  Did I mention it was 15 min. before they closed??  I got the pumpkin smash and added some carrot and mango to it, and it was delicious!  I was so sad to go back on Sunday and find them closed.  The mixologist was more than helpful and clearly enjoyed his job!
