3	Ate at Rhythm on tuesday with the girl and my daughter. From what i understand, they've been open less than a week. I've been intrigued by this place since they started building it last year - thought the building was in an unusual location - thought it was going to be an office building - wrong ! When i finally saw a sign saying steaks/seafood i was thinking - great a local spot for me to frequent. But by the time they open, i move, but i still drive by often so i gotta try it. I was a little surprised by the lay out - open dining area, tables close together , no booths per se and the tables are too damn small ! The entire upstairs is a banquet area - good luck there ! We order several apps - Crawfish tails($8.99 ) , alligator tails ( $9.29 ) , calamari ( $11.29 ) , Charbroiled oysters ( $9.79 ) - overall, very average. The calamari is way over priced for what you get. The oysters were decent, I challenge anyone to taste the crawfish tails blindfolded and guess what they are - too much coating, small lil niblets . We also shared a seafood gumbo bowl ( $6.79 ) - my daughter impressed me ( she tried it first ) - " they burnt the roux " - WOW ! she actually listened to me after years of making gumbo - i tried it next - she's right and you can see it - lil flakes of black in the gumbo, bitter. And they still served it ??!? I went with the bbq ribs ( $16.99 ) includes 2 sides - mushrooms and asparagus - i loved the sides, they love butter and cream ! the ribs - the meat was good - the sauce a little to sweet for me ( strong molasses flavor ) Daughter tried the salmon ($16.79 ) with spinach and mushrooms - good. The girl ordered Seafood delight with rice and broccoli ( $15.29 ) - basically shrimp, catfish and i believe oysters in a cream sauce - delicious ! We shared a bananas foster ( $8.79 ) - not bad but damn expensive for what you get ! had a nola beer - abida - very tasty ( $5.75 ) Overall, it's a toss-up , gotta give them a little time to work out the kinks, i think the pricing might be a little high. Definitely will try again in a month or so to see if they've improved. I wish them all the luck Happy Eating ! pics posted
2	The BF did some research on Cajun/Creole restaurants in Vegas before we headed there again for the second time this month. I was a bit skeptical when he asked me what I thought about trying the Rhythm Kitchen - probably because there were only 2 Yelp reviews and neither of gave me warm fuzzies about the food. Since Creole/Cajun food is the BF's favorite and we're always looking for new restaurants to try, we thought we would give the place a try. On 7/24, we took a drive down Decatur to the Rhythm Kitchen for lunch. The restaurant is a wonderful modern establishment that unfortunately sits all by itself in a deserted area. When we arrived at the restaurant my first instinct was to turn around and leave. The parking lot was pretty empty and it seemed like a ghost town. That coupled with the fact that the place had somewhat of a foul odor. I should have followed my instinct and left. For starters, they give you a lunch menu, but beware because most if not all the prices are exactly the same as those on the dinner menu. And you pay dinner prices for lunch size portions. Are you kidding me! Here's the scoop on what the BF and I ordered: Jambalaya - Spicy but lacked that authentic Cajun seasoning and flavor. It was also a bit too soupy. Not bad, but I've had much better. Shrimp and Catfish Po Boy - Large pieces of shrimp and cornmeal battered fish. Just ok. Again, it seemed to be lacking something. A bit bland for my taste. Red Beans and Rice - Disgusting. Truthfully, the Popeyes Chicken across the street tastes much better. Cajun Rice - Not sure why they opted to switch the andouille sausage for spicy sausage (as indicated by the waiter), but I didn't care for this side dish. Like the red beans and rice, the Cajun rice had zero flavor. Sweet Tea - I was really excited to see that they offered this southern delicacy. However, I was very disappointed. How can you serve "sweet tea" when the tea is not sweet??? On the upside, they serve you delicious hush puppies with honey butter and they will keep them coming. Just be sure to finish up before 3:00 PM because they will hover over you and attempt to rush you out so they can close up shop early. Bad customer service, especially for a new establishment. Overall, however, I would not recommend this place. There are better places both on and off the strip.
5	Everybody's a food critic!  I eat at Rhythm Kitchen once a week and the food is wonderful! The wine list is great and the staff and owner are the best.
4	The outside of this Creole restaurant looks very much like a miniature Orleans Casino. The inside is spacious with an open kitchen, several dining areas, a bar and several private function rooms on the second floor.  Shortly after our menus were delivered we received a basket containing 2 rolls and 8 hush puppies.  The rolls were left untouched, but the hush puppies were rapidly consumed in fear one or the other of us would eat more than his/her fair share.  We both ordered the New Orleans seafood delight - 3 pieces of blackened catfish plus 3 shrimp over rice covered with a spicy Parmesan cream sauce and served with mixed vegetables.  Although this meal will never replace our lunches at Commander's Palace, I thought it was the best of the trip though my wife was a little less enthusiastic.
4	Good southern food, especially by Vegas standards. Awesome ambience and friendly service. Prices are great and even better during happy hour (goes till 7:30). Half price appetizers! I especially recommend the oysters. Half dozen starting only at $4! Hear they have live music on the weekends. Will be back to check it out.
4	I'm a vegetarian starving in Las Vegas, I've been living off of muffins, fries and cheese for weeks...need...veggies...NOW...!So today...It's past lunchtime and everyone is starving, so we decided to explore the area for a sit down meal and stumbled across the Rhythm Kitchen.  From the outside, it looked like a New Orleans home (wraparound porch, ceiling fans, etc) in the middle of nowhere, on the inside, the restaurant was completely empty.  When we walked in, there was no hostess to be found, so we picked up our own menus and seated ourselves.When I opened the menu to pick my lunch, and there was absolutely nothing there for a vegetarian.  At this point, I am thinking this was going to end up a disaster.Then the Jesse the waiter arrived to take our order, I asked him if he could whip up a vegetarian meal for me out of their offering of sides - broccoli, asparagus, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed spinach on a bed of rice pilaf.  He said, he'd have to ask because it's not a normal entree offering and the individual sides would cost over $20.  He comes back and tells me the manager agreed to sell me the meal for $10.99.  Kind of pricey, but I wasn't going to complain at that point.When my meal came, it was surprisingly delicious!  SOOO DAMN GOOD!  All of the vegetables were seasoned correctly and cooked to perfections (a bit al dente), the rice was equally good.  It was so good I scarfed it down in about 5 minutes.  When Jesse came back to check on us, I told him that my meal was awesome, and he just looked at me and said "Really?".  I guess the Nevadans just don't get the whole veggie thing.In the end, my lunch companions and I all expected a disaster, but were all equally impressed and surprised at such a find in the Rhythm Kitchen.  Great food, great service.I'll definitely be back for lunch again, maybe even dinner...They are open until 10pm on the weekdays.P.S. Yay for me on review #200!!!
4	THE BEST HAPPY HOUR IN LAS VEGAS.  They have a great happy hour menu ranging from raw oysters on the half shell at $6 to aligator tail for $5.   It goes from 230 until 730!  My girlfriend and I love it, we stock up on oysters and aligator and feast on all the other goodies (all around $5.  FOR the price the food is amazing, if you don't count this price the food I consider is still very good.  Def. worth the happy hour trip!
2	Well....uhh...Rhythm Kitchen puts forward a great effort to bring NOLA-style food to Vegas, but I gotta say they may need to make another trip down to the dirty south that I love so much and call home. We went here to watch some acquaintances play upstairs (which rocked btw) and we started with the spin/art dip (4 stars). For an entree decided I'd stick with something fried (that's what we do in the south - fry things) so I ordered the fried catfish (3 stars) with a side of red beans and rice (1 star). The catfish was 'aight', but the red beans and rice were pretty horrible I gotta say (to the point they had to be bathed in Tabasco before being edible). Service was okay, but the guy was SWAMPED and definitely needed help. I generally give places another shot, but I can't say I wanna head back here for seconds.
4	First, let me just say that I've never been to the South so I can't really compare this food to the true Southern style. I'm only comparing it to the other restaurants here in Vegas.Went there on a weekend for dinner around their opening time (5pm), there was only 2 tables in there. So we got seated right the way.They bring you a basket of hush puppies right the way with sweet butter.... oh my...... move over the "Hush Puppies" restaurant... these are the best hush puppies I've had. They are not your typical fried corn meal batter. These are really flavorful and fill with some kind of stuffing and Jalapeno peppers. Nice intense flavor with a hint of spiciness. We had to get a refill of one more basket.For starters we ordered Grilled Cajun Scallops as appetizer $10.29. They were really fresh and skewered with some vegetables and over some rice. But the Cajun flavor could be strong though. For entrees we ordered the all you can eat fried catfish fillets for $13.95 and Jambalaya for $14.29The fried catfish were really tasty, the batter was seasoned just right so it's very crispy and flavorful. And these fillets are big pieces, and it's a real piece of fillet, not the fake small pieces other restaurants usually serve. And it's all-you-can-eat.... for $13.95! Can't beat that. They will bring you two more pieces each time when you get a refill and it's really fast. I think catfish is one of their popular items so they always have fresh batch coming out.The Jambalaya was OK, the Cajun flavor was not as strong on this. And not really spicy. Maybe that's why the have a bottle of Louisiana's Hot Sauce on each of the tables.Really attentive and excellent service. The atmosphere is romantic and quiet.  They also have a bar on the other side. But if you want to enjoy a romantic atmosphere, sit on the restaurant side. They also have a balcony upstairs and it appears to be another bar/ party room with a stage. It was closed when we were there, but maybe you can book it for private parties.
4	After living just down the street from Rhythm Kitchen, I finally managed to make it over for dinner and it was well worth the trip.  Incredible filet mignon with sauteed mushrooms and a perfect Caesar salad.  Great bottle of wine - especially since their bottles are 50% off on Mondays.  Very sweet and friendly server and a lovely but laid back atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.
2	The surf and turf was pretty much a joke.  The filet mignon was better cooked at TGIF and the lobster tail was so dry that I sent it back along w/ my microwaved frozen broccoli which was so fucking gross.  The recooked lobster tail was better but still wasn't what I expected .  The waiter tried to explain that they usually cook the lobster in a different oven but it wasn't working.  I'm the dumb one for ordering that at a place like this. I would just go w/ the fried foods and the sandwiches next time. They all seem reasonably priced and the happy hour menu looks decent.
3	I think this deserves 3.5 stars & maybe more esp since I'm not a fan of fried food so I didn't try any.  That may be a mortal sin at this place but they still offer prime rib which I had medium rare with asparagus & spinach.  My hubs had the ribs with a dinner salad & side mushrooms.  Surprisingly, we went in at 5pm & the lot was full & it was essentially crowded due to (probably) the east coasters eating early since it's really 8 pm for them.  By 6pm, some were done & had left & even more couples were arriving for dinner.  I think we'll be back since Herb, our waiter had even mentioned that happy hour is 2-7 with 1/2 price drinks & apps so how could you go wrong?
1	The jambalaya was burnt. I have heard good things about this place but we ordered 7 different things and was not impressed. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing but just wish the food were better.
2	75.71 for my girlfriend and I....about $40 too much.  Something about the acoustics of the room make it impossible to hear ANYTHING to person 3 feet away across the table is saying.Decent service, but the food was pretty bad.  Jalepeno hush puppies left our eyes, not our mouths, watering.  Crawfish etoufee = crawfish too-salt-tay.  Avoid the bananas foster (easily confused for gerber baby food).There is a bar/lounge on the far side of the restauraunt which might see my wallet in the future, but the restaurant....never again.
2	-SERVICE: Great!!! -ATMOSPHERE: Great, except, I am not into the low lighting thing, especially when it's so low that you can't see your Menu. -FOOD: I've had better. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Southern/Creole/Cajun food and we've been on this adventure to search for some good NOLA-style food here in the desert. We've actually already found it, unfortunately, it wasn't here. Customer service was top notch. Atmosphere was great, except the low lighting, that was horrendous. Christina, our server, was great. Here's the reason for the 2-Stars... As soon as I walked into the building, I was pretty impressed at the staircase leading to the second floor. It's a fine dining establishment and the decor is nice. Although I haven't actually been to NOLA, I've set the bar pretty high for NOLA style food because it's sooooooooooooooooo good! I like good food and I love it when I find a place is able to WOW me enough to get me to come back for repeat visits. Unfortunately, Rhythm Kitchen fell short of making any kind of impression on me. Their food is quite forgettable, the food wasn't up to par with what I've experienced else where. Again, I haven't been to NOLA, I will be visiting in Aug, so I am hoping that this is not the way the food really tastes because this was so disappointing. I really doubt that I'll be back... Sorry, I no likey.
2	I made the mistake of buying a coupon from restaurants.com for this restaurant without checking yelp. My fiancee and I were very disappointed in the food quality and taste. I ordered the gumbo and was disappointed and my fiancee order the prime rib and he was disappointed. The waiter suggested and it was huge piece of meat with no taste.  Would not return ever. Disappointed. Customer service was also bad.
2	This place looks impressive from the outside. One the night of our visit, the parking lot was full, but luckily the dining room is large so we didn't have to wait! The dining area was very clean, and the wait staff was impressively dressed. Our server was friendly and attentive. I had the Shrimp Creole, and my husband had the Atchafalaya Crawfish Delight. There was ample food for the price, however I wasn't impressed with the sauce. I felt it was too tomato pastey and kind of bland. It needed more flavor and spice for my taste. We love Creole/Cajun food and we are always on the prowl for a dining experience in Las Vegas that will satisfy. Unfortunately this was not the place. Not bad, but not complete satisfaction, I don't think we will come back.
3	This Creole/Cajun restaurant was reasonably busy and the bar was packed with Saints' fans on this evening because New Orleans was playing on Monday night football.  Our waiter took our orders and returned shortly with a basket of hot hush puppies that made me want to howl in happiness.  I started off with a bowl of seafood gumbo while Ann ordered a  1/2 dozen oysters.  For a main course Ann selected the crawfish etouffee served with rice.  I did her one better by ordering the Atchafalaya Crawfish Delight - blackened catfish over Cajun rice covered with crawfish etouffee.  Combined with the seafood gumbo, my dinner was a little too much of a good thing.
1	A Group of us went to the Rhythm Kitchen on New Years and It was the worst experience for such a Beautiful Restaurant. Our dinner was suppose to start a 8:00pm.  We did not receive our salad until 10:00pm.  The food was not good.  The service was a joke. and for $125.00 plus 18% gratuity  I could have gone to Flemings Steak house and had a better meal.  We were all not impressed.  I don't think I would go back to the restaurant again.
3	I agrees with Tricia M - that the food is very hit and miss but fortunately for me - mostly hits...Hubby and I have been here twice now - once with the family and then a few weeks ago for date night with friends.  I am happy to report I am so glad we tried this place!  Thanks fellow Yelpers for steering me away from what this restaurant should be known for - NOLA deliciousness and instead have stuck to steaks and catfish.  I have not been disappointed.  Both times we have had the friendliest servers who waited on us hand and foot, even towards the end of our meal when the restaurant was full. The food was delicious as well and would have received a higher rating except the baked potatoes were beyond over cooked and cold.  Wasn't impressed with the desserts either - but maybe because I was too stuffed.  I also would have really loved to try the real Cajun cuisine instead - I was tempted but I knew better (thanks to Yelp!). The steaks and other sides were amazing as well as our appetizers. Grilled Oysters - Yum!  Alligator - Yum!   Asparagus - Yum!  Grilled Mushrooms - Yum!  Catfish - moist and flakey huge Yum!  Hush Puppies -OMG Yum!Hubby was not a fan of the seasoning used on the outside of his prime rib but that was a personal taste issue - the prime rib was still perfectly cooked. And they really know how to grill a ribeye (but my sexy hubby chef still is the master!) We will definitely be back but I will Yelp first to see if the ratings have improved enough for me to try the Jambalya, Gumbo, Dirty Rice & Shrimp Creole that I really want.
4	I love judging books by the cover....thats how I ended up tonight with my mom at the Rhythm Kitchen.For months I have driven by this impressive edifice at Decatur and the 215 and wondered what kind of awesomeness went on inside.  It was clear from the facade there was some type of N'awlins food going on and with mamma's money paying the tab, I finally had an excuse to venture over.  I was immediately struck by the size of the place.  The lounge and bar area is big and almost completely separate from the rest of the restaurant.  The dining room is even bigger and nicely apportioned...Im a sucker for table clothes and they of course have them.  Smile.The menu has many Creole specialties and is fairly expansive.  The wine menu is pretty average and I was disappointed to see that the wines by the glass were kind of pricey for the quality.  They did redeem themselves by having three types of beer from Abita in Louisiana on draught which were tasty.  A bread basket is brought out to start that has dinner rolls and............wait for it.........................HUSH PUPPIES!!!!!  I love hush puppies and these were excellent, not those janky fried mush balls you get at fast food fish places named after a pirate.  We also ordered one of their appetizers and got the Crab Cakes which came as three large crab balls.  They had a nice batter on the outside and rich, warm crab on the inside.  The remoulade sauce was a nice complement for them as well.  I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and my mom got the Shrimp Jumbalaya and both were generous servings with rice and, peppers and Andouille sausage.  The funny thing however was that there wasn't much difference between the two in terms of look and composition.  Strange.  I mean we were both happy and the taste was excellent but they were almost the same.  In fact, I might suggest getting the Gumbo because its significantly cheaper.  But yeah, the doppleganger effect was odd.   Overall prices are reasonable, service crisp and friendly and food pretty darn good.  They're not reinventing the wheel at Rhythm Kitchen but they are serving up decent New Orleans style cuisine.  Sometimes its best to leave a mystery a mystery because your not happy with what you find out and its better to dream about all the possibilities that could be.....thats not the case here.  I'm glad I made it into Rhythm Kitchen to explore and I'm sure I'll be back again.
2	the wife and i stopped in here to grab a bite, walked in the lobby and were impressed by the building and decor. then we stood at the reception desk for about 7 minutes before anyone showed up (i am already thinking not good). the place was dead (it was Sunday night) and the dining room is large so we sat right down, service was good but kind of slow. we didn't order any cocktails or appetizers so we went straight to our meals, the wife ordered bacon wrapped shrimp with asparagus and a side Caesar side salad, i ordered a Caesar salad with jumbo shrimp. the wife's salad came and it had no croutons, she asked the waitress if they forgot and she said they ran out and asked if that was ok (come on who runs out of croutons and then asks if it is ok when they get called out? either make some or run out and buy some!!) so now i know what i have to look forward to. they did bring basket with some pretty tasty jalapeno hush puppies and some generic rolls. so our food shows up a little later and the presentation was ok, the shrimp were a good size, not gulf size but decent. all of it tasted ok, not sensational or anything to rave about. check was 40 bucks, a little much for some shrimp on a salad and some bacon wrapped shrimp with some asparagus. i don't think we will go back.
3	I wish we could give 1/2 star increments.This is a 3.5 star kinda place... a little better than just "OK" but not 4 stars.This is for the restaurant side as we didn't go to the lounge/bar side.Dinner on a Tuesday night....Service:  Great!  Jesse took really good care of us. Of course, the place was pretty empty and it was just us and a couple other tables.Ambiance: Nice.... White Table cloth kinda place but not stuffy... definitely can wear nice jeans to.Menu: Good selection of all different kinds of "New Orleans" type of food (crawfish, alligator, catfish) plus the usual fare like chicken and pasta dishes.Taste:  Hushpuppies are AWESOME!  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside... and not grainy like most hushpuppies I've tried. Plus, these have  nice kick to them... I think there were pepper pieces in them.Shrimp Broquette appetizer: nothing special.... the menu described it as being wrapped in bacon... but we didn't see any bacon... it came out like a Shrimp kabob on a skewer with bell peppers and onions on rice pilaf.Jambalaya was pretty good... not the best I've ever had but meaty and filling.The Crawfish Etoufe was ok... I've had better.... but the size of it... Wow!  I think this could easily be shared. And it was filled with lots and lots of crawfish which was really nice.The Vegetarian Plate made a great side dish.  It's listed under Salads... but we ordered it as a side to our entrees... and it was pretty big and came with grilled asparagus, zucchini, steamed brocolli, mushrooms and rice pilaf.Price: A little on the pricey side... I think for 3 people our total plus tip was $140.
4	Whoa man strong drinks with decent prices. All you can eat catfish and pretty good fried ice cream.
3	My husband and I decided to try this place since we drive by often. We took advantage of the Valentines Pre-fix menu for $125 per couple. When we first walked in we weren't greeted with an overly warm affection. We were seated on the lower level and handed menu's when I had realized that my husband said that when he booked the reservation he was told we would be on the top floor. I asked the hostess , she said oh I didn't know!? Not my problem!We went upstairs and a nicer woman approached us , she asked about our preferences with our steak. I knew that our menu included champagne , but was expecting water at least before our food. That was not the case , we had our salads out before anything to drink . I quickly asked the server to please bring us some water. Hello!! I have previously been a waitress several years ago , and it was always a given to get beverages on the table before food! She then seemed a little annoyed and gave an excuse that she was just helping our server. ??Our waiter was nice. We started with Caesar salads and a sweet roll, both were good.Second course was crab cakes with Remoulade sauce. They were a little spicy  and tasty. They were playing a video DVD of John Mayer in concert , until a man with a keyboard started playing romantic tunes. Next it was time for our steak and lobster, my husband had to stop our waiter before we left to get us steak knives, hello!!! The meal was very good , it came with asparagus, and Savoyarde potato . Everything was pretty good. It was cooked very well and tasteful. Dessert was yummy , a hazelnut crunch bar that was soft and melted in your mouth with a crunchy layer on the bottom.Overall it was a good experience , but for $125 a couple , I would have expected a bit more with regard to service. We may give this place another shot , and sample their regular menu.?
4	I guess you could call it our first official date PB (post-baby).  It was a last minute decision to check out Rhythm Kitchen on a Friday night, especially since we drive by it all the time and have to wonder what it's like.We walked in to an elegant foyer and for a moment, I felt a bit under dressed.  There were two hostesses manning the front, one of whom I had the impression was the owner or manager.  With no reservations, we were easily seated at a table right by the pianist.  (They just added the pianist on a regular basis.)  It was really nice inside the dining room, and rather busy.  Despite the upscale feeling, there's a very casual crowd inside which works out great.  You can have a nice dinner out without the stuffiness.  Since we were on a time limit, we ordered only entrees and waited for them to arrive.  In the meantime, a basket of hush puppies and one bread roll with sweet butter arrived at our table.  (We are a party of two, only one bread roll?)  Nonetheless, we enjoyed the piping hot hush puppies and the warm bread. There was a bit of lag time as we waited for our food and I was under the impression that it felt like it was a bit understaffed.  It looked like there were three waiters, which had me concerned with how long it would take our food to come out since the wait staff definitely took their time with each customer (getting drink orders, getting apps started, explaining items on the menu, etc.).  It gave us a chance to enjoy the lovely music though.  Our food did arrive by someone else and the Husband chose Seafeast Platter "Combination of catfish fillets, oysters, fried shrimp and cold boiled shrimp." ($17.79) It came with one side, and he chose a Baked Potato with his.  He appreciated that it was loaded with butter, sour cream, green onions, and cheese.  The deep fried catfish and oysters were pretty good, and not overly oily or fatty.  It had a good batter on it.  His platter also came with their chow chow relish.I chose the Grilled Cajun Scallops "With andouille sausage." ($17.99)  It came with two sides, and I chose the Baked Potato and Sauteed Mushrooms.  The scallops were on a kabob stick (about 9 large scallops), along with sausage, bell peppers, and onions.  Rice and gravy sat underneath my protein.  The scallops were pretty good, not overcooked at all.  More on the rare side, which I prefer.  And the mushrooms were cooked very nicely too.  I pretty much devoured my dinner (as a customer noted from a nearby table).  This same customer also commented on how delicious her crab chowder and deep fried alligator was.  She even offered some to us!Since we were in a rush, I quickly asked our waiter for our check and let him know we had a baby waiting.  He seemed like he understood our urgency, but took the time to clear our table first.  (Yes, I know he was doing his job, but I think he missed the point that we needed to go and now!)The manager/owner took the time to talk to us and let us know about the bar/lounge connected next door and their happy hour.  She also mentioned that they have banquet facilities upstairs and there's a live band that will be coming on a regular basis as well.  (I think there's a cover charge.)  She also mentioned joining their email list so we could find out what entertainment was going on.Overall, we both were pleasantly surprised and delighted with our experience at Rhythm Kitchen.  One would have a better experience if you can enjoy a leisurely dinner instead.  Yes, it might be a bit pricey depending on what you get, so it helps that they are in the Entertainment Book.
2	Sunday afternoon for dinner. The place was empty. Ordered the blackened alligator tail, suprisingly delicious. Also ordered the Cajun shrimp, it had what they call Cajun sauce, very plain, it lagged flavor, it was red water.  I have had the same dish at the Sunset station Oyster bar, and that one is so flavorful that you scrape up the bottom of your dish with the sourdough rolls. Overall, a bit overpriced for what you get but i highly recomend the alligator tail.
2	This place was so exciting to me, I was happy to find a cajun place in Las Vegas. But sadly I didn't. Nothing is prepared the way it is back home. It is so greasy that rather than a sauce or soup your food swims in a grease ocean. I'm a fan of greasie foods being from the south but this place seems to cook new york pizzas and wring them out into the food. That being said the staff is also lacking. They appear to be professional but even when it was slow we practically had to beg for drink refills. There are 3 good things I can say about their establishment. It's clean, has a couple of attractive waitresses, and the hush puppies are actually pretty good. I did eat here twice, so not just one bad experience. Just misplaced optimism haha!
2	This is a 2.5 star review.  They advertise as a fish and steakhouse.  Instead they should advertise as southern cooking.  Now I love southern cooking but there is more to southern cooking than deep fried and blackened.  PositivesDecent selection of cocktails and food items (within the limitations of what I mentioned above).Very nice waitress.NegativesOf four of us that ordered steaks I was the only one who didn't have to return mine.  We are all prior military and have eaten some crappy food so to actually return something means it was really, really not what we ordered or very bad.Hostess, sadly, was really clueless.If only one of us had to return a dish I would have given them at least 3.5 stars.  My steak was good but we had a table of six people and only two were satisfied with their meal. One was mildly disappointed and three were bordering on pissed.
1	Late afternoon on a Saturday....  We were greeted as if we did not belong -  we had no reservations.  There were maybe 10 folks total using two tables in the whole place.  She took us to a table right in the main path from the kitchen so my wife asked to move.  Nothing else was available in the whole empty place so we left.  Sorry, I can't tell you anything about the food.
3	The fried alligator was surprisingly delicious. I came here on a private function for a work gathering, and upstairs they have a bar, dance floor, and a band that my friend's company provided. A nice atmosphere, though I didn't get to explore the menu more than I should have. Mainly composed of southern cooking. Otherwise, this place is generally dead when it comes to the social atmosphere. Hopefully my next review will be a little more in-depth, since I do plan to come back and return to this place to explore a little more!
4	**Summary**       - Fried foods - Crisp exterior with juicy insides. Not too oily either.       - Price - A little on the pricier side, but you get what you paid for.       - Shrimp size - Large to Jumbo.       - Decor - Classy Cajun feeling. Good date place.**Price**       - $50.00 for two.**Ordered**       - Rhythm Kitchen Platter - The fried items are very crisp and not too oily              - Catfish - Comparable to Hush Puppies but not as tasty as Catfish Alley.              - Fried Oysters - First time having fried oysters. They were fan-freakin'-tastic              - Fried Shrimp, Cold Boiled Shrimp - The shrimp were a lot larger than I expected and delicious.              - Frog Legs - Never really liked frog legs. These were a tad bit on the hard side.       - Jambalaya (Lunch Portion) - Very good. Similar to the Jambalaya and Elephant bar, but with more ingredients.       - Fried Seafood Po Boy (Shrimp) - Six hefty shrimp in a po boy with steak fries. Way better than the tiny shrimp po boys from Sweet Factory. (Other options to fill the po boy: alligator, oyster, or catfish.)**Recommendations**       - Pretty elegant and scrumptious place for a night out.       - If you're looking for upscale Cajun, you've found it.
5	So after months and months of passing this place by to and from work, I decided to give it a chance despite mixed reviews on here. Hubby and I went last night around 9:45 PM (couldn't help the time, I didn't get off work till 9 PM and they're open till 11PM). Hubby was output right away because the parking lot was empty... come on, it was late! We go in to meet a friendly hostess who seats us in the corner. Decor is very nice, romantic. Vince, our waiter, appeared right away to take our drink order, and gave us plenty of time with the menu as we were first timers. We went with: Appetizer: Artichoke dip with BBQ craw fish and shrimp Hubby's entree: Prime Rib My entree: Blackened Chicken Pasta We didn't go for anything out of the ordinary, but each and every bite that touched our lips was fantastic! The service was just as good, Vince never let our drinks get empty. Total bill $54.00... and worth every penny! Plates are generous portions, so you leave full with a smile on your face. Highly recommended!
4	I live close to this restaurant and decided to try it last night with a friend. Glad we did. We made it for the reverse happy hour 9:30-11pm at the lounge. FYI The lounge is towards the north part of the building. The food and well drinks are like $3-7 and since we are in Vegas I thought they would bring out happy hour sized portions like other restaurants do, but instead they bring out regular sized portions at happy hour prices! What a novel concept. It's so funny how some restaurant advertise happy hour and the portions are so small. Imagine ordering ribs at happy hour and getting one rib for $3. I mean come on, thankfully this place doesn't do that.We ordered the pizza, b/c I was hungry and I didn't want to chance not liking the first dish. We then ordered the pickle chips, jambalaya, clam chowder and BBQ pork sliders. In all honesty we're not fat people, we just didn't know the size of the portions. Vegas does this to diners perceptions. You have to over order to get a full meal nowadays. All the food ordered was great, but the chowder and pork sliders were a bit salty.  The bartender Kitty was great, but they lost a star b/c they had a DVD of that ugly, annoying dolt Harry Connick Jr. on repeat. I was ready to scream. I could never get used to hearing his music.
1	1 star mostly for the concept of all u can drink bloody marys and mimosas at brunch.  Too bad we couldn't stand to hang out any longer to get close to $18 worth, each...  Thanks for trying to make one Jane, but it wasn't any good.This place is a joke.  Food was poorly executed, especially since we were in an empty dining room, listening to musac.  Poahed eggs were hard as rocks and the omelet was rubbery and dry.  $72 for brunch.Owner/ manager walking around with a bloody mary in his hand (I guess I would be getting drunk too if my business was failing), instead of paying attention to his surroundings.  I think they pay more in linen for the dining room then they do their kitchen staff.My Louisiana girlfriend is embarrassed that this place even exists..:
2	Not like "real" New Orleans' food.  Having lived in New Orleans for years, I know what creole food should taste like.  This restaurant was nice looking and the service was good, but the food was not that good.  The sweet tea was slightly lemon and not sweet.  The red beans were sweet, like baked beans.  The catfish was the best part, not too much batter.  The cornmeal breading though was not flavorful enough.  The restaurant just missed the mark on flavor which is the whole point of creole and cajun food.
4	I really enjoyed Rhythm Kitchen. I live near by and it was a nice change to the strip restaurants. The lounge is towards the back and if you go in thru the front the girl at the front isn't very helpful, nice but seemed a little clueless on making sure you were heading in the right direction or not. We ended up dinning at the bar because there was a party with a lot of older people upstairs and my friend and I are in our late 20's. Our bartender was a sweetheart, from Mississippi and she chatted it up with us for a bit, which was nice because she wasn't annoying. We had a couple dirty martinis, which were perfect... bartenders nowadays forget what "dirty" means and you always have to ask for it extra, extra dirty to just get a thimble of olive juice... this wasn't too dirty but seriously perfect. We ordered clam chowder, jambalaya, fried pickles, pork sliders and pizza... We thought they'd come out in norm portions (small) and we would have a titch left over... NO! We were totally wrong. Everything was huge! Our waitress said to us, "We feed ya here!" No shit! ha ha It all tasted great and we had tons of it. The only thing I wish was different, is that they were out of green tomatoes because they had all ripened. All in all, I'm going back and they better have green tomatoes this time!
3	I'm giving it three stars because the Jambalaya and the Gumbo were great.  I ordered the fried seafood platter and the catfish was completely dryed out,  the oysters were ok, the fried shrmip were very good and the boiled shrmip was flavorless without the cocktail sauce. Honestly, if I didn't have a Groupon for this meal, I would've been very unhappy to pay for this dish. The hushpuppies were served with the bread and were not hot which was very strange.The saving grace was the wonderful gumbo and jambalaya. I would go back for those 2 items only.
5	Love this place!  Great food, reasonable prices, great service, and the pianist is top notch!  Went Friday night and had the best prime rib I ever had.  Jane was our server and she did a great job!  Just to see if it was a fluke, we went again Saturday night...just as great!  We tried a couple of Cajun dishes this time and it was excellent!  Jane was our server again and she was tops!  The pianist played everything from the usual fare to classical...and he actually enjoys doing it!  Great atmosphere and Friday night had quite a few of the Las Vegas Who's Who there!   This place is 100's of times better than the typical Las Vegas "long wait to be seated" places!!  We highly recommend!!!  Thank you, Rhythm for bringing class and great food to the neighborhood!Btw- the artichoke dip appetizer is Out of This World!  :)
5	I cant believe some of the reviews this place is getting!! Are you guys kidding me? Me and the wifey went on yelp to find this hidden jewel while visiting for the weekend attending a motorcycle round up. This is the last restaurant we decided to try before heading back home....what a BIG mistake!! If I would of known the food was this good, I would of been the first place we went to and every damn day!!! I had the crawfish duet, which is half fried, and the other half in a sauce over rice. Oh my god, best shit ever!!! Everything was good!! The gumbo, hush puppies, the shrimp and catfish, drinks, and the desert was off the hook!!!! Didn't get a chance to get what I came there for, the friend alligator. My wife never had and oyster before and we asked if she could try one on the house and they did it with no problem! Service was great, you gotta try this place!!!
4	On each occasion that I've driven by this faux French Quarter building that rises out of the desert on an uninspired stretch of S. Decatur, I get nostalgic for the time I spent in New Orleans several years ago.  The food and the good times were epic, and I was not blinded with expectations that I would find anything like it here in Vegas.My boyfriend bought a Group-on for this restaurant on the mention that I'd like to try it sometime.  I warn you that this review is projected through the rose-colored wine glasses of love, so grab a barf bag if you must.We made a reservation for an early Friday dinner, but there were tables still open when we arrived.  The hostess attempted to seat us in an area of the dining room where the tables were occupied by families with children.  I was puzzled about that since there seemed to be lots of tables available and we were obviously a couple out for a romantic evening.  We were going to order a bottle or 2 of wine, we were going to have inappropriate conversation, we did not want this to occur in front of  children.  I gently advised her we would be more comfortable in that area where other child-less nuzzling couples were enjoying their wine & food.  She guided us to a more suitable table.Our server was a bright-eyed gorgeous young thing who was impeccably turned out in a formal uniform (all the service here were in beautifully professional waitstaff suits).  She was very friendly & took our Group-on with a smile.  One thing that really impressed me was her knowledge of the wine list.  I required assistance choosing a wine so she asked me what kind of flavors I was looking for.  I told her I wanted something dry and citrusy, she recommended the Viognier which was the perfect choice.  And she stored it in a chilled wine bucket.  Fabulous!Soon after came the bread basket.  I sampled only the hush-puppies which were crispy, dense, spicy & savory.  I detected a smoky pork flavor which drew my hands to the bread basket several more times.We ordered the blackened alligator to start with.  The blackened seasoning was perfect, perhaps a bit too salty.  I'm not the biggest fan of alligator's swampy flavor profile and sinewy texture, however I found the few bites I took enjoyable.  Boyfriend had the Atchafalaya crawfish delight, he subbed grilled asparagus for the vegetable medley for $2.  He was utterly delighted with his large portion of blackened catfish smothered in cajun rice and spicy etouffe.  I was all about the crawfish etouffe.  Our wonderful server suggested I add shrimp which gets them an extra star.  Crawfish butts are very small (I already knew this), so the addition of a few large shrimp pumped up the smooth, savory, spicy stew.  I noticed some strange things on the menu such as pizza & Caesar salad which seem to be placed there to add variety so that the menu will appeal to more people.  I found this move to be disagreeable but I understand it's financially smart to cater to different tastes.  Though who goes to a Cajun/Creole restaurant for pizza?The bar adjoining the restaurant seemed pretty popular, their happy hour deal seems like a great way to enjoy the food & drinks for a lower price. I know it's a long review, I wanted to give a counter response to the shorter reviews that declare that this place "sucks" or that they didn't meet expectations.  I would admit it's more in the category of Antoine's than the Commander's Palace.  It's also not a budget restaurant but it would be a wonderful place for a romantic date, as long as your hostess doesn't sit you around a bunch of screaming kids.
3	Before I get into this review, let me preface that I will try this place again.  I was hoping for a little more from my first experience here, but I must see if what I am looking for actually exists here.First off, let me compliment a big thing: The outside of the building looks great.  It looks like something out of New Orleans, even if it is a standalone building.  I've found architecture in Vegas to generally be incredibly boring, unless it's on the Strip or in a residential area before the 1990's.  Thank you for actually trying to BE something instead of the bland store front.I've been wanting to try the place for weeks, as I am well-versed in Cajun food from my Grandmother, my numerous visits to the French Quarter, and my own cooking experience in a restaurant.  So I know what the food is supposed to taste like.But the food here was bland.  Semi spicy, yet bland, and I've no idea how they managed to pull that off, seeing that it's such a contradiction in terms.We ordered the alligator tail for an appetizer, and I had to try their gumbo.  The alligator was decent enough overall, but the gumbo was missing... something.  It drove me crazy trying to figure out what it was, even to the point of thinking about it on the drive home, before I went to bed, and when I got up the next morning.  I had actually brought some home, and I still tried to figure it out, to no avail.  It was mildly spicy, but didn't have that rich roux flavor.The service was fine and the atmosphere was fine, so I had no complaints with either.  I was concerned that I was a little underdressed, but viewing the table next to me put those concerns at ease.Tricia put it best: They need someone who better understands the food, as Cajun is a very different beast that either people love or simply don't get.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't "bonafide", either.  They definitely need a more robust roux, one that makes the sweat stand out on your face and your nose sniffling a little.  Anyone who has attempted Cajun cooking knows that outside "The Trinity", the roux has to represent as well.I will go back.  I want to like them, and perhaps I simply haven't found the right food combination there.
4	This is my second visit for happy hour.  On both occasions, I tried several different appetizers.   Both times, the food ranged from mediocre to poor.  The exceptions were the raw oysters, which were good.  On the terrible side were the charbroiled oysters which tasted like crap and even worse was the ahi.  It had obviously been previously frozen and was grainy and nasty.  With those missteps, why the 4 stars you ask?  The answer is the beer.  They serve three kinds of beer brewed by the Abita Brewing Co.  If you haven't had them, you are missing out.
2	I've passed by this building many times and every time I see it, I get curious and say to myself, "I want to try that place one day!"  So when we saw the Living Social coupons, $20 for $40 worth of food, my mom and I each bought one!Upon arrival, I asked the server if we would be able to use two Living Social coupons in one sitting and he told us we could so we decided to order up to $80 worth of food.  My dad was interested in a glass of wine and the server offered us a special that was half off the bottle so my dad decided to order that since it was a great deal.  The food was delicious.  We had the spinach and artichoke with crawfish dip and the sampler as our appetizer.  They were sooo good!  Even the butter for the dinner rolls were to die for!!!  And as for our entrees, I wanted the prime rib but they were out so the server suggested the rib eye steak and I am glad I ordered it because it was really yummy.We were having a great time until the bill came and the server told us we could not combine the coupons with the half off bottle deal so we thought that was okay so we decided to just take the coupons.  Then the server came back again and said he could only take one coupon and not two.  That was when we asked to see the manager because if the server had not told us in the first place that we could use both coupons or even suggested the half off bottle of wine, we would not have ordered all that!  When the manager (his name is Scott) came, he just pointed at the coupon's restrictions at the bottom and we totally understood that (we only asked if we could use both in the first place because even though the restrictions state that we cannot combine coupons in a single transaction, some places were able to take more than one in a transaction) but as a manager, what he did next was completely unprofessional.  He just said "Okay, let me ask him (the server) if he would be willing to pay for part of your wine" and then he just disappeared into the kitchen before we could say anything else.  What kind of manager asks his worker to pay for part of the bill even if it was their fault for misleading the customer?  The server came back out and the manager was never to be seen again.  Hm, figures.  The server told us he was willing to pay for part of the wine because he knew it was his fault and he took full responsibility of it but we told him we did not want HIM to pay for anything.  In the end we just paid our bill and still left him a good tip because at least he was nice, sincerely apologetic, and he was a good server.  He just needs to get his information straight.  But because of poor management, we will not be returning to this place again, even if we have a second unused coupon.
5	I've heard about this place for a long time. I love Cajun food and it was worth the wait, great service and great food and it wasn't over priced. I went on a Monday and they even had half priced bottles of wine. I would def go again!
4	Husband and I went to RK for Sunday brunch today, with a Restaurant.com coupon for $25 if we spent $45, a decent enough discount, especially since it only cost me $3 for the coupon.  The place is very large and attractive, but virtually empty at noon this Sunday.  We were given the choice of the bar. dining room or upstairs and we initially chose upstairs, because there were more people up there which would possibly make it more fun.  But upstairs they had a HUGE TV screen with a football game on and a few noisy men drinking beer and cheering on their team.  Decided the dining room was more conducive to a nice Sunday brunch.After looking at the fairly extensive menu of mostly cajun and creole selections, I chose French Toast with Bananas Foster, and my husband got shrimp creole.  I also opted for the $18 all you can drink mimosas, and definitely got my moneys worth there!  A side of potatoes came with my french toast (?) and while I didn't want them, my husband saId he would have them hash browned.The food came on my third mimosa, and was very well presented.  My french toast was just delicious, altho way more than I could eat.  My husband said his shrimp creole was very good too.  Not spicy hot, but well seasoned.  I tried a bite of the hash browns and they were great.  Very crispy and seasoned perfectly.After my fifth mimosa, I asked them to please cut me off.  That might sound like a lot, but even now a couple of hours later, I have only the slightest of buzzes, so not a lot of champagne was wasted on them.  But they were still very good!A few more people came in as we were eating, and a bridal shower party of about 10 young women came in as well.  I was very surprised that there were so few people there with as good as the food was, at least what we tried. Our bill before discount was $55 plus the fixed gratuity of 18%, and we ended up paying $39.55 after the coupon was deducted.I would say that we will try the place again, probably with another coupon.  It is on the other side of the world from where we live so not convenient to visit regularly.  But we definitely enjoyed it!
4	Great authentic southern food. The alligator is delicious.
2	Free salsa dancing on Thursdays.  This is what drew me in to the doors.  I ordered the crawfish etouffee ($17.95?).   Sadly, the shallow bowl with overly salted roux was disappointing portion wise.  I had to ask for more rice to balance out the salty sauce. For the price they charge, you would think they could add a little salad.  On a positive note, I do have to say that the crawfish were cooked nicely and quite sweet.
4	Just went there for dinner. It was pretty busy and was definitely nice inside. I was pretty put off by all the bad reviews on here but I thought it was pretty good. They definitely are going for southern food style and since I've never been to the south, I don't know if it's authentic or not but flavors were good. Lots of fried food... Service was decent. We really loved the live piano music, that was very nice! I would probably come here again..
4	I can give this place 4 stars so far. I need to try more on the menu before it could be a 5. The ribs were awesome!  The special Kitty cocktails delicious!  My honey loved his meal also especially the chowder.  The service was very friendly and we plan on going back for sure!!
5	Great food, wonderful service.  Would highly recommend.
2	Well.....Not impressed at all!  Took them at least 15 min to come and take our drink order, and there wasn't alot of people in there.  So finally we got to order or drink.  Ok, so now we got to order our food....we waited and waited and waited for it to finally get here I'm going to shorten the time it took to get it., sooooooo I'm going to say to be nice it took 45 min!  Well we were just about ready to walk out!  My husband said his shrimp was ok, but my steak.....Well my husband makes a pretty good steak at home, and his is better than this!  I even had mine blackened!   Not impressed at all, but the wine was good!  Not good enough for me to go back!   But you have to check it out for yourself.  This is just my opinon!  Ohhh, and we had a deal from living social!  With the discount, I guess I can say it was worth it, but to pay full price.......just not worth it!
1	One word gross.   Horrible service.  Below average food combined with ridiculous prices.  Try taco bell instead .... I honestly believe in miracles now. The fact this place has remained open longer than one month makes me a believer. Anyone who gives above 2 stars must be used to eating dogfood for dinner.
2	i was way excited when i got a groupon deal for this place.  i live right by it and pass it all the time so i was always curious of what this big ol place was right off decatur and 215.the food was not great.  we got the cajun grilled scallops to start.  it was just ok - in my opinion it could have used more flavor.  my husband got pasta and it was just drenched in oil.  i got the jambalaya and it was just wrong.  i wasn't enjoying the flavors at all.  i think it was because way too much sauce was mixed with the rice and it was overwhelming.   i only ate a small portion and felt so guilty leaving so much behind.  i do admit that they did include a nice portion of seafood in both dishes which is good to point out.i wouldn't call it the "hippest" place to be.  the place was pretty full, but kind of zzz.  the wait staff was very nice and food came out in a timely manner.if there ever happens to be a next time, i'll try the fried catfish.  i hear they have good happy hour specials so maybe we'll try that next.
1	I had been waiting to try this restaurant for the longest and after returning from New Orleans in July, it was imperative to try it out in hopes I would find a place for my Creole fixes.We attended last week on Friday after the air show. We arrived 5 minutes before opening and we were the 1st to be seated. Business picked up quickly and there another 4 families sat within the first 10 minutes of opening. The ambiance of the venue is great, the live pianist was ok as well, his toupee was horrendous though...just saying! The food was great!  For our appetizer we had the calamari. It was VERY fresh! My husband ordered the all you can eat catfish and was fully satisfied. I had the crawfish etouffee, it was fabulous. They definitely don't skimp on the crawfish, which I love and that was very fresh as well. The dish is also not for person who does not like SPICE! For dessert we had the beignets and they were good...not Cafe Du Monde good but good and the portions were large ;0)The service is where the issue is. I hope the owner reads this review because it was inexcusable how bad the service was. Their host was even bussing and waiting on tables...Giovanni was very helpful and even apologized for our poor service. Our server for the night was Erin. We waited 10 minutes for a refill on our drinks at one point after reminding Erin twice. If you decide to eat here, hope that you don't get seating in his area. It took us 2 hours and 20 minutes from beginning to end, which is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous. 3 tables that were say in a different section and seated after us left waaaaaaaaaaaaaay before us. I will say the food is great, the service badly needs to be addressed hire more or get better quality servers.Happy dining!
3	Pretty decent Happy Hour. I've only spent time in the bar area of Rhythm Kitchen, the apps I had were okay, the fried alligator tail was very chewy I couldn't even swallow it. I've had fried gator in New Orleans and thought it was delicious and really did taste like chicken. I sampled a few other apps which were big in size for the Happy Hour price and tasted good. So I am willing to go back and give a meal a chance, especially since its just a few blocks from home. The bar staff is friendly and service was good. Drinks were made well.I haven't ventured upstairs either. I realize I have a lot to do.
2	If you want to feel robbed eat here! The only reason i would even give it two stars is that the food was good. The portions were the smallest i have ever had in any restaurant, and i am a small person!  To top it all, the portion of key lime pie was seriously only two inches wide. What a rip. dinner for four with four drinks was $150 bucks. If the portions were at least normal i would have felt a lot better about my evening.
1	Unfortunately, this place doesn't cater to its customers.  I had been bringing big groups there when the Saints were playing football, and they had always had Monday Night Football upstairs in the big lounge which had plenty of room and lots of tables.  They were always understaffed, but if you had a lot of patience you would finally get a drink and some food.  Then one Monday night they didn't have the upstairs open, so I tried to reserve tables downstairs in the small lounge.  I was told I couldn't do that, and when I told the person in charge that I had about 15 people coming in to watch the game, she literally told me that she didn't care.  So my group had to leave the restaurant (along with a lot of other people who couldn't be accommodated) and go somewhere else.  I may have been placated by a simple "I'm very sorry, but we are understaffed tonight and unable to accomodate you".   But all I got was an "I don't care".  Needless to say, I won't be going back, and will never hold another event there.
1	I'd like to say I clearly understand the hospitality industry.  I have managed FOH and BOH, waited tables, bar tended and am a CIA trained chef...  Not to mention I eat out a lot!!  Hospitality is who I am.  So my time at Rhythm Kitchen was 3 stars, mediocre until we were finished with our decent dinner.  Service was OK, appetizers and food were not bad, atmosphere was OK as well, I was content with the evening.  To say what took place next is one of the worst experiences I have ever encountered at a restaurant in my 32 years of dining out. With dining out 4 times a week, I love to take advantage of deals, specials, money saving options such as groupon, living social, yelp offers, gift certificate rewards, reward programs, etc..  and if an establishment takes part of these said offers they should own it, respect it and honor it.  When we were first greeted I told the server about the fact that I had a living social $40 towards dinner..  He said awesome, then told us about 1/2 price bottles of wine as well as the feature for the evening.  Didn't plan on buying any wine but since it was half off why not?!?!  Well when the bill was being prepared the server came over and said "sorry unfortunately we can only take care of either the living social or the 1/2 off wine".  Not cool, so i said that won't work because i would have not ordered the wine if i had not been told it was half off.  He said "I'll go see what I can do".  He came back with the check and said "he would only take off the $40 for living social".  I said may I talk to him then.A lady came over, didn't introduce herself, just said "so was it you guys that had a question about the bill?"  Actually yes I did, i explained the server told us about 1/2 off wine after I mentioned the living social so I don't see why I am being charged for full price wine.  She said "he was wrong by saying that but unfortunately you have to pay for it".  Not sure if she understands the business very much but if being told something costs X amount before ordering, and you are charged Y amount when being billed and when bringing light to the situation you are told you are wrong and you still have to pay, even she admitted the server was wrong.  I told her I am only paying for that half of the wine and she said "I will call the police".  CALL THE POLICE?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?  I told her by all means call the police.  LOL...  Has anyone ever had an establishment say they were going to call the police even before you left?  How ridiculous is that?  I wasn't being loud, I wasn't being mean, I was completely rational and thought the entire situation was just a miscommunication that she would politely take care of, without any hesitation and a smile.  Instead she made herself look like such a fool.  After she walked away the table of 4 next to us said they can not believe how rude she was nor how she handled herself and that that would be the last time they were setting foot in that establishment..  So 4 people indirectly involved in the situation said she was wrong and couldn't believe what she was saying as well as the embarrassment my guest and I felt.  It's a shame that an establishment like this exists.  She came back and said that they were going to take care of the wine and that in the future I couldn't use both towards my bill..  Well lady I won't be back in the future..  I had mentioned about there yelp reviews and urban spoon, that I should have listened to what people were saying on there and she said she didn't care what us yelpers had to say.  I just shake my head at the situation and if you are considering rhythm kitchen, I highly suggest you reconsider.  Such an unfortunate experience.  I would give less stars if it were possible
4	Love the crab and gumbo
1	So the response I receive from Scott G of Rhythm Kitchen is;"Hi Shawn,Unfortunately it's our policy to ONLY accept one offer  at a time. It's posted with our 1/2 off wine that it CAN NOT be combined with any other offer/deal. In addition, your Living Social deal also stated CAN NOT be combined with any other offer/deal. We do remember when you were here - and you had a Groupon you tried to use in addition to the Living Social and 1/2 wine special. We apologize for any confusion you my have experienced - however if you use Groupons/Living Social deals often it's standard that the deals can NOT be combined with any other offer.Hope this helps!"The funny thing about this response is that I didn't have a groupon that I was trying to use and YES people I understand NOW that their policy doesn't allow the use of two or more offers.  However when one is told in the beginning of their dinner by someone that is representing such policies that you could get 1/2 price bottle of wine after they knew of living social, combo that with it being my first time there and trusting the server to guide me.  I WOULD HAVE NOT ORDERED THE WINE IF I WERE NOT TOLD THAT I COULD GET IT 1/2 PRICE!!!  The "lady" that came to the table even said the server was wrong and he will never make that mistake again.  Great so fix it ma'am and stop saying its my fault.  As I said to Scott G to his response if I ever received a response it would be the caliber it is..  Lame.  Also I didn't experience any confusion just embarrassment for me and my guest with being told the police were going to be called and being rudely spoken to by that "lady" manager.  Again if you are considering dining here, I highly suggest you reconsider.
5	Great food! If you like a little taste of New Orleans in Las Vegas you must go!
4	Food was great especially the clam chowder. Ambiance is nice but the music was a little too loud for my taste. Staff was nice. I might come back for happy hour instead since it's kind of on the pricey side.
1	We came back here for happy hour.  These 2 things should/would make RK at least 3 stars:1. The service was quick and friendly.2. They were giving away free Miller Lite. But it all went to shit when the food came.  The prices for happy hour are pretty awesome.  I just wish the food was somewhere close to that too.  Our alligator bites were served cold and sent back.  KFC chicken wings are 5 stars compared to the ones they serve and the pizza was shameful.  Seriously!  Just buy frozen pizza from the same place you buy the frozen alligator nuggets and give that a shot.  I'm only coming back for alcohol if there is another visit.
5	Amazing food and service! The building actually makes you feel as if you were in Louisiana. How many places can say they have an alligator inside? I had the Creole City Pasta and it was delicious. I will definitely be back. Don't forget to try the Blue Bayou if you liked fruity mixed drinks. You won't be disappointed :)
1	Decent service. The food was alright. I ordered crawfish. Shortly after I got home, I felt nauseous. I threw up. I'm not pregnant and I didn't drink any booze. The next day, I was pretty much in the bathroom all day. I didn't go to work. Needless to say, I won't be going back. I still can't eat crawfish.
4	I'm not sure what all the negativity seems to be about-- my dinner at Rhythm Kitchen was very pleasant. I'm don't disagree with the previous reviewers about their experiences but I simply didn't experience the same.We used a groupon for our meals that came with a glass of wine each but we wanted to try multiple wines so management gladly allowed us to each have the sampler so that we could both enjoy a variety of different wines offered there. We  sampled delicious rose wines and rieslings, as well as some fancy reds. The building is quite beautiful, as is the interior. They played soft jazz, creating a pleasant, romantic experience for my girlfriend and I. I'm no expert on southern architecture but I get the impression that it was designed to mimic a fancy southern dining hall and I absolutely loved it. The decorations and color schemes were very consistent with their lousiana theme and you all know how much I love me some well done ambiance. The staff was friendly and accomodating and they were happy to give us clarification on the finer points of the menu, as well as to give us their personal recommendations. I ended up ordering the seafood over whole wheat penne, which included the crawfish that I was so desperately craving. My girlfriend had a cajun rice dish that included some tasty Andouille sausage. Our dishes were well seasoned-- not dry, not overcooked. They didn't skimp on the seafood or the portions over all. We declined to try their dessert because we were just so stuffed (and cheap) but it did sound pretty amazing. On my next trip here, I think we'll have to try one of those things.
1	My family of four eats out once a week, on average.  Last night was Fat Tuesday and we decided to finally try Rhythm Kitchen, hoping for a fun evening with good food.  What we experienced was anything but.   Our reservation for 6pm came and went as the restaurant ran out of menus and was unable to seat any patrons until already seated diners selected their meals.  The waiting area is unable to accommodate more than six people who are standing, so it was quite crowded.  We were finally seated in a room that appeared to have too many tables set up for a comfortable dining experience.  There was also a man playing a grand piano for the patrons.  Unfortunately, the low ceilings, loud conversation from too many people in a small room combined with his music made for an unbearable atmosphere.  And we hadn't ordered our meals yet.The drink menu on the table boasts of a happy hour from 3-6:30 each evening.  There are also happy hour appetizers available on this menu.  I asked our waiter about the appetizers and he told me that the happy hour ended at 6pm.  I showed him the correct time printed in their menu and he then stated that the items had to be ordered in the lounge in order to take advantage of the specials.  I thought it was odd that the restaurant would place the menu for drinks on the table in the main dining areas only to add some caveat in order to take advantage of what they were offering at specific times of the day.  We placed our meal orders (without being asked if we would like anything to drink, mind you) and attempted to speak with each other, but were unable to hear anything due to the noise level inside of the room.  We asked to be moved to a quieter location, which they were able to do, only to find ourselves in an even more cramped area.  The waiters had to turn sideways in order to squeeze between our table and the wall in order to serve booths on our right.  Because we had asked to move, we were now at the mercy of our harried and quite forgetful waiter as we weren't in his section any longer. We procured our own water and serving utensils at some point during the dinner.  Most restaurants in New Orleans carry Abita Beer.  It is a local beer and quite tasty with Cajun food.  In the aforementioned drink menu, Rhythm Kitchen was offering 2 for 1 Abita beers in honor of Mardi Gras last night.  Our waiter finally showed up at our table and my husband mentioned that I would like an Abita Beer.  With a confused look on his face, our waiter asked my husband to repeat himself.  He then stated that Rhythm Kitchen didn't carry that beer and he had never heard of it.  I showed him the menu and he left quickly without asking which Abita Beer I would like to order.  He returned with a dark stout beer and left so quickly that I was unable to stop him and ask for an amber, which I prefer.  He returned fifteen minutes later to check on us, giving me an opportunity to ask him to bring a beer that I would be able to drink as the stout had been sitting virtually untouched the entire time.  Our meal was almost over by the time I had an Abita that I've enjoyed during my trips to New Orleans, but I savored the taste.  Although I was concerned that it would take too long to get my second beer, my husband insisted as it is a difficult beer to find in Las Vegas.  Having already spent two hours at RK, we didn't order dessert and asked for the check.  Our waiter, in one final moment of ineptness, had charged us $15 for the beer that I had ordered.  This is a good beer, but $15 for a draft beer (as it was 2 for 1) seemed a bit steep.  My husband went to the bar to ask the bartender how much a draft beer cost and bumped into our waiter.  After reviewing the bill, our waiter explained that we had been charged for a pitcher and apologized.  My husband came back to our table and our waiter stopped by with a revised check, having taken off the charge for beer entirely.  Although the food was good, the service and atmosphere were inexcusable.  I'd rather spend $150 on a memorable meal that conjures good feelings, not bad.  I won't be going back.
3	We have family in Louisiana, so we know great Cajun cooking.  The food, service and atmosphere were all excellent.  The cost of a glass of house wine was $13.00 and whoever heard of a martini glass too small to hold three olives for $12.00?  The bar prices need to get a reality check.
4	After dropping off my car for repairs, we ended up in a conundrum for what to do about dinner.. only clue we had was a Cajun craving that hubby was suffering from.  So... I agreed to try Rhythm Kitchen, which hubby had visited for lunch once before and enjoyed.We were promptly seated, the waitress was friendly and timely, and the food started.  First, the bread basket.. personally, I'm not a fan of biscuits and I'm not sure how they made those rolls out of biscuit dough but I'll admit the honey butter was a nice touch.  I'm also not a fan of hush puppies but Hubby declared them "fantastic" and he scarfed them down happily when I said they were all his.  Perhaps I should note that Hubby is from the south while I'm a born & bred Yankee.  He thinks spicy is a condiment while I prefer to actually taste the food itself ;)Then, his appetizer arrived - some oyster thing that I don't recall the name of.  He loved it, which is good because he had six of them to eat.  I can't eat oysters, so I happily let him have them all.Our entrees arrived promptly, and that's when things got really good for me.  Mine was called Crescent City Pasta, and it was basically a seafood fettucine alfredo with cajun spices.  The pasta was perfectly prepared, the sauce was well balanced - and obviously freshly made, which totally impressed me.  There was a lot of crawfish, shrimp, spinach & mushrooms.. and two scallops, which would have made me laugh but the dish was excellent.  The textures, flavor balance, and freshness of it all just melded together into a great pasta dish that I will definitely return for.Oh, and Hubby's dinner - Crawfish Etouffee.  I tried a taste, it was definitely good - though a much stronger tasting dish than I was in the mood for.  He, however, loved it and managed some serious damage to it - despite having eaten all those hush puppies and oysters already.But, we both had a lot to take home also - it'll be another Cajun night tonight =DOh, and our waitress Tawny.. sweet girl, fantastic timing, and almost psychic on her arrivals to the table, whether to just check on us or to replace a soda.Only thing I would change is their "DJ" on their music tape that hawks Louisiana food between the music tracks.  They don't need to push the food, the people are already there for it.
4	Have been for Happy Hour a couple of times. The first time was excellent. Service was great and the food was really good. Cocktails are very reasonable. The 2nd visit the bartender was terrible. She had a bad attitude and made us feel unwelcome. Hopefully she will be replaced before our next visit. The gumbo is really good!
5	Hush puppies = amazing!Baby back ribs are slow cooked :3 yum.Sweet tea is right in the middle.Beignets took me to another world.. lol.If its your first time eating here definitely try the big easy sampler. a little bit of everything :)For better customer service try to avoid the really busy hours and just in case make reservations because the dinning room is small. We had dinner an hour before close on a sunday :)
1	Not good. Just not good. From service to food it leaves a lot to be desired.
1	If there was an option for no stars I would choose it. Everything was overcooked, bland and over priced. Service for a party of 19 was the worst service we have ever had. I have never seen a medium rare prime rib look like beef jerky. The crab cakes tasted like the crab was about to go bad. The lighting was so low you couldn't read your menu and my kids asked me if they were sleeping there tonight. We will never come here again.
4	So many mixed reviews! Ive driven by this place numerous times, but only tried it upon finding a Groupon offer and glad we finally did. We were seated after a short wait, as their dining room is small. Our server, Robert, was attentive, knowledgeable, and helpful on giving suggestions on drinks, entrees, and apps. My honey ordered an Abita hefe style beer that Robert recommended and liked it. We ordered a cup of gumbo for an app that my honey would not recommend. We shared the salmon and rack of  ribs and both were delicious. The ribs fell off the bone. The ambiance was lovely and i highly enjoyed the piano player. He even encouraged me to sing along to my favorite tunes that I requested. Key lime pie was for dessert and it was ok. Next time, we will probably try the brownie sundae, as my honey was torn between the two. Looking forward to the next time we make it to RK.
5	We love Cajun country and visit when we can.  We saw a Groupon for Rhythm Kitchen and thought we should give it a try as we were craving some good Louisiana style food.  What we had was excellent so we went back.Visited twice in the last week, once for Happy Hour and once for dinner.  We found both to be excellent and the Happy Hour is VERY reasonable.  For dinner we had the Shrimp Creole and Salmon and they were tasty, the Creole had a very nice rich flavor.  The Happy hour allowed us to sample their Shrimp Brochette (super) Beef Tips, Wings, and Pizza were all tasty.  Drinks at $3 including wine and Draft Beer.  We will be back.Service was good as well and the employees friendly and helpful without being overbearing.  BTW, try the Key Lime Pie!  Should add that it is beyond me how anyone would rate this place less than a 4.
1	Terrible service!!!  Twice they brought the wrong dinner for my husband, and they got my order wrong.  We were then challenged about what we ordered.  Joe the waiter said "that isn't what you orered" we left after the appetizer.  We will never be back!!!
4	Great place for a nice Cajun/Creole meal. I ordered the Crawfish Duet which composed of deep fried crawfish and crawfish etouffe with a side of grilled seasonal vegetables. The dish was so delicious that even my leftovers were still pretty  tasty the next day. Another plus is that you get a basket of complimentary  hush puppies with your bread. I can just stay there and eat the hush puppies alone. They are very well seasoned and the jalapeno gives them that extra little kick. Bottom line: loved the food, great service, would love to come back.
1	I will say that the hushpuppies were not bad and that's what the 1 star is for.  Other than that I found this restaurant mediocre at best.  The place had only 5 tables with customers and it took forever to get our drinks and our waiter to take our order.  Waiter was too busy talking to employees.  Food overall was not good.  we had the sampler and main course Jambalaya.  Sampler was just items deep fried in a very bland batter...was expecting some cajun spices or something.  This was something i could get in the freezer section at the grocery store and do myself (it probably would taste better than what i ate).  Jambalaya was very bland as well and missed that kick it should have (it was also very sour).  Overall I would not recommend this place to anyone nor will I be returning.  I tried and was looking forward to trying this place, but it was a FAIL!
5	Must go!! Everything from appetizers to desserts were amazing. Tried the Gumbo, blackened alligator tails, seafood pasta, crawfish ettouffee, fried crawfish and a Mississippi Pie! All of it was awesome. Service and ambiance was great.
5	I loved this place and can't wait to return!  Hush puppies were addicting!  My dad and I shared a "side" order of the spinach salad- it was HUGE.  Three of us couldn't finish it! The salad was full of egg, bacon, red pepper, mushrooms, and onion.  I ordered the petite filet (6 oz) which rivaled the best I've had!  Cooked perfectly with a side of cajun rice and veggies!  My dad's Seafest Platter was a buffet of perfectly cooked seafood!  I tried his shrimp and know what I'm getting next time!  My mother's jambalaya (with shrimp) was filling and the right spice!  We were all in heaven and will definitely return.  The only slight hesitation with the 5 stars was that I wanted a glass of chardonnay, and the wine menu was not geared toward "by the glass."  They only offered one type of chardonnay by the glass.  It was good, but $11.
5	I honestly don't understand how this place has a overall 3 star rating. They are one of the best restaurants I have ever been to! The fried catfish was so good. I also tried the blackened catfish, and that was also amazing. Not to mention the hush puppies. Those are the best I have ever had. I never eat hush puppies, but those had something about them. They had great service, and our waitress was wonderful. Can't wait to go back!
5	Went to Rhythm Kitchen tonight with a groupon.  Had Jeff as a server, top notch, didn't even have to wait for ice tea refills, like he had xray vision and continuously topped our drinks off.   Mr had the Seafeast Platter with catfish, oysters and shrimp.. good red beans/rice with andouille sausage (of course I am going to taste his) I had the Crescent Pasta, lots of bay scallops, shrimp were large (4) and plenty of crawfish also included mushrooms and spinach.. so very good  (and I had leftovers for tomorrow).For desert we had Hot Fudge Brownie..a nice treat.  The bread and hush-puppies ...mmmm   we definitely will be back.. There was absolutely nothing to complain about this place.. thanks for a wonderful evening.
2	Food was good but the service was so bad it just killed it.
2	Meh. Went there with a friend to try the alligator. Tasted like over-cooked fry oil.
4	It is a great place to go on a date! I love coming here for their dinner rolls with honey butter! I thought the fresh baked rolls along with the hush puppies is a great way to get the munchies going.First visit:I ended up getting the craw fish etouffe and fried crawfish. Both are extremely delicious. My GF also go the same. Our server was more than generous and helpful in her way of discussing the dishes and making recommendations.Second visit:Our server was so bad. She filled the water once. She also gave us very little honey butter and dinner rolls (I asked for more, but she did not deliver). Also, we were promised hush puppies because the chef forgot to bake them, but nothing... This was the start.Luckily, the entrees were pretty delicious. I got craw fish etouffe again because of how delicious it was last time.My GF got this fresh fish (I forgot the name) and the NY steak, medium rare (for me). The steak was great!!! It was definitely of USDA choice quality.I suggest coming here, but be very weary of certain servers. Some seem lazy or just incompetent.
5	Short and Sweet. (for me)....and Sweet it is !!Beautiful classic Louisiana style dining room. Our Staff Server Tahnni was quick, efficient, and friendly. She really knew her wine and food menus and made fine suggestions.We had Charbroiled Oysters, Rhythm Kitchen Oysters, fried Seafest Platter, Halibut with Beurre Blanc Sauce, Red Beans and Rice, Chicory Coffee, and Bananas Foster. Everything was cooked perfectly. The oysters, shrimp, and cat fish had a great taste and were plump and juicy. Beurre Blanc sauce is a butter, vinegar, and white wine emulsion.. Some of the best Louisiana / Cajon cooking I've ever had. The corn meal coating used for the fish was light and flavorful, NOT at all  heavy and oil filled like others I have had. Wonderful basket of rolls and the extremely flavorful hush puppies were quite a treat. If you have a need for spicy or mild with a Louisiana flair then this is the best place in the Las Vegas Valley. The building on Decatur is a fine looking place that stands out from everything around it Don't miss this, get there soon before the World finds it. What a place for a first and romantic date!!Libby and I will be back here very soon.Thanks GROUPON. You have put us in another fine restaurant.
1	What a red hot mess.  Our entree took over ONE HOUR to come out of kitchen.  Waitresses were running around looking crazed.  Main reason for one star (the food was acceptable) was the horrendous service.  Poor women customers at the next table received the wrong order, never did get the correct order sent out, and the manager refused to come to their table!  I have never seen a manager refuse to talk to a customer.  Another table appeared to be having issues also.  Finally, the waitress told us my groupon (which I already purchased) was changed to reflect rising menu price increases!!  I couldn't believe it.  Maybe Yelp should institute a zero rating.
3	The catfish here was outstanding!! It was part of the N'awlins Seafood delight platter, which was also very good as a whole.The service seemed a little on the slow side (that only bothers me when I have to wait an extended period of time for a drink refill), but everyone was extremely friendly.I would go back for sure as I want to try a lot of their seafood dinners that I saw on the menu.
4	I was very impressed with the food at Rhythm Kitchen.  Couple that with great service and you've got a winner!Ordered:Hot Tea - nothing fancy hereSpinach Artichoke Dip w/ BBQ'd Crawfish - (the crawfish gave this classic a kick)BBQ Ribs - Wasn't fall off the bone soft, but it was definitely tasty!Crescent City Pasta - Linguine, Crawfish,shrimp, scallops, shrooms, spinach (YUM!)Hazelnut Crunch Bar - A bit on the sweet size.  Big enough to sharePros: * Large portion * Decently priced menu * Large selection of items on the menu Cons: *  I don't really have any complaints for this place.  =)Overall:I'd definitely recommend this place and I would come back myself.  There's so much I want to try on the menu: Jambalaya , Rhythm Kitchen Oysters, & Firecracker to name a few.  Whenever I do make it back, I'll update my review with more specifics.Tips:* Memphis - style is amazing on the ribs!* Check website or call restaurant for nights where there is live music.* Regardless of the low lighting, I wouldn't come here if you are looking for a romantic dinner, but definitely a lively atmosphere and good eats!
2	Well arrived at RK for a going away celebration.  Was not expecting such atmosphere.  I was starving so had to order a full meal.  I had the rib eye which was worse than the rib eye I by from the grocery store.  I've had bigger and thicker rib eyes for sandwiches.  The red beans and rice, which by the way is my favorite,  was disappointing.  The beans were under cooked and the veggies were over cooked.I expect better quality food for a restaurant that is trying to be fine dining, prices and all.  The service was great and the server really was on top of it.  It was sad that such a nice restaurant was empty on a Saturday night we were the only table in there at 9pm WOW.Now to the creepy part...... the manager kept counting how many people arrived and would linger and hoover over our table, never once said a word to us just spied.   Manager man I'm also a manager in a well know high end strip restaurant and can I say it looked as if you were making sure we were over 20 people so you could add the 20% grat rather than the 18% grat.  HA HA how funny is that.  You didn't make a good impression on me as well as my party.I will end by saying while we were not the stellar dining table.  The server seemed to cater to our every need.  Thank you for that.  Will I come back ? probably not due to the quality of food served.  Sorry!!!!
1	Went for my birthday,May 28th. What a disappoint. Did not want to complain,Because it was my birthday in front of my family. They were only 5 tables in the restaurant. Bad service, brought wrong dressing for salad, food was cold. Service was lacking. Could understand if busy. Never saw the server even for refills, finally at the end of the meal.WILL NEVER RETURN,,paid way too much for bad service and cold food. Doesn't even deserve a star. Sent a email to the manager about my experience,never responded back. I guess you just do not care about the guest experience.Remember that Las Vegas has many restaurants, this is one that I will not recommend to anyone. I am in the food service industry and talk to many people about where to eat in the city.
2	I'm from Lafayette, LA and absolutely love Cajun food, so when I found this beautiful restaurant near my house, I was ecstatic.  The food is pretty good.  The alligator is a little chewy and the blackening seasoning they use isn't my favorite by any stretch.  Other than that, it has a wide variety of authentic offerings of good quality.The inconsistency in service is what kills me about this beautiful restaurant.  Every time I go, the servers are just off with their timing.  The sequence of service is off.  The entree plops down right on top the appetizer so you can't enjoy them because your rushed, then you wait 30 minutes for another glass of wine or the check.  One experience that I'll never forget is Mardi Gras.  Being a Louisianan, I can totally appreciate how busy Mardi Gras is, so waiting was not an issue at all.  I made a reservation for a party of 8.  Upon arrival, they told me it would be a wait, which I completely understand, due to the holiday and the size of the party.  We decided to go upstairs have a cocktail and listen to the live music.  15 minutes passed, and I went down to check and nothing.  45 minutes passed, nothing yet.  I again went down, and the older lady at the counter said it still wasn't ready.  I advised the lady that this was disappointing as we had reservations.  I'm a hotel manager on the Strip, so service is important, and told her that I didn't understand the lack of service or concern for the fact that my party had been waiting for over an hour even though we had a reservation.  Her response was, having a reservation just means that you'll get served this evening, not that it will be at any specific time, and that they can't turn away walk-in business so you have to wait. This is not a joke....I know...craziest thing I've ever heard.  I asked why they asked for a time when they took my reservation and why they didn't think to notify me upon making the reservation that they followed this bizarre service practice.  And how exactly does making a reservation differentiate me from a walk-in that is guaranteed service?  I used to manage a Cajun Restaurant that also specialized in seafood and steaks in Louisiana, and I was shocked.  Not just by this terrible protocol, but also by the distain and tone in which she spoke to me.  Even Louisianans don't have backwoods practices like this that are inhospitable.  When I asked to speak to the manager, she advised me that she was THE OWNER.  After that, I figure what's the point.  I gave up and went upstairs to enjoy my friends and the great live music.  We waited a total of an hour and 45 minutes.  By the time we got a table, the all you can eat crawfish and crab were almost all gone, so the serving that we got was mostly cold, broken, and small.If you want a pretty authentic Cajun meal in a nice environment, but don't mind the shotty service and poor management, it's not a bad venue.  Otherwise its a great concept, but doesn't seem like they are very experienced in simple principles of restaurant management.  I used to go once a month or so, now I only go when my friends whom I've taken there request to go with me again.  I prefer the service at Lola's even though it's not as nice a place.
4	So.... I have an affinity for Louisiana as my oldest child was born at Women's Hospital in Baton Rouge. Actually, one of the first to be born 19 years ago at that hospital. I love the laid back atmosphere and the aroma. I was there for an event upstairs. There was no air conditioning, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. I didn't want to experience the humidity of Baton Rouge in August, but all the rest of the two-story-plantation-like ambiance I wanted! As a rule I NEVER stay for dinner at networking events. Well, I did last night and I'm glad I did. The service and the food were excellent. The char-grilled chicken with the rice and veggies were so delish! My companion had blackened chicken that was also very good. The hush puppies and rolls were to frick frackin die for. I had to control myself or I wouldn't have enough room for din din. Being Italian-Lebanese I am a huge bread eater. Our server Robert was attentive, knowledgeable and a plethora of information on just about anything we asked. I had a very good time! But I was MELTING. Fix the air!! If I don't have a good hair day and I am sweating like a ho in church...... it's not good. Would I go again? Absolutely! When the air is on....
5	Living Social offer was purchased and tried. Food was well prepared with generous portions. Steak was cooked to perfection and lobsters were prepared tender and moist. I liked my attentive server who explained different dishes with wine pairing with great deal of knowledge. This is a great restaurant I can visit over and over again.
4	Great atmosphere feels like you just stepped into orleans. I had the prime rib and bread bowl was really good.  Large portions.  Drinks were a bit watered down and the host that greeted us was a little rude because we went under dressed not knowing it was fancy or that we needed a reservation. Our server was very nice and was able to explain the menu to a T. We will be back.
5	This is a strong 4.5 star in my book, so I am feeling generous and will round up!Let's start off with the atmosphere.  Very nice, date night / romatic setting with the mood lighting and candles.  Def wine appropriate.  The service was also exceptional....my wine glass was filled as was the water and misc.  Friendly and attentive.Now to the important stuff...the food!Easily the best hush puppies I've had.  Packed with flavor with a tiny bit of spice...very very good.  Went with the alligator and the crab topped bread bowl gumbo.  Gator was nice and tender, good tasting as well as the sauce.  The gumbo was AMAZING.  Wonderful flavors exploding in your mouth, with nice chunky pieces of crab thrown on the top, making a beautiful and delicious presentation.  If you do not try the crab gumbo, you missed out of the reason I will come back here.I tried the platter for dinner.  It came with fried catfish, oysters, shrimp, frog legs, and cold shrimp.  The catfish was good, but I've had better.  Wish it was less breaded...same can be said with the oysters.  The fried shrimp was one of the best I've ever had...just packed with flavor and was still juicy and not overdone like most.  Never had frog legs before...tasted like a chicken with slight saltwater aftertaste...kind of fishy.  It was pretty good, but I can't compare it since I've never tried it.Was way too full with all the above, so couldn't try to stuff dessert if I tried.I seriously will come back just for the atmosphere, hush puppies, and crab gumbo!
4	Nice, casual (but the reservations recommended thing throws you off) atmosphere that has some great food. I started with the Alligator tails, and for those who say they had no flavor, well it is alligator tail, but the flavor is in the seasoning and the sauce. Good to me.I had the catfish platter with a side of red beans, I loved it, but I have to try other dishes. This place is on the other side of town from me so it will take a while. lolWaiter was a little pushy, but still decent service.
4	We had the Travel Zoo coupon which gives you the app/entree/dessert. Ordered the combo app of course. Alligator was tough and so were the frog's legs. Crabcake was great. Gumbo is good. jambayala was great...Not quite New Orleans but pretty tasty. Atmosphere was nice and New Orleans looking. Large portions for the money.
4	When checking in, I saw that this place only had three stars. That's never really a good thing, that its reviews are so all over the map that it's a decided three stars. I went in with an open mind and did not want the Yelp-tariat to sway my experience one way or another. When we walked in, no one was at the host station for several minutes. I realized later that it is because they have one host, and that he was seating a table when we walked in. Not the best way to be greeted at a restaurant--an inexplicably empty host station, but it ended up being okay. We were seated soon after the host reemerged. The hush puppies were absolutely spectacular. We asked for extra. They have a nice kick to them as well as the savory fried deliciousness that hush puppies are famous for. They had delicious flavor and were maybe my favorite part of the meal.I was really, really in the mood for steak, so despite the menu advertising that they use choice USDA meats from corn-fed cows, I got the petite filet for $23. (Saying that your steaks come from corn-fed cows isn't exactly something to be proud of. Most of the beef in the US comes from corn-fed cows. It's not unique so the fact that it was advertised so prominently on the menu was confusing to me. Cows don't naturally eat corn--they eat grass. It's our American methods of ranching and food supply in the last 50 years that have decided that cows eat corn. But I digress.) I also ordered a side salad for $4. The rest of the group ordered a couple other things: crab cakes, pastas, and catfish. Everyone enjoyed their meal, and I must say that even though I have my reservations about corn-fed beef, my filet was delicious. Everyone seemed to like their dishes as well. My mom ordered something off the Restaurant Week menu, one of their pastas, and she loved it.The one fail for the meal was dessert. The "bread pudding" is not bread pudding but more a coffee cake with a really odd white bourbon sauce. Not like the bread pudding I have had before and really dry and tasteless. The creme brulee was not fresh--the sugar topping was not hot or really crack-able. All in all, a really enjoyable meal, save for dessert and the corn-fed cows nonsense. I would definitely like to try it again!
4	i had the spinich dip and and catfish platter while my girlfriend had the blackened chicken and pasta. every dish was incredible. even the hush puppies were uniquely flavored.  wonderful romantic atmosphere with great waiters.
4	I was impressed with the Happy Hour Setup. I had been there late last year and thought it was okay food but kind of on the high side for price. With Happy Hour in play this place really shines. $4 cocktails and several options off the menu for $6-8. We hit the calamari and sliders which was super tasty and many many.. many cocktails which was great as well. I will be hitting up this place again..
2	This was a great looking restaurant with horrible service and not great food.  The best part of the experience was the drinks.  This was the only thing that tasted right there.I had a sampler platter for an appetizer and was not impressed.  The seafood did not taste fresh and was overly fishy tasting.  I ordered the jambalaya, which was ok, but I have had much better.  My boyfriend had the fried catfish, in which he left almost all of it on the plate.Service was poor.  Had to ask for a bread basket, food took about 45 minutes to arrive after we ordered it and the waiter Chris, was clearly in the wrong job.The jazz music was in a different room, so you can not enjoy it while you eat.  Another draw back to this restaurant.
4	The was a great meal to end a great family trip. It was such a delight to get a decent meal after being confined to the hotel returants (or lack there of) during my sister's AAU Basketball Tourney. The place was nice, a little too romantic for a family meal though, and the service/food was great. We all enjoed our meals and tasted one another's. I am sure this will be a spot to always visit when we return to Sin City!!!
4	The staff was very friendly but the food was even better. Great flavors! You would love this place!
2	This was my first time going to the Rhythm Kitchen.  We ordered the Broiled Oysters, Etouffe with Crawfish, Cobb salad, Gumbo, and Strawbery Shortcake for dessert.  The waiter was very slow in bringing out our food, however, he was very knowledgeable about all of the menu items.  I must say that we were extremely dissappointed with the Broiled Oysters.  It was $11 for 6 oysters.  Ok, no problem.  But the oysters were really small (almost as of they cut an oyster into 4 pieces and placed 1 piece into the shell when serving).  It was covered in sauce so you couldn't really tell much other than it was really, really small.  The sauce was so so, and the oysters didn't taste fresh.  I am use to having my oysters at the 777 Brewery at the Main Street Station Casino (the absolute freshest oysters ever) and very reasonably priced!  The Etouffe with Crawfish was awesome though and we really enjoyed that.  The Cobb salad was good as well, although the bacon used on the salad was not freshly fried bacon, but rather, it tasted like the bottled stuff you buy.  If I'm paying $7 for a tiny side salad everything had better be freshly prepared, period.  The Gumbo was average, I've had better, but acceptable.  The biggest disappointment, however, was the Strawberry Shortcake!  The picture on the menu looked fabulous and I am a huge Strawberry Shortcake fan.  Guess what came to the table?  Two slices of storebought pound cake, covered with whipped cream (the whipped cream was freshly made, at least they did that) and drizzled on top was frozen strawberries in sauce (looked like the stuff I buy at Smart n Final).  I was expecting fresh strawberries and maybe some homemade poundcake!  What was I thinking?
1	This experience was horrible. I really did not want to pay for my food with the exception of the oysters. The waitress did not know what was going on. She brought me chardonnay when I asked for merlot (which was the dragon hallow and awful) . We waited well over 40 minutes for lobster tails with no apology or explanation and they some how managed to mess those up. They also brought our dessert with three spoons before they brought our dinner. Then we got the bill... wth?!?! It killed me to pay $100 for that crap! I feel sick now too! Do not eat here!!!
4	Great Happy Hour - for Vegas it has great prices on drinks, and most appetizers are also half off.... The crab cakes are awesome, and the shrimp on skwers were to die for, will be a return hang out
1	We went here as a group of 10 for my best friend's bachelorette. I spoke with their events manager as with a large group it is often easiest to have a semi-preset menu and we had a vegan with us so I wanted to make sure she would be able to eat. Everything seemed in order however when we arrived, no one seemed to know what was going on. Our vegan arrived early and had to explain what she could and could not eat. Several times throughout the night our server needed to be reminded that there was a vegan and he made the mistake of calling one of our guests "sir"...several times. I don't know if the server didn't care because it was a guaranteed tip or what but none of them were attentive or even in touch with what was going on. Honestly, had I not been hosting my best friend's bachlorette party I would have made a big stink about the pre-added gratuity. The food was really nothing to write home about. We were excited because my friend (the bride) had lived in Louisiana and therefore we were having a Cajun themed party- the food fell very short of expectations. Some of the meals were under-seasoned and some were very over-seasoned and sadly the vegan meal was not cooked properly. Dessert was good, but again, they messed up on the vegan option- I mean really, is it that hard to put some powered sugar on some berries??The truly worst part about it was after the party I reached back out to the events manager to express our disappointment and the response seemed a little defensive rather than  apologetic. She said she would relay the information to the owner and I truly hope she does.
4	While I have passed this place quite a few times on the way to or from work, I never knew exactly what it was until a friend of mine told me about their AYCE rib special on Wednesday evenings. I have heard of AYCE sushi, pasta, buffets etc... but never ribs. Needless to say I was skeptical but after giving this place a couple of tries on a Wednesday, I have to say I am pretty impressed, about the ribs that is. ;)The ribs are truly fall of the bone type of ribs. And when you order the next set, they are just as good as the first time around. It truly is an art to find ribs this good in Las Vegas. The only place that comes close is probably Balboa Pizza/Ribs in the District at Green Valley. Atmosphere is cozy and dark inside like many old NOLA type restaurants but the service is variable depending on who you get. The first time we were there, our waiter was virtually non existent. However, on the second visit, our server was on top of everything and quite attentive. Overall, I can't really comment on anything else other then the ribs, but if your have a hankering for good ribs on a wednesday evenning and your hungry, its best to head over to the Rhythm Kitchen
2	There are many steakhouses in town, many options for cocktail hour, but this place has a few things going for it--frog legs and alligator.  I figured that it was time to come back and try the food; like others before me, this place is a hit or miss, and this time it was a rollercoaster ride.  We started with the cajun grilled scallops over rice and fried alligator.  White alligator meat isn't a problem, but the dark meat is a bit game-y.  I ate it, but I didn't enjoy it as I should have.  The scallops were definitely blackened and good with the sausage they skewered together.The main course was a Snake River Farms NY Sirloin that the server said was wagyu-like.  I am going to assume he meant American wagyu because the meal was only $39 and included blue lump crab meat.  Anyway, the steak was pretty tough for a Snake River Farms cut but it was well seasoned, no doubt.  The crab meat was nice, and I never ordered an oscar-style steak before.  That being my first time topping a steak with anything, it was okay, but I didn't enjoy it as I should have.  The side of mashed potatoes and the veggies were just as big as the steak.  Needless to say, they really should cut the side dish portions down.  It was a waste.Dessert was skipped because the food portions were huge as it was.  Overall, for $156 bucks it was okay, but I wouldn't come back again.  The service was interesting; he was a nice guy, but the rush to leave the table after our order or after checking on us felt just a tad like we were imposing on his time.  I still tipped him reasonably well because he kept the water topped off.There's just one thing I'm worried about--the air fresheners.  I cannot begin to explain the overwhelming scents of Febreeze in this restaurant.  It's to the point where I swore something rotted and they were masking it, or the carpet is musty and they're masking that.  I just don't like seeing Febreeze spray bottles in my hostess's hands when we walk in and those standalone units above a few booths.  Scary to me.If you believe my opinion counts, then here it is:  don't go there unless it's one of those "we need to try every restaurant in Vegas at least once" kind of moments.  Portions are a good size, but the overall experience is lackluster.
2	Service by casey not so good food was excellent
5	Great food,great service!
4	I really enjoyed the bar area for dinner. The server/bartender was one of the best servers I've had. He was friendly, receptive, polite and checked in all the time. I mean when he dropped off a dish, he would say pardon me while I set this dish down.... And this happened at all three courses, appetizer, entree and dessert.The food was good and in large portions so it was hard for me to finish everything. For the appetizer, I had the raw oysters. I am generally a fan of west coast small  oysters but these were southern medium oysters so it was only ok for me. For entree, I had the scallop entree which was a huge portion. There were three skewers with two large scallops each and it was plenty for me to take home. The dessert, a chocolate cake was yummy and was a good ending. The bar area also had a lot of TVs for sports fans to enjoy the games. I would definitely come back for drinks and dinner in the bar area.
5	One word, DELICIOUS...had dinner here last friday and really enjoyed it. I had the charboiled oysters app, and the filet as my entree. Steak was cooked perfectly and the cabernet pepper corn sauce was the best. We will be returning for more
4	We have frequented the bar on several occasions with several couple to do drinks and appetizers. Nikki, the bartender on Sunday and Monday, is the best. She has the sweetest personality. The drinks are very good and so are the appetizers.We have eaten in the restaurant area on three different occasions. The first was absolutely wonderful. We had an outstanding waiter, who obviously has been with them for a while. Our food was delicious and the service impeccable. The next time, we obviously had a new waiter and the service was not good and the food was mediocre. Our third visit, we had another new waiter. It was Thanksgiving and the food was traditional and very good. The service was not.This could be an excellent place to eat, but they need to get it together. There new wait staff definitely needs more training with a seasoned person. I will definitely return, especially for happy hour.
2	This place maybe good for 2-4 people but we were in a group of 7 for a birthday and received TERRIBLE service. The dinner entrees were good, but the desserts and overall service were not - AT ALL! You'd expect desserts at a Southern/Creole restaurant to be excellent or at least good. The bread pudding was runny, and the pecan pie and key lime pie were just BAD!  If we had brought our own Biday cake in, they would have charged $3-4/per person to cut it - how TACKY. Back to the service, maybe it was our waiter but he was one of the worst we've ever had. He acted frustrated anytime someone would ask him anything at all - even for more water. In general, we felt unwelcomed. I doubt we'll return.
5	Great service & fantastic food. Even though I'm allergic to seafood there was a great selection of dishes to choose from. If you love flavor, this is the place to go !!
5	Frankly I don't get the negative reviews.  We've been here several times now and have enjoyed the bar for happy hour and the restaurant as well.  The bartenders know how to mix a drink and the bar food is tops.  The happy hour is daily (4-6:30) and is the best in LV.The restaurant is also excellent.  Can't beat the service, attentive without becoming part of the dinner party, the atmosphere is elegant and the food fantastic.  We've enjoyed the shrimp creole, salmon, prime rib and most of the bar food.  Go here and go often.BTW, the desserts are also very good.
4	Sat on the lounge side for happy hour.  Good happy hour specials. The service was excellent with the bartender/waitress being on top of her game.
4	I have been coming here a few times for lunch every time that I have friends that fly in.It's been our "tradition place"We always make reservations, but never need them as lunch tends to be a slow time for them.We always get excellent service.Food is always good.I usually get the 6oz Petitie Filet Mignon which is always good and cooked perfectly.While you wait for your food a basket of hush puppies is served.A good place to eat when you're with friends or out on a date.The only slight negative thing to say is that the asparagus, which I love eating, usually isn't cooked perfectly.
1	I went here for a educational dinner with a big group.  We only were able to choose from either A)Jambalaya B)Rib Eye C) shrimp scampi.  I chose the Rib eye.  I came back to my seat to find wrong entree.  So the waiter went back to kitchen, a couple minutes later came over to me and said it would be a few minutes. I told him to take his time.  Well about 3 mins later I get a steak that was a charred mess.  It did not resemble a steak in any way, shape, or form. I touched the end and it crumbled off.  Yes, crumbled. The worst steak ever.  I didn't ask for a new one since I was in a group.  But I will say this. I will never, ever, go to this place and pay for a meal..Undoubtedly the worst ever.  The rest of the food was fairly decent.  But this place should NEVER advertise itself with the word steak in the title.  I wish I would have kept the jumbalaya. At least it looked edible.  And to be fair, it looked like the person next to me who ordered the steak had a decent one.  I think it was unfortunate that I was the one that got the steak that most likely was sent back from a different customer.
4	We went to Rhtyhm Kitchen for happy hour, which is daily between 4:30-6:30. Nice interior that was dimly lit with pleasant smooth jazz music playing in the background. We were greeted by the friendly waiter that explained the happy hour menu. We started with cocktails. I got New Orleans drink of choice the Hurricane. This was my first time having one. Very fruity and easy drinking. Be warned however this drink is a creeper and you will be feeling happy in no time. We got the following from their happy hour menu. Charbroiled Oysters. Cooked to perfection, nicely melted butter and parmesan cheese with cajun spice broiled and hot. Delicious! Kobe beef sliders come 3 on a platter cooked medium rare with a side of mixed greens and red onion. Ahi poke was extremely fresh with a nice teriyaki glaze served with taro chips. Baby back ribs were smoky and nicely seasoned that fell off the bone served with a tangy bbq sauce and blackened alligator tail with a very nice sweet and spicy cocktail sauce. I wish we weren't so stuffed because there was a nice selection of scrumptious desserts we didn't get to try. If you're looking for a nice happy hour hangout, give Rhythm Kitchen a shot. Outstanding food and drinks at a decent price, very nice atmosphere with that NOLA vibe.  A special shoutout to the waitstaff who took care of everyone in a timely manner even as it started getting really busy. Great place!!
1	I want so very badly to like this place....so very badly.If you can overlook my grammatical errors, maybe you could take a moment and listen to my tale?The way I see it, Cajun and Creole food is some of the most inventive cuisine on the planet - I mean, who else could make simple beans & rice a world famous dish? And the best part is that most Cajun or Creole is made from the simplest of ingredients, just put together in such a way as to make them scrumptious.Okay, I like Louisiana cooking, so you would think I would spend endless hours at Rhythm Kitchen - right? Oh I so wish that could be true, but the fact is every time I go there, it's a near complete disaster.Here's the kicker - you see the food's not bad. Actually, the little special twist the chef puts on it makes it quite unique. I wouldn't dare start comparing it to Commander's Palace, but it's really not bad.Okay, I hear you asking - "well, what's the problem then?" The problem is - the service sucks, I mean it is god-awful bad. This is quite possibly the most inept staff on the planet. The truth is, I don't know what the reason is for the poor service - and frankly I just don't care. Someone in this place (i.e. management) is incapable of seeing the forest for the trees.Now comes my plea to the amazing culinary scene that is Las Vegas - could someone please open a great local Cajun/Creole restaurant that doesn't suck?The food gets a rating of 4.The atmosphere gets a rating of 3The service gets a rating of -5Total rating = 1 (I rounded up).
5	Beautiful atmosphere and amazing food!
1	We ate at this restaurant two years ago. I thought it was one of the best Cajun restaurants outside of Louisiana.  We returned tonight.  What a mistake!   This is a poor excuse for a restaurant, much less Cajun .  Service is SLOW!!!  Food is tasteless or over seasoned.  The soup was served lukewarm.  We can not understand why the health department hasn't shut this poor excuse for a restaurant down.DO NOT BOTHER TO EAT HERE!  It is a waste of money.  To top it off wait service is auto tip for 6!
1	I used to eat there quite often until I needed knee surgery a year ago.  I was so excited to start to go back there this evening....it was Horrible...dangerously Horrible...not even close to resembling the wonderful Cajun restaurant I remembered...this was tastless, cold food that took 1 hour to be served and there were only 4 tables of customers.  The waitress knew we were not happy but we were not rude...but did a manager come over to see if we were happy or what he could do....BIG NO!!!!   I am calling the health dept tomorrow.
5	We pass by this restaurant daily and it's always packed so we decided to finally try it. Once we realized the type of food we were so excited to try it! It was close to closing so there wasn't many tables but our server was awesome and very attentive. Perfect example of why you should explain menu specials....we ordered everything he recommended! Very good food, different for Las Vegas which made it exciting. While at dinner we were coming up with a list of friends and family we wanted to bring back!
4	My group of 9 women went here for an extended birthday celebration. I don't understand why meals are never "right" even though that is what the person ordered. Anyway, even with the dissatisfaction from 50% of the table, my food was delicious. I had the crawfish and shrimp etouffee and it was outstanding. I had never had the dish before (I know, I know) and I wanted to try something different. But when so many others are complaining, it just makes it difficult to enjoy your own food.So I got some kind of rum punch to take the edge off and this drink was huge. It came in a goblet and after I finished that, I didn't even finish my food. The best part was how ACCOMMODATING the service was for each person. Tawnee (sp?) went over and above the call of service to please our group and a bad experience was expertly averted. And the bartender did a shot with the birthday girl! How fun!
5	I have a new favorite restaurant! Ever since I moved here I have been craving some good Cajun food, and after a disastrous attempt to find some at the Henderson Crawfish Festival, my boyfriend surprised me by bringing me to Rhythm Kitchen for my birthday. The sign fooled me at first, since it advertises itself from the outside as a typical steak and seafood place, but once I saw the menu I was really excited. Alligator tail! Frogs legs! Gumbo! Crawfish! I wasn't sure where to start. After much consideration, we eventually settled on blackened alligator tail for an appetizer. Yum! The sauce on it definitely has a kick. The bread basket they bring out also has these tiny little hush puppies that have a little jalapeno in the batter for some flavor. Usually I think hush puppies are just bland fried corn meal balls that aren't even worth eating, but they manage to turn (what I think) is a bad food idea around and make theirs exciting. For an entree, I went with the crawfish and catfish etouffee, and my boyfriend got a steak "oscar style" with a crab cake on top and covered in Bearnaise sauce. Both meals were amazing, and his also came with a side of yummy macaroni and cheese. Everything was well cooked, the sauces were amazing, and we were two happy customers. We also got a couple of the deserts that also did not disappoint. Besides the food, the atmosphere is really nice. The actual building is meant to look like an old southern plantation house. I read other yelp reviews complaining of the service, but our server was friendly, attentive, and was pretty knowledgeable about where the chef got their product. I also like that the bar is completely separated from the restaurant, and has its own happy hour menu. I would definitely like to stop in for a drink and a couple small plates at the bar sometime. Overall, this was one of the best dining experiences I have had for awhile. I love Cajun food and was not disappointed. I will be coming back soon.
4	I am a fan because it is a cool experience and they have Groupons quite frequently. We had a very friendly thoughtful server (who was an upselling machine) and frog legs for and appetizer. We had our two year old and his presence had another couple leave (he was very well behaved--and they have kids cups and crayons!).My wife had a delicious fish from New Zealand skin was still on but delicious, her mom had the Halibut and I had Filet (YUM!) and Lobster (which lacked flavor but was cooked perfectly).We will go again.
5	I dined here on Wednesday night at the suggestion of my friend date for the evening. He had never been either but said he had heard great things from quite a few people. Considering the alternative was Millers Ale House (no thank you) I agreed to give it a try. The appearances of the front entrance are deceiving- this place was much fancier than either of us anticipated. Thankfully, I make it a habit to shower and wear make up whenever I actually make it out of the house so I felt comfortable there but my friend was in a baseball cap. It wasn't until I pointed out a dude in a windbreaker jump suit that he was able to relax.Their drink menu is almost as big if not bigger than the food menu (which I greatly appreciate) and I settled on the wine flight. $13 for 3 glasses of 2 oz of wines that I got to choose. They were all delicious. Our server was friendly if not a little too robotic Stepford Wives for me- but her enthusiasm was appreciated. Upon asking what her favorite dishes were, she pointed out all of the ones I could never eat- fried, laden with lactose or chock full of gluten. As soon as I confirmed that the 'Shrimp Creole' was tomato based and that spinach could be substituted for the rice, I was happy..even if she made a face at my modification. (Don't feel bad for me- I'm used to it).A basket of hush puppies were brought to the table automatically and my friend devoured all of them- so I assume they are good! The food itself didn't take long and the shrimp dish I got was delightful. Yum, yum, yum.Best part- my friend treated ME! I will definitely be recommending Rhythm Kitchen but not sure I all return often- they need just a few more healthy (ish) dishes please!
3	Been before, years ago. Trying it out one more time. Got disappointed with the gumbo, I seem to remember. Something different methinks. Riveted for me and the wife. And why, yes, we WOULD like an appetizer plate too!The appetizers come out and are seasoned nice and tasty. A first for frog legs for her. I've had them before. Wifey was not too impressed. She did like the rest of the platter though. (As did I)Rib-eyes come out. Huzzah! Big problem. Steaks weren't seasoned at all. AND the waiter seems busy (dunno why, restaurant isn't yet.). The sides were ok, we've both had a couple of bites of steak and secede we're done. Server comes back, asking if we wanted doggy bags. Nope.....kinda the worst tasting rib-eyes we've had. Surprisingly, he took the Borg straight off the bill, even though we didn't ask. If you want a rib-eye and you are in THAT area.....just go down to McMullans Irish pub. Almost never disappointed with their food.
3	I lived in the south and was having a craving for "soul food". As soon as we sat down I felt like our waiter, Robert, was not interested in helping us. This manner was abrupt, impatient, and cold but he gave other tables much more personable service. My friend and I are Asian and the other tables were black or caucasian, at first I felt like maybe it was racially motivated but whatever as long as the food was okay. The table next to us apparently ordered the same items as us and their food was delivered to our table and we had to remind the waiter to bring out the second side dish. My friend and I both took out our phones and started drafting reviews for Yelp. In my personal opinion the waiter saw this and changed his tune all of a sudden. Suddenly the service was 100% better, but it shouldn't take a threat of a negative review to make the level of service excellent. You should treat each customer like they could possibly review your establishment. Our waiter did his best to make things right and I appreciated it. Robert brought us complimentary fried risotto with veal sauce and for dessert our beignets and were free. I truly felt that we were more than compensated for the ever so small mistake and like I said the service did a complete turn around. We will be back. Food was delicious!
4	Service was excellent. Went on a Groupon. Food was really good but on the pricey side. I ordered a chicken pasta and some extra shrimp in it, but they only put in 3 pieces of shrimp-that lost a star for me. The drinks are spot on. Loved the firefly sweet tea! Would go back again and recommend!
1	Food: 3 StarsService: -2 StarsOverall: 1 StarI am going to make this short because I am still annoyed. Stopped by on a slow Wednesday at 7pm. Maybe three other dinning parties when we arrived. Ordered oysters, gumbo, and one of the pasta dishes. The food was average. Worth the price on the menu. The service was completely non existent. The first thing we ordered were our drinks. The waiter came back with them 15 minutes later (After the appetizer and when the main course was being served) with a mumbling apology about the bartender. Everything we needed the waiter for was either late or never arrived. We ended up walking away from half our dessert because the waiter would not bring us a to-go container. If you want to try this place just get take out. The service is possibly the worst I have ever had in Las Vegas. Never Again.EDIT: Someone from Rhythm Kitchen did respond and asked for a second chance. I will update again if I return.
5	The place looks classy and there's a subtle music in the background the whole time. Talk about romantic set up. The food is good. We went on a Sunday and they have the eat all u can catfish for $14, not bad at all. I ordered the baby back ribs with a side of mushrooms. It was really good. The server is good and attentive. That's a big plus! Their surf and turf deal with the 22 oz bone in ribeye look good but we are not that hungry so maybe we will try that next time. Overall experience is wonderful. Would definitely come back.
3	Came here for happy hour, the food was ok, asked the bar tender about the free drink with any purchase offer on yelp. He didn't even know about it, and didn't give me an answer neither....
3	Would come here again for clam chowder. It was the only things tried. Ambiance is cool and our waitress was nice. They made sure the cup was filled at all times. There's also a groupon for this spot.
5	Went to Vegas two weeks ago and my wife found a groupon for this place.  We went on a Tuesday night.  The location isn't very visible so I understand why they have a groupon deal.  The place was very nice and professional once you get inside.  Very nice atmosphere with good music.  The first thing I noticed was the bottle of Crystal hot sauce on the table, that's when I knew the food was gonna be bomb!...I was not disappointed.  I had the combo fried crawfish and crawfish etoufee (spell check that for me).  My wife had some fish that was really good but she liked my plate better.  I ordered my food with pasta instead of rice so I had plenty of leftovers and it was better the next day.  We ended up taking friends there that met us in Vegas over the weekend.  Definitely going back.
1	First off I have to say the steak and the Mai Tai were very good, the other diners with us all enjoyed their entrees. This is why they get a bad review. We waited in the bar for our entire party to arrive and after 30 minutes of waiting at a table and then going up to the bar and being asked if we had been helped and reminding them, I finally got my drink. People at other tables and next to us at the bar were already on a second drink. I had to flag the bartender down again several times to get my check. I complained to the hostess and she told me she would have the manager come over to our table, but no one ever did.Then we went to the dining room for dinner. The service was a prompt in taking our order and getting us beverages. But it was a really long time getting our meal and then our dessert. The creme brulee was runny and having never having beniets before, I am not sure how they were supposed to taste, but they didn't have any flavor. Then came the bill. I informed the waiter we had a Groupon at the beginning of the meal and he told me to give it to him at the end. He brought me the check and then I had to flag him down to remind him of the Groupon. He took it off the check and brought it back with my new bill (the gratutity was already on the check). I paid the balance in cash and a few minutes later the waiter comes back to the table and tells me it is $20 short. I appoligize thinking i gave him a $5 instead of a $20(it was really dark in our section) and give him $20 more dollars. When I get home I check my wallet (i knew exactly how much I had prior to the evening) and sure enough I was $20 short, he stole $20 from me. I can't believe it. Always pay with a credit card!
5	Good service, relaxing ambiance, clean and delicious jambalaya.
2	I'm from Louisiana and this isn't even close...sorry....way over priced for the serving...service sucked....place looks nice....but menu looked old! Don't waste your money here!!
5	Authentic southern cooking. A1
4	Really good New Orleans cuisine at very reasonable prices for a fine dining establishment. Our server, Lana, was attentive and very friendly. And 1/2 price wine in the bar on Mondays! I was just surprised that there was no "barbeque shrimp" on the menu - a staple of New Orleans. If I find it there the next time we go, I'll add a star to my review (provided it's prepared well)!
1	I used to be a regular to this bar and stopped coming after a round I awful service and being over charged. Decided to give it a second go and was sorely disappointed. The Mac and cheese was average at best, the warm chicken for my salad was luke warm, and the Caesar salad was from a bag quality with what seemed to be packaged dressing. It was half off wine night which was nice and we did enjoy the wine. The waitress however was not at all knowledgeable about the wine. Dessert was also less than incredible, the strawberry shortcake was clearly a frozen pound cake and the bengets were also not worth trying. I gave this place a second chance because I had I groupon but it wasn't even worth that. I will not be returning unless its for a bottle of wine in the bar.
2	I hate giving bad reviews, I feel like a b*. But here's the deal. My family is from New Orleans, and they cook well. My grandfather was actually a cook once upon a time. And any Cajun/Creole person who was lucky enough to try my grandmother's gumbo all said the same thing:  It was the best they ever had. So I am VERY critical when it comes to Cajun/Creole food, because I know it.The place itself is nice. Service just ok. Staff was friendly enough, but I got gumbo without a spoon. Got one about 10 mins later after waving down our server. I would have an empty water glass for several minutes, and again would have to flag down our server for these things, as it seemed every time he walked by he was looking at something in the far off distance. Maybe wishing he was anywhere else. Now the food. Fried Crawfish Tails, pretty good. Hushpuppies were fine. Gumbo, just no. No. My husband got the Rhythm Kitchen Platter which was ok. I got the Catfish and Shrimp Creole, which didn't really impress me. The bread pudding was bad.
5	I hardly ever do 5 stars but they deserved it. First off it looks like a old plantation style home, they play southern style music, the building is clean, staff are friendly and professional. The inside is date worthy. The hush puppies are awesome! The menu offers a wide variety, I tried to crawfish duet both were amazing! The dessert menu offers a variety of choices as well, tried the bread pudding...delicious! I will definitely be back!
1	I hope this place decides to invest in a better staff. I was soooo looking forward to some Cajun food, but I cannot comment on the food because I didn't get a chance to eat any. Our server was nice, but it was clear he never served before....and I am a waitress that works at a strip casino. I was with my husband and two friends, my friends arrived first and they told me they waited 25 min for their drinks and they were the only ones sitting at the bar. We sat at a table in the bar area and I told my waiter that I would like an order of alligator while we looked at the rest of the menu. It was "All you can eat ribs" night, and my hubby and friends wanted that but couldn't get it cause we were told they ran out. My friends said there wasn't anything else they saw that they wanted (picky eaters, definitely not the restaurant's problem) so they wanted to leave because they were already annoyed with they drink situation.  This is 20 min after we sat down, and still no app.  I told our waiter that we wanted to cancel the app order, and he looked at me like he had no idea what I was talking about. I totally understand messing up and forgetting an order, but he came back with our bill for our drinks and said that he didn't put the app order in cause he wanted the app to come out with our dinner. My husband asked him what was the point of having an APPETIZER if it came out with the dinner, the waiter just stammered and tried to make up an excuse. Disappointing. Maybe they were just off their game that night, but a bad first impression for sure.
1	Had a reservation made a good 1-2 weeks out to celebrate a friends birthday at this establishment. Dress indicated "casual" , they made an issue of my friend wearing a tank top and after all that's not acceptable wear for them. Mind you the tank top was brand new and he looked very nice in it. We arrived a good twenty minutes early and so headed to the bar for a couple Coronas. 2 beers - $11 plus tip. The restaurant is located in an industrial section of Vegas. You literally feel like you're heading to a storage warehouse somewhere. The first hostess was very nice ( Asian of some sort) , when we headed to the restaurant after the beers we encountered the hostess from hell (blonde white girl) who proceeded to read us the riot act about the dress code. I was so pissed off and obviously felt slandered by this gal that I told her we wouldn't be eating there. We proceeded to leave when she attempted to placate me by offering to get it ok'd by the manager.  REALLY , you must be kidding. Will never be back even if the food was free.  Keep your loser restaurant. I can't imagine anyone from the strip going out of their way to eat there anyway. DISGUSTED.
5	this was yet another great off strip find for us! we will be back! the appetizer ribs are sooooooo goooood! fell apart like butter! the apps were awesome, and the food was delicious. the staff was nice and welcoming, and the ambiance was perfect! the seafood pasta looked great (I watched my new husband eat that since I am not big on scallops) but the blackened tuna! amazing!
5	Top notch food! One of the best seafood & Cajun style food I have ate! Awesome service!
5	Last night I brought my family in with me to share the wonderful experience that I have shared many times before with friends. Rob & Mike were fantastic as usual. Their service & knowledge of everything on the menu was above the rest. The food was great as well but it was the personal service we received that will bring us back again & again. Thank you Rob & Mike!!
3	We came on a Tuesday night and ordered 1. Spinach and artichoke drip with crawfish and chips, 132. Jambalaya shrimp, 193. Crescent City Pasta, 19 for $15.05 (Used the $25 Groupon valued at $50)- Nicely situated off the 215/decatur exit. Amazingly large building - Can't use Yelp Check-in for free drinks. "Only one coupon at a time, now." HAHA. Taiga Modern Groupon hooked it up THO! - You can use Groupon for AYCE! "Camera watching, can't share." haha, meaning both have to get the AYCE Crab, $32. Figured that's a similar price as a Bellagio/Bacchannal so we passed. - Free bread basket. 2 Dinner rolls/6 Hush puppies. Hot but stale. Butter tasted like whipped cream. - Appetizer: Spinach and artichokes topped with BBQ crawfish and mozzarella cheese. I enjoyed the crawfish with the dip, but compared to Red Lobster it didn't have the same rich consistency as theirs. Some chips were stale others were crispy. Somewhat of a hit/miss. - Jambalaya: Andouille sausage sauteed with onion and peppers in a spicy canjun sauce. Topped with rice and served with shrimp. 8 shrimp. Too dry and not spicy. For tasty Cajun Jambalaya go to Costa del Sol. That packs a true punch in flavor. - Crescent city pasta: Linguini tossed with crawfish, shrimp, scallops, mushrooms and spinach in a Cajun lemon herb garlic butter. 4 Shrimp. Excellent taste! Loved the amount of crawfish. High recommendation!  - 18% gratuity added if Groupon used. -  Lighting too dim for my taste. haha. Dim red...- Fast service! We were in and out in about 30min! Impressive! No time wasted. Waiter packed our own food.  - I think this place would be great for group meetings or big events, but for great tasting Cajun style, I'd opt for Costa del Sol for the same price.
4	I recently dined at RK and had a great meal!  This was my first time there for dinner and really enjoyed the atmosphere...it is "fine dining" with white tablecloths but did not feel stuffy and overbearing to me.I went with a friend and also discovered that if you check in on yelp and show the server the check in, you receive a free beverage (soda or coffee or glass of house wine).  That was a great way to start the meal!  I just went with a soda and my friend had a hurricane to drink.  She said it was good, but nothing special for a hurricane.My friend and I shared the sampler of southern fried apps...frog legs, crab cakes, oysters and alligator with dipping sauces.  All were very good and it was the first time I had eaten alligator...tasted like chicken! HahahahahaFor dinner I had the Crawfish Etoufee.  It was very good.  My only comment is that the rice that it was served with was Cajun style and for me, was way too spicy.  I am not the biggest fan of spicy food because I feel that my mouth is on fire and I can't taste and get the real flavor of the dish.  My friend had the blackened catfish covered in the same etoufee with the spicy rice.  I took a bite of her fish and it was delicious.  She had the same comment about the rice as well...too much heat!.For dessert we shared the Mississippi Mud Pie and an order of beignets.  The beignets were lite, fluffy, full of air, and totally covered in powdered sugar.  VERY GOOD!  The mud pie was good as well and had a good coffee chocolate flavor.Would definitely go to RK again...it was a little pricey for dinner so would want to go for lunch and check it out.Thanks for reading!
3	We saw this place on Restaurant Stakeout, so when a Groupon came up we bought one. Overall for the price I think we would go somewhere on the strip instead. It was odd to me that they had everyone crammed in one section of the restaurant instead of opening the other side. The salads we had were fresh and good nd I also liked that we could get a half order of any salad. I had the crab cakes for an appetizer. They were okay, pretty salty though. We both had the rib eye Oscar style. It was okay, not the best steak and I didn't realize their Oscar style wasn't with lump crab meat but instead another crab cake...so I was way over the crab cakes by then!Overall it was good but again for the price (without a groupon) I know there are much better restaurants in this town.
4	Im actually at about a 3.5 on this place only because it wasn't memorable food...everything was good but not great
2	Beyond being excited about the menu online, walking in I was impressed ; it was huge...loved the environment...the server came right over and after that...down hill it went...calamari was undone and cold, the "all you can eat Catfish +1side" was just unlimited Catfish, i guess the 1 side was supposed to last all night...it was awful...from Catfish lovers..it was a unseasoned guppy of sorts that we had to request seasoning on for the next batch..why in the world did we do that..the last and final batch had seasoning on one side which the server mentioned as she set the plate down like half seasoned guppy was an awesome option. We also ordered the Crescent City Pasta , which had 0-0 seasoning,  presentation was gorgeous but taste fell waaaay short. Next, dessert my Mud Pie good but the Brownie ? was a hard brick of microwaved imperfection, even the server was shocked at how hard it was when we asked him to cut it..shhh my ice cream had ice chips and frost in it but i still finished it, so after the water was over poured and crashed in our laps we finished the evening off with a cocktail and a beer which somehow they managed to get right...we left thinking there couldn't possibly be anyone of Cajun/ Louisiana culture cooking in that kitchen....restaurant has great potential...but i need my potential with some Rhythm(aka: seasoning)
4	So good!  I had the jambalya, and it was HUGE!!! i wish it was a little more spicy, but it was good.  My boyfriend started with the gumbo, we both thought that the gumbo at Boiling Crab was better, then he had the gulf shrimp... They too were HUGE, but very very good.  We were feeling brave that night and decided to try the alligator tail!  The server offered to have us try it both ways, blackened and fried... I am a fan of the blackened!!!  Spicy and down right yummy!!!If you check in with yelp when you are there, they have a check in offer of a free glass of house wine, cup of coffee or soda!!!!
5	Great food! Great service! Authentic Louisiana Faire
5	We went here tonight (my first time) for a birthday celebration.  We started off in the lounge, great atmosphere, great service, and great drinks especially with happy hour specials.  For dinner, again great atmosphere and great service.  I am kind of a wimp when it comes to spice, so I was not brave enough to try any of their specialties and stuck with what I know.  I started with a house salad and then got a filet which was phenomenal.  I sampled tastes from my family Filet Oscar (OMG yum!) and French onion soup (delicious).  My dad loved the jambalaya and he's hard to please with new food choices.  Great wine list too!  Sadly, it's far from where I live and a little out of my price range (but very comparable for similar restaurants of this type) as a place to go frequently, but we'll be back for more special occasions.
5	Inexpensive and great attitudes! Love and recommend this place!!!! Can't do much better west of LOUISIANA!
5	Amazing food. We come here when we are missing New Orleans dining and atmosphere. Always great service and huge potions. Love it!
4	Having looked at the menu online I was thinking this was more a cajun kinda place, but when we got there saw the full name was Rythmn steaks and seafood. And we could tell right from entering through seating that this was a fancier place than we anticipated----tablecloths, cloth napkins, wine glasses o  table, and so on. I really prefer a more casual experience instead of all the unneeded symbols of nicety. But, to eating... I got the Jambalya, I don't recall what my wife got, but it was all very good. Not the best I have ever had, but very good. They start you out with some great bread and hushpuppies. The only thing odd was I got some hot tea to drink, and never once was that tea refilled. My water glass was never half empty, but that tea, not to be. Why? Anyway, a good meal, but a little bit of an upscale joint for me.
2	I was really excited to try Rhythm Kitchen. My assumption was that it was a cajun/creole type of establishment which for me the food lacked both cajun and creole and seasoning in general. I had the crescent city pasta with the cajun alfredeaux sauce. The dish is essentially seafood pasta with alfredo sauce. The cajun alfredo is a joke. Its not cajun and its not even good alfredo. it was too thin and lacked flavor. The shrimp were small and the spinach was all clumped together. Overall it was a lackluster meal. I probably won't be back to rhythm kitchen.
3	I'm hoping this place is better on the weekends than when we visited on a Monday night. The server started by telling us all the things they were out of :( I'd been lured by the promise of charbroiled oysters, which were a complete disappointment. The gumbo and spinach salad were delicious.
5	Awesome place, nice ambiance...classy but not over the top.  Prices were reasonable for dinner,  especially for Vegas.  Excellent service, and patio dining was very romantic!
5	Service was excellent!  Food was incredible.  Bread basket comes with Hush Puppies... Phenomenal.  Oyster appetizers were huge and fresh.  Steak was perfectly seasoned and blackened cajun lobster was the best.  Do yourself a favor and go.
2	First off the food was ok. Just ok. One of our diners had the ribeye Oscar style and it was so tough he didn't even finish half of it. What a waste. Looked dry from where I sat. Hubby had Etouffee and he liked it but had better elsewhere.  We all had Caesar salads, very tasty and the only dressing not made in-house. I had the Shrimp Brochette Appetizer with a salad for dinner, the shrimp with bacon could have cooked a little longer so all meats could cook through. Had a stomach problem later that evening. Bread Pudding, good, Beinget too doughy and overly powdered with sugar.  Nothing spicy, though I thought the Etouffee would be.Service, well we had a reservation and the hostess wanted to seat us at the first table as you walked in to the main dining room when most all tables at that time were empty.  We asked for another table and she really didn't want to move us any further than the table next to it because as she said, later reservations were planned for those tables. Why in the world would you seat people at the first table everyone has to walk by when there were available tables the same size further in?  Our waiter and his assistant were good! Friends have been here and loved it.  Not sure if there's been a change somewhere down the line. We probably won't be back.
2	Overall the food was good I had the crawfish and we had some frog legs as appetizers. I don't think I would drive back across town for it.I think I prefer Lolas but it's okay. The atmosphere was nice and the service was good overall a pleasant dining experience. I also had a lemon drop martini now I can recommend that !
5	We had dinner there on February 8, 2014. The food, wine, service, and atmosphere was great! I've been to New Orleans and this place made me feel like I was there once again! We had crab cakes, alligator tale, calamari, Atchaflaya crawfish, petite filet with bearnaise sauce, and bread pudding. All dishes were fantastic. We will definitely return!
4	It was time once again for my friend to come into vegas to visit me.And like tradition we had dinner at our favorite place.This time I decided to try something new, the blackened chicken pasta.An excellent dish that i really loved eating.Chicken was moist, not dry and blackened just right.The creamy Cajun alfredaux was just perfect.I also went with my traditional side of asparagus which this time around was cooked to my usual liking.(It's so hard to find restaurants that can cook asparagus correctly)We also had the same friendly waiter from our last visit.Another pleasant experience.
4	I'm writting another review since my friend and I eat here both times when he's in town. I also wanted to add a few more things to my review.Our server for both times and last year was "Dr. Bob"A very friendly and attentive server.The slighest thing to complain about, which is in no way a big issue.But the rolls that are served with the fantastic hushpuppies were very dry and brittle.Dr. Bob asked our opinion on tonight's rolls, I'm assuming that maybe other people commented on them.He did say that they are made fresh daily, which I don't doubt, but maybe they were being kept incorrectly that made them brittle and dry.But Rhythm Kitchen's food was so delicious that the rolls problem can be overlooked.Again, great food like always.
4	Nice take on creole. Not quite as good as the real thing at the Big Easy, but last time I checked you have to fly across the country for that sort of thing. I didn't realize this was fine dining when I walked in, so heads up, wear something besides your ripped blue jeans. It's an odd location for this type of restaurant
4	Happy hour was wonderful! .. Andrew our server was excellent. I highly recommend the charbroiled oysters. Yum!!
5	An exceptional experience with Cajun food + white table cloth service and charming staff + delicately lit dining room, and gorgeous views of Las Vegas through large glass windows (if you get a seat upstairs).My family and I came to Rhythm Kitchen during Las Vegas Restaurant Week. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation and waited for the hostess to prep our table. After we were ushered into their dining room, which is classy, yet has a feeling that you will be served Cajun/French Creole food from the heart.Not everyone in my party dined on the RW Menu, but I did, as did my mother and God-mother. For starters when I checked into Yelp the restaurant offered a free drink, including their house wines. I opted for the white, a Chardonnay that was decent, but not anything surprising. My father ordered the house Merlot, also a decent varietal, but nothing special. However, they do have an extensive wine menu that I glazed over seeing numerous choices from France, Spain, and the like.Next - for appetizer my family opted for two orders of the alligator tail, one grilled with a spicy seasoning and the other deep fried. The alligator was surprisingly tender and had the consistency of a medium-well done steak. I like both versions, but preferred the grilled with the extra spice.We were also served tasty, warm rolls and hush puppies with honey-butter. AMAZING hush puppies. Deep-fried to perfection, and a lovely spicy taste... I think there must have been some jalapenos added to the batter. But these were quite addictive.As for my order, I started with the Cashew Vinaigrette Salad- Mixed Greens In A Spicy Cashew Vinaigrette Topped With Red Onions, Red Peppers & Crispy Wontons. The addition of red onions and red peppers to this salad made all the difference, adding spiced-up flavors one does not typically have in a garden varietal salad. The crispy wontons add a very nice mix to the mouth-feel and are kind of like a "better'" version of a crouton.Next up, main course: N'Awlins Seafood Delight- Blackened Catfish Over Rice With A Rich & Creamy Alfredaux With Shrimp. This was a delicious, creamy main course. The catfish was main star, having a flaky grilled exterior, and a melty white fish center. And it was a good portion. Shrimp were plentiful as well, no skimp on the shrimp here. The alfredaux pulls everything together, making you believe you are in New Orleans... not South Las Vegas.Lastly, dessert. Homemade Bread Pudding Served With Bourbon Sauce. Their bread pudding was certainly... different. It is a firm cake, dense. The bourbon sauce here is served cold and it is a white sauce (some places offer brown). I was not a fan. I was expecting a warm bread pudding and a warm white sauce. The was neither. But. It wasn't *bad* and had a very NUTMEG flavor to it. It is just different, that is all.Overall - Service was prompt, genuine and our server was congenial to our large group. Food overall was as expected with pops of surprises and flourishes of creativity from whoever is chef here. I would certainly come back.
5	Great food ... Great service (Robert) ... Cute cocktail lounge... Awesome banquet hall upstairs...romantic ambiance.... hidden treasure in Vegas.  Love this place.
5	Our server Robert was amazing. The food was awesome along with the atmosphere. I will definitely be back. The best
4	Came here as a fluke, we had reservations for a Steak & Seafood house In Henderson, when we got the call that they had to shut down for a water problem. We were just getting ready to leave, so we headed down the street to Rythym Kitchen to give it a shot.Walking in, we weren't greeted for a while, almost left. Then things got rolling in a better direction. Loved their ambiance. It's a large space, so you have room. It wasn't crowded at all that night....weeknight post happy hour. It was promising that we would get good service and food from the start.Had the Firecracker appetizer. That was great: ahi, guacamole & wonton chips. All good. Tried the Lump Bleu Crab cakes; they were good but probably will not order it again....too many other good looking appetizers.  For a crab cake, I think it was too spicy for my liking. Personal preference. The vegetables were blah but the Mac n cheese was all that! :)Loved their Cashew Vinaigrette Salad, which was not something you can get just anywhere. Had lots of cocktails, all were good but I don't remember the names of all the ones we tried in my group of 4.Ordered the Surf n Turf, steak and lobster special that evening. My boyfriend likes steak, I prefer seafood. All was good. Steak was better than I thought, had some flavor to it. Cooked medium rare, as we asked. Lobster was pretty good. It was a little tougher than I like. I would try the halibut or peel shrimp next time...so obviously it was a good enough experience to look forward to a "next time."One in our group had the John Dory, now I would order that again!Our waiter was VERY knowledgable, he knew the menu back to front. That's a huge plus for me, since I don't eat Cajun food often. We were there for a long time & h never rushed us. He came over to chat with us for awhile. We knew some of the same Las Vegans, so it was nice that he was friendly and on top of service.
2	We went in looking for something different, and this was. Food was OK. Not bad, but also not worth the prices. Should list as $$$, rather than $$.
4	Came here to fulfill a seafood craving, when we entered we didn't realize it was more of a white tablecloth restaurant and it was a little pricey than Yelps $$ states (I would say this is more of a $$$) we also were about to walk out since we didn't see any beer on the menu.  Before we decided to walk out I asked our server if they served beer, he said " of course!" And brought over the beer menu.  He then started talking to us about beer and was extremely knowledgeable on beers as well as everything else on the menu.  We decided to stay based on his service alone.  I ordered the crescent city pasta and my boyfriend ordered the AYCE shrimp special.  The clam chowder starter and pasta was pretty good but probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back.  I like the location, ambience and great service but unless I'm celebrating some sort of special occasion I would rather save a little $$ and dine at either boiling crab or at an oyster bar at a casino.  I wouldn't mind trying this place out for happy hour and appetizer and/or dessert, or coming back for with a group and checking out the lounge.
5	Great service, amazing food! A little different atmosphere than what i had anticipated, but i had a great first experience here!
1	I have been to this place once, and for many, once is enough to leave you wishing you can fight for a refund of your money. Had the seafood platter which looked liked a fried soggy mess that came from an easy bake oven of a four year old. They try to charge and arm and leg for something that I could get better from the frozen food aisle at Wal-Mart. I am not a "foodie" hater but, I also will not hesitate to share my experiences whether they be good or bad.. and in this case Rhythm Kitchen was waaaaaaay off beat.
5	I like the atmosphere here! Smaller place with an upstairs for special events. When we got there, they tried to put us in a booth which is really not comfortable for six people especially since I'm a larger guy. They were accommodating and sat us in the lounge until they could get a table ready.  Had the Rib Eye steak blackened, YUM!  Had their version of oysters Rockefeller and they were great.  More upscale than I thought it was but well worth the money. Try it out!
5	The crab is amazing. They keep bringing it out fresh and hot. The atmosphere is great. Very friendly staff. The presentation is well worth it. Very quiet and intimate setting. Elegant with style. Their sweet tea is nice and the garlic spinach smells delicious. The calamari was crunchy and chewy. The ribs were a little too fatty. The crab was sweet and tender. Very easy to crack and the drawn butter had a hint of garlic and herbs in it. Nice overall and excellent choice for date night :)
2	Disappointing overall. Especially for the prices. We went for dinner and ordered a pre fix special. I asked for a minor change,  and even offered to pay for it, and was told no. I don't remember if it was a request to switch dessert or change a side to veggies,  but I was surprised by the response.  The place looks nice. Decent food, nothing memorable.  The worst part was the iced tea. It was watered down with little fresh tea flavor.  We've only been the one time so maybe this was an anomaly.  For these prices,  though it's going to be difficult to try again.
3	Food and service was good. Didn't appreciate the head chef/owner dropping the F-bomb in the dining room.
5	Great menu selections ! Food was great and made me feel like in a Louisiana restaurant.  The restaurant is very clean and romantic , the service was excellent.  The server Jolie had always checked on us to ensure we satisfied every single course.  The server assistants offered great team work with her to provide excellent table service. The Tomahawk and Lobster was a bomb ! Enjoy this place , thanks Jolie !
5	What a gem, come get your mint julep or a Bloody Mary and taste the south.  Andrew, our bar tender was absolutely charming. The jazzy vibe and delicious food makes me want to rush back.The gator is just like I remember on the bayou, the catfish chips fresh and delicious not greasy just crispy and full of flavor. Can't wait for my next visit!
1	The waiter (Dr. Bob) assured us before ordering that we could get separate checks (group of 8). So I ordered a beer but specified that I did not want it before my meal. It arrived well in advance of the food. I ordered the catfish fillets, which were unremarkable, but then what can you do to catfish fillets? The side dishes (some kind of relish and cole slaw) were substandard and stingily portioned. Our bill came - yes, one bill. We held him to his word and forced him to provide separate checks as promised. There was an 18% gratuity added to the check (!).  I thought the waiter was pretentious and inattentive, although I'm pretty sure he would disagree. At my age I have been served by many excellent waiters and he is not one. Will not return.
4	I stopped here for dinner last night just before closing. I have actually been here a couple of times for events but I wanted to sit down and have a meal. I was not disappointed. They delivered warm bread with hush puppies yummy.  I had the shrimp scampi linguini with a side of red beans and rice (I know kinda of out there but I do like red beans and rice). The meal was very tasty, the service was great and the ambience is so relaxing a definite plus. My friend had the salmon and enjoyed it immensely. The downside was no room for dessert. Robert the server does a great job and they have a nice bar area to hang out if you do not want to have dinner. A nice out of the way spot for a special friend, spouse or just to hang..
3	The restaurant has a great atmosphere and air of Louisiana; however the Southern hospitality was missing. I went on a Friday evening with a party of 4, so the place was just beginning to fill when I arrived. I totally understand the culture of Las Vegas does not lend itself towards hospitality or courtesy, but when you attempt to have a Southern style restaurant, you need to take the expectations of your clientele into consideration. Aside from the lack of hospitality, the food was good and had great presentation. I am vegetarian, so there is not much to choose from. I had the Garden District Spinach Salad with no bacon or egg. The full sized salad was a nice dinner portion, but I probably could have gotten away with the half after eating bread and hushpuppies. The Hushpuppies had a nice amount of spice with good texture. The best part of this restaurant was the beignets. Your order will arrive with 3 fluffy beignets, fried to perfection, with just the right amount of powdered sugar to require full usage of your napkin. If I go back, I could easily get an order of beignets to go and be a happy camper!
1	Do not have a private party here! You will get robbed, double booked, and treated terribly. I will make sure for the rest of my life that no one that I know goes to this restaurant. The owner is an absolute crook!
4	Robert the bartender in the lounge is great!!! Makes an awesome drink, the sliders and steak bites are the best around. Great happy hour too. Nice for a few drinks or on a date night. My friend had the gumbo and said it was delicious.
3	2nd time eating here and went for the twin lobster tails, blackened. I guess they were out of season as the 2 tails were $59...a bit steep but the $50 groupon took a nice $25 off.  I think blackened is the way to get lobster now as this was probably the best lobster I can remember having in a long while. The tails were cooked perfectly and the blackened pepper flavor hit the spot.I was in a toss up over giving 3 or 4 stars because there were a few low points to the meal despite the lobster being top notch...-The truffle mac and cheese lacked any kind of truffle flavor whatsoever, not even a hint.-The side of vegetables were way overcooked-The bread in the basket was so hard I clanked it on my dinner plate and it was like a glass hitting glass sound. -The butter that went with the bread had an odd texture where I doubt it would soften up if it were left out an hour as though it had been dunked in liquid nitrogen. I think they were preformed into little rose pats and then thrown in the freezer (last month).-It was prime dinner time and I only counted 3 other tables dining in this large room which meant you could hear other people's conversation.-This last one really gets me. I understand if gratuity is added to parties of 6 or more. But if it's just 1 or 2 people dining, I'm not sure why gratuity of 18% needs to be added. I was actually going to tip 20% on the bill prior to the discount because the service was good and the lobster was delicious (so their insurance against me being a cheapskate actually saved me $1.00)...but I just find it insulting that the waitress needs to take out an insurance policy on her tip because I came in using a coupon...oh this guy might be cheap, I better hit the insurance button. I probably would have given 4 stars if not for this.The first time I came here was about a year ago and I had the Jambalaya and shrimp E' Touffe. Both were excellent. Aside from the having 3 very good main entrees here in 2 visits, other things about this place could use a step up.
2	came to rhythm kitchen on a recommendation from a friend.  the warning sign went up pretty quick when the server recited the evening's special.  barramundi with coconut risotto and mango salsa.  is that Cajun?  thankfully I passed but one of my dining companions made the mistake of ordering it.  I tasted the fish and although it hadn't gone bad.....yet, it was well on its way.  I started with crab cakes.  not bad.  for dinner I had the jambalaya.  again not bad but I could have made it in my own kitchen and it would have been at least as good, if not substantially better.  we shared beignets and bread pudding for dessert.  never really had a beignet but I wasn't impressed.  give me a good sopapilla anytime.  the bread pudding was like the rest of the meal.
1	Decided to give this place a try as I was in the mood for some good Cajun food.  Boy was that a mistake.  The service was reprehensible.  In spite of there being only two other tables occupied, it took our waiter over 15 minutes to take our drink order and another 10 minutes to bring us our drinks.  So we sat at a table in a nearly empty restaurant for nearly 1/2 an hour before we even got a drink.  The bread basket our waiter said he was going to bring right out, didn't materialize until after we received our appetizers and only after we asked for it from another server.  So even though the service sucked, it may have given more stars in my rating of the food had been good, but it wasn't.  The jambalaya was spicy, but the consistency was terrible and the chicken in it tasted as if it had freezer burn.  My friend ordered the day's special of barramundi fish over coconut risotto.  The fish was old and the risotto was a big clumpy mess.  Even worse was my friend got sick after eating it with what were the symptoms of food poisoning.  Bottom line, is if you want good cajun/creole food, DO NOT go to this place
4	Great food....great service. Steak special was outstanding and excellent for the price. The only disappointment was we expected to hear jazz or similar music to accompany the menu but there was a mariachi band!! Very odd.
4	So happy I finally got to try this place. I really liked the appetizer that had bacon wrapped scallops. So delicious. The waiter I can't remember his name something like Dr. Something was awesome. He was very knowledgeable and attentive.
2	Food was good until they ran out of crab legs.. How can you have a all you can eat crab legs day then run out SMH
4	Came here for Thanksgiving dinner as I did not want to cook a huge meal this year. I was pleasantly surprised with the ambiance and hospitality of this place!My two children ordered the turkey dinner which was complete with turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, and even a slice of pie. The turkey was cooked and seasoned perfectly, with a pleasant aftertaste and was moist to boot. My husband ordered the filet - oscar style - which includes a crab cake on top with Bernaise sauce, which was out of this world. The filet was tender and juicy, and the crab cake was large and perfectly cooked (no skimpy crab here - it was full of large chunks of crab meat). I ordered the Cajun platter with catfish, shrimp, and crab legs (hey, you only love once, right?). Everything tasted delightful, and was crispy - not soggy - like some other restaurants. Our waitstaff ensured our experience was one of a kind, and my daughter even compared the ambiance and food to a certain Disney movie involving a frog-prince.It was a delightful experience and I would absolutely recommend this Restaraunt to anyone who loves New Orleans style Cajun food!
4	Another great experience at Rhythm Kitchen!!It was time again for my friend to come into Vegas and continue our tradition of eating at Rhythm Kitchen.We dined on 6/26/14 at 9pmWe had our same waiter from all of our previous visits.The one that goes by Dr. BobAlways a great waiter. Very friendly and great to talk to.This time around we got freshly made, just out of the deep fryer hush puppies.The waiter also brought us out a brand new bread that the cook had made.The waiter mentioned it was probably a sour dough of some type.Whatever it was, it was really good.And since the owner frequently checks all of the Yelp reviews, I would like him to note that this new type of bread is very welcome in future visits.I once again had the blackened chicken pasta, which is always a great dish.Chicken cook perfectly and great pasta with the Cajun Alfredeaux sauce.My friend had his usual favorite, the filet mignon. The waiter made sure that the filet was cooked perfectly and that it had it's proper rest period before serving (5mins)Just another fantastic dining experience.More people need to try out Rhythm Kitchen.
2	Service was decent but food was horrible. My wife and daughter had the sea bass and couldn't finish it. Bringing it home it stunk so bad it had to be thrown out immediately. Even the cat's wouldn't eat it ! This was my second and final visit, being disappointed both times.
5	I love the pasta, fried catfish,crawfish etouffee, jambalaya dish, and the ribs.The ribs do tend to vary on tenderness and amount of rub.Sometimes I get a really soft tender one and sometimes its a bit tuff.It must depend on the location in the smoker and how long it has been smoked.So, send it back if it is tough and they will fix without question.The beignets are yummy.  I order these first as otherwise I won't have room.The wait staff is friendly and responsive.   This is a really nice fancy place. They have been fine that we show up in shorts and t-shirts, but it may make you feel uncomfortable to be in such a nice place dressed that way.They have a nice bar and a party space upstairs.Groups are easily accommodated and I've been here for a birthday party too.  No problems serving the group.This is also a great place to impress a date.  Dress nice and look classy to impress.
5	Oh my goodness... That crab was Soooo good! It made me wish I had a bigger stomach! For those who don't know, every Tuesday rhythm kitchen offers an endless snowcrab dinner that is one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating. The bread baskets have little surprises in them and the sweet tea was great as well for dessert I split the key Lome pie and the strawberry short cake both of which were very tasty unfortunately they were sold out of the fried ice cream that night so I was not able to try that despite hearing such great reviews about it.
1	We were a party of three with reservations for 7/27/14.  We were all disappointed with our food.  The shrimp and bacon were undercooked, and worst of all my lobster was spoiled.  The astatic were nice and the waiter was attentive.  However the food was the worst we ever had.  We actually give the food a minus five, we will never return, and will advises everyone we speak with never try this establishment.  Oh, by the way we could hear loud arguments in the kitchen.They also miss our special occasion; a birthday.  We paid for sh---t.
4	Great food and good service!
5	The. Bomb. Dot. Com!  WOW!  We bring out of towners here for a treat.  Never, ever have we been disappointed.  The cajun food is off the chain!  I can count my trips to NOLA on two hands and this is the real deal.  Happy Hour in the bar is amazing.  Kobe Beef Sliders?  Are you kidding me??  YUM!!!!  The blackened alligator should not be missed.  The Crawfish Etouffee is out of this world!  You REALLY need to check this place out.  Take is from a big guy who knows his food.  This place scores HIGH!
4	Wife and I went for happy hour on Tuesday 8/5. Great service, drinks, food, and prices. Probably the best happy hour in the valley considering the prices. Will return often.
4	All you can eat shrimp Thursdays was perfect for my man with big appetite! He chose cajun and lemon pepper and was pleased. I opted for blackened chicken pasta. The chicken was a little dry but pasta was flavorful. Ambience was perfect for late dinner wine date :)
5	I was there for happy hour and right away was very impressed with the service. I tried 2 of the draft beers: Abita Purple Haze (wheat beer) and Deschutes Chain Breaker White IPA. I liked both of them a lot. Not everyone has the same taste in beer. The bartenders there are very knowledgeable and will find something you like.The main reason we went in was to try the oysters. They were great, much better than the ones you find in local casinos or buffets. Also had the fried calamari, very crispy and delicious. Next time I'll try the alligator tail and have a full meal.
4	Some of the best crab I've ever had. I'm a big fan of king crab but the snow crab here gives any king crab I've had a run for its money. I like the side of chow chow with my crab, pickled green tomatoes. The Abita purple haze pairs great with it and the hush puppies are very good. Sweet tea is also worth it.
4	I have been to Rhythm Kitchen 4 times now in the last 2 years and the food has been exceptional every time!  Of the New Orleans style cuisine I have sampled here in town over the years, this is the closest I have found to the real deal!  The Crawfish Etouffe is delicious, the spinach artichoke dip with crawfish is really tasty and I have also had a fantastic prime rib.  Additionally, I have sampled a friend's shrimp pasta and several of the fried appetizers - the appetizers were nothing special, but the shrimp dish had great flavor!  Aside from the food, though, Rhythm Kitchen offers many different wines and specialty mixed drinks, including some classics like the Sazerac.  The classy atmosphere feels like fine dining, but the prices are quite reasonable, especially during happy hour.  This is a great place to take loved ones for special occasions.The first time I dined here the wait staff was very sparse and it took a very long time to get drinks and eventually get our food.  But each time I've been back the service has improved and the food has always been good enough to keep coming back regardless.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. The decor was very nice and romantic setting. The food was great and very tasty if you like your steaks blackened with spicy seasoning. The bread they brought out was very yummy. There were corn bread and little hush puppies. The service is great waiters are very polite and it's a good deal. There prices are very reasonable. Loved this place, recommend giving it a try. I had the 12 ounce filet minion blackened it came with a side of veggies and your choice of another side for 38$ it was delicious and very big.
5	Some of the best creol food I have had in a while. Top notch blackened catfish and the ettouffe was great. Service was excellent. The coffee (chickory) was like being in the french quarter again. This place is excellent...
5	Went with my husband to try their happy hour. We sat in the cocktail lounge.  I ordered martinis and my husband just got the beer. We also ordered a few appetizers and desert. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful.  On top of that, the bartender put a little chocolate heart drawing on my martini and I thought that was adorable.  It's the little touches that make a bite to eat special.
1	Rolls were good, gumbo was fresh but bland, red beans were dehydrated from days of reheating or just overcooked, charbroiled oysters were way over seasoned too salty of a spice and overcooked, hush-puppies also overcooked and dense.
5	I have eaten here multiple times for special occasions and the food is great, from appetizer to dessert! I def recommend getting your steak blackened! Delicious!!
5	Mostly Cajun, this place is incredible. We've dined in the dining room only twice, but it was exceptional both times. Everything Cajun is delicious. Lately, we've been stopping by for Happy Hour. Rob and Mike, the bartenders, are outstanding! The appetizers are amazing, and the beer selection is extensive.
5	my son took me for my B day dinner here last night, we used the $50 groupon.I got the Atchafalaya crawfish delight. let me tell yall. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.He got the Crab cake Elaine. Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they also had Abita  beer Pecan good stuff.we haved Cajun food in Texas that was incredible  , have not been to NOLA yet, but this food is right up there, well be back again. complaint's to the chef and the cooks in the back Thank you
4	Just had a nice dinner there. Hadn't been there in three years. Still very good were the scallops, blue crab cakes, filet mignon and hush puppies with honey butter. Atmosphere and service still great!  The disappointment was the tuna tar tar, ranch dressing on my salad tasted like mayonnaise, and my favorite blackened chicken pasta (tri color rottini ruined it) which should have been served with a mosticolli noodle.    Note: do not take kids there...my three year old ordered the mac n cheese...it came out with bread crumbs and pepper on the fries ~kids do not like spinach pasta! Still love the place but will be pickier next time I order.
5	Great Louisiana style food and all the variety to go with it. If your a Saints fan... This is the place for you!I brought my daughter here several months ago she just loves the food and is a Saints & LSU fan, big time!Come enjoy a bit of Cajun food here in Vegas!!
5	Went there for the very first time on 9/28 to watch the Saints game. even though my team lost bad the food, drinks and service made up for it. the appetizer sampler was amazing, after my first trip to new Orleans last year I fell in love with fried alligator and theirs was just as good. they do all kinds of specials through out the week and the all you can eat crab on Tuesdays sounds awesome. Game or no game on I will be back.
5	Love this place!! We been coming here few a  couple years now. Had our Company Christmas dinner here last year as well. Just like all our previous visits today was another great one! We had Dr. Bob as our server and he was AMAZING! Great service, we really appreciated the fact that he made sure we got the best of the best. Offering different options from our typical orders which lead us to the Scallops this time around for an appetizer. He put on a good flame show for dessert, we had the Banana Foster. This is one of our favorite local spots and recommend it to all our friends. We have been going here for years and will continue to do so.
4	The crab legs are great and the steak has always been so good until the very last trip. It seemed as if they started purchasing lower quality meats. The steak was more gristle than anything. I'll still try it again, as the service is good and it may have been an off night. This place is comforting to me since I was raised in the South. They have a really nice bar and an upstairs event room that is perfect for any party!
5	OMG Fantastic selection, prices are very resonable, excellent service. Food was amazing. I had a glass of wine and it was very good. I've been back twice now and had the exact same experience. I highly recommend this place for great catfish, crawfish and more.
5	The best all you can eat crab legs. They are served warm with jambalaya on the side. Great service
3	We normally Love this restaurant.  The bread was dry as if it was reheated frequently.  The blackened catfish and shrimp creole was okay.  The gumbo has changed and not like gumbo we usually order.  And not one shrimp in the gumbo.  It was not a good night at Rhythm Kitchen.  We won't be recommending this place to our friends.  :(
4	Very nice classy place.  Not the greatest New Orleans cuisine but good.  Prices are a bit higher than we have found at other New Orleans styled places in the Las Vegas area.  We are glad we gave it a shot but even more pleased we had a Groupon for this meal.
3	Ok so... The food is definitely good. I had some of the artichoke dip and it was the best ever. And I ordered the shrimp scampi linguine and that was also delicious but there were a quite a few shrimp shells in my food and that was kind of annoying.  The severs are very nice. However, my food took over an hour to come out. That's too long!
5	Amazing  food very friendly staff and the  hurricane  is  super strong. .oooooo lord!!!
5	This is definitely a romantic atmosphere. I've had steaks every time, and I like my steak rare. Their staff is among the few who can actually cook a rare steak. We also got the spinach dip, which was amazing. My waiter was familiar with his wine list, which meant quite a bit for me. My boyfriend ordered the hurricane which was very strong! He got pasta and it was "okay" he basically didn't think they had enough sauce, but I like spared sauce. We recommend it for sure.
3	Went here for my 31st bday... The server was awesome and was a joy to be around. The food was just ok pasta was not that good. However those jalepeno hush puppies were amazing!! The atmosphere was lovely w/ white candles/ The drink was so strong it was not even tasty or delicious.
3	we came here to celebrate my husband's bday and he chose the place.  It was so so.  My steak came too rare and I just gave up eating it and just took home to cook it some more for breakfast the next day.  So it's one of those places that we tried and say "been there, done that."  My husband said his Jambalaya was just ok.
2	First time dining at this restaurant, we came in on a Tuesday for the "all you can eat crab legs" the crab legs were amazing! However, I was very disappointed when we finished our first plate of legs, the waiter came back with only two legs!!! We finished them in about three minutes.  We then had to wait 20 minutes for another two legs.  It was totally pathetic!  They claim that they offer "all you can eat crab" but in all reality they make you wait forever for your next plate.  I would rather be charged more than have them be cheap with the crab. I won't be back here!
5	One of the best places we've be to since moving from New Orleans... It's always nice to have a home cooked meal without having to do it yourself that's for sure
4	First time there and the Food was Great, Service was Great as well a must Stop when in Vegas.
3	Ive been to this place twice so far. The first time was with girlfriends back in 2013 and we had a great time. We got a bunch of different appetizers and quite a few entrees as well. I remember the food being good for the most part. The alligator was tender and juicy and the crawfish spinach artichoke dip was so so good. The Tomohawk steak was so amazing and came on a giant bone they let you take home for your dog if you want. The only complaint the first time was the Beignets I ordered for dessert. Im from New Orleans and Beignets are supposed to be fluffy and sweet and a bit crispy and covered with powdered sugar or honey. These were disgusting and hard and falling apart and tasted like gross old overused oil. They were barely dusted with powdered sugar and such a dissapointment. The second time I went was Oct 2014 with my boyfriend. I bought a groupon so I thought that would be worth it since their prices are a little bit on the higher side. We had a few of their specialty drinks which were good and had a great amount of alcohol. Then we ordered Gumbo and the Ahi tuna tartare (?) for appetizers. The gumbo was below average. It didnt have very good flavor and wasnt even very warm. The tuna was even worse. It was cut kind of sloppy and jsut drenched in whatever sauce they use on it. For entrees my boyfriend got Jambalaya and I got a catfish and shrimp dish. The Jambalaya was also under-seasoned with a small amount of shrimp which was added for an additional charge. The dish I had with the shrimp was actually tasty but just too small of portions for what I paid (I think about $22). Overall, I would probably return again but only if I had a Groupon and only for the crawfish dip or tomohawk steak.
5	Been here only a couple of times, but absolutely love this place! Its so unique and different from most other restaurants, and the portion sizes are very big so everything can be shared. Also, its really close to our house, which is very convenient!
1	Had a groupon for this place. First walked in, had a sinking feeling that I was in an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. The place is so big, didn't know where to go. Hostess sat us down, place was kind of empty. More of those nightmares starting to creep in.You walk in and you already smell desperation. Not from the servers. The service was fine overall. Just that the place didn't know what it wanted to be. It's trying real hard to be fancy. Waiters with the vests, white linen, wine pairings, candles on the table, music you'd hear waiting for the weather on the 8's on the weather channel plays. It just didn't feel like it connected. This is supposed to be New Orleans style cuisine. I'm expected a party, some jazz, some energy and I got...elevator music? Kitchen....nightmares....Food. The hushpuppies were fine. Bread was old, dry and flaky. The gumbo was not good. It was microwaved as the middle was molten hot and the outside was luke warm at best. Crab inside was fishy. Hardly any sausage. The Crab Cake Elaine was a travesty. Crab Cake over seasoned AND burnt, etouffe tasted strange. The red beans and rice was the worst I've ever had, over cooked and flat out gross. Brussel sprouts came out cold. The Mac and Cheese was also Microwaved AND overcooked. Hardly resembled Mac or Cheese. Kitchen...nightmares....Spoke with waiter (Rob) and told him we were not happy with what we got. Traded mac and cheese with mashed potatoes and got the shrimp kabob appetizer instead. Waiter informed us that there was a rookie chef in the kitchen and that it was obvious that the crabcake was overcooked. Kitchen...nightmares...The mashed potatoes were okay, which is saying a lot for how this meal was going. There were bits of garlic in there, which was nice. Sucked that the mashed potatoes were still really lumpy. The shrimp kabobs were strange as well. It was obviously overcooked on one side, charred to hell. My first bite was grittier than all hell. Think that the sauce got burnt on that. The rice pilaf was better than the red beans and rice, but that's like saying the Jets right now are better than the Raiders. Ain't saying much. The rice pilaf was still overcooked and watery. Brussell sprouts again and this time i just unraveled them and they were just stone cold in the middle. Kitchen...nightmares....Before I even finished eating there, my stomach hurt. It must have known that it was going to pay too much money for this type of food. I left a comment card on there and I did tell them that I could pay $2.50 for Stouffer's and be eating that while watching Breaking Bad in my underwear. It didn't make sense to have the waiters act like this place is some high dining establishment when they can't be bothered to have decent soup or even make mac and cheese. Kitchen...nightmares...The server was nice, didn't want to send food back, but it was really the worst food I've had in a long time. It was awful. I'm so glad I tried to stick to things that would get me too sick. The rookie chef thing might be true or it could just be an excuse on why mac and cheese is getting microwaved. Whatever it is, it shouldn't be happening. Kitchen....nightmares....
1	I have been to this restaurant for sit down service and the experience had been good. Decided to use take out service for thanksgiving dinner and 180 deg change... Terrible!! Made arrangements for pickup time 24hrs before, confirmed 3 hrs before and 2 hrs after pickup time... Still no delivery. Plus I paid for the feast and got 3/10 items. Reading previous reviews en total  it's obvious the experience and service is unpredictably inconsistent. I guess if u feeling adventurous then take the risk.
3	We had a Groupon for this place so decided to try it.  The jambalaya was just ok, nothing fabulous.  The salad was extremely pricey for such a tiny serving size.  And we certainly did not appreciate the 18% gratuity added to the check for 2 people and a 6 year old.  For this main reason, we will not return.
5	Coming from Simmesport, Louisiana I am real familiar with creole, and cajun food. I have been to their competitor, Lola's and I must say that I will never go back to Lola's I was so disappointed, obviously the locals don't know what Louisiana cooking was all about in that place  (oysters as big as my pinky nail, I actually laughed out loud). So, needless to say I was skeptical when I was invited by friends to go to this place. I was pleasantly surprised, the food was great, so good that I guess that I can be considered a regular. I go home to Louisiana every 6 months for 3 weeks, and this place holds me over till I get home. Too bad that Vegas is land locked and we are unable to obtain fresh, alive an hour ago seafood, but this place is as close as you can get. Only one suggestion, instead of elevator music, play some jazz!
4	Excellent. i had the catfish with the ship creole sauce I also had the coconut martini
5	Omg .. I can't get over how good this place was .. I haven't eaten that good in a while .. The gumbo was AH-MAZING .. Everything I had was good! I think I just found my favorite place in Vegas (I've lived here for 3 years) .. The service was amazing .. From the hostess who was a gem and helped us out as we have a 13 month old, we wanted to make sure we were seated where he couldn't bother too much .. Our server was amazing as well (Eric) .. So happy we came to have dinner here last minute! Such a good find!!
3	Pretty cool place overall.  Service was good and food was reasonably good.  Price was a little higher than I would have liked but overall a fun experience.  One of the few places that serves good scallops.  Worth checking out at least once to see what you think
4	This is one my favorite spots in the city. The atmosphere is fantastic.
3	This place was confusion from the get go. Yelp says they open at 5p, when you search via Google, it says they open at 4p. We showed up at 430p, the door was open, so we went in.  A random waiter told us the lounge was open since 4p, but the kids couldn't go into the lounge due to licensing. He explained that the dining room didn't open until 5p. He leaves, doesn't take our name or anything. A party of 4 walks in as the male host walks up. He greets them & takes their name, also explains to them that the lounge opens at 4p, but the dining room opens at 5p. A lady in the party says that she saw online that they opened at 4p. I stand up & tell the host that when you search on Google, it does say that the restaurant opens at 5p. He looks at me & says, "That's Google that's not us." The lady leaves her name & leaves. The host says nothing to us, doesn't ask if we've been waiting, if we'd like to place our name, nothing.  He's on the phone taking reservations for awhile, then a female host shows up & he instructs her on where to put the dinner napkins that are laying on the host counter. 10 min later, they both return, he explains that the party of 4 is their first seating & that we (the party of 6) are the next party & are waiting in the lobby. WRONG, we were there first! But since no one else was there, we didn't make a big deal of it. The hostess seats us at 4:45p & then our dinner service was pretty ok. Appetizers came out quickly & were good. We really liked the friend calamari & slightly, spicy hush puppies. My hubby said the salmon was ok, same with the seafood pasta dish that I had. My kids both liked their kid's meals, but it was nothing spectacular. Everyone really liked the iced & sweet tea, but the winner was the strawberry lemonade. The biggest let-down was the beignets & it was the reason we found this place. My daughter had been craving beignets, since we ate the Mickey Mouse beignets at Disneyland. I searched beignets in Las Vegas & this place came up. Unfortunately, they tasted EXACTLY like toaster strudels, just without the filling. Beignets shouldn't have filling, but they definitely shouldn't taste like that, especially not when you are paying & 9 for 3 of them!  They made the ones at Disney seem like a delicacy. The service overall was pretty good, the entrees took a while to come out, probably because the appetizers came so quickly. They did get really busy, though. Our waiter was nice, but not super friendly. As we walked out, I had to say goodbye to the host.
5	Really good food, service is amazing, if you have an issue, just ask your server and they will fix the issue.
4	Some of the best crab I've ever had.  Snow crab was my second favorite crab until I ate here. The all you can eat crab Tuesdays is not your usual selection of crab. It is better than any the hotels put out.  And for $32 it has gotten very busy on Tuesdays,  so make reservations... Oh look out for Groupon deals to make the experience even better!
2	Came in here for NYE special! I made reservations a month from the event and when we got there, we have to wait 20 minutes because they have to set up a table when it's supposed to be ready right away. Anyway, I requested a table closest to the balcony but they sat us as far as possible from the balcony and facing the freaking wall! It took another 20 minutes before the waiter came to us. Their menu that day is pre made already. My boyfriend doesn't eat seafood so I had a concern because some food that was included were seafood like the crab cakes and lobster so I called the day before to ask if we can exchange the seafood into something like chicken. The host said it's ok. When we got thee the waiter said, the menu is already set up for that day and can't be changed. So I got upset because I was told something else. My bf was upset and wanted to leave! So finally he's willing to change the seafood menu . The food was great but will never come back ever again. 95% of the crowd are old people too!!!! View from the balcony is pretty though.
4	When you look at the food photos you might think over salted, but it's perfect.  We're coming back again for sure!
