4	In the world of TJ Maxx's this is a nice one. It's new and it's hidden. If you pull into the massive strip mall go straight to the back. The overall selection is good, and they carry higher end labels due to the location. The only reason I knocked it down from 5 stars to 4 was they were really lacking in their selection of home goods.The checkout line moves quickly because they have this snazzy new technology that alerts you to the next available cashier. Overall the staff was friendly and I had a great shopping experience.
3	Surprisingly, this TJ Maxx is 100x cleaner and more organized than the TJ Maxx I visit in Newark, CA. Wow! Even with the clearance blow-out, clothes are not on the ground. Everything was on a rack or shelf. Simply amazing.
4	this tj is pretty awesome. great finds here; i even found bliss bath products one otherwise unmemorable afternoon! clean and organized with helpful staff. men's selection is particularily good at this store. shoes always seem over priced whether they be men's or women's. bags, accessories and even jewelry selections are interesting and don't look like leftovers. overall, a great store with great prices. i'm definitely a fan.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite Tj's. I always seem to find stuff here whether it's clearance x-mas stuff BEFORE x-mas, clothes, lotions and shampoo, or most recently- some little valentine thingys for my honey bunch. Like somebody already said- it is waaaay cleaner than some TJ's I've been in and it's well organized. I always pop in just to see what's there and typically find at least one thing worth dragging home.
3	One of the cleanest TJ Maxx stores I've been in. I was there during a blowout sale, but they managed to keep some semblance of order, and the staff was really helpful.  Checkout was speedy despite the massive amount of people.
5	Teacher's finally  grabbing her pocketbook , her giant sized ice tea and some comfy shopping shoes  cuz  summer is finally here..how do I know ? Because  I am shopping !   Don't tell my family ..but I adore shopping.They think I shop for them , or for stuff around the house ,  oh no, that's a fallacy ...it's for the shopper's high at the end...I  jones for it.Today's scores  cool storage boxes  for dirt cheap on clearance, socks for oldest , napkins with Eiffel towers , bathing suit for youngest on clearance...man this is the life!
4	There is always good stuff to find at the Maxx.  This store is a great way to kill an hour looking for something and end up spending 10 bucks.
4	I loooove this place!!! This is my go to spot for most of my shopping needs. This location always has the best selection of the current trends. I visit this location at least once a week to keep my wardrobe fresh to death. The employees all know me by name...lol..I need a job here. This place is highly recommended!!
5	Place is super clean and very nice. Employees are nice and always smiling and always asking if you need help or not. Such a good choice for shirts and pants which I love. The dressing rooms are getting re-done and from what I saw they look like they're going to be nice so that's a plus to the store. All the little nick knacks by the registers are so nice to look at, especially if you are in a long line.
3	I enjoy this store, it's location and how well maintained it is. They have so many great selections of all sorts of items for every room and person in the family. Shoes, bags, clothes and toys and even items for pets. Great place.
5	Your delivery service is appalling to say the least. You are called the day before the delivery to be given a time frame that could fall anywhere in the course of the next day! What person has a job where you can change your schedule in that tight of a time frame? How do you schedule an appointment for a 50 story high-rise condo unit that would block out the service elevator for an entire day? Clearly you need to give the approximate two-hour time frame at the time of the scheduling process, which is the same business model that most other companies follow. Although I enjoy your furniture selection, I will never buy a piece of furniture from your business again. I will be sure to let customers know through extensive social media posts what they are getting into when they buy furniture from your store.
