5	Homemade Fudge.  Lots of flavors plus soup and sandwiches.  Wonderful food and friendly service.  All proceeds go to support compassionate ministries of the Mosaic Church in Florence.  Located in the Historic Silver King Hotel.
4	The fudge was great and the atmosphere was delightful.Clean and down to earth people I will return.
5	What a nice place with nice service and YUMMY FUDGE!  I had a really nice salad and my hostess had a great sandwich.  When we walked in the place smelled heavenly as they were baking fresh coffee cake.  To finish we were on our way to a meeting and bought a sampling of fudge --- crazy, but there was Rootbeer flavored fudge and it was amazing.  I'd love to go back and try soups in cooler weather.
2	Meh is exactly right. While the sandwich was just okay...the wait time was unacceptable. Especially at lunch. They really need to have one more person working to get orders out under 30 minutes. There were three of us and only 2 other small groups in front of us and we waited over 30 for our three sandwiches. This was at 11:15 so not even the "full" lunch rush. I try to be patient with small local owened places but this was the second time this happened and so we just won't be able to go back for lunch. As for the fudge... sadly I can't try it because the guy behind the register couldn't answer what type of oil they put in it and I have some allergies.
3	Came and got the fudge; butter pecan, peanut butter cup, and my favorite the caramel vanilla. Good service, great fudge.
2	I like to support small and local businesses so I was excited to give this place a try . I looked at the website and it describes a wide variety food and a comfortable nice environment, it was not what I expected but hey I'm game. The lady up front was very nice although she seems stressed and I can understand why after I inquired about an ingredient on a sandwich and the lady behind her, I'm assuming the owner, kind of snapped the answer back to me . I almost waited for her head to spin and green stuff to spew out of her mouth she seemed to annoyed that I could ask a question. I hqd mentioned to the nice lady that I saw the website, ( it states that if you mention the website you were offered $1 off a whole sandwich) but before the nice lady or I can even continue a sentence, the rude lady interrupted and pointed to a sign and said we don't do that anymore we haven't done it in two years. I suggested that they remove it from their website and she snapped yet again that they couldn't, I'm sorry that was definitely my fault  and I deserved to be snapped at. I almost cancelled my at that point. I did mention to the nice lady that i thought that that lady was rude. The service was slow the sandwich was ok nothing I couldn't recreate at home as it was nothing spectacular. I could care less about a coupon but I do expect a correction being done in a more diplomatic manner . A simple explanation with a smile could have made me a return customer. I'd like to review the fudge but I can't as I didn't want to reward her with any more of my hard earned money in the service industry.
