5	Citadelle's Twilight Farmers Market started up after their summer break a few weeks back.  They are open Wednesday evenings from 4 - 7pm (until sometime in May).  I went last week for the first time, and back again yesterday since it was so good.  Most farmer's markets I've been to in Phoenix are generally lame.  Mainly because there are 50% or more booths that are selling things like jewelry, knick-knacks or other things that to me belong more at a craft show than a farmer's market.  This one, however, is almost all food (the only booth I noticed, other than information, that wasn't food was a table for one of the stores in the plaza).  Two or three produce vendors, depending on the week, farm fresh eggs, grass-fed beef, bbq sauce, cider, granola, tamales, etc. etc.  My favorite though is the dairy guys with the fresh cheese curds.  You'd think you were eating a mouse the way these things squeek!  Definitely fresher than the ones at Trader Joes.I am a huge fan of this farmer's market, and am sure all be back plenty of times over the fall/winter.  My only minor complaint is that they advertise as Arizona's only farmer's market under the stars...since I pretty sure that the Downtown Market goes on Wednesday night and there is a farmer's market now at Norterra (sucked...see above about non food vendors), it's not even remotely true.  4.9 stars, rounded up!
5	I couldn't agree with you more about the quality of the Twilight farmers Market.  Lots of local produce, dairy, free range eggs and meat, as well as locally harvested honey and oils, and great artisan breads and pastries.  The setting at Citadelle Plaza is beautiful, and a great place to stroll and people watch.  My favorite routine is to shop the market and then grab a bite at Corbin's or sit on the patio at Tutti Santi.  Thank goodness the West Valley has a farmers market we can be proud of.  Now we just have to keep it alive by supporting it on Wednesday nites.
4	It isn't the biggest and it doesn't always the best selection, but Citadelle Plaza Farmers Market is still a great place to shop. It seems like the novelty of when it first opened over the summer has worn off some of the vendors has dropped off. The Plaza itself is beautiful and slowly filling in with some nice businesses. If you're in the area, I'd highly recommend hitting the market. If you're not, there's probably a farmers market near you that'll get the job done.
4	Love that there is a farmers market on this side of town. Trying to eat more locally.  Have been very happy with everything we have bought from the different vendors. My fav are the kale, and heirloom tomatoes
4	Reasons why I love this market: It's close to my houseIt's not on a Saturday morningVendors are always so friendlyIt's never crowdedCompared to other markets, there aren't many vendors.  It works for me because it has the basics I always get: fresh herbs, eggs, tea & tamales. I'd love to see more produce but all in all, I think this is a really great little market.
