5	I was surprised when I didn't even see these guys on Yelp! This place use to be called Perley Tire, but changed owners I guess. For the most part it has the been same  guys I've been dealing with even before they changed names. Mostly I have dealt with Eric since I started going there 3 years ago. Anyways these guys are great. They are really down to earth, reasonable, and helpful. Eric is awesome and always takes the time to explain everything. One big repair I had done a few years ago he saved the old part so I could see it when I picked up my car. I also ask a lot of questions and like explanations and they never rush me or act like it's an annoyance to have to explain the inner workings of my car. They only do what is actually needed and never try to pressure you into stuff that isn't actually necessary. They are very fair in terms of pricing as well. They even stayed a little late one evening so I could come get my car after work.
1	I have never been so shocked or disappointed in what I call horrible service and the old bait and switch routine.  I contacted the store twice to get the specific pricing on 2 tires and an oil change.  I was quoted $414 by a rep and by Frank the owner.  Please note I have grown up in the automotive industry and know exactly what questions to ask and did so.  I was very detailed.  When I took my car in for service I was told the price was $466.  I explained that I had a the information written down at home.  I went and got the prices and upon reviewing my written information the owner Frank told me I was wrong.  He tried to tell me the quote he gave me was the price I was quoted by Walmart.  I asked him to let me call Walmart with him so I could prove the pricing they gave me is what he was saying was theirs.  He refused of course. I did get upset at this point because my money is super tight and I am on a strict budget and asked him why I would lie about the information he gave me.  He basically lost his temper and told me to f@$k off.  As I was walking out the door, he called me a dumb a@!.  I came home and before writing this review called Walmart to confirm what I already knew and was accurate in my details.  I would never ever do business with them period.  I have never been treated this way even in any dispute with a company especially by the owner.
5	I have to say that the service and the people at this place have been a dream to deal with!!  It is so hard to find good trustworthy company with good mechanics and T&E has come through for for me on several occasions. It's the best place to take my car to and I will continue to use them for all my car care needs. The owner Frank and his manager Felix are professional and courteous.I recommend this place to everyone I know.Thanks T&E for saving me $ and getting my car back on the road so quickly!! Again!!
5	I was referred to this service center by a friend, and I had take a newly purchased car there for some maintenance.  The entire staff was very friendly, and one of them even gave me a ride back to my house while they worked on the car.  They put some new tires on the car, but they didn't fit quite right, and would scrape from time to time, and because I hadn't be able to get back over there as quickly as I should have, I ended up doing some significant damage to the tires themselves.  When I took it back yesterday to tell them about the issues I was having, they took the time to find tires that would fit properly, and only charged me the difference in cost between the old ones and new ones, along with a few other small things like fixing a seat belt issue I had and a couple of smaller things that had been bugging me but weren't critical.These guys definitely earned my trust and all future business.  I would recommend them to anyone, and I grabbed some business cards on the way out to give to anyone I knew who had a need for service in the future.
