4	now break breadMemories of Montreal. Did you know the best empanadas come out of this city. Of course I had one. Still perfect. So I took a dozen to go. I posted them here on Yelp if you're an empanada fan... Thanks to the sister's friend, Greenthumbs, I also ate at Lola Rosa. A vegetarian bistro in the plateau that I likely would not have found without him.  Lola Rosa is easily described as a non-vegetarian's favourite vegetarian restaurant. I am an insatiable and unforgiving carnivore and I liked this restaurant...surprisingly, a lot. They have the cutest terrace, and the service is warm and pleasant.They don't have a big menu but it's diverse and almost everything can be made vegan or gluten-free. It's really well-priced and above all, it's delicious. My fellow carnivore Cracker loved it, as did our vegetarian, Piripiri.Demi nachos - Colourful and tastyLasagna - everything on the plate - delightful - from the salad and vinaigrette to the spinach bechamel (at least that's what I think it was...)
4	As good as it gets!Had their vegan purine...I want to learnhow to do it at home! I knew the one on Milton, but love the space and decoration on Ave du Parc.To be discovered!
3	Great food. Bad service. Took a while for them to give us menus and food took longer than usual so be prepared to wait. Food is delicious. Can get really crowded/noisy at times.
4	How good is Lola Rosa? Let's just say that I've met carnivores who would recommend it. The menu is pretty simple and straightforward, but has something for everyone. Personal favourites are the poutine and the nachos. But be warned, the large nacho plate is enough to feed a small army. Seriously, we got one between three people and were barely able to finish. Granted, we each had a small poutine first, but that besides the point. Anyway, I can't recommend this place enough. Check it out!
4	Vegetarian or not, your will love this place!They serve reinvented classics as well as unique vegetarian et vegan dishes. I could pick randomnly anything on the menu and be happy!The service is not always impeccable, but always very friendly!I highly recommend this place to anyone!
4	Lovely little vegetarian restaurant ! Great drinks. I had the bourbon lemonade. We were three and all the drinks were great. The burrito and hemp burger are the best on the menu. The green curry is great too. Not too spicy. I only wish that they offered more gluten free and vegan desserts. As well as a gluten free bread for the burger. But overall good and good prices.
4	Had a breezy lunch date here. I had the Rosa salad. Husband had the hemp burger with fries and salad. Had the vegan chocolate cake for dessert and he had the berry cheesecake. The salad was a definitely get again. They easily made it vegan by taking off the feta. Good salad with delicious maple dressing. Loved the combo of banana peppers, kalamata olives, chickpeas - will be duplicating it at home. The chocolate cake was a disappointment. LOTS of raspberry sauce covered up the basic chocolate cake with a single walnut on top. Wish the cake had been something a little more than what was essentially a sheet cake piece with too much sauce. Wish I had tried the chocolate tart.
3	I've been to their original location on Milton dozens of times, so I thought I knew what to expect... The menu here is quite different from the other location, so much so that any of the dishes I normally order are all absent.Gaveg the spinach lasagna a try... Mostly cheese, lacking and discernible texture, really needs garlic bread or something with crunch... Otherwise it's just mush.Tasted OK, but the texture was a real turn off- wouldn't get it again.
4	Went there last night and really enjoyed it. I love meat, but I'm open to the occasional vegetarian meal if the flavour is good.Started with the half nachos and small poutine. The nachose were excellent! The salsa, guacamole and sour cream were fresh and tasty, the chips had a good crunch, and the cheese helped keep it all together. The poutine tasted like a poutine. The fries were fresh and had that rustic feel to them, the cheese had squeaky goodness, and the gravy was thick and rich.I had the hempburger for my main and the burger itself was delicious. I love a good burger, so I was surprised by the very familiar flavour. The texture of the patty is off, but that's to be expected. The flavours were spot on, though, with a good BBQ feel to it. The salad that comes with it was nice, but I really wasn't a fan of the fries. They must be different than the ones in the poutine, because these started out okay on first bite but the more you chewed, it started to get a grainy texture to it. I was so full by then that I didn't finish the fries and was so satisfied by the meal that I didn't care.I really wanted to try dessert - the brownie with ice cream looked amazing - but I was too full. Maybe next time.I had a cocktail with two kinds of rum and mango juice. It was a bit small, but delicious.Overall, I was really happy about the meal. The environment and service was also great. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone, and not just vegetarians. I'll be back!
4	Food here, while vegetarian, will leave most omnivores or carnivores satisfied.The vegetarian burger is very flavorful and the accompanying chickpea flour fries are definitely interesting and delicious!Their poutine is also good and you have the choice between cheese or a vegan alternative. Finally, the ambience is really nice and I suggest you try their showcase beer! It changes (each few weeks or each month?)!
3	While a non-vegetarian, I can appreciate good vegetarian food and this restaurant has some. My daughter had the coconut, broccoli with dill soup and loved it; I had the hemp burger and found it wholly satisfying and tasty. The chick pea fries were interesting but a but tasteless like eating puffed air. The half nachos starter was excellent and quite substantial. Good though small beer list (I had the local Alchemiste IPA and liked its bitter hoppiness). The Mac and Cheese was a little disappointing-didn't think the artichoke hearts really worked. Needed more cheese, and a bit of cream would not have hurt. The poutine started out looking good but quickly ended up looking like brown mush-more crispiness needed in the fries.Service was cheerful but hodge podge, meals coming out at different times (though we were a large group). Pretty long wait before first drinks were brought out. No salt or pepper on the tables (and some of the dishes could have used some salt). The atmosphere was young. Probably perfect for the college/University vegetarian crowd.
5	Loved this place! Went last night with lovely friends who live nearby. I am visiting from L.A. and always excited to try vegan friendly restaurants wherever I go. This restaurant is very cute and cool with orange/red decor and great artwork. I don't know if the artwork rotates but last night there were some large paintings of iconic rock stars. Paul McCartney and Jimi Hendrix were staring at us all night. We had a bottle of wine with dinner which included the quesadilla, tagine, vegi burger and green curry. I had the tagine which was absolutely delicous and flavorful! I loved all the spices in it and the green chutney that it was served with had the right amount of kick. For dessert I had the banana chocolate cake which was very rich and satisfying. Terrific place, great atmosphere, lovely service. I can't wait to go back before I go back home to L.A. Oh yes, we loved the little notes that we found in the drawers. We made sure to leave a message behind. :)
5	Loveeeee Love Love this place!I've ordered delivery from here before but this was my first time actually going to the place, and I loved it!I always get the Nachos because they are so dreamy and amazing. You can get them just vegetarian, or you can get them vegan (with Daiya!).What I love LOVEEEE about this place is when you sit at the tables, they have these little draws you can go through. People have added pieces of paper with things written on them. I love just sitting there waiting for my meal and reading all these papers. Also it feel awesome when you can contribute something!The day I went they had a special vegan banana chocolate tart and omg, it was the best thing in the entire world!I highly recommend this place!
5	Of the vegeterian places I've tried in Montreal, this is one is definitely one of the ones on the top of my list - I'm especially in love with the hemp burger!Sadly, that also means I have not wanted to order anything else yet :/
5	This is one of my favourite places in Montreal. I live right behind it so it is very convenient! I think the staff is starting to recognize me I come so much! First of all, THE LOLA NACHOS! These are amazing! They are perfect for sharing (especially the full size...HUGE) and they are so very delicious! I have gotten them so many times and my friends love them too. The soups of the days are always enjoyable. My favourite thus far has been the sweet potato soup! So tasty! I could drink that stuff! The Lola Salad is really good although sometimes I've gotten it with a bit too many peppers for my liking. The dressing is yummy and the avocado and chick peas with the essence of the olive is delightful!  The burrito is pretty good but honestly I'd rather go with the nachos if I'm in the mood for something like that because they're better. I have yet to try the poutine, but I've tried the sweet potato fries. Pretty good. They are mixed with golden fries. I liked them but wasn't amazed by them. The brownie with ice cream was okay. Not as good as I was expecting but hit the spot for chocolate cravings. The ambiance is awesome! All of the tables are little desks and you can open the drawers and leave notes inside and read other people's notes. So fun! There are also several books. And there is a bar too if you are into that. You can order take out too just walk up to the bar and order. I think they also deliver. Sometimes they get really busy so a reservation on a weekend evening is not a bad idea. Awesome place! Great food! Happy me.
4	We had a delightful meal here! The atmosphere is chill and interesting. The menu is intriguing with a wide variety of flavor profiles. For an appetizer I got the poutine. I got the couscous tagine for my main dish. It was awesome - veggies, banzos and homemade seitan. It came with a special sauce that was refreshing and spicy at the same time. At the end of our evening we noticed the table we were sitting at had drawers. Inside were treasures! Former guests had written notes and left them behind, including words of wisdom, love stories, truths revealed, etc. Such a fun touch to end our evening at Lola Rosa!!
5	As a carnivore, the idea of a Vegetarian restaurant is head-scratching...I went there backward...But the dishes were so great, tasty, fulfilling, with delicious margaritas, I am so looking forward to go back!I heard from the owner they would open in LA soon: I can't wait!
