5	Once upon a time I wrote a Yelp about wanting to get the F outta dodge and using Arizona Vital Records to acquire my birth certificate. At the time, it was really just a grandiose idea and I really just wanted a passport because I thought it would make me seem cool.Let me tell you a little something about Nachos (nutshell: law of attraction) my friends: Anything you want, you can have.  I was lucky enough to study the art of Nachos under its founder, Dallas G. and I think I have mastered this art. Case in point... Not even two weeks after receiving my birth certificate in the mail, my company gets notification that we won an incredibly prestigious awards and the prize is a trip to The Cayman Islands and I am jet setting in three weeks. (feel free to congratulate me)After about fifteen minutes of crazy jumping, squealing, and screaming, I realize, "Oh shit, I don't have a passport!!" So I research like a madwoman and call around to seven different places trying to find a place to submit my expedited app and low-and-behold, this lovely post office is the only place in the greater Phoenix area that has an appointment within the next two weeks.This story is growing long and boring, so I will jump to the point... they got me and my sister in next day, got our pictures taken, our passport applications expedited and did so with a completely unfamiliar air of friendliness you don't find very often with the good 'ol USPS.The postal line was quick, the dude who helped us made a very funny joke about his co-worker needing to stay in for lunch so she didn't melt in the rain, and I get my passport within the 3 week deadline I have! Hmmmm... I wonder if they have Yelp in The Caymans.... 5 Stars!
4	Clean, cool, well stocked, friendly and polite staff. I don't know if there is anything more to ask for in a post office. I usually go early in the morning (9am to about 11am) or in the evening (7pm). I have noticed so early morning rushes, but one of the postal workers always opens a second or third register to help with the flow, although it might take a while. I wish they were open at 8, so I could just walk over before the day gets too hot, but there is a decent sized parking lot for the times you just half to drive.I did not inquire about PO boxes, but they have a ton of space and I'm sure the rates are reasonable.
4	Ive never seen this location super busy (which is nice). The counter people are very helpful and nice and try and get you in and out of there as quickly as possible.
1	Have been here multiple times, and they are usually pretty nice. Came in to get my passport renewed and I didn't know I needed to make appointment. The lady let me know and then proceeded to roll her eyes, very rude! So I came back in on my appointment day, the lady asked me what I was here for and then made me wait while she got other customers. I have an appointment and there is someone else there to help customers and it's not even busy! All in all it's usps, what do u expect, it's not going to get better.
1	Worst service imaginable. They've really screwed up my mail multiple times. I wish I could change who delivers my mail!
1	Very bad customer service. Needed to tape an envelope, the other post office on Southern will tape for free and are very courteous. The older lady I had was very insistent they don't tape here. After explaining I had very little money and these documents were very important to mail she was just very unhelpful. Plus the package I mailed was used  but I always reuse packages as long as you black out previous mail bar codes it generally is fine. She just questioned everything and made the whole ordeal very difficult. I left upset without my mail delivered, went to the grocery store for free tape. Will go to other post office tomorrow.
3	Its a post office in a crappy ghetto location thats all
