4	4.5 stars...Shopping for a bathing suit in off-season in AZ is challenging.  #1 - it's tough to find a decent selection.  Most department stores have a very limited stock and Target doesn't even sell them until January.  #2 - bathing suit shopping is never fun especially during holiday season when workouts get cut short and holiday parties with endless amounts of food and drinks replace them.So, I was on a mission to find a new bathing suit for an upcoming vacation and I was not looking forward to it.  A friend of mine suggested 'Exquisite Swimwear' so I decided to check it out.  I'd seen the cute bathing suits in the window before but this was my first time going in.I received a warm welcome when I entered the store and later learned that the owner (Pauline) was who it came from.  I looked around on my own first and admired all the cute suits, accessories, cover ups, and more... then I felt a bit overwhelmed so I asked for her help.  When I told Pauline what styles and colors I prefer, she pulled a bunch of suits for me to try on... I narrowed it down to two suits and she was very honest in telling me which one she liked better.  (I hate it when you are shopping and the person helping you is not honest!)Needless to say, I walked out with a new suit, so it was a productive trip... I was impressed with the store, the selection, and even the fact that in the dressing rooms, they offer disposable panties to try on suits with... of course the suits have hygienic liners as well, but this was an added bonus.  I was tempted by the clothing, headbands, sandals, and more, but I was on a mission for a bathing suit, so that's what I got!I totally recommend Exquisite Swimwear to anyone looking for a new bathing suit.  It's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for... designer, good quality swimwear, great selection, and service too.  As I said before, bathing suit shopping is not fun for most of us, but Pauline made it a very pleasant experience for me.  Now onto my next mission, get some suntan on this pale skin of mine :)
1	I will never shop as this business again. They do not do returns only exchanges within 7 days and instead of being told that simply is company policy I was told it was because they are bathing suits and it was due to hygiene. I am not sure how it differs if I return a bathing suit vs. exchange a bathing suit they are still getting a RETURNED bathing suit???? I asked the clerk after I exchanged it what will she now do with the bathing suit I just exchanged, she answered she doesn't know. It was the most frustrating experience ever, so now I have a mediocre overpriced bathing suit for the season I cannot wait! I was so frustrated I left there leaving my credit on the exchanged product because I never want to step foot in the store again.
4	Absolutely love this store! And you can bring them any suit for a Brazilian sew-in for $10 and back in a few days
4	Bathing suit shopping can be really un-fun...but not this time! I was shopping while on vacation in AZ and was super happy with the great customer service and selection.I started with several one piece suits to try on, and Betsey made multiple trips to the rack to bring more to the fitting room. She was really upbeat and helpful, like shopping with a friend. I appreciated her suggestions for styles I hadn't considered, and her honest input regarding fit...I got a suit I really love, it's great quality and I feel very confident and comfortable wearing it.
1	They should rename this store to everything but tops! What a waste of time. They had no matching bikini sets. Service was terrible! I had to interrupt the owner & employee's conversation just to get an explanation of their ridiculous rack organization. "Sorry to bother you, but can I get your help?" I'll never be back!
