3	Okay, Pure Fitness....Here goes.I love you because you are close to my house and relatively cheap. I love you because you are almost always clean, and there is usually plenty of machines to get my work-out on. I love you because you are open 24 hours (even though i never utilize it..) and you have a lot of aerobics classes. I love you because you have a nice locker room and a healthy amount of magazines to choose from. I love you because at least 70% of your members are fatter than me, and that makes me feel good about myself. I love you because you are not chock-full of meatheads who feel the need to grunt and scream like a bear in heat while lifting weights. I hate you because you have really annoying staff. The only two trainers I've had there that I LIKED have either left or been let go (I don't know which). I hate you because you don't let me keep my lock on a locker over night. I hate you because when I am walking out, all sweaty and disgusting, you try and stop me to sell me something else! wtf? I already give you my $21 each month!! I hate you because half the time when I get back to my car, you have put some sort of promo crap on my windshield. But most of all, pure fitness, I HATE your front desk girls. They make me want to stab my eyes out with their chipper squealing and incessant giggling. I realize they are supposed to be up-beat or whatever, but MY GOD do they really need to scream the songs on the radio in their nasal-y voices so loud that I can hear them on the treadmill?? And do they REALLY need to whine their hello's and goodbye's? Oh yeah, and do you guys really need to come over the intercom to make private, inside jokes so the entire gym understands you are cool?Clearly, pure fitness, I have a love/hate relationship with you.
4	Should I start by saying I despise going to the gym? Ontop of that I had a crap experience at the 32nd St/Greenway location (see that review).. But I must say I am very happy here. You get 2 Personal Fitness consults when you join and they put me with Alison. #1 Its a good idea to put someone with your frame but in better shape than you..its like working out with the future you. lol She was cute and bubbly and she pushed me, wrote down the number of every machine, the number my seat was, the weight, the reps and sets on my little blue card. The purpose of this is so when you come in on your own, you can grab your card and easily find the machines you need and the settings without having to spend a bunch of time trying to figure it out again. LA Fitness and Golds Gym will NEVER pay this much attention to you unless you are paying for the Personal Trainer pkg! Pure Fitness just seems more invested in their clients. They do try to encourage you to utilize their personal trainers by buying one on one time but it's not an overbearing hard sell. The prices are fantastic though. At least half of the other 2 gyms I mentioned. I hate gyms but I can't complain about this one, not at all.
5	Pure Fitness Arrowhead has literally changed my life. I joined in January of this year. I was 286 pounds, and had never had any success sticking with a diet or exercise regimen for any amount of time. That has all changed!The first great help on my road to success was the two free beginning consultations, where I learned how to use the different machines and how to work out. Then, the gym's owner Jose personally helped me set up a meal plan. Next, I decided to join the Fitness Challenge which started in the middle of January. That was where I really took off. The challenge lasted two months, over which I managed to lose 50 pounds! I received help not just from my trainer, but from all the trainers. It was amazing. I ended up winning the challenge, which was one of the happiest days of my life!Pure Fitness Arrowhead offers tons of classes, many of which I take. My favorites are the PurePT training sessions, Saturday Seminars, and the monthly boot camps. The thing that keeps me coming in to Pure Fitness Arrowhead is the people, however. Jose knows my name and checks in on my progress. Robert never misses an opportunity to say hello. My trainer Isaac pushes me harder than I've ever been able to do alone. Cameron pulls out all of the stops when he teaches his classes. EVERYONE who is employed there is friendly and approachable. I've been to other gyms and floundered on my own, been ignored by the staff, and have been charged way too much.Fast forward to today, where I have currently lost 92 pounds. I know that I will reach my goals, and they'll be there to keep me on the right track. I would and have recommended this club to everyone (most of my family has joined since I started). You can't go wrong here!
5	Here's an update! I just completed my second fitness challenge and won! Now down 110 pounds since January. Still loving the people and the place. Keep up the great work!
1	I loved the classes - however - when you quit, prepare yourself for an epic battle to stop paying.  After fulfilling my 2 year contract, I cancelled my membership in person.  I signed all forms, dotted all i's, crossed all t's.  My credit card continued being billed.  I called, I came in, I disputed with my CC company - still kept being billed.  I am still fighting to stop being sucked dry of $24 each month for a gym that I can no longer use since I am not a member!  Biggest.  scam.  ever.
