3	A decent place to hang out on weekend mornings. Decent coffee, tasty bagels, and so-so bagel sandwiches. I've tried several of their sandwiches and been disappointed, but I'd still recommend this location overall. Try the upstairs seating; it's divine.
5	I love Bruegger's. I'm a member of their "Bottomless Mug Club" which costs about $150 for the year and entitles me to unlimited free beverages for a year. Many times your receipt includes a survey to get a dollar-off coupon.Prepared bagels and sandwiches are a bit pricey but there are a lot of coupons and promotions available. The "Last Night's Bagels" are a great deal and if toasted, taste almost fresh.
4	I frequented Bruegger's a lot in my childhood and I still do so I have a soft spot for this place. Bruegger's offers a selection of bagels, sandwiches, soups and salads. The Bruegger's on S Aiken does a great job in preparation. If you're not getting a simple bagel with cream cheese, the items are about 6-9 bucks but the quality is worth it. They actually mix all of the components of your salad in a bowl before they put it in a container whereas other locations will just put the fixings on top with dressing on the side. I have enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches, signature bagel sandwiches and salads. I haven't had their paninis and their coffee is just a-ok which I'd go elsewhere for that.Surprisingly they have wi-fi though I have never seen anybody studying/working with a laptop. This location is nice in that it has a whole upstairs to eat your food but the configuration of entering and ordering doesn't make sense to me. When you enter the store, the cash registers are in front of you and then off to the right is where you order. They have a big ORDER sign in wooden letters above the counter where you order but I just noticed it. Hopefully I am not the only one!
3	Let it be known that I am the biggest Bruegger's fan ever.  I've been a pretty steady once-a-weeker since childhood.After all that...This is the worst Bruegger's ever.  I always think: Oh, I'm close by and it'll be fine this time.  Nope.  The staff is awful.  The bagel are stale.  The staff is so awful they don't know that the bagels are stale.Protect your brand, Bruegger's, and get a new staff for this location.
3	Haven't been to a Brueggers in years.  This one has a great location and is probably one of the only fast service style restaurants in Walnut Street area.  While I was here I just had a simple everything bagel toasted w/cream cheese.  It hit the spot.  Still as good as I remember them.
4	The number of bagel stores in Pittsburgh has declined over the last five to ten years, but thank God for Brueggers.  It's the one place in Pittsburgh where I feel as though I'm getting authentic New York style bagels.  And it's one of the last bagel shops in Pittsburgh to serve SALT bagels.  Yea, I know they're bad for me, but they are so damn tasty!  The staff is quick but friendly.  The selection can be thin if you get there after 9.00a but I certainly prefer limited options to bagels that might not be as fresh.
4	The staff is very friendly at this location. I love the create your own salad option, and the produce is always fresh. Skinny bagels have become quite the trend, and Brueggers does it justice. At times, the coffee can be mediocre, but the bagels are always fresh, and Brueggers really is a Pittsburgh staple. A skinny zesty egg white breakfast sandwich is the perfect way to go for a lite breakfast.
4	As much as I typically avoid bigger industry-type chains, I've always enjoyed stopping in here while hanging out in Shadyside. It's at the perfect location at the end of Walnut (though technically on Aiken) to grab something on your way into Shadyside or on your way out. I walked in today and the manager greeted me sweetly. I just picked up a bag of day-old bagels (who can beat a bag of 6 for less than 3 bucks?) and a soda, and the woman was nice enough to offer a free bag of bagels to me! I don't even care if they had to get rid of them by the end of the afternoon, it was an incredibly nice gesture which almost guarantees a stop in the next time I need a quick breakfast or lunch sometime soon. Great upstairs area with Wifi (though limited outlets) to eat and work.
1	Pamela is a bad representation of this location! Attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this "employee." I will not return.
1	I was really excited the day after new years to get a bagel with my best friends I traveled all the way from Milwaukee to see. Upon arrival, the place was pretty busy with people who obviously frequented the establishment often. We don't have many Bruegger's in Wisconsin so it was my first time here and it was not an enjoyable experience to say the least.It began by me placing my order and asking for my sandwich without the tomato spread. The worker actually interrupted me mid sentence to ask which bagel. I politely stated my preference and moved along. The older gentlemen working the cash register asked what we got. I said what bagel and my boyfriend also asked for 2 hazelnut coffees. The cashier responded with, K..... I asked okay? and he responds with, I need to know what size.... I shrugged it off and was like well whatever maybe he's bummed to be working on new years.Then, when I get my bagel it has the tomato spread on it, which I politely asked for it without, yet was interrupted. The man literally says, "Ma'am I don't know what you actually ordered and TOMATO is different than TOMATO SPREAD. Like I'm sorry... WHAT?! the sandwich comes with only one kind of tomato.. pretty sure that's impossible to get confused with. I tried so hard to not say a big screw you too. He made a huge deal about the whole thing and if he wasn't so rude when we were paying I probably would've shrugged it off. I had too much pride though.THEN, he comes up to me and says MA'AM just so you know you were over charged because you ordered incorrectly. You shouldn't do that next time. K. Maybe if you took the time for decent customer service and realize we obviously have never been to a Bruegger's.And to put this into perspective, I worked at a breakfast place last year on new years day and not once did I feel the need to be that rude to anyone. It sucks but it's not my fault....
