5	I love this place.  They are so friendly and helpful, and that is a rarity for a bike shop.  Just this Saturday, I was using their pump in front of their place to blow my tires up (because I'm too lazy to carry my own pump down to the street and then back up again... I know) when I accidentally snapped the valve because I wasn't paying enough attention.  This ruined the tube, of course, so I went in to buy a tube and a tire lever.  Now, if you've read my other reviews of bike shops, you might know that I can get a little defensive and grouchy when the bike shop people treat me like an idiot.  I think this is justified.  So when I forgot the name of the tire lever and described it in what might have been the most idiotic possible fashion, I really really appreciated that the woman who was helping me wasn't condescending, quickly figured out that I was going to change the tube myself, offered me their tools so I didn't have to buy my own, happily sold me what I wanted, and then, when I asked for a paper towel, offered me use of their sink and degreaser.Thumbs up for JR.
2	Ok where to begin with this mess- I go in to fix my brakes and fix a flat I had to leave it there from Thursday all the way to Monday and mind you I left my phone number with them too. Then I call on Monday to ask when I can come get it and the guy tells me that they havnt started because they need to realign a wheel and had to wait all these fing days for me to call as opposed to calling me so then it turns out that aligning one measly wheel was gonna cost me $80 so I told them to just fix the flat and give me my damn bike back he says fine it'll be about $7. I go in to pick it up and he charges me $12 I was sooooo exasperated with the shitty ass service by then that I just took my bike and left. The one plus is that they all are very friendly and nice and personable and they speak both French and English but never again will I go back.
4	This bike shop is perfect for someone like me. A daily bike commuter in Montreal especially in the areas around the mountain and sometimes through the mountain.It's by a main bike path in the Plateau area of Montreal. They have a free air pump outside the shop. They are very, very busy during biking season so servicing can take longer than the usual 'within 24 hours' but that's normal. They are friendly and they do a heck of a job tuning up a bike.I bought a second hand Giant last year and never did a tune up until this summer after using the bike daily even during the winter except for the coldest and snowiest days. My bike was pretty good and was very reliable but after having it serviced by this shop I feel like I have a brand new bike and has made my daily commute so much more enjoyable!!Thanks to James for being really cool and for having a great staff.
