4	The lady at the front desk of the Marriott Courtyard pointed us in the direction of Fuego, warning, "It's a hole in the wall, but you'll like it." As we approach the entrance, there is a sign stating, "The management reserves the right to refuse service." Good start.Inside, it's a bar with tables along the back wall. Good news is the food is excellent! We had the usual chips & salsa, both red & green, plus an appetizer of Queso, the thick cheese swimming with anaheim or similar chiles. My main dish was the Chimi Plate, including Green, rice & beans. Inside the chimi was grilled, sliced steak. Very tasty.Fuego had good, inexpensive Mexican fare in a hole in the wall kinda way.
3	The food was good and tasty.  We both had chicken taco salads.  The salads were pretty massive with all the fixing.  I wouldn't recommend the ranch it taste like hidden valley which means its not homemade.  There was a ton of meat in my salad which i liked because it filled me up.  The chips and salsa were fresh.  The salsa was tasty.  I give it a three star based on value and atmosphere.  While it is a bar and grill from the outside it looks trendy and cool.  On this inside however its mostly just a bar.  The food and drinks were pretty pricey also.  They overcharge for drinks like most places do which if they would put them at a decent price this place would be a great mexican place on the westside.  Overall I would probably give it another chance but we will see.
2	I wouldn't go here by myself or with a date on a Friday/Saturday night, definitely bring backup. Not the most quality crowd but the service was good.
5	Great place for food and to socialize..
2	Food was decent. Atmosphere was not as expected, more of a unfriendly bar than a restaurant.
2	More of a bar atmosphere than a restaurant, which was unexpected. The patrons in there were so loud and annoying I didn't even want to order. There's 2 kinds of salsa, and the green is the edible of the two. The red is just downright nasty. The chimi combo is nothing to brag about. On top of being in a sketchy area, I'll never go again.
5	Awesome place great food great atmosphere. I will definitely be back. Try to carnitas burrito if you happen to come by. Bartenders are awesome!
2	I'm drunk but I feel that I have a duty to rate this place! Tex-Mex hip hop! This place is not a regular hang for me but when I do stop in it seems to be very "dude heavy", the music always seems to be to loud and you have to yell at the person sitting across from you. I'm not really feeling this place!
1	Oh how I wish I didn't have to give them a star. It was so loud we left without ordering. The echo just maximized the hysterical shrieking from the hyena in the front. There was no place to escape that terrible screaming that actually frightened my son and made him cry. I wouldn't go there again if someone offered to buy my drinks all night. This place says bar and grill out front, it would be better served to just say bar. It is a dive! We stopped because it looks like a restaurant, it's not. The manager was no use, the place was not clean and we didn't stay even long enough to get our drinks. I will never go there again.
1	Very nasty, plain and bland food.  Very rude staff. The owner is the worse.   Not a family place at all.   It's all a bar atmosphere.  Loud, awful music and dim lighting.  If you're thinking Fuego, save your money and go to Frys and get some frozen Mexican food.  It will taste better.
4	We came here because we bought a Restaurant.com certificate. The food was decent. The server was very friendly. It is a bar with tables and they have a number of TVs.
