3	I'll start off by saying our cake and other desserts were delicious and our guests loved them.  We received many compliments.  We also got a lot for our money.  However, customer service and organization was lacking.  I never received a copy of our contract.  In the chaos of the last 3 weeks of wedding planning, I forgot to call them to check on my final payment.  I got a rude call from Linda on a Saturday evening (5 or 6 pm) letting me know I was late and she wouldn't accept a check since it wouldn't clear before the wedding.  Excuse me?  Not clear?  I took as an insult and an accusation as possibly writing a bad check.  Also, we ordered a cake topper, paid for it, but it didn't make it to the reception.
5	I got my son's first birthday cake here and it was delicious. Better still, they made him a "smash cake"-- a mini version we could let him go to town on. I thought that was just fantastic.
4	Signature Desserts is my favorite local bakery. The prices are reasonable and the desserts are always delicious. We purchased the wedding cake package for our wedding. The wedding cake was amazing. We had a 3 layer white cake with chocolate fudge between one layer and fresh strawberries with banana cream between the other layer. In addition to the wedding cake, the package includes cookies, 5 extra specialty cakes and chocolate covered strawberries. All of which are delicious.The only negative criticism I have is that the cake design did not turn out as glamorous and classy as I had pictured it in my head. However, I developed the design. If I would have went with one of the designs that they suggested, I'm confident that it would have looked better. The package also includes a mini ou wedding cake topper for your one year anniversary. Therefore, there is no need to freeze your cake topper and eat dried out cake for your anniversay. I loved our wedding cake so much, I'm having my husband order one for the birth of our first child, due in two weeks.  In addition to a great deal for your wedding, Signature Desserts has awesome speciality cakes for birthdays, dinner parties or any excuse I can come up with! My favorite is th death by chocolate and the apple/carmel walnut which I believe is only available in the fall.  In addition, their chocolate covered strawberries are always fresh and available most times of the year.
5	Made our first purchase and will be visiting many more times.  We purchased the fruit tart and the carmel, apple walnut cake.  The tart was great and we cant wait to try the cake on Thanksgiving.
5	Wonderful selection of treats and great friendly staff. They catered the deserts and cake for my wedding and everything went terrific from selecting deserts and cake style with my wife (i sure had no clue!)  to the delivery to the venue on our day . . . and the fun part - eating all their delicious deserts. Just loved those cupcakes and so did all our guests! thanks
5	The staff is always very friendly and helpful every time I call/pop in  I just ordered a very last minute cake for my daughter's birthday and they had it ready to go and it was perfect and tasted wonderful.  I used to have the entire Wilton cake decorating set and would spend hours making frosting and royal icing and decorating every cake myself.  There was a bit of cursing, and complaining and grumping to my poor husband and occasionally I'd "nail it!" but now that we have Signature Desserts NO MORE!  These cakes are worth every penny.  So there, pinterest!
1	Our wedding cake and dessert table vendor was included in our reception package so I'm sure the owners are going to say we didn't pay them directly so what I write doesn't matter (I've seen this response in other negative reviews).  In my opinion, that should not matter.  We should still receive the same type of respect, courtesy and professionalism that all clients *should* receive.  This was not the case.  I won't rewrite what I posted last year about our issues with the dessert table and the attitude of Linda, but what I am posting about now is our 1 year anniversary cake top.  We were given a certificate in our package for a free, fresh cake made in our *wedding cake flavors.*  Linda even wrote the flavors on the card.  I was really excited to taste the cake since my husband and I didn't really get a chance to during our reception.  They gave us a plain chocolate cake with white icing.  This is not what our wedding cake was.  When I called and asked if there was a mistake I was told someone would call me back.  Of course, they didn't.  So, I called again and spoke with Steve who LAUGHED at me when I asked why we didn't receive a cake in our wedding flavors and then had the audacity to say 'well, you got a free cake.'  Really?!  It wasn't good and it was a plain cake I could have made myself.  When I said 'that's not the point' he said 'what do you want me to do?!  Another cake, fine.  When do you want to pick it up?'  When we picked up the second cake, again, in was the SAME cake as before.  I have yet to try my own wedding cake flavor.  They are so rude, cocky and ignorant.  I will *never* go to the bakery again nor will I ever recommend it to anyone else.
5	Signature Desserts is the ONLY bakery I will go to. Not only are they reasonable priced, their desserts are out of this world and their work is fantastic.I used them for my wedding cake and dessert table. Let me tell you, beyond impressed. I ordered a three tiered cake with an intricate design, 5 addtional 8 inch cakes for the dessert table, and 8 dozen cookies. All of this, including delivery and multiple consultations was under $500!!!!! I was so happy with my dessert table, everything turned out absolutely beautiful, like out of a wedding catalog!!!Linda and her husband are such wonderful, warm people and they made this experience so wonderful and stress free for me!!! I would reccomend them for every bakery need you have!!!!
5	I have gotten several cakes and cupcakes here on different occasions and have always been pleased. The bakery is small but clean and staff has always been helpful and friendly. I would say prices are average. They offer a variety of desserts including numerous different cakes, pies, cupcakes and much more. I have never tried anything other than cakes/cupcakes. The carrot cake is particularly good. This is one of my favorite local bakeries!
