5	I moved to Phoenix from Scottsdale about 10 months ago and along with that, I switched Village Health Club locations from the one at DC Ranch (which was brand new and amazing) to this one on Camelback...I am giving it 5 stars because it is convenient, clean, and the staff and members are all really friendly.  Not to mention, Amanda's spin class (5:45 a.m. on Fridays) and Max's yoga class (12:05 on Fridays) and the Tuesday/Thursday early morning boot camp classes are all really good!  Also, it's under renovation at the moment and I am sure it will only get bigger and better!EDIT - other things to note... Josh and Pete in the cafe are fantastic!  Check out Julies spin classes and pilates as well!Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!
5	I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages, shapes and fitness levels.  The staff is exceptional and very friendly.  This is more like a resort than a gym...
5	I've been a member of the Village since I moved to AZ in 2004 and I love 'em...all of 'em.But this is where I started and since the beautiful Carin and I moved back to Old Town Scottsdale a few months ago, we switched back to the Camelback location as our primary club (we have a membership that lets us use any of the clubs and we worked out mostly at DC Ranch and Gainey Ranch when we lived in north Scottsdale).The facilities are terrific and since they remodeled the Camelback location to bring it up to par with the others (and probably better than Gainey, although I do love the steam room at Gainey Village...sinks in the steam room, so that I can shave in the steam room...pretty sweet!).I am not a class taker. I have done the yoga classes a few times, but nothing other than that. The beautiful Carin is a class taker and loves the classes and the instructors.I am runner, cardiac and lifter kind of guy for the regular exercise and I play squash, all of the equipment is up to date and in good shape.The Village also does a great job on events for members. They just had a casino night that was really very fun, and included in the membership fees. They do all sorts of things like that from golf outings to ski trips to hikes in the Grand Canyon...a little something for everyone.Mostly, the people are why I give these clubs  (and esp. Camelback) 5 stars...we have met some of the nicest people at the club. Some of the guys that I play squash with have become family friends, as well as some of the people that work at each of the clubs.The Village has a great feel and is, for my money (and it is my money, haha), the best club in AZ.
5	It's been over a year and a half since my last review of the Village Camelback Club, and I've come full circle.Since my last review I jumped around to the DC Ranch and Gainey locations, but guess what?  I'm back, and this time I am pretty sure it's to stay!  This club underwent a huge renovation over the last year or so, and it is even more incredible than before... The yoga room is gorgeous and truly feels like an escape from reality to take a class there... the staff and other members are still friendly as can be, and the classes rock.  I'm not getting up quite as early anymore, but I find great classes any time of the day.  I took Julie's spin class this morning and it really got those endorphins flowing... i felt great!Shout out to the guys that work in cafe - they are super friendly despite the prices being on the high side... If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym, check this place out... it's worth it!
5	I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness, that this place is completely worth every penny.  The location is perfect, the equipment is great, and the staff is very friendly.  5 stars!
5	I love my gym!  Prior to joining I tried out all the gyms around my house (Biltmore area).  That includes the LA Fitness by Trader Joe's and the 24 Hour Fitness on Camelback.  Each one was way too crowded for my tastes and lacked in basic human necessities (e.g. LA Fitness does not provide towels!).  I also have a lifetime membership to Bally's that my parents bought me in the mid-1990s, but there is not a decent Bally's close to my house and the closest one is just not the type of place that inspires me to want to work out.  So for a year after moving to Phoenix I debated whether to fork over the dough for the Village.  How much dough?  Well, the pricing varies but it is about 5 times as much per month as I was quoted at LA Fitness and came with a fairly large startup fee.  So far, I have found that it is worth every penny.What do I like about it?  First and foremost, I have never had to wait to use a machine, ever.  They have so many machines, and not nearly as many members as the other clubs in the area.  During my trial period at LA Fitness, I seriously waited 5-10 minutes each time I wanted to get on a cross trainer, and then there was a time limit.  A gym is a place to work out, not a place to stand around or worry about time limits.  Second, the Village is huge: two swimming pools, endless tennis courts, indoor basketball, indoor running track, cycle studio, indoor racquetball, indoor kids area with Wii fitness, massive weight room, large stretching room, pilates studio with all kinds of human torture looking machines, yoga studio, group exercise rooms, a bar with Kilt Lifter on tap, a snack bar, indoor and outdoor lounges, TVs in all the right spots, a spa and equipment shop (and probably much more that I am forgetting).  It's physical size also doesn't say anything about the size of their programs, which range from basketball leagues, swimming, hiking, ski trips, cycling, fencing lessons, etc.  There is always something happening and there are often social activities going on that I don't partake in, but which I hear are pretty fun.  Finally, in my very humble opinion, I think they have the best schedule of group fitness classes around, taught by the best instructors in town.  I take on average 4 yoga classes per week and every class is included in the dues.  If I were to take a similar number of classes at a local yoga studio, I would easily pay double my current gym dues and would not have access to all the other great amenities.  Just joining for the yoga would save most avid yoga enthusiasts money in the long run.As for my complaints, they are minimal.  My biggest complaint is not about the gym, but about my friends;  I wish that more of them were members!  Most of my friends seem to be LA Fitness people and just balk at the idea of paying more than $30/month for a gym.  That's just plain silly, but I understand that money is tight these days.  My only other complaint is that the classes tend to cater to an early crowd.  I will never make it to a 6:00 a.m. yoga class (who can seriously drag themselves to the gym that early?).  Like most late risers, I would prefer later classes instead.  The latest classes in the day seem to be around 6 pm, which is usually fine for me since I am self-employed, but there are days that I wish the last yoga class was at 7:30 so I would not have to brave the rush hour crowd trying to make it there.  Overall though, I'm very happy and would recommend anyone give the Village a try.  Oh, and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma, let me know because I can get a free month by referring you :)
5	sshhh...  Come on peeps.. quit writing all these great reviews and giving this place the cherished 5 stars.  I mean seriously... you're my village homies and we have to stick together.  If we don't, you and I both know, the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh, and please don't mention the bar either.
5	I love this place, i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it.
4	Oh Village. I know you want five stars. Everyone else here agrees with you. But I have been a member of an equally awesome gym (one might argue more so) that didn't cost two arms, one leg and a few spinal vertebrae to pay for. So from me darling, you will only get 4 stars. Sorry Pinche, the Village ain't no secret. I know this because the parking lot is packed to the gills when I arrive every morning and is still at about 60% when I leave. I sometimes want to drive by at midnight to see if any obsessed workout-aholics are parked out there just waiting for 5AM (7AM weekends). What can I tell you, the Village has a ton of classes, loads of equipment, tennis courts, 2 pools, a basketball court, an indoor track (1/18th of a mile thank you), multiple exercise rooms, a full spa/salon, a cafe, a bar, lounges, wifi, steam room, sauna, whirlpool, showers with shampoo, conditioner, shaving cream, AND lotion, beauty stations with hair driers and curling irons, q-tips and cotton pads. It's everything you could want. BUT...the joining fee. $990 for individual memberships. That is just offensive. I mean, honestly, if they said, "Please make a $990 donation to one of our 3 sponsored charities" I would think they were a kick-ass organization, but they just want to make sure you have enough money to hang with the rest of their clientele. I'm soo over that. Luckily for me the economy's in the dump and the Village is offering deals for joining. I saved some money, got a few gift certificates, and now that I'm here I'm happy as a clam. There are loads of class (aerobic, yoga, pilates, tai chi, strength, spinning) options up until 11AM and after 4PM, the staff is friendly, the entire facility is impeccably maintained, and even though the parking lot is filled to the brim you don't ever feel crowded, much less wait for equipment. It simply wouldn't do, darling. I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's, considering how physique-conscious everyone is, but who am I to get on a soapbox since I now number the faceless, moral-less elite. My socialistic tendencies aside...I love this gym.
1	About two months ago I needed to get waxed, and I would normally head to the Brow Lady but thought I'd give the Spa a chance, since I'm there daily already. I called in advance for an appointment. I went in and was led to the Relaxation Room by the very friendly Spa receptionist. I had arrived ten minutes early for the appointment, hoping she could take me sooner and I could be on my way sooner. There was not one other person in the Relaxation Room with me. There also isn't a wall clock and I soon found out why. My extra ten minutes pass. No waxer approaches me. Another ten minutes go by and I'm sitting there twiddling my thumbs wondering what is going on. I decide to go up front and see what the deal is. The receptionist says she will find out and I tell her I have places to go and can't wait much longer. I go back to the relaxation room...which is now not at all relaxing. Five more minutes pass....the receptionist comes to say she's sorry and the waxer will be right with me. It was at least another five, maybe even ten, and I was boiling mad. The waxer finally strolled in and of course the waxing itself took a whopping 2 minutes.  Sure she was nice enough but she was almost half an hour late for my appointment. The receptionist didn't think it was worth comping me the $13.50 cost so the waxer received no tip. The second time I used the Spa was when I injured my back in one of the classes and had to run, crying, out of the class. There is no Sports Medicine person on staff as far as I was aware so I hobbled to the Spa and found the receptionist in the back of the salon. I begged for a massage therapist to help me and she told me no one was there and massages didn't start until 9AM. This, by the way was at about 8:10AM. I'm standing in front of this woman, having trouble breathing and crying uncontrollably and she's telling me to wait an hour? Finally she figured out I was NOT kidding and said she'd call around to see who could come in ASAP. She helped me into a chair in the very UN-relaxing room and I wept alone there for about 15 minutes. She happened by the door again after that and said that a masseuse would be there in 15-20 minutes. I had no cell phone, watch or wall clock to measure that time, nor was any other help offered so I just continued weeping. It was 8:30AM (I'm guessing) when another spa-goer arrived for her day of treatments and went into the locker room to change. I managed to get in there as well (after a bit) and ask her if she knew the time. 8:45AM. Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way, the showers in the spa area are TERRIBLE. The ones in the locker room are much better and on the whole the bathroom/locker room in the spa is a waste of space.
5	I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts!
5	I never thought I would be the kind of person to work out in a gym.  I grew up thinking gyms are only where the meat heads go- the grinds of working on weights just seemed boring and pointless to me.When I turned 30, someone gave me a lifetime membership to Bally's as a gift so I started going because, well, it was a gift and already paid for.  I started seeing some really hot bodies on women in their forties and I started to change my mind.  But I was not faithful to Bally's because I just didn't like the atmosphere of the place.Once I started to appreciate the value of a work out, I started gym shopping.  Tried LA Fitness, 24 Hour Fitness, Lifetime Fitness and none of them kept my attention or loyalty.Finally, I ventured into the Village Racquet & Health Club- mainly, again, because friends would have me either workout or play tennis with them at the Camelback Village.  This is where I've fallen in love.I love the facility, the classes, the equipment, and I don't know who I love more- the people who work there or the members.There's some kind of magic to the Village clubs- aptly named the Village because somehow, the place, the staff, the members becomes . . . your friends!  The Village clubs truly is a lifestyle, not a place where you go to sweat off a few pounds then leave for someplace better.I've worked out in all three locations at one time or another.  Each location I've discovered has its own flavor- Camelback for tennis, classes held early in the morning and in the evening for the working professional, the BAR- Gainey for the triathletes, classes held early in the morning and in the evening, again for the working professional- and DC Ranch for families with a great pool area and classes scheduled more for the stay at home moms.I love them all- I love going into the beautiful facility, getting greeted by a warm smile from the staff, seeing gorgeous people who are committed to living a healthy lifestyle.  I love how clean the locker rooms always are and there are towels and water just where you need them.  I love the abundance of classes- spin, yoga, pilates and the ever addicting zumba.  I love them all.Village- I stay loyal and true to you!
5	Ok...Always prided myself on being the type of person who enjoyed the fresh air instead of being a hamster on a wheel in "some" gym.  Well, a visible weight gain, and it turns out that Whitney doesn't enjoy working out.  That is until I went to the Village Health Club.  I was lucky enough to snag free passes from my parents who are avid members.  I always had wondered why they go so often.  After my first visit, I now see why!the place is beautiful.  The location is really spaced out well so that there might be tons of people there, but it never feels crowded.  And ever member of the Village Team are so nice and welcoming.  The front desk person today really helped me out.  I hadn't quite got my barrings of the location but she gave me turn by turn directions to my spin class (which was a butt kicker in a great way).  I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!
5	Way to experience the heart of the Scottsdale community. Not only do they provide a kick ass yoga and Pilates class, but they have awesome socials like Monday night football and Friday cocktails at the W hotel rooftop. The members are just amazingly welcoming. They make you feel so right so fast. The showers are is totally equipped with everything every lady needs. They offer almost everything in terms of RnR and your health.
4	It's a bit expensive ...but nice.  They keep the place clean and up to date.  The equipment  is the latest and the greatest available.  There is a lot you can do  swim, work out, play squash, tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!
4	Village Health Club takes the idea of a health club to a whole new incline! The staff is friendly, the facility is clean, there is a gaggle of class choices, and enough equipment so I didn't have to wait to work up a sweat.I will say that I attended the Village while visting Scottsdale, so I was there using a guest pass. I can't talk about pricing, or what it would be like there to pump iron for more than a week, but I DO know that the time I spent there was empowering and it's encouraging to know that good facilities run well do still exist. In my short few days I ran a few miles in the cardio room, I spun my butt off in a black lit cycling class and I attended a very warm morning vinyasa yoga class. Each experience far exceeded my expectations of a standard gym, but Village is anything but normal. There are towels around every corner, staff members waiting to answer your questions, and giant cups that you can dispense water in if you forget your bottle at home...with lemons...fancy, huh? The cups are styrofoam, so that was sort of a drawback for a greenie like me. I can't wait to get back and try out a few more of the services. There is a nice looking sauna and whirlpool area, and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube, but it's nice that the environment they promote there is one of power AND play. "Make yourself at home," they say, and I did.
5	I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.
5	After the closing of my business last year ( Moss Wellness Spa), I had to find a new place for my yoga practice.   I value and support many Yoga Studios in the Valley ( At One, Metta, Urban Yoga, etc.) but I was looking for more than just a yoga studio.  And I found it here, at the Camelback Village Club!There is yoga, pilates, tennis, basketball, a cafe, boutique, spa (Nails, Massage, Facials), Child Care ( not a selling point for me), Socials and it is in my neighborhood.  Their yoga program has talented instructors (Max, Lisa, Harmony, Beri and Amy) that are known throughout the Valley and it is authentic.  I can practice on the floor (without a mat), in jeans, without music and find my flow.I will be returning to the cafe soon on Friday afternoons with Greg and Max for a beer.  Of course, this will be following a great yoga class.Joining the Village is not inexpensive, but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless.
4	I know all of the new Groupon people who got an awesome deal will be looking up reviews here to see what everyone else has to say. As a new member myself, I really want to recommend using AMANDA in membership services to sign up and tell her I sent you, I'll even split the free month with you!Other than the monthly fees, this place is initially super impressive, even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you, then call Amanda!
5	LIFE'S BETTER AT THE VILLAGE! This was their slogan about ten years ago.... Let me qualify why you too might love this place! It's not just because that they have the best tennis courts, Yoga studio, Palates, Zumba, Racquetball courts, fully padded running track, Spa, & Salon! It's because they have the best staff! The best tennis instructors, the best Yoga, Zumba, Fitness, & yes even Tai Chi instructors! Resulting in the valley's best health & fitness club (period!) The only draw back is that it is pricey if you are going to join a gym just to lift weights, but if you do other things this place is bar none tops! "You do get what you pay for!" They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal...
4	I love this gym.  Hands down one of my favorites besides The Athletic club I went to in Kansas City.  I lived on 44th for 3 years before I joined, what a mistake.First lets get the prices out of the way, it is expensive.  I got a special which I think may be pretty standard or always on special.  I paid $700 or $500 for sign up and I pay $137 monthly.  Were is does become great is family plan.  When my boyfriend was going ( gym on hold right now)  the dues were I think $160-ish.  Here is the catch though, it is not your normal gym.  Clientele - It is a gym that you can feel comfortable at.  It is fairly steady in the evenings and a bit busier.  They supposedly limit the number of memberships so that there is always equipment available.Amenities - Small Boutique - some trendy apparel, work out gear, and lots of tennis itemsYoga, Pilaties and Aerobic studios - they offer a lot of classes, and have a pilaties reformer room as well, classes appear to be private and around $60Salon and Spa - Full serviceRestaurant - Have not tried, does have outdoor sitting area with a fire pit and has a view of camelback Free standing snack and juice bar - Have not tried, but looks goodBasketball, Squash & Racket ballWeight RoomSpin Room - BIG FAN, I love spin and they have a great room specially built for spin.TrackPoolLocker Rooms - are very nice, they offer everything you need to get ready.  You can rent a locker if you don't want to find one although I have never had a problemIce Cold Water - Available thru out the gym, I just bring a reusable bottle, but they offer cups and lids as wellThere are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year.
1	I have been to practically every spa and salon in the valley searching for a great nail salon.  My friend worked at the Village as a camp counselor and he suggested I check their salon out.  I was sadly disappointed.When I originally called to make an appointment the receptionist was rather rushed and sounded inconvenienced by my call.  I am an understanding person so I didn't really think much of it.  My friend and I went in on the day of our appointment and were still asked to wait for about 20 minutes because the nail tech hadn't come back.  Again, I am not really impatient or unreasonable so it didn't really bothered me.The thing that pushed me over the edge was the nail tech.  My friend was getting a pricier manicure and the tech was very personable and friendly to her.  Because I had gotten my nails done only a week earlier I asked for an express manicure instead.  She rushed through and was extremely rude to me.  I definitely walked out with a bad taste in my mouth about the whole experience and was not happy when I still was paying a relatively high price for my manicure.Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um, at a health club?
5	The Village is not just a gym...it's a lifestyle. Like most have already said on here, the  prices are more than other gyms in the area; but The Village is also so much more than other gyms in the area. I paid $500 to sign up and then pay around $140/month for my membership. Yes, this is a lot of money, but for me it is definitely worth it! I had signed up to the other gyms in the area at different times for $25-30/month, but I think I only went 2 times in the two years I was paying the memberships, so it was cheaper but not worth the price. I go to The  Village sometimes 6 days per week and will even go when I'm not working out just to sit and do stuff on my laptop (they offer free Wi-Fi) or to get lunch or dinner at one of the two little cafes. The Village is what you make it; what you want it to be. You can go and just do weights and cardio in the extensive weight room and cardio room. They have tons of free weights and machines and then even more cardio equipment. Even during the busiest times at the gym I've never seen machines filled like I have seen at other places.  There is a 1/18 mile track upstairs with another workout room that has a variety of equipment including a TRX and Kinesis. If you want to go above and beyond just working out by yourself there are many different classes which range from Zumba to Yoga to Spin to Athletic  Conditioning and more. The Cycling room has, I think, 45 bikes which are completely adaptable to you and very comfortable for spin classes. The Yoga room is beautiful, calming, relaxing and not out in the open like many other gyms. There is a Pilates room which is fully equipped with reformers and tons of other Pilates stuff. There is also a basketball court, squash court, raquetball courts, 15 tennis courts and 2 pools, both heated one for play and one for laps. They have a full spa and salon, a wine bar that serves food, cafe that serves food and smoothies. The locker rooms are fully equipped...you don't have to bring anything except the clothes you plan on wearing home! I don't have kids, but they also have locker rooms for families and rooms for kids while parents are working out. Like I said, The Village is what you make it. This is true with the different activities that they offer. There are hikes, running groups, weight loss competitions and non-exercise related activities, like Casino Night. I love The Village and I am not a "gym-rat" type person at all. The people are friendly, healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there, compared to other places where it is a chore to get into the gym.
5	I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...
4	**This is a review for the Yoga level 2/3 class at the DC Ranch location**I wasn't sure what to expect when walking into the dimly lit studio at the gym.  When I laid out my mat and started to stretch, I was in awe of the twinkle ceiling...giving the place a feeling of being outdoors on a warm summer night.  (and it was warm in there... phew!  While not Bikram, the room was toasty)  This place is definitely fancy.... and the people are definitely GYM people.  Debra, the yoga instructor was amazing. At first I was put off by the loud dance music during the beginning of our practice, but after a few challenging poses, I didn't let it affect my state of mind.... breathe....The pace was quick, a little too quick at times for my breathing, but what made the class special, was the special attention that Debra offered.  I felt rewarded for using my breath when she came over to give me an extra stretch.  When I asked for help with a pose, she not only answered, but later showed how I could get into the same pose from a different place.The program was challenging and different from my usual practice at home, if you're NOT a gym person, you may not like it.  But as a Yogi, you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga, I highly recommend.  Namaste.
3	Very large facility, offering many different classes and machine to work on every part of your body.  Spinning room is large airy and bikes in good shape.  Probably the best so far as far as spinning in Phoenix. I didn't end up taking the yoga kept missing the class, so I took a strength class instead and it reminded me of gyms in the 80's. Not bad but not inspiring. No offense to the 80's either :-)The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court, tends to be noisy. I also like smaller boutique studios, I think this place wold be amazing for a family.
5	I'm not sure writing a review is even worth it for The Village, because obviously it's amazing- but I go there so much, I feel I owe it to them to Yelp them :) My family (husband, 2kids) all frequent the Village 3/4 times a week. I have to be honest and say that sometimes I go there, send my kids off to the awesome kids club / X-Arcade and just go sit in the steam room, lay out by the pool and/or take a relaxing shower. But yes, sometimes I actually work out! I am a Yoga teacher and the Village is where I take most of my yoga classes (the high quality of most of their teachers and the kids club is a major plus for me). I love their Cycle classes and the fact that they are 45 mins is great when I am in a crunch to get home for dinner/homework/bedtime but still need a quick workout. They have a HUGE selection of workout machines so you never get bored. Not that every health club needs one, but the Village has a fantastic cafe and a cute bar right by the tennis courts that have served my husband and I well when we need a date night and can't decide between a great workout together or a dinner/wine date. Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price, if you can afford it. We love it!
3	You think they would have some decent competition, and more higher end health clubs to choose from around the phoenix, biltmore, arcadia area, but apparently not, so everyone in phoenix seems to go here if you want a step up. I disprove of the layout a bit.  The women rushed me to join because she said the discount to join may or may not be available the following week after my trial membership, great sales tactic, but this ticked me off because I hated being rushed to decide because the price "might" go up.     For everyone complaining about the $600 or more fee to join, this is really not allot of money compared to other better health clubs, and it is in place mostly to just keep the riffraff out. I wish it was higher so there would not be swarms of people every hour of the day...(kind of joking)    They designed this place to be able to cram a obscene amount of people in it, from the huge locker rooms ( a bit confusing layout ), to the many, many machines.  So a good thing is you shouldn't have a problem finding a machine, The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms, not I, so this may be your best option.
5	I am a member of all Village Clubs and when I can't make it to Gainey, I'll occasionally drop in here since I have the multi-club membership. This club is immaculate. Love that they have two restaurants, equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous, but I feel like I need a map or GPS because it is so sprawling and I often have gotten lost. Bonus for the full bar, you can consume all the calories you burnt off at the full bar! Besides my slight criticism, this gym is awesome. Group activities, often that are free, yoga, etc. Love The Village!!
2	First off, if you're interested in fitness, real, honest to god get-in-shape, look good naked, fitness, this place is not for you. If you are looking to markedly improve your cardiovascular/respiratory endurance, stamina, strength, flexibility, power, coordination, agility, balance, *and* accuracy, this place is not for you. Their free weights are stuffed in what some other fitness clubs would consider a closet. If you know what a clean and jerk is, and you go to this club, you're in The Village's 1%. Even the pool was a disappointment. It's not for laps, it's for moms to sun and read magazines while their kids splash and fart. Don't get me wrong. You *can* get into shape here. But you *can* get into shape in your backyard. The cost of joining up could buy you a great set of Olympic weights, a pull up bar, new shoes, a weight vest, a kettle bell or two, a jump rope... But you wouldn't be considering a club if you wanted to get fit in your backyard and buy all your own equipment.Now, if you're into tennis, this place will accommodate. I think half it's footprint is set aside for courts. If you're into pretty girls in full makeup wearing their brand new Lulu Lemon Yoga Pants (and believe me, it's ALMOST worth joining for this particular scenery), there's plenty of that. If you're into orange dudes who won't sweat because it'll muss their hair and they simply spend toooo much on product to deal with that, then this place is for you. If you dig stepping on french fries the aforementioned farty kids dropped on the floor while chasing each other and screaming while wearing a full set of Under Armor compression gear that costs an average person's car payment, you'll dig this joint. If you're into a place to pretend you're into fitness and "be seen" then you should join up tomorrow. If you want to the cashier at AJ's to notice your latte cup with "The Village" emblazoned across the front while you buy your parakeet four cases of Fiji water to bathe in, then this place is for you.   There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However, all of the positive aspects of this place are not involved with fitness. They're recreational, hang out, be part of a scene type of pluses. If you're willing to pay for that, then saddle up partner. But if you want to be taken seriously when you say you "work out", by people who actually do, then you don't work out at The Village.
1	this place is unbelievable.  i have been a member for 5-6 years; i was out of the country and thought my membership was on a 6 month hold; the emptied my locker and instead of trying to contact me or send my items to my US address THEY THREW EVERYTHING AWAY!!!!i lost $1,200 worth of things and the GM of the Camelback office offers me a waived re-instate fee that is $300 and NOTHING else even though I was on a 6 month freeze.they threw my things out 4 weeks ago, i went in to find these facts out over 3 weeks ago, i waited patiently to hear from them, never did, so I called today and the guy who threw my things away said he was waiting to talk to the GM.  I told him it had been 3 weeks and you STILL haven't talked to the GM?!?!?!?!  he said no.  avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price.
3	I went here to play tennis at night and thought it was great. Plenty of lit courts, water on court, they let you borrow tennis balls, and it's very clean.  I didn't find some of the staff to be as friendly as another location, but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However, they have several classes during the day, and plenty of amenities for anyone. It seemed like a lot of people there were only there to socialize in the bar and not to work out, but that's their prerogative. I wasn't offered a tour even though it was my first time in. It was later in the evening, so I didn't expect this, but it would have been nice if someone had pointed out where the locker room was.
5	This is the gym I go to when I visit my Dad in Arizona.  The yoga classes are very hard, but rewarding.  The facilities are very clean and there is a good restaurant you can indulge in after burning all of those calories off.  I'm heading to Phoenix in a couple of days and looking forward to visiting!  My Dad loves the yoga classes and has been a member for years.
5	I have been going to the Village for years -- I have used every service from the spa to the wonderful yoga program , the amazing zumba classes as well as the pilates room. The village always offers a new way for you to play and have fun and the staff is so helpful. I consider myself so lucky to be a part of the village! Try it you will love it!!!
5	Pilates with Julie rocks
5	You just got back from the Bellagio in Vegas? "So what, I just got back from the Villagio." Contrary to popular belief, the Village is NOT an expensive gym.It's more like a cheap Country Club.  That's really what it is minus the golf course.  I've been a member for a long time and love it.  Great classes with Great teachers. Even the yoga teachers are top notch, which is unusual  for a "gym". Tons of tennis if you are into that. The backdrop of Camelback mountain is amazing. The weight room is adequate. There are certainly bigger and better ones. If you are a body builder, probably not for you. A couple of pools, BB court/ racquetball and a great cafe. Easy 5 stars.
3	First off, I must say, this gym is the best.  All instructors and facility spaces are top notch, EXCEPT.....that the woman who directs all group exercises and teaches dance classes blocks younger and more exciting fitness instructors from teaching dance classes.  It's too bad that she does not take into consideration the numerous requests for other teachers or for those other teachers to appear more frequently on the schedule. It's not a secret. Many whisper about this and complain that their requests in the suggestions box have gone unacknowledged for years.  I would love to give 5 stars, but I cannot because of this strange block on dance classes. All other instructors and directors are very accommodating.
4	If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.
5	This place is the top of the line and a great location, especially since we can't work out outside year round.  This place is work the monthly expense, people are friendly and even the food is good!
4	It pains me to cancel my membership here, but I'm moving and the commute from SF would be a bitch.This is the best gym you could ever join - it's basically a country club without the links and pretentiousness.  Everything is state of the art and all the classes are amazing.  I mainly do Yoga and they have all varieties which is so nice!  The tennis courts are my favorite part - what a great workout that's so much fun!Yes it's incredibly expensive, and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym, but what value do you place on your health, wellness, and quality of life???
5	Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also,Check out the yoga studio, there are many talented instructors practicing
5	Great place for families, too.
5	I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her!
3	I was a member here for about 3 years. When I first started I was paying 126 a month. Every year the cost would goup 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month, too much for me. The facility is very clean. Thanks for the 3 years.
5	Great gym. Great kids club if you have little ones of all sizes. Awesome spin classes, especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis.
4	We love the Village!  We only like children, however.  The summer months bring in all of the younglings to play, so whether you're walking across the gym, in the locker room or to the pool... there will be half pints darting around you.  Summon all of your patience to bare through your workout.The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees.
5	I want to give the Salon at the village a big thumbs up. I was nervous to get my hair cut here, but I went for it and got the best haircut I've gotten in a long time. Kelvy is a wonderful hair stylist and a fabulous job with my crazy long, really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!
5	Love the club. Tennis is great. People are great and it's a very social atmosphere. One downside is on the weekends it can get crowded and difficult to find a park. I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree.
5	I have found all the trophy wives in the Biltmore area.  They're at the Camelback Village.I'm pretty young still.  I'm in my 20s, and I'm used to being one of the most energetic, fit people in my group fitness classes.  I showed up at the Village dance classes expecting this trend to continue.  Nope.  The standard age at the Village seems to be 35-50 years old, but it caters to the 35-50 year old MARATHON RUNNERS.  I'm pretty sure that the dance classes are filled with ex-cheerleaders and professional dancers.  The Yoga "students" could teach classes at most other gyms, and the rockin' ladies in the Kinesis class have six packs.  I'm not even joking.We tried some of the cheaper, more traditional gyms in the area before deciding on the Village, but the large number of diverse class offerings daily, the gorgeous facilities (I feel like I'm in a spa when I take a shower there after a workout!) and the sheer number of fitness options led us to the decision to pay the extra money in exchange for a better quality, fitter lifestyle.Want a tennis partner?  The club will set you up with a league.  Like to shoot hoops?  There are organized pick-up games as well as competitions for all ages (or there will be again soon - unfortunately the flood damaged the basketball courts, but they're already at work replacing them).  Swimmer?  No prob - masters swim classes and swim team, led by ex-collegiate swimmers.  Hiker?  There are morning running and hiking clubs.  Here's what else I've discovered so far: ping-pong tables, racquetball courts, squash courts (apparently they're two different games - who knew!), Kinesis and bootcamp classes (Crossfit without the brand name), various dance classes ranging from Zumba to Belly-Dancing, Bounce Classes on trampolines.  Also, nutrition experts, personal trainers, well-supplied weight rooms, cardio rooms, an indoor running track, and the evil "kinesis room" which looks all innocent but then kicks your butt.  Also, free ice water and coffee at all times of day.Do you just want to booze it up and get massages while your partner works out?  Good news - there's a full-service bar and a relaxing spa!  There's also a big screen TV where you can watch sports games (tennis is given preference, but football and basketball have been on recently too) as well as smaller TVs in the locker-rooms - and don't get me started on the locker rooms.  Iced towels, mouthwash, razors, and pretty much any beauty item you'd need to get ready for work in the morning.I'm still amazed by this place every time I go, and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny.
4	The workout environment is awesome! You get encouragement and support from the friendliness LR staff and professional training instructors. They have a variety of workout classes that fits everyone's needs, such as Zumba and yoga. Also, they have bikes, elliptical machines, treadmills, and weight machines. Everyone should check out this gym!
5	FUN & MOTIVATING!!! I went yesterday as a visitor and took the two morning classes. Needless to say I JOINED:-) The instructor was really helpful and the staff friendly. The gym environment was very clean, fair equipment, nice cooling ac, changing area & restroom. IM SO HAPPY I JOINED.CAN'T WAIT TO TAKE CHICK BOXING THIS MORNING!
5	Let me just say, Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure, let me just say Tami has magic fingers and her foot and leg massage put me in heaven! Not to mention she did an amazing job on my callouses. My feet are as soft as a baby's bum! Im hooked and a new regular! Do your self a favor and book an appointment with her asap!!
1	I've had a pretty good experience at this club all the way up until about 2 months ago. I'm usually a visitor who pays for a day pass... I was interested in joining until Laura Gilbert (sales person) decided to send me an email black mailing me telling me that if I didn't join I couldn't pay for a daily pass... Making up some bull about policy that if I'm not with a member that I couldn't purchase a daily pass when clearly the policy is you pay $30 without a member and $20 if you come in with a member. It's a sad tactic from said sales rep.  I hope this gets back to her so she learns what customer service is and can't treat people like this.-RJ Morales
3	The oldest in the Village family, it is decent. The sauna/steam room/Jacuzzi looks like a public pool rather than a top-notch facility that it CAN be with a little remodeling. The yoga room, which was yoga, not hot yoga, was so humid that I almost passed out. There was steam on the mirrors and windows!!The pool is boring. The restaurant was OK. I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!
