3	Fried Pickles!
4	Best fried chicken sandwich in town... Buffalo Chicken Sandwich! My prep choice, 3 mile hot smothered in Ranch Dressing, extra pickle cut in to small pieces and potato salad. Eaten with a knife and fork.
3	This is Hooters.  You know what to expect.  I did have the fried pickles, which were surprisingly good, but oh so unhealthy.  We had quite a few people in our group and the servers handled us very well.
4	What can I say, great wings, great big fish sandwich, and great buffalo shrimp.  The waitresses are very attentive to both myself and my husband.  We go there a couple of times a month and only once have we had a waitress that was not all there.
4	It's HOOTERS - just go already!!! This location does not disappoint! Girls are beautiful and attentive! I only go for happy hour specials but, I always have fun with the guys or the family!
3	Have to take back a star - they changed the Happy Hour menu and deleted some of my favorites - ex. only boneless wings on special, etc. Economy is tough but, don't bite the hand that feeds you. Instead of a few times a month - now maybe, once every month or so...Girls are still GREAT though!!
1	Wait staff is amazing, but their management is rude and disrespectful. Will not be back till their GM is no longer there. You can not ask him a question without him being condescending and rude. Can NOT believe he still has a job... Really sad because we love their wings....
1	Not going back till management changes.... Horrible horrible horrible customer service. From the management not the staff
5	Great wings, cold beer, pretty girls enough said !!!
2	My husband always said that Hooters had the best wings.  He was feeling some wings one night, so we ventured to Hooters.  And no, he did not want to go to Hooters because of the scantilly clad boob-showing servers. His wife's boobs are sooo much better!  He ordered the wings and was not thrilled.  I'm pretty sure that he loved the wings so much because he used to eat them after all the beer he drank dulled his senses.  With only one beer under his belt before eating the wings, they were quite lackluster.  The service was terrible as well.  We waited entirely too long for wings and a burger.  The server was too busy fake-flirting with 2 guys that would never stand a chance with her.  We will not be back.
1	CLOSED - Well, moving to Metrocenter in March - BOOOOOO, i don't want my car stolen.....
1	This location is no longer in business.
