4	A fun selection of children's clothing and some of the more unusual (and pricey) accessories.  This is one of the only places I've seen dinosaur stuffed animals.
1	Went there over the weekend...my son and 2 other boys were playing with the cars in the front of the store.  The 2 boys left and an employee came and took the car out of my son's hand!!!  Told him she was putting it back where it was supposed to go and left.  This was the 2nd time he had played with this car so I even considered forking over $13 for it....but after that?? No way.  Don't put out toys at kid's eye level if you dont' want them to play with them!  I will never buy anything from there...ever.
5	great store.  helpful sales staff.  unique clothes, wall to wall.  great kids boutique.i love that this store is nestled in the forum shops among gucci, louis vuitton, tiffany&co, valentino, and soooo many others.you must go!
2	Popped in here to find a birthday present for my niece - Cute things but $98 for a little sweater that they will grow out in 3-6 months? Yeah, no.
1	Are you grooming your child to become an over pampered trophy wife that has a penance for pink and rhinestones? You are? Well have I got the place for you! Kid's Kastle will ensure that your daughter expects to wear only $20 dollar fake rhinestone emblazoned headbands, $60 dollar tutus, or carry around her very own $100 dollar Hello Kitty suitcase. You can even buy her a set of press on nails that would make a Vegas stripper proud for around $15 bucks. I ensure you they will AT LEAST last until you make it out the Forum Shops!
4	This is a fun little fashionable shop with beautiful children's clothes.  Though extremely pricey, the store has a lot of unique items available and the staff was incredibly friendly.  I eventually made my way to the back of the store where i found the clearance items (my fave)!! I found an $84 sparkly dress for $19.79!  Needless to say, I was ecstatic!  As my mom was rummaging around she found an outfit that she had picked up on Zulily for about half the price that it was in the store.  So, keep an eye on Zulily if there's in a brand in that store you like, it's quite possible it will pop up discounted.  This is definitely a high end kids clothing boutique, but I didn't really see any "low" end stores in Caesar's.  This is quite comparable to a kids boutique you'd see in New York City.
