4	If you are in the mood for a decent Chinese meal, the Golden Dragon is the place to go. Situated in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh, the Golden Dragon in right in the centre of the city and is just a short walk from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. The inside of the restaurant is very large and spacious with lots of tables, and they are able to cater for large private parties and so it is worth enquiring about this. The Golden Dragon offers an expansive menu filled with authentic Chinese dishes. I came here for dinner for the first time several weeks ago and I had the most delicious tasting food. I ordered the sesame prawn toast for my starter which was really tasty and the prawns were cooked perfectly, and it wasn't greasy and oily like I have sometimes tasted it. I then had the chili beef for my main course which was even better than the starter. It was nice and spicy without being too hot that it blew my head off and ruined the meal. There were so many flavours going on in the dish and all the ingredients lasted really fresh - absolutely yummy! The egg fried rice was also amazingly cooked. The Golden Dragon's menu offers a good selection of vegetarian and seafood dishes and so there is bound to be something to suit everyone on the menu. The staff were also super friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me when they explained exactly what each dish was on the menu! The Golden Dragon is a fantastic Chinese restaurant in the heart of the city which is definitely worth a visit.
2	Very mediocre, and overpriced for the quality of the food we were served.  The duck soup was incredibly fatty and salty and hubby's chicken something was of a very generic flavor and texture.  Reminded me of the Chinese leftovers you eat when you have nothing left in the fridge.
3	Very average Chinese food, at least by London standards. The menu has quite an authentic selection of dishes. Unfortunately, the cooking quality was not the best.Price-wise it was good value, and the atmosphere inside is very conducive for a quiet dinner and for serious discussions over dinner. Plus, great location.The London Insiderhttp://www.london-insider.co.uk/
1	Kind of gross. The 2nd worst Chinese restaurant I have been to in my life-- first being Aunty Chang's in Houston, TX. Let's just comment on the fact that the hot & sour soup is 5.10GBP per small bowl-- that is wildly ridiculous when you can sit down at a local pub for a full meal for that price. We ordered Mabo Tofu & Yushan beef (aka garlic beef sometimes), which are very normal Chinese dishes.  The Mabo tofu came out barely covering the bottom of the plate (skimpy quantity), tasting not like normal/authentic Mabo tofu but edible, except for the bijillion poppy seeds in the dish that you would have to pick out ( I am totally not exaggerating). Then the yushan beef came out looking quite bland.  We called the waiter over to make sure that is actually the right dish, and he gave us the snobby "this is what Westerner do.  It's not like Yushan beef in China, it's a garlic sauce here."  Excuse me!?  You can't even speak English & you are telling me, an American, what "westerners" expect in a Chinese dish?!  What a joke.  Yes, the dish is sometimes, in some places, called garlic beef, but the cooking methods and sauces and tastes never alter.  It is supposed to be a mildly sweet dish with shredded veggies and meat in brown sauce.  In Golden Dragon's case, we had chunks of vegetable and meat in some weird sauce (& no garlic to be found either).  To make things worse, they charge a 10% service charge.  You are stuck with it whether you liked the food/service or not. What a rip off.
3	The Golden Dragon has an east to find location right off of Rose street and unlike other Cantonese places in the city they do not require reservations. The staff was friendly and the food was pretty good. It was not the most amazing Chinese food I have ever had but for stumbling upon it on a cold Saturday night, it was great. I will probably try a new place before coming back, but for a quick dinner give it a shot.
