5	Good hair cuts . Louie did a good job .
5	Best Barber shop in town.. The whole crew is good regardless but DJ is my dude.. Been getting cut by him for almost 3 years now.. Followed him around from 3 diff barber shops now.. Met him at Gerardo's and no one else has cut my hair since.. The whole team is hella cool, nice and professional.. Cleanest barber shop I've been in but still traditional.. Not only has DJ been a great barber for me but a true friend too 10/10! Highly recommend and also highly recommend DJ.. Better make an appointment tho.. Everyone's busy.. Appointments over walk ins..
5	Exellent Barber Shop!!! I recommend Mr. Mike
2	I must be sittin' in the wrong chair everytime I go cause I always have something to complain about everytime I've come to In Da Cut. Typical lackadasical choppin' your hair while on the phone, talking for days to the other barbers while you get half azz haircuts done.. I'm sure there are some decent dudes choppin' hair here but out of the three times I've been there I've only had one average cut (he didn't use straight razors to lineup) and the other two times a less than stellar experience.. 2nd time the barber didn't listen to my instructions of not lining up the front of my hair, 3rd time another barber who will go unmentioned f*cked up my razor part and finished my taper in what seemed like just 15 minutes.. Red flags considering I've had my haircut by three different barbers each time I've gone. There are much better spots to get cut and for cheaper too! I'd come simply because it was right up the street from me but never again.
1	Don't get me wrong , I understand that a good hair cut takes time but this place is crazy sometimes It took me 3 hours to be seen and it was totally not necessary , all they do is talk to each nd stay on there phones
5	Great service all around.  Theses guys are awesome with fades and lineups.  I have been going here for one year.  I am really picky when it comes to my fades and lineups. I would recommend this place!
1	I've never been to this shop but already I feel the need to review it and I will be sure to recommend anyone who says "in da cut" NOT to come here. My husband tried this shop for the first time recently and came home with a cut up ear.  He's too nice of a guy to say anything, oh and of course they charge him full price. No sort of compensation for cutting up someone's ear!!! He first told me about this over the phone and I was sure it was a small knick - nope, it was multiple cuts in the same area like she had it out for him.  My husband found IG pics of work from a certain barber and wanted to give him a try. Called the store and kept having to repeat his simple question of if the barber was in today as if the rep was stupid. Finally the guy hangs up on my husband.......really? I wish I took a pic of his ear. Regardless, what else do you need to hear? This place stirs up much to be concerned about!
1	I really don't think they deserve any stars. I've taken my boys here several times usually waiting longer because they'll take their friends, that walked in after us, first. No longer use them.
