5	I recently had my home's windows professionally cleaned by A Pane in the Glass Window Cleaners. The owner's name is Chad and he and his business partner do the work themselves. He did an AMAZING job. It took him about 4 hours and the difference that it made is incredible. His price was extremely good, especially considering the heat, climbing on ladders, removing and replacing screens, etc, etc. You can even get a $20 off coupon on Vegas4Locals.com. Call them and see how much better your home looks with sparkling clean windows! (702) 233-9274
5	Just had my windows cleaned again by this company. Washed all windows inside and out upstairs and down. He made sure there were no streaks. All windows are sparking clean now. Showed up on time and completed work efficiently. This is the third time I have had this service performed by them (they also do chimney sweeping which I've had done one by them, also did a great job).
5	On time, professional, friendly, and most importantly Chad was very hard working and a perfectionist. He spent his time on each window and now they sparkle. My house looks so much fresher and cleaner. I have my new window go to.Wonderful work... very happy with the results. :-)
5	Chad was friendly and on time. He made my windows sparkle again. I would recommend his service to anyone. When he got to my house he introduced himself. He walked around my place and gave me a quote. When I asked him when he could do the work, he said he was ready to do them right then. I thought I would have to wait a couple days. I was very surprised at how clean he got my screens. He has a conditioner he used on them, and they came out looking new again. He was very tidy inside my house as well. I will definitely use this service again.
5	I just had my windows cleaned by this Company an they did an excellent job inside an out as well as the screens. They were punctual an I would highly recommend them any day of the week. . Thanks so much !!!
1	I called to ask some questions pertaining to their business and the guy on the phone hung up on me. Great customer service!
