3	This place has pretty good sushi!  Whats even better is that they let you bring your own wine.Its pretty busy so its best to call ahead (especially on the weekend)Prices are descent and cute atmosphere.
5	Great Japanese food, cooked to perfection, everything tasted amazing.
4	Probably the best sushi in Montreal for the price and it might because not many people now about it. It actually has authentic Japanese texture, which means it's not like all the other places in this price range where they offer Wonton soup, Vietnamese Spring Rolls and anything else that Montrealers think is "asian" food. I had the Sushi plate which included 15 pieces of assorted Sashimi, Sushi and maki rolls. $15 + tip and you can bring your own, wine, beer, saki, whatever you have in your fridge.
5	My favorite sushi in Montreal: service is outstanding, in an easy going atmosphere. Bring your own wine! What else can you ask for?
5	Located in the Mile-End, this bring-your-own-wine intimate sushi restaurant is simply my favorite sushi place in Montreal! First, the staff. They are all SO nice, i've basically come to know them a bit (seeing as I'm a regular). Service is always with a smile, they are super attentive to their clients' needs. Second, the SUSHI. Always fresh, i've never been disappointed with their quality - really consistent! What's fun about this restaurant is that it also offers delicious dishes (the steak is great - i'm telling you!). So you can also bring along people that are "not that into sushi".  They have steak. No excuses.Third, the bring your own wine. Hello?!  How rare to find a BYOW sushi place in MTL. I can count them on one hand. So yeah, that's pretty cool. Enough said! Lastly, the price. Very decent, you get so much more than what you pay for.Go!
5	Went here as part of their re-opening (after fire damage), and had a fantastic meal.I didn't see the place before, but the new look is good. It's fancy enough you could bring someone here to impress them, while still being a good spot for a bunch of friends to come, talk, and have a good time. There's a separate area at the back which would be good for bigger groups.We had a special set menu (for the re-opening), and all of it was very, very good. I don't know where these guys are getting their fish, but it's the best I've had in Montreal. We had a lot of small taster dishes, and it was tough to decide on which I liked best: the soba noodles, the seared salmon, the butterfish, etc. They were all good interpretation of traditional Japanese dishes - not too far out to be something else, but different enough to make them interesting.I was going to give the place a solid 4 stars, but then the final sushi plate came out, and it went to 5! It was the best sushi I've had in Montreal - seriously, I would come here over Park any day. It was all spot-on. The eel they served was the best eel I've best eel I've ever had, and I've lived in Japan in the midsummer (when there is a special day just for eating eel!).
5	I was won over by the non-sushi options. ie the real Japanese food.The seafood was fresh and expertly marinated and cooked. The grilled calamari were heavenly!  The sushi was great too, as was the price point and service! Plus it's a BYOB, gotta love that...
5	Best sushi place in town!  Service and food are always amazing.  With the new renovations Yuukai is just took it  to the next level. I am so happy they re-opened even bigger and better then before. The prices are beyond responsible for what you get and you can bring your own wine. It really doesn't get any better.  Make sure to try whatever the chef special of the day is, they never disappoint.
4	Excellent sushi for a very decent price. Just reopen 3 months ago after a devastating fire. DIshes are beautiful and very tasty. You can find more delicate sushis, but rarely better at this price. BYOB is a great bonus. Cool ambiance and good service.
3	I tried this place with a friend after hearing/reading rave reviews and fiercely missing good sushi after a trip to Japan. Maybe I'm spoiled now but I found the majority of the sushi we ate to be quite good (not mind blowing) with the standouts being the amazing unagi (eel) and excellent beef tartare. Freshness was bang-on (though I admit, I've had even fresher at some local all-you-can-eats). Stunning plating and attentive staff. I think the only major reason for the three stars is that I felt it was a bit overpriced. I'd rather pay a bit less on food and not bring my own wine.
4	Just visited Montreal this week. This restaurant is REALLY good! The quality and freshness was amazing. Everything that we ordered looked delicious! I like the bring your own wine as well.. Makes for a great night. The salmon tar tar was great and I enjoyed the Victoria roll very much
5	Best sushi!! Very fresh. The rolls are creative as well. Their seafood miso soup is awesome!!! Packed with flavours!Also, their unagi (eel) sushi is the best eel sushi I ever had!!! Must try!
4	BRING YOUR OWN WINE! Went to yuukai for a small 3 person birthday dinner. Turned out great.Food : very good! The sushi tasted great, the rolls were properly done. I always order sashimi (to really taste the fish) and it was up to par. Even for a BYOW, the prices were very reasonable. I asked for a birthday cake and it was DELICIOUS - we really didn't expect that.Service : the wait staff was very nice and professional. They served us quickly, they checked on us - which is somewhat a stretch for most byow. KudosDecor : simple chic. Asian flare but nothing over the top - just enough. Great job on the lighting  (bad lighting is one of my pet peeves so I had to mention that).
5	The BEST sushi in town! They never disappoint after all these years! Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/11/09/yuukai-the-all-time-favourite-for-sushi/
4	Such a cute place hiding in the middle of mile end. Cabbed to Yuukai on a chilly friday night, and it was worth every penny.   Great sashimi, sushi and maki selection. Everything from the presentation to the taste was done perfectly. The presentation may not be as creative as saint sushi but the quality of the fish is no less. The atmosphere was very class and cozy. It was also nice that there is alot of space in the restaurant so you dont have to expect to touch elbows with the stranger next to you. Perfect for a quiet date night in my opinion.  The service could've been a little bit faster but it could be because we were starving.Price is very reasonable for a la carte sushi, around 40-60 for two. It's also BYOB so don't forget to drop by the SAQ before you head to the restaurant !
5	My absolute favorite sushi in montreal.I go there at least once a month with some friends, and we bring a bottle of wine from the SAQ.The waitress/waiter are so friendly and nice, eager to make suggestions.The atmosphere is simple, and nice. Its not a supper club, but fairly pleasant, and always packed.The beef sashimi/gyozas/sunshine roll are heavenly...Prices are reasonable also.Always a 5** experience
4	Came here once with a girlfriend. Liked that the place is BYOW and we most definitely had a good time.The service was a bit slow despite showing up for early dinner, the food is fresh with the right amount of sophistication (not overly complicated as some sushis can turn out to be nowadays but not plainly boring either). Portion size are decent bordering the smaller end. Price wise is a little high in my opinion. For two we ended up with a +60$ bill despite the BYOW factor and walking away with a mediumly full stomach.Would revisit if I happen to be in the area.
