5	Ok, first and foremost I have to declare that I worked at this amazing cafe/restaurant for 3 years and it holds more than a small place in my heart. Take from this what you will and add your own pinch of salt for any bias you think I might hold...This is the best cafe in Edinburgh. The cakes are phenomenal- my top five features 'Carrot Passion', 'White Chocolate Fudge Slice', 'Toast Vanilla Cupcakes', 'Fruity Flapjacks-apricot over cherry' and finally the classic 'Victoria Sponge'. Everything here is freshly made and delicious. There are over 15 different tea varieties and it's all served in individual pots which brew the leaves beautifully. Then there's the smoothies, oh the smoothies. We cared a lot about finding just the right smoothie blend and it was a moment of pride when we got the fruit combo just right. Milkshakes are also a bit of a treat here. They use the best ice cream I've ever had in them and aren't shy about it!So that's the cafe side of things covered, now the food. I think I was one of the luckiest people in the world getting staff meals here. During the day there is a very tasty selection of sandwiches which far exceed the run of the mill you get most places. Think Pastrami with Apricot Chutney or Mushroom Pate with toasted Pine Nuts. So so delicious. Everything comes with a big side salad and home made dressing. Then there's the breakfast. So good there is a queue down the street almost every weekend. Eggs Benedict and French Toast. Yum!At night the cafe vibe gives way for a restaurant feel. As the candles come out the menu poshes itself up a bit. Pigeon with red cabbage and monkfish with black olive potatoes are faultless. The chefs here are great and really know what they're doing. The owner Karen is almost always around and it's clear she takes great pride Toast. Toast is a great place right in the middle of studenty Marchmont. We often had parents in here treating their (student budget starved) children to a meal out. I would recommend it to anyone though. How I miss it so.
4	In my young and impressionable days of 2nd year (at Uni) my prospective landlord took me and my flat chums to Toast as a place to discuss the finer details of the lease I was about to sign.  Its upmarket menu and affluent clientele are fitting of the prices on show. Nonetheless my landlord was paying and I subsequently had a scrumptious duck and noodle soup resulting in a signed lease and a set of happy chaps.  I'll Toast to that. (cringe)
4	For me, toast is something that is boring, something that is the last thing you want to eat in the morning.Toast the cafe/restaurant however, is something different all together - I coulkd eat here all the time and it really wouldnt matter what time of day it was!The cafe side of things is something a bit special - its like all the best bits of cafes everywhere in one. The smoothies are good, and the cakes are always fresh and amazing - well worth the calories.The more serious food side is also something that might suprise you - the menu is well made, a lot of excellent sounding (and I'm happy to say excellent tasting) dishes.The atmosphere is pretty great, Toast is in the middle of Marchmont, a studenty area, so its laid back and fun - if a little busy sometimes.
5	Belgian Waffles with Bacon...holy shit.My stomach says yes but my arteries cry no. Excellent, swift service, chatty staff and comfortable seats. The smoothie was...smooth, my 5 a day has never tasted so great.They should open up somewhere closer to the city center!
5	I can only reiterate the sentiments of a previous reviewer here, and point out that bekgian waffles with bacon are quite possibly the greatest culinary invention to grace the planet. They're excellent anywhere, and Toast does not disappoint.The main drawback of this is that the waffles are so good I never actually get round  to trying anything else, all of which looks excellent by the way.I don't even care that it's overpriced, it's all about the waffles.
4	Walking to Toast through Marchmont is pleasant enough, but the first time I went to this cafe, I was headed from the university catered residence (Pollock Halls) and it wasn't the prettiest. By the time Toast came into view, I was tired and a little confused by it's layout; it is, literally, a box! The best way to describe its appearance would be likening it to a fancy food stand in extreme proportions.The cafe itself isn't half bad! It's quite cosy and was full of customers when I was there. The breakfast is particularly impressive, with some traditional options like haggis, as well as croissants, french toast and pancakes. If I lived in Marchmont, I would probably be there quite often!
4	The paper, a latte, a relaxed weekend breakfast that someone else cooks - that is how a good Saturday starts.  And there is something addictive about Toast...I have been in with a variety of people, all with varying tastes and ideas about what makes a good breakfast, but Toast never fails to satisfy.  Unless you can't get a table - which shows how popular it is.  Eggs benedict, the fresh fruit smoothies and the breakfast fry-up are all firm favourites but, last time I was in, I decided  to be a bit more adventurous...French toast with goats cheese and tomato chutney sounded a litle daunting for breakfast!  But it was full of flavour and had an addictive strangeness that I now sometimes crave. It's a lovely wee spot, although we prefer it when it's a bit quieter; coffee and home-made cake after a rough day is also good!
4	Great atmosphere, good and unique food. Cute place, can't complain. The menu at lunch departs from the usual cafe fare, which is a great change of pace. At night, there is ample lighting from candles, and would make a nice place to go to dinner on a date or for a special occasion. The dinner menu is a bit pricey (in comparison to where a student would normally eat) but is a nice break from the Pub atmosphere. Relaxed, homey, beautifully decorated, friendly staff. Highly recommended!
4	Toast is one of those places where you can get a really good quality basic breakfast.  The menu has old time favourites of french toast with various tasty extras, croissants with nom inducing fillings, eggs benedict, morning rolls and full breakfasts.  On the weekends they add in really exciting looking sandwiches/bagels.  The setting is cozy and it is clearly a firm favourite for brunchers from all over Edinburgh because every weekend (that I've been there anyway) it's packed to the gills.  Breakfast is one of those meals which you expect to be really cheap, but then you get a coffee and maybe a juice and all of a sudden it's more expensive than lunch!  I can't place the blame on Toast, though, because this seems to be the case anywhere you go.  Despite this, every visit I'm left wishing I lived just a bit closer so I could frequent this lovely cafe a bit more often.
5	Still serves the best full Scottish breakfast I've ever enjoyed... I miss Edinburgh! There's usually a copy of the List hanging around for you to peruse whilst waiting for your breakfast. I wish more coffee shops would offer a free copy of the List to flick through rather than acting as a magazine retailer.
5	I tried several different restaurants during my stay in Edinburgh and Toast was my favorite.  The place is small but the food was the best I've ever tasted. The most delicious food I had during my travels to the UK!Nancy San Diego, CA USA
4	I do love a good cooked breakfast, and Marchmont's "Toast" is up with the best I have found.This place is tiny but always busy at the weekends, often with a queue out the door (and they don't take bookings) but I have never had a problem being seating fairly quickly - just don't turn up with a big group on a Saturday or Sunday morning and expect to be catered for without some fuss.They have a very small menu (due to their very small kitchen) and so they will struggle to customise the options during busy periods, but will always endeavour to try.  It does mean that you can be expected to be served very quickly though.Its not exactly a cheap breakfast, but you are getting what you pay for - the food is all high quality and cooked to perfection, with their home made baked beans being incredible. Definitely worth getting out of bed for on a Sunday!
4	Fine eats! Great brunch on Sunday, which you could tell simply from the fact that it's still packed well past 2pm. (they do brunch until 3pm) Besides, it's cheap. Staff are quick and friendly, and they have damn tasty eggs!Beverage Bonus: If you order tea, one serving is practically enough for five cups.
5	I've been looking for an excuse to visit Toast for awhile now having heard of its reputation for providing the best brunch in Edinburgh. Since I've recently moved to Marchmont and Toast is now around the corner from my flat it seemed rude not to pop in for some weekend brunch. It's a clear sign of the reputation of Toast when you arrive at 11:30am on a Saturday and the queue for tables is out the door. Having a book with me was quite happy to wait for a table, which was less than 10 minutes. The staff are really friendly and promised to get everyone in as quickly as possible. There was a constant queue for tables the entire time I was there which made me feel quite guilty about sitting on a table by all myself (though I told the staff I was more than happy to share should any other solitary soul turn up looking for food.) Normally when I'm out for brunch I like to linger a bit, maybe have another cup of tea and read the weekend papers but the place was just so busy it felt wrong to camp on a table for any longer than absolutely necessary. I'm sure the staff would never have said anything to suggest that they needed the table asap, it was my own guilt (and the fact I scoffed my food down so fast) that had me out the door after only 45 minutes. I opted for pancakes with fresh summer fruit and a smoothie (stocking up on my 5 a day) though I asked for maple syrup instead of the fresh cream that normal comes with the pancakes. It does say on the menu that at busy times they may not be able to accommodate changes to the menu but even though the place was packed to the rafters the waitress told me it was no problem. When my pancakes arrived they were buried under a mountain of fresh fruit. I actually had to dig a bit to check there were in fact pancakes under there. I really wish I had a photo to show you how stunning it looked but the truth is I was so hungry I wasn't even prepared to hold off for 30 seconds to take one! I was seated right next to the door and overheard a lot of conversations with the lovely owner and the people waiting in the queue. She seems to know everyone and greeted them by name, asking after kids and catching up since the last time people had visited. I love that she takes the time to do that. It made the place seem 100 times more welcoming and I now aspire to reach this level of regular myself. I was also admiring the artwork around the walls. Like the customers sitting below, the walls are packed with pictures and paintings. It wasn't until after I left that I found out that Toast allow local artists to display their work on the walls. I really wish I'd known this when I was there as there were one or two paintings that I really loved and would have made enquiries if I'd known I could potentially buy one. The food, the atmosphere and the staff all combine to make this such a lovely place to eat. I definitely intend to become a regular here.
4	Toast is famous for one particular meal: brunch. After leaving Glasgow and a very-favourite brunch spot, I have been on a quest to find an Edinburgh equivalent. From the first glance of Toast's brunch menu, you can see they take brunch very seriously. Pancake stacks, waffles, eggs benny, full breakfasts, granola and yoghurts, as well as bagels and sandwiches.And the fillings are particularly interesting. I had a bagel with smoked salmon and poached salmon. Double salmon-ing. It was quite delicious. The eggs royale opposite me (eggs benedict with smoked salmon) looked divine. The eggs were beautifully poached, and it also came with a sort of pesto olive oil drizzled around the outside.I've heard that the pancakes are divine, and the fruit option comes with seasonal fruit. So on that occasion there were nectarines and peaches over the pancakes, not just the usual blueberries.It's a fairly small premise, with quite a lot of tables. It has a good vibe about it, and I believe you do need to queue for brunch at the weekends. We got there at 2pm after a good hike around Blackford Hill, and managed to get a table as the 12noon crowd were leaving. They do brunch all day at the weekends too I think.The only thing that put me off slightly was the attitude of one of the staff members. When I asked if a table was free (it was empty) a staff member was just putting a plate of her own food down and said in quite a surly, impatient manner "Uh, I'm sitting here. But there's another over there." (Pointing vaguely). I am very understanding, and know after a busy brunch rush you can be tired and hungry. And fair enough, it is maybe the staff table for their lunches. I just didn't like the way she spoke to me. But all the other staff were lovely, so I'll see it as a tired, hungry staff member who was perhaps having a bad day.I will definitely come back to Toast for brunch. The other options looked great too, and the cake cabinet was very tempting.
5	I love Toast.French toast and fresh coffeeMake for a perfect weekend brunch.I agree with the rest of the lovely yelp bunch,this place is fab.The big pile of up to date magazines is also a plus and I love the cakes here too.If I could visit this place every weekend I could ,friendly staff,great food and the relaxed atmosphere make me wish I lived next door!
4	This. is. Americana. Edinburgh shamefully is not cosmopolitan enough to have TRULY caught on to brunch. Sure there are a few places that do it, but it's not really a 'thing'. I guess there will be some level of adjustment period from the full Scottish fry-up AND the problem with the girls with the line from your tights that you can see outside of your mini-skirts - that's gonna keep you away from true cosmopolitan-ness for a loooong time. So, Toast is a welcome addition to my life. I miss NY, I miss brunch with goat cheese omelettes and fancy bloody mary's and pancakes with reductions... Saturday morning with an adorable stranger (or not so stranger) is made so much better by being able to not stare at each other across your kitchen while you're covered in yesterday's make-up feeling hungover and wanting to do nothing but have someone pour you a cup of coffee... and you have to make your own AND possibly some for him. UGH. Toast makes life bearable.
3	Loses a star for very very slow service but the food was good. There's an extensive selection on the menu from healthy porridge and granola/museli and yogurt options through to the full English breakfast via pancakes, waffles, muffins, eggs benny, scrambled eggs.  There's some lunch options - bagels and sandwiches too.The OH had the full English and it's fair to say that when my pancakes arrived, I definitely had menu envy.  He let me try his scrambled eggs and they were delicious.  He definitely made the better choice.  My pancakes were nice but nothing special.  Topped with orange infused apricots and drowned in an orange flavoured syrup which was too sweet, I felt like I had been short changed. OH's plate was loaded with bacon, sausages, a huge pile of scrambled eggs, haggis, beans and potato scone.  And toast. If you live in this part of town it's a handy local place. I'm not sure I would travel across town to visit as there are other places just as good if not better nearer home.
2	Loses three stars for certain things and Yes, I have experienced better.It's ashame as i thought it had a better reputation than what I experienced.  Cakes were good, My mum was after something a bit more substantial but the kitchen was closed by the time we had arrived.Just felt like the atmosphere had been sucked out the building - the tables are set out in a very formal way and feels quite tight.On a positive note.  The cake was nice, the mint slice is a favourite of mine and this one was tasty.  Mum had the carrot cake which she said was good too.But the coffee had alot to be desired.  Instant would have been better than what we had.  I barely had two sips and couldn't drink anyone.  It was lacking coffee, it was almost like the shot wasn't poured correctly and tasted of watered down milk. Unfortunately this visit for me gets a 2 star. I will come back and give it another go and hope I can give it a least 4 stars.  Looking at previous reviews I may come back for brunch as this seems to be the best seller for Jenny L and Kelly F.Sorry Toast but I have experience better elsewhere for this occasion.
4	Loving Toast!!!!Last few Sundays I have started coming here for brunch and its really great. Good selection of your typical breakfast options with some further variety thrown in.Most recently I went for the croque monsiuer which was deleciious, but having had the eggs benedict, the full breakfast and the pancakes on other visits on the food front so far nothing has disappointed.Why the loss of a star, the service is erm varied. Some members of staff are lovely, charming and very efficient....others...welll....are not. Also its not a bif thing at all but they dont have fresh organge juice which I find very weird for a place totally geared up for brunch.All in all its a great place but there is a little room for improvement! Still though, brunch at Toast comes JD Recommended!
5	I got lunch here with some friends once. Such a cute spot to eat and great food. Everything is really well-prepared.The desserts are AMAZING. The cupcakes, cake, etc. are definitely worth trying if you go!
