4	Tout nouveau dans le QdS, beau bar moderne style loft, belle ambiance, on y sert aussi de la bouffe !
4	Very sexy new downtown bar, tucked away but packed every time I've tried to check it out so far nevertheless. I'll update when I have a chance to actually sit, eat and partake!
5	Managed to check this place out properly with the darling Helen and her mustachioed man. Arriving at 4:45 I had my pick of seating and chose a comfy bench tucked behind the bar. Service was friendly, not rushed but not at all slow, French but comfortably bilingual. With several affordable and tasty wine options by the glass, and super delicious fresh tartare, attractive lighting and lovely, deceptive use of mirrors and levels this space achieves the romantic out-of-time feeling I love most in bars. After 5:30 the vibe was decidedly after-work and the crowd older than I'm used to up in the mile end. We joked that these folks were trying to pick up and close deals and unearth state secrets all in one 5a7. Pretty enjoyable for what it is, I'd come back  again when I am in the area before 5pm, or with a reservation, or when the initial buzz dies down making this joint less oh so uber trendsky. I am definitely happy to have Furco here though, it's part of a happy uptick in tasty non-skeez downtown night life and a great use of space in the too-long sketchy and mostly empty old fur district.
4	A much needed classy joint in the old sometimes-sketchy fur district, Furco offers a warm atmosphere, good cocktails, nice wine list, and great place to meet new people.
5	Visited Montreal for New Years & to enjoy incredibly cold weather and we were rewarded with a tip about this place by the staff at Le Filet.The execution of the decor alone demands significant respect.  The space fully respects the concrete/loft nature of the environment and intermixes industrial materials, mainly steal + unique lighting, to create a hip refined ambiance.The beer selection is top notch.  Cocktail list is extensive and well executed.  The food also, highly enjoyable.
5	With the soap container were replaced with ketchup bottled, the bathrooms were quite nice. There are 3 bathrooms : men, women and both : ) If you get bored of washing your hands the conventional way, there is the giant water fountain to clean your hands that is reminiscent of a school time when everyone used to wash their hands together. The crowd was mid 20's to 30's, it was a good looking variety of men, mainly French men , lots of French friendly men,  enthusiastic happy bunch of people. More men than women My friends told me the drinks were great and the price was reasonable. Maybe it was the youthful decor but this place reminded of the high school spirit  without the awkwardness that I always felt being labelled as a nerd. Nerds are considered cool over here. A quick tip: get there before midnight or you will get caught in the line.
3	I think that my visit to Furco was tainted by it's own success.  I headed there with a bunch of colleagues just before 5, hoping to beat the 5pm rush, and arrived to find a lineup.  It moved quickly enough, but once we were inside we understood why there was a lineup . . . wall to wall people, everywhere!  It felt like it was 10pm, not 5pm, it was such a happening spot!  Which is great if that's the vibe you're going for, but for me at 5pm I just want to relax and have a few drinks, not feel strangers bums hitting my own bum, while yelling into the ears of my drinking buddies to be heard.  The staff was a mixed bag, the bartenders seemed to love the energy, and were energetic and happy.  One waitress in particular was really not feeling it, and was pushy to the point of nearly knocking people over.However all that being said, it was quite nice for such a packed and happening place.  Ordering an old fashioned rewarded me with a smile from the bartender, and I was delighted to see it served with an orange peel curl. It was nice and strong as well.  An interesting mix of people, some older, some younger, a lot of suits.  It provided a lot of good people watching opportunities.  The decor was hit and miss.  I know a lot of people enjoy the industrial meets polished look, and I do too.  But I found that the industrial part was a bit too unpolished for me.  Insulation poking out from between the windows?  Eeeeek.  But the lights, the bar, the furniture, all top notch.The food looked (and smelled) really good.  I would be interested to return on a less busy day to order a few dishes to share.
3	3 stars cuz it is not my dig but it is big and super beautiful and they basically have a barstaff of models (female and male) for the patrons (i.e., spectators) to google over for the duration of the night. I like a little dance with my drink which is why I am just A-OK and also this place is just getting PACKED these days. But again, it is so pretty! And everyone is so pretty there... maybe that is also my issue? I guess I would prefer it to be a bit grimier but to each his own!
4	Managed to make it here for a 5a7.  It was a good sign that on one of the relatively few recent nice days outside Furco was busy, since they don't have an outside, but people were still coming.The decor reminds me a lot of Philemon in Old Montreal with all the industrial looking walls, wood, etc.  It does seem to be in a rather odd location, but maybe it revitalizes the area a bit.The crowd seemed to be friendly, not d-bag at all.  At least for the 5a7 it was mostly an after work crowd, not sure if it changes once the sun sets.The drinks were reasonably priced, but I did not have a chance to sample the food.I definitely need to go back and try it at night to see the atmosphere.
2	I really don't know what all the hype is about with this place. Located in the old fur district, you wouldn't know Furco was there unless someone specifically told you. The space is OK, but not fantastic; it's too dim and pretty plain if you're talking decor. It also gets very loud, making conversation difficult unless you've got supersonic hearing. I haven't acquired that ability yet but I'm working on it. The best part of this space are the huge front windows that open up. I mean, it's OK but I've seen better spaces.I wasn't blown away by the service; after the waitress took our order, we never saw her again. A guy who could've been a waiter or a busboy (who knows?) did ask us if we wanted another round and we appreciated that. The place was pretty busy for a Tuesday and he seemed to be doing a lot of running around so I'll give him bonus points for keeping an eye on us.  I ordered a vodka and ginger with lime. The drink was refreshing, not too sweet and the ginger gave it a little kick at the end. I think they used ginger beer as opposed to ginger ale. Price-wise, cocktails were $10.50 + tax. OK I guess, as it's more or less on par with other places.In terms of its patrons, I found Furco to be pretentious, and that's not really my thing. If you work in the area, stop by, but don't go out of your way. There are plenty of other places to drink at.
5	Excellent place for a night out in town. Good music (live dj), crowded with good ambiance, and absolutely perfect food. The menu is small but the dishes have blown me away. A must try!! The only cons: they don't take reservations.
4	Not bad, good place, a bit crowded but nice client base. Food is very acceptable but service could be a little bit faster...Edit... After a couple visits recently, service is better and I have to admit the food is getting better every time.
4	Went to Furco with my Happy Hour buddy on a Friday evening and we were pleasantly surprised to see how full this place was.  Don't get me wrong, nothing like a Thursday night where you can barely walk in the place, but as opposed to other Fridays where we've been there in the past, the bars and all the tables were occupied.  Cozy and relax atmosphere, always new finger food plates to share, and our barmaid (Sarah) always on the lookout for us.  What else can we ask for!?!
3	I felt like I was in new york.. even the location its so wicked. The food wasnt so great but the wine was delicious. . But I loved the place better then the food.
1	I can sum this place up very quickly. Crap, with over priced, watered down drinks. I've seen molasses drip quicker in the middle of winter than I was served at this wannabe bar.I joined my wife and two other friends for drinks. They had been there about 20 minutes when I arrived. I sat down and waited to place my drink order (theirs was almost finished). I then waited and waited and waited and waited and waited and...... I did watch the barman hit on a table of women, while I waived my hand frantically to get his attention. Even standing at the bar didn't seem to phase him to much. Then, when I thought he was going to come to the bar to serve me, he actually went to another table to talk to women. I went back to my table and was about to tell my party we should leave when finally someone came by. Apparently ordering a drink from them was them doing me a favor. The person didn't even ask if anyone else wanted refills. When I finally got my beer, about 5 minutes after ordering it, the rest of my table tried to order, but once again, it seemed like the waiter was doing us a favor. We finished our drinks and quickly left. Looking forward to seeing this place shut down.Absolutely worst experience in a bar in a long, long time. The tip reflected what I thought of the service. 1 cent was left.
3	Came here with a small group of friends after a long day. Ordered the meat and cheese plate and a few beers. Beer selection was great, as was the food. Just wished there was better description of what we were eating (either through the menu or the servers) for the sole purpose of knowing what mystery meats and cheeses we were all consuming. Can't say the mystery added to the deliciousness of the food, but the food was good. Overall, can't complain.
5	LOKI ALERT!Went to Furco one night after failing to find my friends during Jazz Fest and ended up with something better. There was a bartender here who looked like the blond version of Tom Hiddleston. Now if he would only speak with a British accent, that would be perfect. My friends and I were too focused on comparing his facial features with pictures of Tom Hiddleston that we forgot to ask for his name. I was surprised this place was actually so busy at night, on a Sunday. Don't know if Montreal-ers are just hardcore drinkers or Furco was just really good. This place is tucked away in a quiet small street. and looked quite charming. I wanted a raspberry white chocolate cake but their kitchen was closed. I ended up ordering a cosmopolitan.I'm definitely coming back here again to try out their food and the cake that got away. For those of you who want to check out a celebrity look alike, you should probably check out Furco too!
4	Is this a lawyer bar? It struck me as a lawyer bar. I intend no disrespect by asking the question. I'm a recovering lawyer. The vibe, clientele and setting struck me as a bar frequented by professional types (lawyers, business folks, etc.). Perhaps the floor-to-ceiling glass and smart bar had something to do with the feeling. Is this bar in the financial district? Business district? FUR district? There's a fur district? Really? Oh, Canada...Once I got a slight sense of my bearings, I got to the business of drinking... which is why I was here. The Yelp category may read 'wine bar' but my cocktail needs were quite well attended. Having gotten back on an Old Fashioned kick the night before, I decided to order one. There wasn't much of a twist to the prep, but the taste was familiar, the drink was strong and the experience was solid. Again, I came in expecting to be overrun with francophones giving me sideyes for my franglais. Nope. The bar staff was quite comfortably bilingual and everyone I encountered was quite nice. In fact, may I say, they were lovely. My friend ordered a Moscow Mule and was quite taken with her beverage. From my experience, I would say that the bar caters more to ladies. The bartenders were all guys and quite chatty with the female patrons... who were vying for their attention. I suppose guys could come here in search of the halo effect... but that's never a good look to/for anyone. Have some self-respect. Come here for a buttoned-up classic cocktail (or, glass of wine) in a respectable, grown-up setting.
4	Furco is located in the fur district tends to attract young professional types (at least at happy hour).  It's got a very industrial feel to it and in summer they have a nice terrasse right on the street.  Cocktails are around $11 but they are adequately strong so you get your money's worth.  I was a fan of the Aperol spritz which is hard to come by here in Montreal.  There was also a small food menu but we didn't try anything though it did look good judging by what people at other tables were ordering.  I'd definitely be up for coming back here but maybe outside of happy hour to see what it's like then.
4	Very hip and trendy bar located in a seemingly deserted alleyway in Downtown Montreal. Great atmosphere, decent drinks and munchies. Been here a few times and music has been top notch each time. Definitely a go to bar in my book. (Gets pretty crowded quickly so head there a little earlier if you want a table)
4	Furco. I'm a repeat offender. Been for drinks and dinner. Both were super good. When I'm in the area, this is the spot. The crowd varies depending on when you go. Always super busy. Date spot for sure. Actually it is loaded with couples but not in the cheesy way. Let's just say it is fun to people watch here. Service is good. Drinks are good. Casual cool vibe.
2	Walked in late and the music was way too loud for a wine bar. It seemed like a nice location. I will have to try again on another night.
