1	Went here because there was a coupon for Buy One Get One 50% Off deal so i figured i can get some food that'll last me a while so no cooking for the next day.Spam MusubiSpam was cut REALLY thin and rice was piled on high. Should be renamed to "Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam"Seafood ComboShrimp TempuraFrom the people that brought you "Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam" comes Tempura With Just a Hint of Shrimp Between Thick Coats of Fried Batter. Mahi MahiWell it's lightly battered. Lightly as in how much spam is in the Rice Musubi with just a light hint of spam. LAUGHABLY thin i mean pork cutlets don't get this thin. Let me put it this way. When i opened the takeout container i saw everything except for the mahi mahi, got the menu to confirm there was mahi mahi then got ready to call the place because they forgot to give me the mahi mahi, it turns out it was under the shrimp but i didnt see it or think about it because it's laughably thin.BBQ ChickenHello? HELLO?! TASTE?! FLAVOR?! AROMA?! ANYTHING?! yeah has no taste...put some MSG on it or somethingMacaroni SaladTastes like Mayo! (I hate mayo!)The other plate i got is the BBQ ComboBBQ BeefI swear they keep a deli slicer in the back so they can slice meat as THINLY AS POSSIBLE. Texture suggests the beef is brined with a baking soda solution to give it a softer more artificial tender.Korean style Short RibI cant even look at it considering how disappointed i am with everything. Since it's beef it's most likely going to have the artificial tender baking soda solution trick texture and an overpowering cheap marinade taste.Hello L&L Hawaiian BBQGood Bye L&L Hawaiian BBQ i hope i never have to resort to eating at this chain or location ever again.
3	I just moved to a new area, so we went exploring down Rainbow Blvd for somewhere to eat.  I noticed the familiar L&L logo in this plaza and immediately thought of the L&L back home at Puente Hills Mall.  I love me some BBQ and rice, so I couldn't resist! Went here the first time with a BFF.  On our visit it was nice and clean; a small hole in the wall location, they had a few booths to sit in.  We ordered the BBQ Mix plate and actually just shared it (since it was breakfast for us).  Although empty upon our arrival, the place quickly became busy.  The second time, I ordered to-go.  Both times the food was good, but I have yet to veer away from my usual BBQ plate and try their other menu items, so for now, my review will remain at 3 stars.I definitely will be coming back to this place when I'm craving some Hawaiian food. =)
3	I had the BBO mix.  It was fine, nothing bad, but nothing memorable either.  This is typical of L&L everywhere, nothing special, but it will do in a pinch.
3	Not really one of the better L&L locations. It's small, not super busy. I was in the mood for some kalbi (when am I not?) and we headed over to the closest place to my house.My fella and I shared a kalbi plate and a chicken and a spam musubi. The food was pretty plentiful. Not the best cooked or cut of kalbi I've ever had, but it did in a pinch. The mac salad (which I'm not really a fan of typically, anyway) had a little too much mayonnaise for my taste. Musubi is a solid choice, but it's hard to mess that up.All in all, just ok. Close and it'll do in a pinch, but not the best I've ever had.
2	I only got food in here because the Indian place I was gonna eat at wasn't open yet, and Albertsons didn't have any more naan to make my own Indian. Therefore I was not in the mood for Hawaiian, I sort of just settled on it after my laziness and hunger got the best of me.I think Ohana Hawaiian is better. I got the mini Barbecue Chicken. It was a little greasy, but tasted good. The macaroni salad was okay (I like Ohanas' better). Rice was nice;) Staff was pleasant, service was fast. Price was good.
2	We came in tonight because my boyfriend was craving some Hawaiian BBQ Chicken and because another Hawaiian restaurant (that's closer to us) was closed today.Though their prices are reasonable and the portions are plenty, the food was just so-so. We both got BBQ Chicken plates which came with macaroni salad and free fountain drinks (which was cool). The chicken was tender, but lacking some flavor. So, it was better dipped into the teriyaki sauce they provided. The mac salad was bland and you could only taste (and see) how much mayo was in it.We've been here once before and always believe in trying a place a second time (just in case their kitchen was having an off day). However, their food hasn't changed much and I don't foresee us coming back anytime soon.
4	I used to go to the L&L at the Puente Hills Mall in SoCal all the time when I was in high school. This was the first time I came across an L&L in Vegas, probably because they're mostly located on the East side, so I was pretty delighted. This location is very small, but don't let that deter you. They have a lot of specials hanging on the walls and posted on the windows. To name a few, they have Calamari - $3.99, Thai Tea - $1.99, 10 malasadas - $4, 2 eggrolls - $1.50, Spam fried rice - $5.50. I just went with the usual Chicken Katsu and Don got Mochiko Chicken. I'm glad we both decided to get mini plates because they were huge! I remember when I used to go to L&L the mini plates were actually mini. When we went yesterday, the plates were almost the size of the regular ones. Each plate is probably good for two people. We both finished a little over half and took the rest home. I'm honestly not sure if the actual portion changed or if it was the plate though because we had one scoop of rice and one scoop of mac salad each. We definitely got more meat though. My plate was delicious as usual. Crunchy, well cooked Katsu and tasty mac salad. I've always prefered L&L's mac salad over all the other places in Vegas. I don't know if it's because I grew up on it or if it's actually better. I like that they gave it to us in separate little containers so it stays fresh in case you want to take it home. I tried some of Don's Mochiko Chicken. It was the first time I've ever tried this type of chicken and it was good! It's deep fried, but not oily and I liked dipping it in the Katsu sauce or the curry. I'm so glad they have an L&L in my side of town :)
3	Me and my husband frequent Hawaiian food joints all the time (we love Hawaii and we love their food!)  L&L falls dead center in our wide spectrum of Hawaiian places we've tried.  Not bad, not great.  I feel like it's pretty hard to get spam and eggs wrong (one of my favs).  They do it fine (although I do feel that the spam is sort of thin).  Their loco moco (another one of my favs) is really meh.  The burger patty seems sort of thin and unflavorful.  Luckily, it's covered with gravy and that makes anything taste better!  Sometimes I feel like their BBQ is on the saltier side too.  Same with the saimin.  I totally don't care for their mac salad (its just macaroni and mayo... no other flavor!)  Aside from the negatives, its Hawaiian food.. meat, rice.  Always a good combo and satisfying to me either way!  Plus it's cheap.In any case, they do Hawaiian food OK!  A luke-warm 3 stars.
3	I use live by the original l&l in Hawaii on liliha st.now that was some good grind these franchise one it ait the same:(
2	You get what you paid for.
3	Awesome Spam Musabi!!!
4	Close to home, very convenient.  My whole family loves the katsu curry chicken because of the large portions.  Myself, I try different things to spice-it-up.  So far, so good.  We are regulars and the young girl that took our order, always remembered us and was nice.  We haven't seen her for quite some time, though.  She was great.  I have ordered party trays, also,  Everything is good.  We also love the macaroni salad.  I eat it with some rice.  It is the best.  I would love to get that recipe.  American macaroni salad at the deli is too sweet, their macaroni salad is the best and we won't eat any other.
2	I love it cause its so close to the house and the food was really good. But the person taking the order did not make eye contact with me once. The food took longer than normal. And when I received my order, I kindly said, "thanks. have a good day." He ignored it and said next in line. No bueno. First impressions are big when eating at a spot.
1	Came in to try Hawaiian for the first time. The guy working was in no mood for customers that day. I asked two questions. On the 2nd question I was told to just look at the menu. I ordered 2 of the meals. One of which was missing sauce and both tasted mediocre. Will not be returning to any L & L ever again. Avoid like the plague.
4	Having been introduced to Chicken Katsu by a Hawaiian friend, I just can't get enough of this place.  The staff is always friendly and the food is made to order...not waiting around under heat lamps. I've tried other places and their recipes for Katsu, but have always been disappointed in the preparation (either cooked too much and dry, or too greasy and limp).  L&L has always been consistent.
2	Their katsu here is great, but the BBQ plate combo for $8+ is huge and largely disappointing. Meat wasn't flavorful enough and I thought BBQ was supposed to have some kind of crispness? Their BBQ did not...Won't be coming back here, unfortunately, unless my nieces make me come back, since they like the katsu and unlimited soda refills. There are better L&L locations and even better Hawaiian food in Vegas.
1	The food was ok, but the service was awful. Called at 9, asked how late they were open. The guy said 10, so when I got there at 9:20 and said my order was "for here," he said "we close soon." I get that people want to go home at the end of their shift, but when I said "yeah, I'll be done before 10" he just gave me a dirty look. At 9:38 (yes, I looked at the time because I was annoyed), the cashier started stacking the chairs and turned the "open" light off.  I was out the door at 9:43. No acknowledgment for the tip, no thank you. Nothing.If you want to close at 9:30, or 9:45, or 3:12 for that matter, be my guest, it's your business. But don't rush me out 17 minutes before you close.  It's fast food, and I'll be fast, I promise. You stay open as long as you said you would, and I'll be out of your way by then.I'm terribly sorry for inconveniencing you by being your customer. I promise it won't happen again.
3	What's up with the people who work here? Are you guys mad that you're not in the Islands right now having REAL spam musubi and loco mocos? Deng. Service with a frown. At least I got a Non-enthusiastic "have a good day"
1	Bland food, Zero customer service ....
4	I love my L&L especially the chicken katsu. I always in the mood for local food being from the 808. Nothing more reminder of growing up plate lunches for lunch time or dinner. I know its chain so they have them all over the country. It might be more me but when in the islands everything taste better! Still everything is done most part same chicken katsu breaded same way and mac salad always been fan of. I like the barbecue chicken or beef, lau lau,  local moco, and miss few. The atmosphere just like any other L&L so feels like back home just for moment music, and see every flavor of Hawaiian Sun juice that local style!
3	I have yet to try other options but between this and Aloha, pretty much same. Descent. I need to try Roy's, although I am sure it is going to be much pricier!
3	For some really odd reason, this place only has brown rice one day a week.  Forget which day it was though.  But I am glad that they have health options such as the BBQ chicken and salad. It's really flavorful, and filling; I mean they give you like four slabs of BBQ chicken and if opt for no rice, they give you a nice salad portion as well.  I really like their dressing!  It's like a peanut sauce type of asian salad dressing; but its good!The spam to rice ratio in their musubi is wrong.  Way too much rice!But all in all, good place to get some BBQ chicken and chicken katsu. I don't like anything else on their menu.
1	Warning Hawaiian's False Advertising!I didn't even want to give this L&L one star they are selling COD and trying to pass it off as Mahi Mahi, its BULL S#%&! after complaining they admitted it wasn't Mahi!Be warned!!!
5	The food was great! I got a chicken plate and a side of beef. They have outdone themselves :)
3	Meh. Not bad. Not great. Large portions though, so good bang for your buck!
3	Came here and ordered the typical Portuguese sausage, eggs and rice. It was so quiet in there that I was scared that I was ordering my food too loudly. Anyway, food came out promptly. The sausage was a little overcooked and saltier than what I remember. The eggs were cooked perfectly at medium. Not a big fan of macaroni salad and this place reminded me of why I'm not a big fan of it. Too much mayonnaise and no other flavoring. I tried putting soy sauce on it because I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't take another bite. I frequent this chain when I'm in the mood, but this location is a little sad.
1	The garlic mahi is like limp fish sticks and the fries seemed to come out of the microwave... Nowhere near crispy. Mac salad is pasta and mayonnaise. Disappointing and will not return.
4	one of the counter girls needs a lil' personality check...but overall they are way better than ANY Other L&L in vegas that I Like!!! always great food. :)
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  The socially awkward cashier. Punch card is very specific to certain plates even if you're spending more. The random coin operated sticker/toy machine by the door.LIKE  The availability of low carb options. The Hawaiian music playing in the background. Choice of mini or regular size. Shrimp fried rice. Location close to work.LOVE  Nothing.
3	Food is okay.  This is the place to go when your tired of eating burgers and tacos!!!!
3	I'm a regular here and I usually come 3 times per week. The place is quite small but clean. I think the food is okay. However,  the lady that works here is not really friendly. Every time I tried calling in, she'd give me and my boyfriend the biggest attitude.
1	OMG!!!! The most DISGUSTING thing I ever saw... I was the last customer of the night, and what did I witness????I witnessed the owners or managers, pack LEFTOVER MARINATED RAW MEAT into their cars from the food cart, from the kitchen only covered with plastic seran wrap and packed it inside the trunk of their car? IS THAT EVEN SANITARY? That just screams SALMONELLA! I use I love their food, it's so good..... But now I know their special ingredient! I bought my food and THREW IT AWAY! I did not wanna get sick!  I been a happy customer there for a long time, but NOT anymore! I am never going back, EVER again. If you want to eat leftover, recycled meat........ Go eat there!!!
5	I never had a problem here. I come in, order, wait, and leave. I normally do take out but when I dine in everything is fine too. Sad to see it doesn't have good reviews. I always order the chicken katsu curry. I tell them to put curry on the side because I don't like how they put it all over the chicken. It becomes soggy.
5	I know that franchise places aren't always the best, but I love L&L.  I lived in Hawaii for awhile so being able to eat some food that tastes like it did in the islands is amazing.  Personally, I typically get the chicken katsu or loco moco, but I've also enjoyed the spam musubi and other items.Don't come here thinking you're gonna eat healthy cause L&L is about flavor, not calorie counting.  So run that extra mile or do those extra push ups so you can justify that fried awesomeness that is L&L!
5	Very very very good costumes service, the cashier lady  so nice, friendly, and always smile when I go there.   The food was great, I always ordering a BBQ mix, Katsu,  bento and musubi.  Man! I love this place, and always clean
4	Always decent. Been eating here for years so it's always the same. From chicken katsu plain or with curry,bbq mix plates, the musubis,saimin (which is basically ramen noodles) to the burgers and loco moco and breakfast items like spam and eggs with rice. One thing they do really good to me is the Mac salad that stuff hits the spot and you can mix it with anything you eat here and it's so good!
3	Cashier lady forgot to put my macaroni salad while she talks on the phone. First time they messed up my order.
1	Chef special was rainbow fried chicken so I asked the cashier if it taste like shoyu chicken and her reply was "I don't know what shoyu chicken is". Are u for real??? Shoyu chicken is a local food! Obviously these workers are not from Hawaii! FAIL! I ordered kalua pork and laulau combo...very disappointed...kalua was so dry and the worst part was..it did not taste like kalua pork. Laulau had no taste either.  Seriously these workers need to go to Hawaii and taste the food or hire someone who knows how local food taste like. SMH! I give this no star but yelp wont let me go through without pressing a star.
1	Service was slow, food tasted average. I got the spicy chicken plate. Reason this is a 1, the food poisoning I enjoyed all night and into the next day.
5	Consistent, Yummmmmy food!!! Fast service and dependable for catering parties!!! Ive had their Hawaiian plate, chicken katsu, Musubis, bbq mixed plate, and they were all ono/delicious!!!
2	I kept telling the girls in the front I wanted grilled ahi, but they kept saying mahi. I said it to them couple times, still, guess what I got? You guessed it, Mahi.  Its a different fish! Gaaaaaah, so mad. I walked away with the mahi and didn't want to even bother because I know there was a bit of a language barrier. It was busy and the counter was full of customers, plus I didn't have my handy husband to cool me down, so I walked away. Please know the difference between your fishes.
3	Quick, painless on the pocket, big portions... But the mac salad is too heavy on the mayo... Some of the employees are nice, but the cooks always look mean. :/
2	The worst cashier ever! No greeting, no smile and no thank you! the food was good though.
2	I've never been a fan of L&L because I've never had a good meal here. My husband wanted to come here. He ordered the mochiko chicken and I ordered the beef curry. His chicken was juicy and tasty. My beef curry was OK for the most part except one of the beef chunks wasn't cooked. It was a bit raw. My mac salad had too much mayo. If for some reason I was dragged here again, I would prob get their BBQ chicken or the mochiko chicken. I've never been a fan of their meat combos.
3	Being from Hawaii I miss a lot of the island food that I grew up with, this is one of the few places that help my cravings. Just a little disappointed that the quality of food has gone down since they've become a franchise. It's starting to taste like just another fast food joint.
2	I live right around the block to this place and was born and grew up in Hawaii so I know what I'm talking about when it comes to Hawaiian style food. This place sucks. Everything seems like it's been cooked by a person with zero passion for his/her food. Chickens dry and soaked in teriyaki sauce, along with the rest of the bbq meats. The loco moco is bland and tastes like they used a packet of gravy from Albertsons. Curry has barely any meat in it and more sauce then anything, which is super disappointing. I grew up with authentic Hawaiian fusion food and this place doesn't come close to home. It sucks cuz I've been to l and l I Hawaii that did it right, but it seems like they didn't even try here.
4	I have passed L and L Hawaiian BBQ many times and never tryed. Finally my co worker brought me some chicken katsu and pork lumpia to try. I loved it and have gone to lunch there now for the next two days after that. I have tryed the Kalua pork, laulau, aloha saiman and of course the spam musubi. Everything I have had was very delicious I even liked the Mac salad that comes with most dishes. If you like local Hawaiian food  you should check it out
