5	I stumbled across this place based on a recommendation while in Phoenix with my softball team.I can honestly say this was some of the best Mexican food I have had in years!!!!!  I will definitely be coming back here next visit.I really can't say enough good about this place.  It was awesome!They completely hooked us up too.  22 people ate, with multiple desserts and appetizers for only $250!!!  I couldn't believe how cheap this place was.
4	Mon-Fri lunch hours are filled with state employees, lobbyists, senators and representatives (during the legislative session).  This is the only times I go here b/c I work down here and it's a great place to grab lunch or to eat there.  You are not there for the ambiance.  Some construction has been going on for the past year or so to add on to this place but I really have no idea if and or when the new addition will be opened up.Let me recommend a few things:1. The Chicken Soup-- this is white meat, rice, chicken broth and pico, with fresh avocado. It is my favorite thing on the menu.2. Tacos and Enchiladas-- you can't go wrong.3. Do not order quacomole.  It is a green avocado-ish spread with cottage cheese.  Not sure why or what this is about.4. Lock your car in the parking lot.  And then double check to make sure it is locked.  **This place is located nex to: http://www.yelp.com/biz/circle-k-stores-phoenix-137#hrid:yi7ZhqXV8hG2MwF8Tlr0gw
4	I've driven past this place several times and thought it was an abandoned building.  I work in this area and know it's a real dicey neighborhood, so you can imagine my surprise when the V.P. of the company I work for invited me to eat here with him.  I was surprised to find the inside had a nice ambiance.  It felt like everyone was having a business lunch, very career trendy.  The food wasn't bad either and the service was excellent.
4	A great, newly remodeled lunch place for us state employees!  I was surprised to see such a nice looking restaurant in this area....maybe because I eat at my desk, maybe because the area is shady.  The menu has your regular mexican items, which means refried beans to yours truly.  That's okay, because I got a bean and cheese burrito and was happy to see it not smothered in melted cheese and a ton of sauce.  Although I'm sure you can get it that way if you'd like.  The chips and 2 salsa's were delicious, service was fast for a busy lunch crowd.  The inside looks really modern, without the cheap and cheesy looking mexican decor.  They have lots of space, and it's very clean.  Will definitely be back - hopefully for happy hour to try the margaritas!
3	now that the place has been remodeled it is actually looking really good. The beef chimichanga is good, but everytime I get the chicken chimichanga I find a bone in it.
3	I've been going to Oaxaca for years and the place has always been known to be pretty rundown and shady looking but now it looks amazing! The remodel has made it much larger and the layout is modern featuring a patio and separate bar. Nothing else has changed so you can still count on the same all around good, dependable food but with a much nicer ambiance.
3	I haven't been previous to the remodel but I agree with previous reviews....it looks fantastic! The food isn't bad either. I tend to judge Mexican restaurants by their salsa. Theirs passes my sniff test. What comes to the table is a medium-hot red salsa. But if you want something with a bit more kick, ask for the tomatillo salsa. Taco salad is decent. But honestly,  the best thing about it is the shredded beef instead of ground beef. My favorite thus far is the spinach enchilada w/ whole leaf spinach. Tasty! Wha...? What's this white curd in my guacamole?? Is this cottage cheese?! Ewwww!
2	--lost its traditional feel through the remodel. where has the personality gone?--bulky dark wooden chairs need cushions, the whole place needs more fabric. great potential with lots of light and high ceilings. More bright mexican ceramics please. stark wall of crosses and exposed wood and wrought iron takes me straight to Nathan Lane's Birdcage apartment. LOL.--remodel great for small (150ppl) wedding parties with dance floor in the center of the room.--rice dry and unflavorful, no savor. beans again with no flavor.--table salsa is canned tomato sauce with pepper seeds and BASIL and the touch of sugar you get from Ragu! It's salsa, not marinara, people!--guacamole has cottage cheese as a thickener! ew!--chili colorado is just thick, no flavor.--service is slow and unhelpful, but prices are high high.--$9 for the cheese crisp is worth it. great crispiness and good cheese blend.
3	I've been coming to Oaxaca for a couple of years.  Before the remodel it was little more than a greasy spoon with great mexican fare.  After the remodel, I felt like I needed to dress up a little, the place is so classy!Luckily the food is still great!  I ordered the chicken soup, which was delicious, albeit sort of cold.  Very savory though.  I would definitely order it again, and next time a bigger bowl.Although we didn't sit there, the new bar looks like it would offer a good time.  Lots of tvs and a welcoming atmosphere.  It might be a good place to watch a game or meet men watching a game. :)  The last time I was here though...it took 20 minutes to get our tab...on a very very slow Saturday afternoon.  We had to ask several times.  But I will definitely go back as the food is so darn good.
3	I mostly go here for the bar,,, Eggie makes the best margarita ever!  He always hooks it up!  Friendly staff/servers all around.   And the food is ok I especially like the "calabasitas"! Oh sooooo good!
2	This is a Mexican restaraunt, I went there for a meetup.com event.I was not impressed with the atmosphere, service or food.the seating is too close together and uncomrtable. The food was bland.The service was not very profesional.My frozen strawberry frozen margarita tasted like a fruit smoothie with no alcohol.The only bright spot was the outdoor area with the authentic mexixan tiled steps, which I took a picture on.This place is a dud. I will not return.
3	Mixed reviews aside, I am a fan of this longstanding Mexican restaurant near the Capitol.  I am not sure how long it has stood on the corner of 15th Ave. and Van Buren, or how many hookers have passed by its doors, but I have to say that pre- and post- remodel, it still remains a great spot for good Mexican food and people watching.  Yes, the guac is weird; yes, the area is a little sketchy; and, yes, the drinks are hit and miss.  But, overall, the food is usually fantastic and the new look of the place, with a great patio included, is wonderful. The crowd is a mix of locals, state workers and long time lobbyists and politicians.  With a mix like that, you're bound to have an eventful dinning experience.Whether or not you can pronounce Oaxaca (the "oax" sounds like "wah"), and whether or not you appreciate a good ole hole-in-the-wall-remodeled-hot-spot, give Oaxaca a try. I am hopefully you won't be disappointed.
3	Out to lunch with 5 of my co workers, seated on the patio and served chips and salsa quickly. The salsa was great although several in my party requested one with a bit less heat, go figure. From that point on our service was spotty at best. The appetizer I ordered was forgotten about and was comped by our server ( A Nice Touch ). The entrees arrived and received a mixed review from our group. A chicken salad that had no dressing ? A chicken taco salad that also appeared to be missing something, salsa maybe ? The tortilla bowl was limp and soggy. Whats with the guacamole ? looks like they cut it with sour cream. Also, our drinks went unfilled. The server was very rough around the edges, not very knowledgeable and seemed too busy to serve us properly. Overall. an average experience. My 3 stars is a generous rating for this visit.
3	I went with a huge group, and since there was only one waitress there (they had to call another waiter to come in to help), the service was not great.  One group got their food, and when they were almost finished eating, our orders were taken.  They had burgers and fries on their menu which I thought was weird, under "Gringo Food."I got their chicken picado, pretty good, sauteed chicken with onions and peppers, with rice and beans and a good, large flour tortilla.  Their chips and salsa were OK, pureed tomatoes, very spicy in little bottles.  I ate so much of them because my food came out so late.  The chairs were hard, it was a really large, empty restaurant with a somewhat bar-ish feel.Good to stop by if you're in the area but not worth a long trip.
4	This place has pretty awesome food!  I had the cocino soup and it was both tasty and authentic.  The soup had big chunks of potato and beef.   The chips and salsa took a little bit of getting used too (tomato paste like). But then the salsa became adicting.  It was band night so it got pretty loud.  They play country music on one side and have a dj on the other.  The part of town is sketchy like someone said but keep in mind the police station is right down the street.  Give this place a shot it's pretty tasty!
1	Ketchup with some spice, that was their version of salsa. 10+ minutes until we could order, and it was not even good.Our visit started with a beggar outside of the door asking for money. We entered and were surprised by the pleasant decor. We waited a few min and were then seated.Once we were seated we had a good amount of time to look at the menu and the waitress took our drink order but was not even interested in our food order.  A bus boy delivered s very small basket of chips and carafe of the ketchup based salsa.We finished this basket long before our order was taken.  I ordered a Chillies rellno $4.99 a la cart. Most items are a bit pricier here.It took some time for our food to arrive. When it did I was surprised by the small size of the portion. The quality was also on the lower end the breading was not crisp and there was little to no sauce on it, very little cheese inside and a over-sized dollop of sour cream on top.We had to flag down the waitress for more water and chips which also took some time to come.Even the bill paying process was slow.
2	I usually go for margaritas and it's great.Ate lunch there on Sunday afternoon, and I was VERY surprised. The food was lacking in flavor and spice...rice was soggy and I could taste the flour in the beans.  All the adults were done eating before they brought out the nachos my 4yr old niece ordered. I had bites from my sister's plate and hers was equally as bad. Overall, the food just wasn't good. Sorry Oaxaca.   They do get points for the tortillas and the margaritas.
4	Summation of two visits within 1 week...First visit was during lunch rush.Second was late lunch post-rush.Nice comfortable interior.Good to excellent service.Good food.Was left wanting for drink refills the first visit during lunch rush. Second visit I felt like I was in a 5 star restaurant with the service we received.I had the Chili Relleno both times. First time I ordered it it had a bunch of grilled or sauteed onions on top. Didn't care for the onions. Second time I ordered it smothered in Green Chili. It was a little better but the green chili had little pieces of overcooked pork (I think) in it. Threw the taste off for me. So I avoided those little chunks.Good quality cheese.My coworkers loved the Steak Picata.I'll return when in the area.
1	Won't be going back.  I am always looking for a good Mexican place-- on a specific search for the best guac in greater Phoenix--, and one of my coworkers thought we should give it a try.  The one good thing is the decor inside- it really is nice.Now on to the "no bueno" portion of our program... In summary, the food was bland, the food was cold, the service wasn't that great, and the salsa and the guacamole were just plain WEIRD.  No need to overexplain bland and boring food (I had a chicken burrito, and I added cheese, rice, and sour cream), but I do want to point out that I ate GRISTLE in my chicken... which is what finally made me stop trying.  Other items to note:1.  The server would barely glance at us, and when she came to ask for our order, she hadn't even asked for a drink order first.  Also, we had to ask twice for more tortilla chips.  I will say, though, that our main dishes came out fast... but mine was ice cold.2.  The flavor of the salsa was okay, but the texture was-- as another Yelper has described-- exactly like ketchup.  Bizarre.3.  The guac.  Oh the guac.  Horrific.  The first question was the pale green color.  My friend and I spent at least 4 full minutes trying to figure out what one would mix with avocados to get that exact Lawrence Welk-era seafoam color.  There was no onion, no peppers, no lime, NO flavor.  After a few additional samplings (more out of morbid curiosity than anything), I came up with EGG.  Yes, like hard-boiled egg whites.  Color and texture.  Bweck.To my food-loving compatriots out there:  don't do it.  Not worth your time or money.
4	I had the opportunity to go here twice in two days.  The first time was for lunch.  I was giving a presentation that afternoon and didn't want to have anything too heavy.so I opted for the Grilled Chicken Burger off the "Gringo" menu.  It was excellent.  I came back the late afternoon the next day for a chicken burrito which was also very good.  That time of day the place was almost empty and no one seemed to mind when I set up my laptop to get some work done for a few hours before heading to the airport.  Just what I needed.  I'll be back next time I'm in town!
2	I heard a lot of good things about this place but wasn't that impressed. The food is what my husband and I would call white people mexican food, not completely authentic and they aren't able to make anything spicy which is always a let down in any mexican place. I don't think I will be dining here again.
4	When we arrived it was pretty busy for friday at 1:30pm. Hostess was friendly and showed us to our table. Nice atmosphere with mexican ranchero music playing, Attractive courtyard I would assume that is open in evening of cooler weather. Chips and salsa tasted fresh. Just enough bite in the salsa. Decided to have some guacamole with the chips. Very tasty. fresh creamy with chopped serranos. My main course was steak picado. Spicey and flavorful served with a side of beans and rice both were good tasting. The big surprise was the flan. The texture was perfect. Custard and creamy like creme brulee. When I'm back in town next season I will return. Loved it.
5	Calabasitas were fresh and cheesy. Service was amazing and friendly. Chile relleno and green chile enchilada were quite tasty. Husband said he is going to find excuses to come to this side of town to eat here!!!
4	This place is getting a bad rap.  I don't know if the ownership or the menu has changed, but a co-worker and I went there today for lunch and it was top-notch in ALMOST every category.The Bad:Red Salsa - this is just not very tasty. And as others have noted, exactly the consistency of ketchup.The Side Salad - mostly the yellow spongy and white bitter parts of an iceberg lettuce head.  Not appetizing at all.The Mixed Bag:Service -  our waitress saw us three times - to take our drinks order, to deliver our drinks and take our food order, and to deliver our check.  The rest of the time, the "salsa and chips busboy" did all the work.  I hope he gets some shared tips, because he was the attentive one.The Good:INSIDER TIP - ask for the Green Salsa with your chips.  This is fairly fiery and is one of the best tomatillo-based salsas you can get in a restaurant in this town, and I have been to a LOT of them in 16.5 years living here.  Really EXCELLENT salsa.The "Big Al's Plate" - this was a fine, fine entree'.  A huge, tasty grilled chicken breast, half a large avocado, two huge slices of beefsteak tomato, a good-sized dollop of cottage cheese, and the aforementioned "kinda gross" lettuce pile.  The chicken breast was cooked perfectly, just moist enough; really tasty.Side order of grilled jalapenos - two nicely-sized excellent tasting peppers.Chips with the Salsa - the chips are thin and perfectly fried.  Add some salt and you are gonna like these chips - a lot.This place exceeded the expectations I had developed from reading the bad Yelp reviews.  Yelp almost steered me wrong in this case - don't let that happen to you.
1	Oh this place used to be so good!!!  I think it's under new management and since then, there is absolutely nothing special about this place.  I decided to take some coworkers out to lunch here one day, we wound up back at work having eaten Taco Bell.  First off it took the server 15 minutes to get us our menus.  Then it took another 10 minutes just to get glasses of water.  Finally after being there for a total of about 25 minutes I had to get up and ask the man standing at the front door if he could find someone to come over and take our order.  After asking him to find someone to take our order, a disgruntled server came over and took all six of our orders.  I explained to her that we were on a lunch break, and now barely had about 30 minutes to eat and get back to work.  She assured me that the food would be coming very quickly.  25 minutes later we received our food.  I was so upset I told her to forget it and to just bring us the bill for our drinks.  She offered to wrap up our food so that we could take it to go!  I explained to her that we intended on eating there, and were not planning on eating Mexican food in the car on our way back to work!  She replied, extremely rudely, "well I can't just let you have this food for free." I told her I didn't expect any free food and wasn't planning on eating there ever again.  My entire group wound up grabbing Taco Bell on the way back to work.I'm not sure if this place is under new management but, when I used to come here about six years ago, before the remodel, this place was amazing!  They used to have the best, most authentic Mexican food in the valley what a shame.  The man who I assumed was either the owner or the manager was completely useless.  The waitstaff seems to run this place now and they are extremely rude!  The attitude that I received from the server was such that I wouldn't touch their food with a 10 foot pole, as I have absolutely no guarantee that she didn't take my food back and spit in it.Before the remodel this place was so good!  They used to have the most authentic green corn tamales, calabasitas, and the red chili sauce was absolutely incredible!!!!  I am Hispanic, and I can say without a doubt I had a better lunch at Taco Bell with friendlier customer service.  I will never set foot in this restaurant again, and I will never ever recommend it. You can remodel a building, but it doesn't make a damn bit of difference if the food and the customer service is this terrible.
4	Lunch break with the boys today took us to Oaxaca.I tried the Chicken Picado.  The chicken and peppers were cooked perfect.The sides were also great.  I'm not a huge beans guy.. but they sure were tasty.Chips, Salsa, Tea, and Waters were all refilled fast with our server.. Wish I remembered his name.. he was great.Good lunch spot!We will be back!
3	The remodel has taken away a lot of this places' former charm.  The food is still good.  Margarita's ample.  Service staff friendly.  And prices fair.I'll be back, but miss the homey feel of the old Oaxaca.
1	Do NOT go here! Save your money! They will close early if they feel it is not busy enough. We attempted to go here for dinner TWICE and they had closed early...The 3rd time was a charm, but the place itself is NOT!. They had live music, a Mexican Group playing cha-cha music, which was horribly loud! The Chips were stale, & the salsa wasn't really salsa...it was more like hot sauce. I ordered the Albongdigous (Meatball) Soup...It was lukewarm at best. The Chimichunga was just okay... Jim's tacos were too spicy for him...  Baja Fresh is way better than this place!...just sayin'.
