5	Indian Fry Bread done right.  Prices are good, nothing over $10, and you can feed two people with a full plate of fry bread.  They offer a vegetarian option as well a black bean & cheese fry bread which is delicious.  There's even blueberry, cherry and apple frybread for dessert.Going on the name alone, the last thing I expected this place to serve was fry bread.  Most of the other fry bread places I've been in are kind of nasty.  Typically there seem to be approximately three decade's worth of accumulated grime and grease anywhere there's a hard to clean crack.This spot opened July 2008,  and it is new, modern & clean.  Free Wi-Fi too.  I believe it's the 2nd location for the small family owned business.  Half of the other businesses in the same strip mall have already dried up and blown away, so I hope this place is able to hang on as I really like it.
3	Overall, a good deal, healthy portion, and so on.  The fry bread is good and the toppings were fairly fresh.  The ground beef was good, a little greasy as you might expect, but needed seasoning.  The shredded beef was better.  Come hungry.  I won't rush back but we have driven by it a huindred times and always wanted to try it.  If you've never had fry bread go and give it a try.
3	I love fry bread but realized long ago that somethings are better made by those who know what they are doing. I had a buddy who made the best fried bread tacos hands down. Everything was fresh and made just the way it had been for many generations. What can I say, when you have had the best it is hard to like the rest! But when I passed by this small little place I noticed they offered fried bread and I just had to stop in. Now when I say little place I mean LITTLE! This place is tiny but what makes it worth it is the food. Well made food that actually shows that the cooks know their stuff but also take pride in what they offer. No you will not have to pay $10 for some tiny dried out piece of dough with a glop of can beans on it. (side note) Why is it that people think you have to sacrifice taste and quality to save a few bucks? You don't! This place takes that idea and spits on it after knocking it into the ground with a baseball bat. Now getting back to my review I have to say that the food was lite, (as lite as you can get with fried food), and tasted really fresh. The only thing I did not like was the lack of seasoning when it came to the meat and beans. I like my food well seasoned and can not stand bland food at all! But I was able to add some of their great tasting salsa to solve this small problem. So would I eat here again? Yes but if you choose to eat here just make sure you come hungry and early because it does not take many people to fill this place up. Note to owners: Seriously folks please get a bigger space.
5	Lovely family owned business...I have been here on many occasions, and I absolutely love their Frybread!The shredded beef and roasted bell peppers are amazing!Everything is made to order right in front of your eyes...Ordering a taco is the perfect size for me, as I can never finish a whole frybread loaded with toppings, and they do load on the toppings!Clean, Friendly and Fresh! Great place to dine in!
4	Nothing like a well run, local, family owned and run restaurant. Best way to describe this place is Chipotle with Fry Bread. Not a cheap meal but worth the extra.
1	Well I was out and feeling a little hungry so I decided to drop in a grab a bite. Imagine my surprise when I arrived and the lights were off, and the sign taken down. What happened??! Did the snow birds drive this little shop out of town? Who knows? Guess I will have to go to the other location "sigh". Note: this is in reference to their location that was on the border of Apache Junction and Mesa. This location closed and they moved to the location on power.
4	Try a frybread from Cafe Laguna with just a touch of salt sprinkled on it -- and you'll become familiar with a 19th century treat called 'Langos' in Hungary.  I've been looking for this treat for a long time -- Cafe Laguna did it perfectly!
5	Cafe Laguna is a great place to go for a delicious mexican fix.  The Indian tacos are my absolute favorite.  I always order the grilled chicken Indian taco.  The chicken is tender and moist, the vegetables are fresh, your choice of beans.  It is absolutely mouthwatering.  We moved to Tucson recently and everytime we visit Mesa we make a stop and Cafe Laguna.  We've even made trips to Mesa just to get an Indian taco (honestly they are THAT good!).  they aren't your typical tacos, the frybread adds a new twist to the traditional taco that just makes you feel like you died and gone to flavor heaven.  It's chewy texture added with the crisp lettuce, tender meat, and spicy pico de gallo makes an absolutely perfect combination.  If you haven't tried it, make it a priority on your bucket list, trust me you will go back.  I hear everyone posting how it is like Chipotle, this place blows Chipotle out of the water.  Good luck and good eats!
4	What a great idea for a restaurant in the west! This should be a western franchise! I have had fry bread at family dinner tables, pow wows, county fairs, and hole in the wall restaurants throughout the west, and this is the real deal! If you have never had an Indian Taco, look no further! Great taste, a nice owner, and a good atmosphere. I'll be eating here often!!The only reason I did not give five stars is so that I did not insult all the mommas and Grandma's out there who we all claim have THE BEST fry bread on earth!
4	Had dinner here and was concern because I was pressed for time and being winter, i expected it to be packed with winter visitors.  Surprisingly, for how good the food and experience, it wasn't busy at all for 5pm'ish on a weekday.It's in a strip mall, so it kinda meet expectations for what it would look like.  The place is minimalist inside except for seating... but then again you are going to eat, not to look. Cafe Laguna places its bet on Indian fry bread, and it pays off for its diners.  They actually fry up your bread right in front of you, so it's not sitting under a lamp... with that takes a bit more time than most " assembly line counter" places.They've got entree fry breads and a few dessert fry breads as well ( that we sadly didn't have time or room in our stomach's to try).  I ordered the shredded beef (red sauce) classic.  The meat was very tasty and the sauce had a smoky flavor to it, that I enjoyed, though I would call it mild, maybe medium at best.  They add cheese, sour, chopped romaine, tomatoes and green onions as a standard.  It was very flavorful and the fry bread added some heft to the meal.It's bout 10 bucks per person and with a normal appetite, you'll come away full.
4	Great service by the owner (Nick).  He's very accommodating and aims to please.  Friendly and helpful.  I hadn't had an Indian fry bread in over 10 years.  There were several meat choices to choose from and several vegetables to add on top.  Unfortunately an earlier catering order cleaned them out of re-fried beans and bell peppers.  The salsa was good, spicy but not hot.  The owner kept the place open for me to enjoy my meal while we chatted.  He even stayed open later to feed another customer that walked in after the place had been closed for 10 mins.  He even gave me a coupon for my next visit.  A truly caring owner.  Nice place in a strip mall with plenty of parking.
