3	We hit up this store way more often than we'd like to. But it's a necessary evil when you have a boat, and the lack of foresight to order your supplies online.The prices are a little high, but they're pretty much the only game in town. Plus their staff is very nice and helpful. You can also pick up a Tonto pass here before you head to the lake, and save yourself a stop.
5	Yep, wether you need  an anchor for that " garbage bag" you need to loose in the lake or a depth finder to catch the loc ness monster this place has you covered. The staff is friendly and know what they are talking about. I've been coming here for years an will continue to do so.
3	What Korina says about this place is dead-on!http://www.yelp.com/biz/west-marine-phoenix#hrid:dXDOGM1mJC4GnsWtjq4h8Q
3	Ah, West Marine.  I've had such a love-hate relationship with this company for a very long time.On the love side, when you really need some supplies for your boat, they are the only ones open all weekend and evenings.  They also have a pretty well-rounded inventory in general, where a lot of other boat shops have specific things they stock, leading to multiple trips if you need a variety of things.The staff is always friendly and helpful, and most of them are very familiar with boats (though they tend to be more about sailing than power boats).  If you have questions on how to do something, odds are that they can help with ideas and product selection.On the not-so-lovely side, the WM stores have terrible inventory management.  I don't know how many times I've needed something basic and they are out of stock.  Or they stock only one item of something important, but many boats have two engines and need two of the same part when you do maintenance.  And the prices...ugh...  Often above retail, and many times 2x the online price.  Sure, they will price match Amazon and some other online stores, but who wants the hassle?  Many other local boat shops also beat their prices by a good margin, but again, then you may have to go to multiple stores to get it all.Consequently I only go to WM if I'm desperate for a part today, and Amazon doesn't have it available for same-day delivery.
5	Stopped by to check out a GPS unit and grab a few things. I was greeted with a smile and Ashley the cashier was very helpful and friendly!! Still love this place!! Always a great experience!
