3	Whenever I travel, I try my best to pick up a little gift for my special someone back home. To make this happen, I starve myself and only eat one a meal a day with my "meal per diem." I then use the rest of my per diem to purchase a decent gift for La Novia. Hey, no one ever said love was easy.My Blackberry Yelp App let me know that this classy little store was within walking distance of my hotel. I figured this was my best for a quick gift before my cleint meeting. Sadly, my quick gift mission was derailed by a shopper from hell.While in line with a two pairs of tights and some costume jewelry earrings, I witnessed a lengthy exchange between a super patient store manager and a troublesome Vietnamese woman who spoke limited English. The woman was there to pick up a dress she purchased from WHBM location somewhere in the Los Angeles area. She did not have a receipt (or any other documentation) for this purchase. The manager did everything he could to acquire sufficient information to give this lady her dress (including calling all of the Southern California stores), but the lady lacked any info other than she bought it in  "the LA area" and the salesperson was "some black girl."I would write out the entire exchange, but it you'd think I was making it up, racist, or both. It was painful to witness. I can never understand how customers think they can just pick something up without documentation. This isn't a local auto shop, lady. It made my shopping experience less than pleasant. While the girls in the shop were friendly and extremely helpful when helping me select tights and earrings, they didn't know the cash register as well as the manager and they had to wait to properly apply a discount to the tights I was purchasing. Ugh.Clearly, no retail store is ever prepared for irrational pushy shoppers who fail to bring their receipts when picking up an item, but they need to train the supporting staff better so the manager can try to deal with the situation (and other people can get in and out and onto their important client meeting with a White House Black Market bag in their hand.)My client meeting went well and they thought it was cute that I bought La Novia a special gift from my classy cuter. They thought it was even cuter when they found out I had just bought a belt at Ross. It made me seem like a great guy. But then again, I am a great guy.Duh.
4	I came in here with my mum and dad in search of some nice, comfy flats this past Wednesday (yeah i know). We happened to venture out to the strip and the mums forgot to wear comfy shoes. We stumbled upon this place and voila! Found a pair of comfy AND sparkly zebra print shoes! Just what the mums are looking for. We were greeted by a nice gentleman who helped us get the right size. When we got to the counter to check out, a nice lady was courteous enough to show us a collection of accessories on sale. We ended up only buying the sandals but were pleased to know they had a helpful and friendly staff. Although the prices here are ..well....pricey. It's a good place to stop by if you're looking to find something fancy, and in  black or white. :D
4	I waiver between 3 and 4 stars, but will go with 4. I definitely am a fan of WHBM. And I went in here recently in search of a dress for a wedding.Almost as soon as I picked up one dress to try on, a staffer approached me and offered to start a fitting room. She continued to check on me as I browsed and took everything I picked up and put it in the dressing room for me. She even asked my shoe size and picked out a few pairs of shoes and some accessories as well - without me even asking. Which, of course, I'm sure was in search of an up-sale, but it was nice to have heels and whatnot to try on with the dresses (even if I had no intention of buying them).It was a little weird when she kept popping her head into the dressing room. (The dressing rooms are curtains, not doors.) Hey, I'm here in a skimpy thong not meant for your eyes! But she was very nice and great about checking on me, hunting down sizes, offering suggestions, etc. And she never grew impatient as I tried on the same three dresses over and over again trying to decide on one.I finally decided on one and asked that it be steamed (the wedding was the next day and it wasn't exactly an easy to iron dress). She was very nice about it and immediately went to turn on the steamer.What was odd was the woman, who I assume was the manager, and another higher-level staffer who just stood around the cash register and did nothing to help any customers. But they were quick to keep ordering around the poor girl who was helping me. It was awkward and weird and unprofessional. But kudos to the girl for putting up with such bosses.During check-out, she wasn't able to find my name in the system, but gave me the member discount anyways - which I was very appreciative of.While I can't speak highly of the other upper staff, the girl who was helping me was great. And the selection at this location is quite good. A nice mix of new and sale items. And plenty of sizes in the back too. They also seem to have more accessories than other WHBM locations, which is nice.I really haven't had a bad experience any time I've been in here and I've always found just what I was looking for (from a dress for a wedding to a clutch for a NYE dress). Overall, great store.
5	Great service! The person helping me was terrific - super friendly and helped me find just what I was looking for.  I love when someone goes beyond the "hi, can I help you" (then usually you never see them again).  She was completely focused on me and what I needed.  Love that.clothes:  ok, i have to admit i'm a WHBM junkie.  i always find something just right.  fun jewelry too.  and the shoes... sexy stuff!
5	I love this shop, and the way their clothes make me feel.   Their service sets them apart...the salesperson actually found me an on-sale dress in the back room!   I now have a section in my closet for WHBM.
