5	I am reviewing Kohl's.  Why? One word~  escalator ! Yes. This location is so damn big they have two floors with an escalator!I've heard  that Southerners hate it when we Northerners say things such as "where I'm from X, Y and Z  is so much better" (often has to do with pizza and bagels) But this time this Northerner is here to boast about a Kohl's I had not experienced in the North. If you have a return like I did, be prepared for a walk and a short cruise up the escalator .O.K, four stars just for the size and selection of the store ( I noticed things in the store that i had eyed on line and other Kohl's locations did not have in store.Now about the return. I purchased a cute pair of Vera Wang boots that were $50.00 bucks and with only two wears, the poorly made boot heal twisted. Now this was a first for me. Will they take them back even though I wore them? I always thought if they are worn they will not except the return. But they did ! And the woman at the service counter was thankful that I told her  that they had been worn.So yay for Kohl's ,Boo for Vera Wang .I'm sure her costly Wedding gowns hold up better then the line she sells in Kohl's.Then again you usually  only wear the wedding dress once.
4	Are you serious? Who knew a Kohl's could be this big. I realized for the first time walking into this one just how crappy the one in Gastonia is. I don't think I gave the one in Gastonia a good review anyways... Long lines, not enough people on registers.. an meh selection.Like John Belushi said in Blues Brothers, "This place has everything!" as they were driving inside of the mall in the Blues Mobile.This reminds me of the JCPenny's or some of the Macy's in Miami. Two floors are required to house all the stuff. Speaking of stuff, the selection was spot on. You're not getting Brooks Brothers here, ok? But what you will find are stylish clothes at extremely reasonable prices. The selection is so decent that we were even able to hold an item from their inventory/stock from a different Kohl's (yeah the one in Gastonia) until we could get there to pay for it. The store is not a showcase of fine clothing store organization.. But who cares? I know this sounds redundent.. but everything is on sale. Of course it is. That's easy to do when prices begin at suggested retail (no store uses retail prices) and then drives the percentage off of that to end up where everyone else already is - sale or no sale. Take it from me - I was in retail for awhile. Just trust the fact that you are getting decent prices - overlooking the "SALE" glamour.As it is conveniently located at 485 and S. Blvd, take the time to come here.
4	Absolutely think this is my favorite Kohls of all time!I am already a huge fan of Kohl's but this one far exceeds my expectations because its HUGE. I love it! There is a huge variety and an escalator that takes you upstairs to more goodies. The Men's Women's and Junior's department are outrageous, packed with very cool items and selections that anyone would enjoy, great items also for your home needs as well as luggage, jewelry and so much more. I enjoy the variety and the size. There were plenty of employees, and even the manager was out walking the floor asking if I needed any help. Great visit! Great selection! Great employees! Love it!
4	Oh, I can't even list all the goodies I've found here recently... I went specifically to find some boots for a mountain trip since it was snowy and I ended up buried in an avalanche of savings... The first time I saved almost $500 dollars, paid $110... I got a men's Cam Newton jersey (new logo), two pairs of Carolina Panthers sleep pants, two sweaters, two pairs of boots and three shirts for me... Come ON! WHY do I need to know about these savings?!  Now they keep calling to me... lolThe shoes clearance could stand a little overhaul, but I'm sure that's about to happen since they're handling inventory now, so it should be a lot easier to find sizes now... I had to search all the aisles to make sure I wasn't missing my size, but I found some great things that way... Score!The elevator works great when you have a cart full of finds, but it's a little hidden if you're unfamiliar with the store... (Left back corner, past accessories)
3	I would give this location 4 stars for their selections and sales and the first floor. I recently popped in to do one of my least favorite things - shop for jeans. I was able to try on many different styles, fits, and sizes and was able to finally find a fit/style that worked for me! It is very rare for me to find jeans on my first stop. The first floor looks mostly organized and is easy to navigate. Upstairs, they have a decent sized section for bras. Their bra sizes don't stop at Ds, so if you're looking for larger sizes, check here.The reason I knocked this location down to 3 stars is due to upstairs. When you come off of the elevator (if you take it instead of the escalator), you come out in the shoe department. The shoe department is chaos. There are some women's athletic shoes to your left with the other women's shoes. There are some sections of other women's athletic shoes to your right, but you'd miss them if you didn't decide to just take a look in the men's athletic shoe section. There is no rhyme or reason to how the boxes are stacked. If you see a display shoe you like, it's almost impossible to find where the boxes for that shoe is. Once you do zero in on a section you're interested in, be sure to check behind the front rows of boxes because some sizes may be hiding. Even if you find a box that suggests you've found what you're looking for, you might be surprised to find someone's old/used shoes in the box instead. As if that wasn't chaotic enough, you're dodging young children wrestling or running about and trash, like soda bottles, left or thrown into the aisles. Things are a little quieter in the bra section, but you can still hear families treating the store like it's a jungle gym. Kids are going to be kids and parents are going to be annoyed at their kids, that happens anywhere. I suspect the reason for all of the ruckus upstairs though, was that I did not notice a staff presence upstairs. I'm sure the rambunctious families quickly noticed the lack of supervision, too. One other reason for the star deduction is that it is a little difficult to get around in each department. Racks are really close together so you either have to go back out to the main walkway and loop back or just know you're going to be knocking things off of racks as you go.While I might not go back for shoes (they had very little of what I was looking for in sizes larger than 9s) or bras (nearly all the bras I came across started at $32) I will go back and shop on their first floor. Tip: if you have a cart or stroller, utilize the elevator instead of hauling it up the escalator. The elevator can be located at the back of the store. Find the women's jeans section and it's right back there.
1	The highlights of this store: the friendly cashiers and the prices.The drawbacks of this store: everything else.Periodically I hear from friends that they get a good deal from Kohl's or they find a gem. And of course they have designer value lines like Vera Wang's Simply Vera. So I think "I must not be doing this right" and I give it another try.  So every year or so I wander in hoping to find a gem of a deal- either on clothes, shoes, accessories or housewares. They have a decent selection of towels and dishes but the rest of the merchandise is overstocked (forcing you to pore through racks and racks of merchandise often without logic or order) and the quality is not good. I can try on 15 items of clothing and not find a single thing I liked. Surprisingly, I actually have much better luck at Marshall's and Target. The equivalent of their store brand for kitchen appliances has terrible reviews, so that's not really providing good value.  It kind of reminds me of a better lit Kmart.I think I've finally given up hope of ever finding something there and will not be back unless I am with someone who says they must go there.
2	Kohl's used to be a favorite place to shop. They had a nice variety of tops and jeans (not much on dresses or shoes though), and I love their household & decor sections. But now they've priced themselves out of my budget. I have a $50 gift card..do I purchase one top for $26 or more, or pay for part of a shower curtain at $59.99 (Croft & Borrow)? Granted, there are usually sales on everything, but they've hiked up the retail so high that even the $59.99 shower curtain, at $39.99, is still ridiculous. What happened to my reasonably priced, and affordable, Kohl's? :-(
4	This is the first two floor Kohl's I have been to, which is nice because it gives more space for more merchandise.  I still wish, as it seems in every Kohl's, that their plus size section was larger.  Also it'd be nice to have a sign that tells you what departments are upstairs.  I can't add for how this store is normally as it's xmas shopping time, but some areas were neater than others.  This Kohl's is farther away from me than University, but I'd come back due to the larger variety
