4	The phrase 'never judge a book by its cover' has never applied more than with Hung Lam Chinese takeaway.Despite its appearance as a small (and I mean tiny) local take away, the flavours that come out of this place are huge. The sweet and sour pork is an unbelievable tasting dish, and there is plenty of it for a very reasonable price. Hung Lam also has the obligatory delivery service - which half of the time is excellent and the other half is painfully slow with the food often arriving just about to go cold. However, microwaves have been invented - and the quality of the food never goes below great.Hung Lam is one of those great little takeaways that produce excellent food, and one that you will return to time and time again.
4	Although the Hung Lam Chinese takeaway doesn't look much from the outside, it is definitely worth a visit as the Chinese food they serve is divine.  It is a cheap and cheerful Chinese takeaway and their menu offers a huge range of authentic Chinese dishes which are full of flavour.  I have been to Hung Lam many times for my dinner as they are reliable and the food is always consistently good.  I have tried several of their dishes and my absolute favourites are the beef and mushroom and beef sequin.  Their menu points out the spicy dishes so you won't get caught out and have your head blown off eating a chilli.  A set menu is available at Hung Lam and they also do home deliveries which is usually pretty prompt.  The portion sizes are good and the food is extremely reasonably priced.
4	This skanky looking little Chinese takeaway is a surprising treat. One of the best in Newington, it is often overlooked for the flashier but by no means better Dragon Way just a few doors down. Only a takeaway,Hung Lam is really nice Chinese food which isn't too pretentious but is tasty nonetheless. It is definitely not a place for delicate spicing and flavouring, but what they do they do well. The noodles are particularly good, and unlike other Chinese places they are quite generous with the amount of king prawns in the dishes.The main guy there seems a bit intimidating and angry at first, but after a few visits he gets to know you and throws in free prawn crackers. The prices are very reasonable as well compared to other places. The food is really greasy, but perfect for a hangover, or if you just fancy being a bit of a slob.
