3	This pizza is great for kids, and parties. I have never had the wings.
4	Really good neighborhood joint! We've been ordering here for about 4 years, and its pretty consistent and good. Prices are ok, not a bargain, but just fair. Pizza is above average, sandwiches are great (roast beef), Wifey love's their french fries, and the homemade italian dinners (like lasagna, eggplant parmesian, etc.), are really good as well. Deilvery time is slow on weekends and peak hours.
5	You can't beat the wings, absolutely love them.  The pizza is phenomenal as well.  In fact we're regular customers and the owner cares greatly about keeping your business.  The second location has excellent sandwiches.
2	Again, I'm not sure why Yelp encourages double pages for the location, the only difference being abbreviations within the street address.When the restaurant opened almost ten years ago, it was great! Management was friendly towards people of all ages, prices were cheap, and pizza and wings were excellent. I remember Amore working out a deal with my cousin's middle school for pizza Fridays, and all the kids appreciated it.I'm not sure when the change happened, within five years ago, or if there was another change after that. After the original owner changed hands for the restaurant, things took a turn for the worse. Employees eventually consisted of teenagers looking for extra cash instead of the workers who put their heart in soul in cooking, delivery, and service. The food quality also was much more sloppy, and prices steadily raised over the years.Now it's just another greedy restaurant. If Amore were in its original hands, it'd still be one of the best places for pizza in Scottsdale. Now it just blows.
4	I have gotten wings here twice. They deliver and in a lazy mode I had them bring wings and fries. The fries were hot and done just right and the wings were crispy, tasty and large...so far the best I've had in Scottsdale. The delivery guy was great too and got here in less time than they stated on the phone.
4	Amore has moved to the SW corner of Bell and McDowell Mountain Roads.  Same good food, new location.
