5	Wow!  I love this place!  This location just opened in the valley not to long ago, and its located off the US60 and Greenfield Road.  Its really easy to see from the road, and huge!Upon entering, the place was well lit and so organized.   They have tons of stuff.  Artwork, floral, pictures, fabrics, and all sorts of goodies.  Everything here is well organized-loads to look at as well.  They seem to have regular sales as well, so keep your eye out.  Worth the trip, and much better then I had expected.
4	yahoo! was I ever happy that we finally have HOBBY LOBBY ! My husband...not so happy since this means I will be shopping more. (sorry honey if you are reading) LOL I grew up with Hobby Lobby being raised in Oklahoma where the store originated. The checkout process needs some work as they never seem to have enough checkers. Of course where do they these days now that I am thinking about it? I am sure with time they are new it will all get better. I am just so glad to have them. I used to have to go home, shop and then try to find a way to ship my finds.I am giving them a 4 because 5 would to me mean excellent customer service but I doubt it would even be possible to get many 5s from me on that. Customer service sadly seems to be from a bygone era. If you go to their website and sign up they will send the sales.
5	Holy hobby heaven!!! A friend and I went to check this place out on Monday and WOW. We are both in love and very thankful neither of us lives closer than we do. This place is HUGE and stocks things for hobbies I didn't even know existed. I can't wait to go back and do some major damage now that I have found my inner Suzie Homemaker. Not only did they stock stuff for a wide variety of hobbies they also stock a ton of stuff for each hobby... I hope that makes sense. Fabric, yarn, paper and decor galore! I looove this place!
5	So I went back today for some scrapbooking supplies and seriously... almost everything I needed was 50% off. You can't ask for better deals. I bought fabric for another project I am working on and that was even 30% off. Did I mention this store has EVERYTHING?I had also gone to Paper Vineyard earlier in the morning and noted the price on some tools, they were on average $5 cheaper at Hobby Lobby.
2	I was so excited when I found out they were putting in a HL in the East Valley. Then I went there. And all my hopes of lovely scrap stuff were dashed. I seriously hate going to this store. The only thing that will drag me out there is the prices. Those can't be beat when there is a sale. That's the only reason they are getting even two stars.The lines are outrageous. No scanners in a chain store in 2009? Yep, that's correct. Everything has to be entered by hand. The cashiers will routinely ask YOU if an item is on sale, as they have to enter that manually as well. It can work out for you, as often time things that aren't on sale get rung up as such. But if you don't watch, you can also not get sales on items you should. Watch carefully!I've really only shopped in the scrap section, so this is only about that. Half the shelves are empty all the time!! I went one Saturday for paper and the shelves were more than half empty, but you couldn't navigate the aisles because they were full of boxes of paper!! Well, the next day their ad came out with all paper 50% off. SWEET! I figure that's why it was a mess. So I go back in the next Friday and IT IS STILL A MESS! The boxes are still all over the aisles, now with not so nice notes to not go in the boxes and the shelves are even emptier! I asked the one worker I could find if they would be out before the sale was over. Doubtful she said, as more stuff kept coming in and they couldn't keep up. Couldn't tell by the shelves that they were getting in new stuff!I've went back a couple of times since. The only time there aren't huge lines and at least 20 minutes of waiting is right before they close. So don't go and think you can run in and out!
4	This was my very first visit to a Hobby Lobby. I have to say I was very impressed with the size of the store and the selection they offered. In fact I wasn't able to get even half way through the store in the hour I had to spend there. The prices seemed good and the store was neat and clean. The only complaint was that the staff seemed less than thrilled to be there.  I will definitely be going back when I am in that part of town.
2	Always long wait in line to pay. Never enough cashiers. Terrible.Excellent prices.Very messy store.Need more merchandise in scrapbook department, too many empty displays and shelves.Employees not helpful.
4	High quality products, great selection. Only problem is they are severely lacking on good customer service. Try to use a coupon that they email you and they question it every time. And when the ad says candle holders on sale, that does not necessarily mean candle holders are on sale. It's that frustrating sometimes.
5	Don't listen to sour grapes giving bad review!The store is huge and I always find what I need. I especially love their selection on art materials. Better even; they always give me a discount with a coupon, usually I get 40% off of 1 item.Follow this link for a coupon: http://www.hobbylobby.com/weekly/coupon.cfm
2	Walking in I am always bombarded by huge fake flowers in my face. The layout doesn't make sense to me..logistically - I can never find anything and have to search for staff to help me - they may be understaffed? So, subsequently I feel bad asking someone to abandon their work to help me find sequin beads, or something else that is totally banal...and then they are always out.~meh... the next time I need to purchase 3 bags of beads or other craftiness, I will buy on-line.
5	Hobby Lobby is awesome!!!! BLOWS Michaels away!!!  I went to Hobby Lobby last night and had two 24x36 photos framed.  Michael (The Wolfman) helped me out in framing and he was fantastic to work with.   Everytime I go into this store I find what I need. It is very fairly priced and their clearance sales are almost cheaper than FREE!!!!  Thank you to whoever invented this store!  My only gripe is that they are closed on Sundays, so I guess a 'Praise the Lord" would be in order.
5	Love Hobby Lobby. On a scale of craft stores Hobby Lobby = infinitely better than Michaels. Anytime I've visited this Hobby Lobby, I enter what's called a "crafting coma"... which means that I can't think of anything else to do but craft. Too bad my student budget doesn't allow this or else I'd be designated queen of crafts and could just drop out of ASU right now! Hey who said 12  years to be a physician were worth it?!! *Sigh*But alas, anytime I want to live the dream of being craft (note demotion) princess I visit Hobby Lobby and all my dreams filled with glitter, scrapbook paper and fancy scissors come true!
3	I have a love hate relationship with Hobby Lobby. They have unique stuff that I just don't see other places but other than that, I feel like the prices are always just a little to high. They don't accept competitors coupons like Michaels and Joannes does. The sales don't seem to be as frequent or as good as other craft stores. I guess I am always surprised at the total of my bill compared to everywhere else. That being said, I still go when I need something specific that I know the other stores are just not going to have.
4	Wow. I'm surprised I hadn't written a review for this place yet. I must be slippin'... Below is my take on the useful-funny-cool of HL.I was super excited when Hobby Lobby came to Arizona! When I lived in other states, it was my "go to" place for all things creative and decorative from flowers, frames, fabric, and furniture to crafts, scrapbooking, and candles. So I felt especially special when it opened here, just a few miles from my house! Whoopee!* Home for the Holidays...Their holiday stuff is superb. If you're one of those that likes to decorate for just about EVERY holiday known and unknown to man, you are smart to shop here. (If you're not one of those, be prepared: the store looks like it "threw up" Christmas and Easter when those holidays come around.) Ha!* Girly Gifts Galore!Looking for something dainty and original for that hard-to-please delicate friend or girlfriend? You are smart to shop here.* Please Pass the "Parent" Projects:I come here when I need "assistance" when "assisting" my kids on their school projects (I'm really beginning to hate those elementary school projects - adults are really the ones equipped to create them. Just sayin'.). Hobby Lobby has an array of do-it-yourself kits for - ahem - hobbies! ...Go figure!... I purchased a Volcano Kit to help me - I mean my daughter - create and operate the volcano for a group science project a year ago. They got an "A" on it. Go HL! I am smart to shop here.* 4 stars instead of 5:I agree with previous reviews that the checkout lines are not efficient. Partly why is because they do not scan barcodes. They enter the prices manually for each item. WARNING: Since we - the people of the 21st century - are no longer accustomed to a barcode-less checkout, experiencing manual input of prices, quantities, and discounts may bring on acute irritation, especially when the lines back up. Management says they save their customers money by not converting to the barcode/quick scan system. ... Aight then. Whatever you say, HL. I say, "Humpf." ... BE ADVISED: when you budget your time to shop here, consider adding on a few more minutes than typical for checking out. * The Whole is Greater than the Sum of Its Parts:This store is way bigger than its competitors and carries a greater variety of items. During my visits, this location has been well-stocked and relatively clean for a craft super store. They are closed on Sundays so that their employees may spend time with their families. And they carry tons of "faith-based" items for just about everything imaginable. I like that. If you're a "Craft-Head" or craft addict, you are smart to shop here.On the whole, I'm a fan of Hobby Lobby. Not an addict. But a repeat offender.
4	I've only been here once to pick up some scrap booking items for a friend (we were putting pages together for her 21st Birthday).  I am not a creative, scrap booking person but this store had EVERYTHING, which made it very easy to put something super cute together.  I had some trouble finding certain items and there was no one around to help but eventually I figured it out. I only visited the scrap booking section, but the store seems to have lots of cute decorations too.  I'll probably go back next time I redecorate my room!
5	Hobby Lobby is a great place to get anything in the crafts field, as they carry virtually anything you can think of, from beads to shrink wrap, and from model airplanes to modern art. I particularly enjoy going to the discount section, where damaged items go, and to be honest, some of the stuff Is pretty beat up, but other things might just have a ding or a scratch, and I can save up to 50% (just have to be handy enough to fix things up a bit).It's a fun place to be, if you do anything artistic, you will probably find yourself here on at least a couple of occasions!
4	Came here cuz I'm redecorating our living room and a friend told me to check this place out. So glad I listened! Lots of great home accents and DIY crafts to make your own decorations as well. They had a great clearance section, and mostly everything in the store was 50% off!  Even though some of the items were pricey to begin with, it came out to a decent price after the discount!There is also a iphone app for the store and they have a coupon in the for 40% off your purchase so check it out! Losing one star because the employees here weren't very helpful, but I got along just fine without their help. Every aisle is labeled well and it was easy to find what I needed!
2	Loved this place for a while. I don't mind that it's closed on Sundays as I work on the weekends. The problem I find is that checkout usually takes about 20 minutes, sometimes longer. Tons of checkout stations with very little staff. 6 stations, 2 open with 30 people in line at one in the afternoon. Usually you hear the manager get on the speaker "cashiers to the front". Not here. Just wait in line, wasting away the day. It wouldn't bother me as much if I didn't see 20 or more employees walking around all over the store. Even with the long lines, this was the only store that sold Dill buttons. If you aren't someone that uses buttons that often, this means nothing. Dill makes high quality buttons for blazers and suits. Metal and plastic. The Hobby Lobby brand and most other brands are plastic crap. Recently HL has stopped selling Dill and only offers the store brand so they can do 2 for 1 specials. At least I don't have to bother with the lines anymore. Now I order online.
4	Yeah I like this place for browsing. I can find craft items that I need that Michaels or other stores won't have. Unfortunately a lot of the bigger items that are super cute for my house are way too expensive. There is no way that I'm going to pay 30 something dollars for a tiny Eiffel Tower picture for my daughters room. Maybe someday when I become rich I'll be able to afford stuff at the store.
