3	An open letter to personal trainers with dubious credentials:The fact that you call your monthly personal training sessions "reprogramming" is super creepy. If I wanted to be reprogrammed, I'd join a cult. But in answer to your questions:Yes, I am running eight-minute miles. I know this confuses you, as I am a hearty lass. No, I do not want to take "supps."Yes, in fact I do know how to use this machine.No, I do not want to learn more about "supps."Yes, I am actually reading the New Yorker while I run.  No, I haven't changed my mind about the "supps."Now can you please leave me alone? I'd really like to finish this profile on Michelle Obama, and I can feel myself getting dumber the longer you stand here.
5	Luckily for me, I've only been approached once by a green trainer who was looking for financial support.  I just act surprised that he interrupted my workout, and I plan to say (if I must speak),"When I am interested, I will come to you."Started in 07/2006 at $12.44/mo because I bought a year's worth, got 6 months free (access to *all* PureFitness').  After that period, I payed monthly (autopay) at $15.24/mo.  Suddenly in January, the price went up to $16.05/mo, no reasoning.  I called for explanations and was disregarded both times.  Actually, not big enough co$t to attempt a conversation with a puppet (like writing a letter to the Pres of US).Weight-room fantastic for my needs.  Cardio covers all I need.  Machines are well-greased, clean, and free of damage.  TV's are low quality, though they have had plasmas JUST WAITING TO TURN ON!!  One short-lived semi-manager was bragging to me (1 year ago) that they'd been turned on soon...still not!  ha ha haAerobics room (wooded flooring) is well equipped and usually empty, unless Yoga, Prankhalatneiokfe (fighting), or cardio classes are happening (morn and night).Locker room is always roomy.Showers are fine.I'm satisfied...thanks!
2	There are so many things wrong with this gym that I could probably write a small book on its gross lack of customer service and inattentiveness to detail, but I'll try to sum it up in under 20 paragraphs.PF puts far more emphasis on the customer it's trying to court than the one it already has. Basically, a sell-sell-sell attitude. Once you are a member, you're nothing to them anymore.-I've tried to get the tv put on to no avail sometimes. PF has numerous tvs and often a big game will be showing where people are doing cardio but where people (moslty men) are lifting free weights, we'll get news or golf. "I don't know how to work the tv" or "I'll ask someone to do it" are popular responses. I've even been turned down trying to get an ASU game on and that's the local team. Disappointing for a gym with satellite tv.- PF has lowered rates for new customers and done nothing for their existing ones. They've even given equipment away to one of their other gyms meaning you're getting less for your money. - Trainers hold special aerobics classes inside the gym. No, not inside the aerobics room, inside the gym where people work out. It's not unusual to see people doing wind sprints up and down the hallway or a group of people doing ab work in front of a machine you'd like to use. -For years this place didn't provide paper towels. If you wanted to clean down equipment or your brow, you had to buy a towel or bring your own. The bathroom only had heated dryers or toilet paper. It now has paper towel dispensers but some are often empty and workers rarely care. Patrons here do a great job cleaning up after themselves. - Pushing supplements is more important than pushing you to work harder. This location has a very hard time keeping female trainers. Women are constantly being hired, but they don't last long. I'm told being  a trainer there is very difficult because you are not just required to recruit a stable of people to train, you have to sell them supplements as well. PF sells its own brand of supps  and trainers will tell you how wonderful they are, better prices than stores, etc. I think the trainers are competent, I'm told they're required to sell stuff though and convincing one that Apex is better than name brands and much cheaper is not what we want to hear during our training. - Loose or damaged equipment is often left unattended. From week to week some of the same dumb bells are loose and I once reported a bent bar on the bench press and no one there cared to remove it. I told multiple employees too.- Aerobics classes are subpar and so are the times. Some of the classes are titled one thing and then when you get into the class they're doing something else. I once did a kickboxing class and the girl had us doing wind sprints and some kind of standing aerobic movements that didn't involve punching or kicking. Many of their better classes start at like 5 p.m. It's almost as if their schedule is geared around students. There's a high turnover rate at this gym too. From the front desk girls to the trainers (many of the male trainers have been there a while) to the managers. There's literally a different manager there every few weeks and the guy who introduces himself to you on a Wednesday and says 'If you have any problems my name's Bob," will be named Steve a few weeks later and Mark after that.Competitive pricing compared to other gyms, convenience and decent, clean equipment keep me going there.Unless this gym is really convenient for you or the price is well below what other gyms are charging, check into your other options.
1	Yep, I knew better. There is no such thing as a great gym for such 'low' cost. Once I joined, which was low pressure, I have been exposed to such disappointment with customer service. Not only was my trainer so green she could not answer my questions in regards to nutrition and muscle development but she appeared to have never worked out. The truly frustrating aspect of the gym was the consistent overdrawing of funds on my account. Every month for three months the automatic debit tied to my account has been more than what was a part of my contract. The assistant to the general manager, Kelsey , has yet to rectify the problem although she has made multiple promises to fix it. When I inquired about the chain of command, there is none! That's right, none, just a district manager who is never available.
3	Pure fitness is just OK.  It is a very basic, no-frills gym.  Their pricing is very reasonable, but as the old adage says, you get what you pay for.  Compared to other gyms I've been to, they are limited on the amount of group classes they have (1-2 a day usually), and they don't give you towels to use while you are working out.  The plus side is that the upgraded membership comes with a free personal training session a week, which helps me stay motivated to work out every week.  Since I've never had a personal trainer before, I can't really say how good my training sessions have been, but my personal trainer is very nice and knowledgeable about all the machines and different exercises.
1	This company does its best to mislead customers about it's memberships.  There is no such thing as "no membership fees" or "month to month" memberships with no contract.  Do yourself a favor and don't join.  If you do join make sure you read every page of your contract -  even the fine print before you sign.  Don't be distracted by the sales person they are probably beat over the head with quota so the customer means nothing to them.  They just hope you won't read what you're signing.  It's hard to believe businesses get away with such shameful practices.
3	This Pure Fitness is great if all you want are the basics and to be left alone. Their equipment is great, well taken care of, and newer. If you're looking for a gym with tons of classes and amenities this isn't for you. For $19 a month the basics are all I need.
1	What a terrible place. My so called "trainer" could barely speak full sentences let alone english.  He kept pushing pills on me and was very distracted by all of his "gym rat friends".  He was not attentive. As for the "membership" I could not change it to a normal one, which is not what the manage told me when I signed up with him.  I have called numerous times to speak with him and he will not get on the phone or return the messages I have left.  His receptionist staff have no clue what they are talking about and are very sketchy over the phone, it's ridiculous.  The girl could not tell me they were going to try and charge me a fee to cancel ( I have had it) because supposedly everyone's plans are different.  Do not go here. So scammy and sketchy. Dirty equipment as well...
3	Hi-I want to express an ill feeling I got after leaving a Pure Fitness gym. I understand your corporation has standards, procedures, and policies in place to ensure that people off the streets don't take advantage of your wonderful gym. I've been a member for 3 yrs. and very happy with the services I've received. Because, I've been impressed with your gym I've tried to recruit friends and family. Some have joined and some were not able to due to financial reasons or location. The gym I go to is located on Baseline & Rural (Tempe). It is a great location for Tempe school district employees that have teaching positions that consume their lives and only have 20-30 min. time to get in a jog/walk. Because, of your location I encouraged a fellow employee to come with me to try your facilities. Before coming I talked to her about all that Pure Fitness has to offer her. She was motivated to come and try the gym but with our busy lives we only had 25-30 min. to workout and checkout the gym. I'd like to add that the Tempe location is one of your smaller locations and it takes possibly a few minutes to see what the gym has to offer. Upon entering your gym I was proud to bring my friend along to show her and being a honest person we went to the front desk (front desk personal weren't aware of our presence and we could have gone in without "checking in"). We asked if we can possibly get a trial pass, they automatically wanted to charge $ 10. I replied, "even if she just wants to see if Pure Fitness is a match for her?." They then said, oh we can give her a trial pass for 3 days after touring with her and talking to her. We mentioned that we didn't have very much time, He then questioned if we wanted to come look at a gym why did we come with such little time. Again, as mentioned above, working full time as a teacher consumes time and this is the time we had. The manager was very arrogant and gave us an unprofessional attitude towards us. I felt very mistreated like we had done something wrong. I was even embarrassed that I brought a friend over and get such treatment after telling them that I love Pure Fitness. I asked if we can sit down afterwards or even make an appointment after working out to sit and talk about membership/services. He said, " No tour, no pass!" and walked away. While standing there with disgust and asked the front desk personnel who was the manager they said he was. But, since I had a disagreement with him I wanted to see who he reported to. They were not aware of who was in "charge/or above him". As I was speaking to the young ladies a personal trainer told us he can give us a tour and was very kind and told us that he would not try to take our time. He just wanted to make sure we were happy and we can get a good trial experience for my friend. Kyle the personal trainer was genuine and very professional. And, because of Kyle my friend decided to come back again and set an appt. with him. Pure Fitness needs more people like Kyle to give this corporation a good name! Manager's such as Dan from the Tempe Location (Baseline & Rural), need to sharpen their people skills and then maybe your business will have more clients/members. He was rude had very poor pragmatic social skills and had a chip on his shoulder!
1	So since my original review, my previous trainer has left this location, and I have not been given any information why she left.  Also, they decided to change the plan I had to a "group work out" session instead of a personal training session.  I tried this a few times, and it really wasn't for me.  When I go for a training session, I want a one-on-one session so the trainer can focus on my progress rather than the group's.  But, the final straw that will make me never join Pure Fitness again is I received a letter yesterday from my apartment complex stating that all our memberships with Pure Fitness will be canceled in 3 days.  My plan was part of a deal that my apartment complex had with the old owners of the gym.  Now, the gym is under new ownership, and instead of letting us have a "trial period" to see if the gym has changed for the better, they are just dumping us as customers.  I see that the new owners do not care about the previous clientele enough to allow them to see how the new ownership will change the gym for the better.  They did offer us an out of pocket membership for an extra charge a month, but we would have to sign up before the old memberships cancel.  I would have liked more notice that the ownership was changing hands, and more time to decide if I would like to stay with this gym.  I will be taking my business elsewhere as I start my search for a good gym that will meet my needs.
2	The account was finally fixed. It took four months and several phone calls. It appears that I had to find the right person to complete the task.Other than that it is a basic facility. It gets the job done.
1	Oh gosh, what a place this is! The only I liked about this place was the little aerobics room- i would use it as a personal dance studio when there weren't classes. The place was very sweaty, hot, and disgusting. Bleh!The staff there is just concerned with money! They try and push supplements on you repeatedly! I tried them for several months and honestly cannot say they made any noticeable difference.I felt judged when going there because people would stare at my confusion towards several machines. Most machines are old and some are not working for weeks at a time. The girls behind the counter seem clueless and are definitely only in it for the paycheck... they act like as though you are inconveniencing them if you ask questions. When I canceled, they gave me the run around for over a month. Finally, after the manager refused to return my calls, I went in and was then charged for two more months as a "60 day notice". Oh, AND, my sister-in-law went and was cheated out of over TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS! They convinced her that she had to pay up front for an extreme amount of personal training as part of a discounted price. Well, when my brother got deployed as part of the military one month later, she was never refunded her money! That's ridiculous!
