1	Really ?!?! People like this place.  I was told to come here because of how similar it is to The Corner Pocket in NOLA... well to be honest. It's NOTHING like the Corner Pocket in my mind.  The Corner Pocket was fun, trashy (in an attractive way), and left a little to the imagination.  Real Luck is gross, trashy (as in the building might fall at any moment), and left NOTHING to your imagination (which to be honest from the ugliness of the dancers is fine... because i'm sure my imagination would have been worse)  Drinks were cheap. Staff was sketch. Dancers looked like they were on a number of hallucinogens
3	Found this interesting dive off the strip district on the way to meet some family at the Asian markets down the road. I literally had just stepped off the plane, took a shuttle into the area and started looking up the gay bars. This was the first one I had checked out. The bartender was smoking a cigarette and leered at me telling me it was a gay bar. I told him I knew that and was only stopping in for a drink. Interesting. Dirty, but people seemed friendly. Got into a good conversation. Walked in during happy hour and drinks were crazy cheap. Music blared from the jukebox and the news was on the screen.
4	Cheap. Gay. Great jute box. Happy hour everyday. Manly and mullet and gay guys. Id come here for the bears. Super retro. Up there in dive bars. Free food daily.
3	I affectionately call this place "The White Trash Bar."  Dive is quite accurate.Drinks are super cheap.  Depending on the crowd, service can take a while.  Also if you don't mind having a sock wearing dancer dancing above you, you might be fine, just be sure to cover your drink...don't need anyting 'extra' dropping in there.  Downstairs is just a simple dive bar with a jukebox.  Good for relaxing.  Upstairs is somewhat of a dance club setting.  The dance floor however seems like it is a springboard that could fall apart at any moment.  Avoid the bathrooms downstairs, use the ones upstairs, a tad more room.  Careful on the steps as well, I've seen a few people take a tumble down them (yes, I laughed at them).Never paid a cover here.  Cash only, ATM located inside.  Avoid the food sitting out.  Go the right night you may get a glimpse of the owner and her dog (yes, her dog comes in every so often).
5	Disclaimer:  I LOVE dive bars.  I don't have the patience for pretentious "blah blah blah look how pretty we all are" bars.  If you want that crap, this isn't the place for you.Lucky's is my happy place.  I mean....good lord.  When you walk in downstairs, you'll wonder where the party is.  The group downstairs will point to a door and say "You want to go upstairs."  1.  Naked dancers on the bar.  Is this legal?!  I mean...it feels so wrong.  But wow.2.  Strong cheap drinks.  3.  DJ and a dancefloor.4.  No cover.What more do you people want!?  Ok, one complaint:  it's a bit smoky.
4	Interesting spot in he strip.  Something is slightly DL about this place because you enter through a side door.  Cost of a draft is $2.75.  LIT (long island iced teas) on Sunday nights for HH.  No one in here cares who you are or why you are here.  My husband and I came in here for a beer and to play photo hunt.  No one bugged us...there is an upstairs but we never went up.  Recommended dive gay bar.  I may have been the only girl up in this piece tonight...
1	It's a crappy dive bar, the strippers need rhythm & dance lessons. I usually only come here if my friends from out of town insist on going here, I just can't stomach it anymore.     Tried to go to Jitter's last night with some friends (Jitter's & Lucky's are both owned by the same miserable owner & have the same address), and was turned away at the door. We were told that  this was a "members only party, by invitation only and a private party" and they refused to let us in.  I have been to Jitter's too many times to count, and have NEVER had a problem getting in. But last night was also the first time I didn't walk in with any of my white friends.  Those same white friends were actually in Jitter's WAITING for us, and they were NOT told the same excuse abt it being "members only". They showed their ID, paid the cover and walked right in. So this was obvisiously a blatent example of racial discrimination.  They should be lucky that anybody even wanted to go into their hole-in-the-wall bar (that is literally the basement of some raggedy old house) underneath a bridge. It's not really my scene anyway because their is always too many underage-looking kids in their openly sniffing coke,  but I've had fun there only because it's the only thing left thats open & nobody is ready to go home yet.    I wish there was a NEGATIVE star rating that I could give this place, soley based off the way that we were treated last night. Although, I shouldn't be surprised since I have had similar problems in going to Lucky's & they are owned by the same people.  No type of minorities are welcome at these spots, UNLESS you have some white friends with you...they WON'T let you in. Don't even waste your time.
1	This has to be one of the most depressing places I have ever been in my life.  I moved to Pittsburgh 1 1/2 yrs ago w/my partner and knew NOTHING about this city. I've lived all over the country at various times and figured I could make the best of pretty much any situation- I mean, my standards are pretty low to average when it comes to gay bars. All I need is reasonably priced drinks, fairly friendly people, a pool table and a decent jukebox. Lucky's has 1 out of 3 of these. I've given it several chances at different times and days of the week and each time is just more of an exercise futility. Once, I walked in, looked around, walked all the way to the back, took a whiz in the john and then walked all the way back out the front door WITHOUT waking up the bartender who was passed out behind the bar on a barstool (yep, you read that right)!!  Other times, there've been a smattering of what looked to be profoundly unhappy, sullen people who appeared to have made this the last stop on their trip to suicide...  Of all the less than average, miserable dives in this city- this has GOT to be the worst.
1	Filthy , dilapidated bathrooms, very smoky , unfriendly bar staff who seem to think they are doing you a favorFree popcorn.4 dancers, all attractive and personable.I wish they were smoke free and took credit cards. I never trust cash only. They don't report income
4	It's dive-y. It's cheap. It's everything you think "ehh... maybe not" about when you're looking into a new bar. But if you're like me, and you want a good time on the cheap at a laid-back bar, Real Luck is your place. The bartenders are friendly. The dancers aren't half bad looking. Drinks are good and cheap, food is good and cheap, it's just a neat little bar. I think the only downside is the ridiculously small bathrooms- going when you're hammered is hard enough in a normal size bathroom. All in all, though, Real Luck is a nice bar.
4	Cheap drinks. Nude male dancers. Dancing. Dive bar atmosphere. Smoke filled rooms. Lucky's is one of the 'best' gay bars in PGH (in my opinion). It's fun with friends to go dancing. You can get really cheap drinks upstairs. The insides are very 80s looking and dirty however it shouldn't matter if you're drunk.  *cash only* there's an ATM inside though.
4	Yes, I'm reviewing a strip club. Yes, I'm giving it four stars. Hear me out! Lucky's is probably the most divey gay bar in the city. From the cigarette smoke to the 1980s style booths, don't expect to order a fancy drink here. The bar itself is two and a half floors. First floor is the typical bar setting with both stools and booth to sit. They also have a pretty awesome jukebox machine. The "half"floor is just a little dingy lounge. Then the third floor is where you see the naked men, a second bar and the dance floor. We'll get to that later. There are two things I love about this place. One being the drinks, or should I say price of them. You're not going to pay over $4 for your basic drink or beer.The second thing I love is their dance floor. It may not be fancy like other dance clubs nearby in the strip, but it's easily the most fun! The DJs are always super friendly and have no problem playing your requests (and super fast!) Everybody there is just there to have fun. It's not that big, but you can definitely boogie down! Now just next to the dance floor is the... yes, strippers. Don't except Chippendales, ladies and gays. Just keep that in mind. To be honest (and I'm not just saying this to make myself look better), but I don't think I've ever looked more than 30 seconds at them. Whether you start or end your night here, you'll always have a good time!
5	Definitely the best bar in Pittsburgh! If you like lewdness and depravity like I do, you will love this place. It has everything: hobos, stray dogs, grabby patrons that aren't afraid to check things out from the adjacent urinal... I definitely plan on having my birthday there in 2015. Friendly strippers, strong/cheap drinks and Nancy keeping (dis)order with an iron fist is recipe for a great night. Btw, no strippers on Monday or Tuesday
