5	Oh! MG Photography is amazing!! Melissa is seriously one of the best photographers I've ever had the pleasure of using! She did our maternity/couple shoot and newborn/christmas photos. She makes you feel super comfortable and so easy going, but thats just one part...HER PHOTOS ARE AWESOME!! Highly recommend her to anyone looking for any kind of photography. She has great ideas and willing to help you in any way!!
5	I have had two shoots with Oh! MG Photography and both experiences were excellent. My husband hates taking photos and Melissa made us both feel comfortable, we had a wonderful afternoon and got some really beautiful photos. The second shoot was newborn photos for my daughter and I had such a hard time narrowing down the photos that I wanted! Every experience I have had has been wonderful in scheduling shoots, communications and the price is so affordable for the quality and experience! I have and will continue to recommend Oh! MG Photography to all of my friends.
5	Let start off by saying I have two young boys. We have used many home photographers, and have never been excited with the results, but pictures always turned out 'good enough.' Then I met Melissa, and my whole view on photography experiences changed! I mean, have you seen her newborn sessions? I almost want another kid JUST so I can have an amazing newborn picture! She really takes her time with the kids. She was able to get amazing photos of my older, camera shy child. I use her religiously for any event I need pictures of, including my husband's military promotion, milestones, and Halloween pictures! Not only have I never been disappointed, my expectations have always been exceeded. I will continue using OH!MG for anytime I need pictures, and she is worth EVERY penny!
5	My family of four had a beautiful photo-shoot with Melissa! I found her very reasonably priced especially for her talent and sweetness with my children. The pictures we got back were amazing and we had fun!
5	I have used Oh! MG Photography for newborn, couples and family photos. Every time the experience has been fun, relaxing and I have naturally beautiful photos! This is life style photography at it's best.  My daughter was a preemie so we had to take her newborn photos when she was about three weeks old, as a consequence Lillian was awake for half of the photos! She was patient and soothing and made the best of it and I have some amazing photos because of it. I missed my maternity photos and she rescheduled and my family ended up with great photos when my husband got back from deployment!  Also,  my husband hates having his picture taken but she even made him relax and have fun!  I have recommended her to everyone I know who are looking for gorgeous photos!
4	What an amazing photographer! Melissa was so patient while working with my year old twin girls. Can't wait to use here services again!
5	It was the first time we used Melissa and we loved her! She took some photos of my two kids at a mommy and me party and they were great! My son actually smiled and looked at the camera! Melissa is fun, outgoing and really knows how to take great photos!!! Thanks again Melissa !!!
