1	We had the worst possible experience at the Eat N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitress (Annemarie) was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with a dish we had not even ordered and still got charged for it on the check. One of my friends ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which according to the menu description, should've had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress, she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in a plate! How crude! Spoke to the manager after paying the full check and first of all, she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order, and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. When I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato, she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato! What a lame excuse! Even your online menu says under the description for a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients - "Served with lettuce and tomato on a fresh-baked Kaiser roll." - That's what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying! Instead of admitting her fault, she was blaming it to a new menu!Not only did we have to pay for something that we didn't order or eat, but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu, and had to deal with a really bad waitress and insensitive and deceitful manager to top off the whole experience. I am never going to come back to any Eat N Park location ever again, and will never recommend one to any of my friends either. What a waste of time and money! Plus dealing with callous and lying people - my goodness, I surely had my patience tested this evening!
5	This company represents a honest and caring company that cares about their community.  They operate a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat n Park locations, the new Porch in Shenley, Six and Penn Kitchen, and the new upcoming Hello Bistro.  I cannot wait to try all of their dinning places.
3	They burned my fish and they burned it bad.  Ordering fish at Eat'n Park is always a gamble.  I just never know how it's going to turn out.  I'm a risk taker so I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole. Well it went terribly wrong.  My waiter came out and said, "They burned your fish, so I had them put two new pieces in the oven."  I was impressed by his honesty and didn't mind waiting for two new pieces.   I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend's french toast while I waited. Then out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course.  That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination.  Like I said getting fish from Eatn' Park is a toss up. In the end I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones, so I left satisfied.
2	Some how even though the food at this Eat'n Park is down right abominable, the smiles and laughter is always there.  How can I stay mad when the prices or so cheep? Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having a coffee it was $31.00On this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn't have key to turn it off and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off...only at Eatn' Park.My baked potato was hard as a rock, I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one. The waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet.
