5	Delicious beer, great local atmosphere, super friendly staff! Hopefully the area gets built up around the booze district and I will be a frequent customer! Nice job Craft Haus!
2	Unfortunately I can't rate the beer or atmosphere since they locked their doors early and I couldn't try what they have. Yesterday (wednesday 9/17) I swung by and tried to check out this new brewery in the "booze district." I had done my homework: I went on their website, read about the brewers, noted their cool logo, read about their beer and note the time they were open "Wed-Fri 5pm-10pm; sat 12p-10p, sun 12p-8p"BUTTTT when I went by at 8:37pm I could see in, and tell they were already cleaning up. Weird, but I tried the door anyways. It was locked. I thought I had made a mistake, no sign on the door saying "we closed early" the hours of operation next to the door clearly stated they were suppose to be open until 10pm that night. I rattled the door a bit more, hoping it was some mistake...but no, the guy cleaning up just kept on doing so. The 2-3 persons sitting at the bar just kept on going. Sad, since I was really looking forward to this place. IDK what to tell you...maybe call ahead and make sure they're really going to be open when they say they'll be open? I would hate for any of you all to drive across town and the doors be locked.
4	For starters, the place is really nice! You're welcomed by bright colors and a well-lit space. I love the variety of furniture and how open everything feels. I love the wall of colorful cuckoo clocks! The brewing room is separate, however, you can also hang out in there as well (also known as the Pallet Lounge). The brewery is also located in the Booze District, so it's conveniently situated next to other liquor establishments like fellow craft brewers, Bad Beat.We visited on the second night of their Grand Opening Extravaganza and they had two beers available: Resinate (IPA) and Evocation (Saison). They were also offering samples of Tantalus (Hazelnut Brown Ale). Resinate is much lighter than other IPAs I've tried and Ruben really enjoyed it. Evocation is more my type of beer since it has a lighter flavor and I liked the fruity notes.It's a great hangout, so if you like beer, you must stop by. Fantastic addition to Las Vegas' craft brews.
5	As a craft beer lover, this place was a fantastic surprise!  I must admit that I haven't been following this brewery much, but after their grand opening that is going to change.  Before I get into the beers though, I must mention that they are right next door to Bad Beat Brewing Co and the Vegas Distillery... why not make an evening of visiting all three!For the grand opening they had just two beers on tap, but both were great beers.  Their IPA was nicely balanced, slightly malty but also enough bitterness to balance that sweetness and loads of orangey hop flavor.  It's kind of like a really good 2011 IPA (not as dry as today's West Coast IPA's).  This beer is a great addition to the local beer scene.  They also had a solid saison.  I was a fan of this beer too.  While not funky or over the top with ester flavors, this beer was dry and drinkable at a lower ABV than some of the crazier American saisons.  This is a summer drinker, and it's awesome!They also had a really fun tasting of their brown ale with cocoa nibs and another version of the same brown ale with coffee.  The idea was to taste both, then blend the two, and then we got to vote on the chalk board which one we liked best.  The winner presumably gets brewed for release (cocoa nibs ftw)!  I wish I could have gotten to know the owners/brewers of this place, but I am sure in time I will.  They are doing a great job on their first round of beers, and I am truly looking forward to what they have to offer the Vegas beer scene in the future!  Cheers!
4	My first impressions of this brewery was "where the hell is it" when I saw where it was on the map.  It did take me a second or two to find the exact store front once I got to the location as it isn't exactly easy to see unless you are looking for it.  Once I did find it however there was plenty of parking and I started to notice the signage they had appear out of nowhere it seemed.The tap room or "Pallet Lounge" is open, inviting and well lit and comfortable. The bar is simple and a little small, but plenty of tables and little couches provide more than enough comfortable seating.  The room is decorated with cuckoo clocks, an inspiration bike mounted to a wall and has board games available encouraging patrons to relax and have fun.  I especially loved the Bill Murray pillow they had thrown on one of the couches.Although they have been open for a few weeks, they were still having opening issues but from the sounds of it all good signs for them.  They were stating they were having a hard time keeping up with the demand for their beer and brewing more and more.  I can see why after having their saison.  It was smooth and refreshing and not overly hoppy like similar versions I've tasted recently.  I didn't have the time to try their other beers, but will be back to sample more and take the tour they offer.  I only heard a few minutes of the introduction, but the owner Dave Forrest has giving the history of the brewery and obstacles they have overcome to get the brewery up and running.  I look forward to my next visit and planning in soon.
4	So far so good! They only have 3  of their own beers available right now, but I liked everything I've tasted so far. They are currently offering the regular saison, pomegranate saison, and an IPA, and they also offer other beers on tap like lagunitas. I talked to one of the brewers and he said hopefully by next month they will be ready with a few more beers. The atmosphere is really nice and relaxing with lots of different seating options. They have tables, bar stools and even small couches. The owner told me that there will be another brewery opening up soon in the "booze district" so keep your eyes open for that! Looks like this area is really shaping up!
5	CraftHaus is a great addition to the neighborhood. Steve gave us a tour of the brewery and was happy to answer all of our questions. The owners are incredibly passionate about their craft. They are currently brewing an IPA, Resinate, and two Saisons: Pomegranate and Evocation. We started with a flight to try them all and loved both the IPA and Saison enough to have one of each. The bar is comfortable and relaxed. The cuckoo clocks and dippy bird brought back fond memories of my grandparents. They are celebrating Oktoberfest with specials and German treats. They also started offering Jones soda varieties.Can't wait to see them grow!
2	The owner is very nice, however  the beer is not that great.  It was very blah.  They only had two of their own beers on tap and the rest where guest beers.  I was not impressed with their beer ...seemed a little watered down.
5	Super nice people! Nice place with a relaxed atmosphere. Have tasted a few of their beers and have been satisfied with all so far. Always clean and really like the way it's decorated. Pomegranate Saison was delicious and Resolute Rye was too. Looking forward to the Coconut Stout and Fall Maple Spice!
5	We have since come back and tried this brewery and it was open during the hours of operation. I was reluctant...but I'm really glad we did! Loved it. They've put a lot of thought and effort into designing the layout of the bar. You have long tables for groups, and a comfortable bar. They have cuckoo clocks on the wall (matching the logo) and wide open windows to see what is going on in the back. Steve was a friendly brewer who clearly has a lot of knowledge about beer and craft breweries. He's got a laid back attitude but still saw to every persons beer needs. He's willing to talk shop and is clearly passionate about what he does, and proud of the product he makes (as they should be).We grabbed a flight of beers since we hadn't tried their beers prior. I personally loved the Lemon grass. My husband liked the double hopped one. They had 3 of theirs on tap+some guest beers. We will be back because they're going to be releasing new holiday editions like a maple one and a few others.  Also, great for groups, you can order pizza etc and pair with the breweries beers. (We will do this next time).Cheers!
5	First time visiting last night (on a Friday). Wow! What a relief it was to be at a drinking hole where people weren't hunched over their video poker machines. The whole point of a bar is you get to talk to strangers! Cheery place with friendly staff and customers.Steve the bartender and I think brewer knows a lot about beer and will answer all of your questions. His service was friendly and welcoming. A lot of breweries in my experience can be kinda snooty or cliquey, but this was not so for CraftHaus.Atmosphere was great. Beer was great. Their selection is limited, but it's changing all the time so you can come back a week later and have a totally different tap selection available. No food except for limited snacks, but they do let you get take-out and they bring in food trucks on Saturdays. Only wish I had was that the music was a bit more upbeat and the lighting was just a bit dimmer.
5	AMAZING!!!! You must stop by for a delicious craft beer, delightful conversation and they support other local artisans! CHEERS to our friends at Crafthaus!!!
4	I came here for a private event and I'm glad I did. I never knew there was a brewery back in this area of henderson and it is a hidden gem. I'm not a big beer enthusiast but on occasion I will have a few drafts. I had a selection that was similar to a heffaweisen but I'm not %100 sure of the name. The good thing is the friendly staff helps you choose something you may be interested in based of of your favorite beers. I was not too adventurous but definitely satisfied with the beer I had. I will defiantly be back here sample some more of what they have on tap.
5	This will read much like my last review, because.... Two tasting rooms/ same Booze District area!Ha, so let's begin with why tasting rooms are superior to bars:=Beer flights-taste ALL the beers! (Imagine all of the things meme)=No smoke!! None! You leave as pristine as you entered, minus your crafty new brew scentWhat more do you need? Ok for flavors here at Crafthaus, I notice we have a smaller handful, but a more playful approach; for example I just had their Resinate IPA "tweaked with wormwood" and their sour saison, which was phenomenal. Try it all, try everything, like is about variety.Food trucks pop in here often, so you may temper your drunken-ness with stomach contents. The decor in here is really cool and unique; neon stripey things span the ceiling and a big wall length chalkboard that's featuring a local artist, at the moment ;) They also have this theme of cuckoo clocks, which for some reason, I can't seem to get enough of. Also, right now I checked in on  Yelp and got something special, which was a different something special last time I checked in, so don't forget.They sell growlers( if this is unknown to you, buy one and thank me later-it's a vessel with which to bring home your tasty discovery), as well as shirts with their designs and such. While you're here, might as well also check out Bad Beat, less than 1min walk in the same complex. Booze District, for the win.Ooh!! Ask them about "what happened to the General Dave Grohl pillow" lol
