3	The colors from the windows brought me into this place. I wasn't quite sure what it was until I got inside and got a few confused stares. I told them I was knew and just wanted to poke around and they seemed okay with that. They mostly deal with younger kids, and camp groups. This place had pottery pieces everywhere, loads of it, some decorated and some bare. You could go in and purchase something and they will instruct you on how you could paint it and decorate it - pretty cool! They teach pottery, mosaics, bead bar, metal aart and glass fusing. It's a great place to take your kids, without a doubt. They also do summer camp groups, classes and birthday parties. If you are an adult who just wants some quiet guidance on pottery or painting, no need to make an appointment. Just walk right in, pick a piece and sit down - the great staff here will help you through and hopefully you will enjoy your creation.
4	This is a pottery place that does great custom pottery work, you design your own art and they have it ready in about a week.  Don't expect any deals though, because you have to pay by the hour.  We took my niece here for her eleventh birthday party and it was a fun time for all the guests.  Even if you are not artistically talented the employees are willing to assist you and give ideas.
4	Took my six year old niece here for some winter break fun.  I grew up painting ceramics with my mom as a kid and could not wait to give my niece the same experience I had.  Well it was pretty good overall..I haven't been to a place like this in over a decade so I'm not sure if it was just me but its a little pricey for a kids activity.  Especially for young kids my niece finished painting her piggy-bank in a half hour  - its $6 an hour to paint and then each piece of pottery is priced differently - the smaller pieces we're starting around $12 and the prices went up from there.  So this half hour cost me around $40.  They do have kids camps etc. which may be a better option.The place is super cute in a big old house in Myers Park and the staff we're very friendly. Another plus they do serve alcoholic beverages this could be a fun girls day or night out.  I will definitely be back!
4	This little place recently changed locations. The older space was in an old house with lots of character and charm, cozy. The new space is in a shopping center, which isn't as authentic feeling... but it's much bigger and less cramped!!This is the second year in a row I've taken the little boy I nanny for to one of Dish It Out's week-long art camps. Classes are short, not really a camp per say... but you complete up to 3 projects a day. I stay throughout the class since my little guy is special needs, but the manager is there giving him one-on-one attention the entire time. Great friendly attitudes here and lots of patience!!!Every class I tell myself I'm going to come back on my own time and paint/decorate some pottery, there's so much to choose from. Prices are a little high, but not too crazy.
5	Love love love this place.  Last year I took my son here and we painted all sorts of gifts for Christmas presents that everyone just loved!  Its really nice!  While we were painting my son and I got hungry so we went next door to the sub shop and got lunch and brought it back to Dish It Out and ate while we painted.  It only took a couple days even just a few days before christmas to get our artwork back too!  Thanks to everyone at Dish it Out!
4	Well.. It's a nice place.Place - large, spacious, have place for you to paint your pottery. Easy enough signs that tells you what you need to know and how to start on your piece. Selections - they have a tons of different ceramics you can choose from, to paint. They have stained colored glass to build your mosaic tiles, and marbles to create a mosaic image on a wooden cut out. I like the versatility.  I also loved how you can choose your own brushes, stamps, paints. The only downfall is that they give you a small tile to squirt your paint -- I see their point.  Go small, if you need more, squirt more, to reduce the amount of paint wasted. Price - I am just not used to the higher prices here. It was pricey... Because you pay for sitting fee and per hour. I am used to paying for the sitting fee, unlimited seating hours. I would prob be back for the ladies night, when it is cheaper. Service - it was good. They were kind enough to direct us where to go...
2	Great concept but pathetic customer service.  So, don't go to get your pottery 10 minutes before they close.  They do not have bubble wrap for the large pieces, so what are you supposed to do?  They handed me a bunch of tiny pieces of bubble wrap for me to put together at home. We have about 4 pieces (one big) and were juggling them, clinking all the way to the car. The employees have always been distant, but they are really negligent ,in fact.  Like I said--love the concept but the teenage girls they employ are nothing short of useless.
4	My office spent some time here for a team building. Fabulous staff and facility. They have thoughts of many details.1. They serve drinks but you can bring in food from home or a resturant.2. Inspiration books abound3. Variety is king here- paint anything from dog bowls to vases or try glass fusing or mosaics.4. They have special kids and ladies nights - next rainy day I would highly recommend this as an incredible and affordable stress relief.
