5	I honestly don't believe there's a shop anywhere in Canada like this.  Yes there's some truly awesome quality markets like Toronto's McEwans, but to be so especially well stocked in such European delicacies is just beyond belief.I was re-acquainting myself with the Atwater Market after a 10-year absence since moving to Calgary, and needless to say, it was a culinary homecoming long in the coming.  And as I walked by the many cheese, produce, meat and seafood vendors, I came upon the shock to find Cassoulet in a can.For those of you not in the know, Cassoulet is one of the densest, richest foods ever created in the French cuisine, and is a wonderful comfort food in the cold winter months.  Comprised of beans, pork fat and a Leg of Duck confit, it's cooked ideally in an iron pot for hours on end.  Needless to say, it's filling, heavy and one of those kind of meals that tends to knock out people for hours.  It's an unofficial national dish of France, and there it was, in a CAN.That piqued my interest, and so on I went in, and found myself inside a wonderland of sights, smells and colours of food cans and bottles of all types.  It was simply wicked to experience and see, and the shop was much like the TARDIS, so much larger on the inside than what it looked like on the outside.  Deep inside, the shelves were replete with fresh pastas, imports from France, Italy, Greece and so many more nations filled with Yelpy yummy goodness.  Walls of tea, olive oil, balsamic vinegar and so on, I was just overwhelmed by the wonderment, and happily left with a really nice 18-yr old balsamic vinegar recommended to me by the owner (yes, despite having a huge store filled with shoppers, the owner herself took the time to guide me in my choices) and a few cans of Cassoulet for a fellow Calgary Yelper.  Needless to say, this place has now made my must-visit places the next time I visit my old hometown, especially since as awesome the Calgary food scene has evolved in recent years, especially with my favorite Cassis Market on 17th Ave and the ever changing Kingsland Market, there's always going to be some special items that I will never be able to get anywhere else!
5	Although I pass every now and then in front of this store, I never stopped before today. I was looking for a balsamic vinegar, a brand I had the pleasure to taste the day before and that had been recommended to me. The clerk who helped me, a young man, was very knowledgeable and passionate. I worked in the field of customer service for several years in the past and I can say with certainty that his service was one of the top 10 best experiences I had in a store. I was also impressed by the great selection of products. If you like to discover new products and cooking ideas, I recommend this place for sure. Kudos.
