4	The week of grand opening I finally came here to eat during lunch. Finally we have a Smashburger near my work! Food here is great! But today, instead of fries, I got the fried pickles...not a huge fan. If you like pickles, you might like it!
5	Delicious. Got the avacado bacon club big burger with their olive oil garlic rosemary fries. Those were prolly over kill. Wouldnt get em unless sharing with someone. Great staff, says hello to everyone who comes in the door. Very professional and courteous. Fresh burger taste you cant get most places, all taste like frozen patties. Fresh veggies and great multigrain bun. Little costly at 12, large soda is overkill as well, huge cup. Id go if its in the budget, and you have a partner in crime.
3	This is a brand new facility and very clean! The service is good enough, and the food arrives quickly. The food is also pretty fresh.I just cannot fathom how they can charge $5.99 for a salad, and charge an additional $2 to add chicken to it. The amount of chicken you get does not amount to $2 worth. If Smashburger had prices more on par with their competitors, I would probably eat there more often.
5	Five stars always given when we have no complaints! For our first visit we each had different burgers which were as they claim, tasty & juicy! The sweet potato fries were good and crispy as were the shoestring onions, and we both had their gourmet HD shakes which were delicious. Food presentation is nice and simple. The staff was friendly and the service fast and accurate. The place is new and modern. It's a little pricey ($28 for 2 people) but worth the cost for better quality overall. We hope this Metrocenter location survives a long time.
5	Gave Smashbuger a try for the first time and was not disappointed. My husband and I were greeted as soon as we walked in and offered help with the menu if needed. We both ordered the regular smash burger and smash fries. The burgers were very flavorful and juicy. The egg buns soft and fresh. We will be going back for more!
2	It took fifteen additional minutes, after the rest of the food had already come, to get my son's fries. They were part of the kid's meal, which we clearly ordered, but they didn't come out with the rest of the food, and then the guy who TOOK OUR ORDER seemed genuinely confused when I asked where the fries were.Also, if I'm paying a extra dollar for bacon on my burger & they say I'll get three slices of bacon, why would they chop one slice of bacon into three little pieces and tell me they've given me three slices? It's misleading; I wouldn't have paid one dollar for so little of an extra item. They suggested next time I order EXTRA bacon! For another EXTRA dollar! How about no. And how about I don't come back.
2	2 parts to this review. Food - delicious. Love love love the truffle burger. Everything is top notch. And service is excellent. Location - (why the 2 stars) - west Peoria Ave location sucks. air conditioning is too freaking COLD. Has been since this place first opened. And I'm not talking oh a little chilly. It's way beyond that. First visit we froze. If it was a typical summer evening, no problem. On our second visit we mentioned it to the girls taking orders and they stood there, no reply, blank looks on their faces. The girl who brought our burgers said corporate sets the temperature.  On third visit, a girl told us 3 repair companies couldn't find the problem. And she said the bathrooms wer hot. SO, last week I called before driving over and was told the cooling system was better but not fixed. SO, we went to the west thunderbird location. Much more comfortable. Note to management, please please fix the problem. Cause we love your burgers!!
4	I visited SmashBurger the first time yesterday. Their burgers are pretty good. They are cooked fresh. No frozen patties there.  My new burger spot. When I want a good burger.
