5	Stewart Hough (sounds like "Though" if you call to book him) at Just Jane & Co, is definitley one Charlotte's top hair stylists--and I work with A LOT of talented hair people.  Stylist is really the wrong word, he's a hair ARTIST.  I've seen him do things with shape and texture, I've never seen any other time. He can do the most avante garde looks, but can also breathe new life and style into more traditional dos.I met Stewart on the set of a fashion shoot, where I was the photographer about six months ago and he's definitley become one of my favorite people to work with since.
5	Stuart is amazing. He offers great services at reasonable prices, including $50 keratin treatment, awesome fun colors, and even feathers for your hair :-)
5	The decor is just so fun and upbeat! I'm usually there a little later in the day, so it's not too busy or smelly. Everything is clean, everyone is friendly, and I always look prettier coming out than I do going in!
5	Brett is the stylist I see and he is great. Flexible for appointments and listens to what you say instead of just doing what he wants! I switched to him about 2 years ago after the girl I had kept messing up my hair. Love it there!
5	Once you find a great hairstylist you never want to leave him. That is how I feel about Brett. I would follow him to the end of the earth. He listens and suggests and makes me feel good about myself.  I get asked about once a month about my hair. I always say Brett Bishop is the best in Charlotte.
5	I'm thrilled that my hair stylist Brett has moved to Just Jane...it's a great salon, great atmosphere, and I feel very welcome when I go! If you are looking for someone who has a great eye for color...Brett's it! If you are looking for a great cut....Brett's it! If you want someone who is going to give you the style that will suit you...and not the same cut that everyone gets...Brett's it!  Can't say enough about him! He's the best...and I'm so glad I found him!
5	JC does amazing work. I have gone to other stylists before and their work just pales in comparison. I have never walked away dissatisfied. She is a very kind and genuine person as well and that is important to me.
5	I have known JC for 13 years. She does a fantastic job and is extremely knowledgeable. She helps advise me as to what will look good. She did my hair for my beach wedding, and it was more beautiful than I could have imagined! I wouldn't trust my hair to anyone else! Thanks JC!
5	I have been a loyal customer of JC Herrin for more years now than I can recall - at least 11, maybe more. She is the only stylist in Charlotte that I will trust my locks to, and I always leave satisfied and well cared for. JC is an artist and has a great eye for making you look your best. I have referred multiple friends and coworkers to her over the years, and none have left dissatisfied. JC is fantastic!
