4	Los Compadres 2 is one of the best Mexican meat markets in town. Their prices are solid and their meat selection is even better. I recently just stopped in and picked up some al pastor and seasoned beef short ribs. Some of their meats come pre-seasoned which = just throw it on the grill and let the magic happen. To bad this place is on the other side of town for me.
5	Our favorite Mexican mart for picking up grub on the weekends. The carne asada, short ribs and pollo asado are all excellent! Their pastries & cakes are fantastic as well! Highly recommended for great marinated meats.
4	What can I say other than omgness?! I love coming to this small grocere/bakery. My family totally loves the already marinated Carne Asada from here and I love the freshly baked breads and cakes they make here. Last time I flew back home to Hawaii, I bought $70 worth of Carne Asada, froze it and flew it home. My number one fix for mexican food.
4	Great store. Great find in my area.I needed to pick up some pan dulce for a "Seis de Mayo" party (guess everyone was busy on the fifth) and I checked good ol' Yelp for some advice. I only picked up some pan dulce (which was very tasty and fresh). I look forward to checking out their meat market a little more since there are no large Mexican Grocers in my area. The prices were cheap too, I was very impressed and I'll definitely be back.
4	Where can you eat some of the best tacos in Vegas? My house, of course. But, I can't take all the credit. I bought the pre-seasoned and marinated meat for a recent BBQ at Los Compadres. The proteins purchased were pork chops ($2.49/lb), chicken breasts ($2.99/lb), and carne asada ($5.99/lb). The quality was great, all were easy to cook, chop up and serve in tortillas with all the toppings.If your Spanish is no bueno, don't worry. They've got employees at this little Mexican market who speak English. The quality of their produce looked good, although prices were about the same (sometimes even more expensive) than what you would find at big chains like Albertsons or Smiths. I thought I'd save plenty of money by shopping here instead of those places, but I really didn't. I'll come back, though, to get my taco meat fix.
4	We still keep going here for our carne asada but the prices have really cut down on the amount we purchase. We've been buying a lot more chicken, it's excellent as well, but when the carne is $1.50 more per pound than it is in CA it's definitely priced too high.
4	This is a great little Mexican supermarket that i come to when I am craving some pan dulce. Their pastries are really good, love their conchas!
1	Nefasto el servicio de pasteleria y te quedan mal con lo que pide que se realize al pastel y  te piden la nota del pastel y luego no te la regresan fatal!! Muy mala experiencia
4	Great variety of fresh marinated meats available. They also have a hot food counter for your typical Mexican flare.Love the pre-marinated meats tho! Always go back.
5	By far the best carne asada tacos in town! The super burrito is insanely good! I also like to purchase the marinated chicken fajita meat for parties! Yum! I am a forever customer.
