5	I used to go to this hole-in-the-wall with my Dad back when I was in high school. And HE used to go there when he was in College. If you like peperoni Pizza this is the best place in town. They lay on the peperoni thick, slicing it in a signature lengthwise style... If you're looking for tasty, greasy and filling old school Montreal pizza, this is the place.
5	My man's mom used to hang out here in high school and this is the pizza he grew up on, which I think in part explains his awesomeness. If I had grown up on this pizza I'd be cooler. The pepperoni is fat strips of cured beef on top of the cheese like yo, this is how we do it and your insides can just weep and deal with it. We had friends over and ordered this pizza and it sent them home to bed with their heads spinning. Not for the faint of heart, but truly excellent for what it is.
4	I had a craving for pizza the other day, and Risa D.'s review was the clincher.I've got to say, this was the best pepperoni pizza I've ever had. The pepperoni they use is nothing like the pepperoni I've seen on other pepperoni pizzas. Yes, I am trying to say the word pepperoni as many times as possible in the one review.I also tried their mushroom pizza, and I was pretty good - keeping in mind that I absolutely LOVE mushroom pizzas, and have a very high bar when it comes to a pile of fungus on a pizza.There's no fancy thin-crust pizza here, but it's not some crappy/floury crust either. I would say it was pretty much the perfect thick-crust pizza - thick but still tasty, and not a chore to eat.The only thing I wasn't in love with was the tomato sauce they used - It tasted great, there just wasn't enough of it! That being said, I'm putting it down to a one-off thing and will definitively go back there again to eat.
5	Pendelli's is with out a doubt the best true pizzeria pizza!! I lived close to this pizzeria   growing up and every weekend was a Pendelli weekend! 10 star pizza!
2	I had the 'all dressed' or whatever its called, the standard one. It was average, base was too doughy and the tomatoe sauce they use is a bit on the tangy side. My girlfriend had the vegetarian and it was not great, canned asparagus should never take a lead role on a pizza.Not great value either, the buy one get one half price displayed on the window only covers medium and larger so for a couple of medium pizzas you are looking at almost $25 including taxes. I would have given them three starts but the service was joyless and I generally have pretty low standards when it comes to service. I can see why people like this place if they compare it to the dominos just down the road, but Pinolis Pizza on Monkland dominates this place, its cheaper (genuine two for one on the regular menu for eat in) and better and the service is slightly more friendly.
5	Going to Pendeli's for the first time was a total fluke...my boyfriend and I were hungry, the fridge was empty and we were not in the mood to go to the grocery store and cook something ourselves so we set out to find a restaurant.Without even knowing what we felt like eating, we drove around NDG. My Yelp app told me about this pizzeria, and suddenly, pizza was the only thing on our minds. We quickly drove there and once we stepped in, we knew...this was going to be epic.You can generally tell the quality of a pizzeria based on their pizza cooking technique (conveyor belt oven vs actual pizza oven) My boyfriend was happy to see an authentic pizza oven! Then we watched their assembly of the pizzas...HOLY PEPPERONI BATMAN!!!Instead of slicing down to form circles, the pepperoni is cut lengthways to create long strips of awesomeness! And the bacon! OMG the BACON...actual strips of bacon instead of rolled up pieces of chewy nastiness that occurs on most of the pizzas around...The ingredients are super fresh...we always get the Pendeli's special without anchovies or olives/vegetarian without olives.The only way they could make their pizza better is by making chicken a topping choice...(we would add it to the veggie)We tried the fries and the sub one time...both don't live up to their pizza.PIZZA PIZZA PIZZA...So good...Youmusteathere.
5	If you want a pepperoni pizza in NDG, this is the place. They use thick STRIPS of pepperoni, not the paper-thin slices of almost-bologna that now permeate the Montreal pizza landscape. I've also had the Pendeli's Special, which is terrific as well. FYI, Van Horne Pizza in Outremont also uses the same type of pepperoni, and is almost as good. The sauce and crust at Pendeli's is better though.
5	Pendelis is still run by the ever-entertaining Theo who serves up some serious pizza in this town. Everything is hand-made (the pizza and poutine sauces, the dough and the tzaziki all are made on site) and all the ingredients are top-notch quality. And you have to admit, they're pretty heavy-handed with toppings.  (Woe to the poor soul foolhardy enough to ask for 'extra cheese'... It's like a 1/4" thick in that scenario). The only downside is the vegetarian pizza-- easily remedied by asking for an all-dressed (without pepperoni) and olives, instead.
2	Well,  the pizza was ok. The sauce is really missing that extra seasoning,  very bland taste. The dough was good ( get it well done ),  the cheese was cheap and straight out of the plastic bag already grated.The pepperoni was good,  they cut it length wise. To be honest,  its a step above the fast food pizza joints,  thats about it.The guy on the phone seems to be in a terrible mood when you call all the time. reminds me of the guy from "Do the right thing". On the MoeFactor scale,  61/2 on 10
1	Worse pizza ever.. Worse service ever. Gave it a couple of chance. Never ordering again, especially after giving them an order for a dozen pizza for a lunch meeting and all pizza were gross and undercooked. And the owner is the most arrogant, nasty person.
5	Hands down one of the best pizza in Montreal.  Old School pizza with the pepperoni sliced lenghtwise and placed on top.  As the pizza cooks, it causes the pepperoni to crisp and release its flavors....  This place is an institution for pizza, never fails to satisfy even the most discerning critics....   Look forward to my next visit....
4	Wanted to order pizza in NDG today, and my favorite Al Dente was closed, so looked on help and after seeing the good reviews, ordered an all dressed large.It was really good and rich. Heavy pizza. Tons of cheese and meats and everything, it's also thick pizza. Usually I don't like thick pizza, but this one was really good. It's definitely heavy hangover food though, not light oven cooked pizzas like Al Dente.Food also came pretty fast. Like 30min.
5	This is serious pizza. Super thick and tasty crust, loaded with big, quality toppings. It's a damn satisfying experience. And the pepperoni is truly awesome.  Easily only of the best (if not best) delivery pizza places in the city.
3	A Montreal institution and a great example of Montreal style pizza... Or at least what was Montreal style pizza in 1982.
