4	Yay - I see I'm the first to review the first Arizona franchise of "the leader of the salad revolution." I'd heard of Tossed before (maybe because it was voted "NYC's best salad" by New York Magazine.) Or, maybe because my friend opened a similar concept called Dressed in Atlanta... either way, I'm the kind of girl that loves a big salad for lunch, and I'm psyched to have a place like tossed here in Arizona...As of today, October 10, Tossed has been open just over a week. So I know I can't be too tough on them... when we went a few days ago, they were still getting used to being open. Even so, it was a positive experience.  The space itself is pretty large for a salad restaurant.  I think it used to be an Arizona Bread Company - I hope it does well at this location as I'd love for it to stay!I was with my brother; I asked if he'd join me for lunch at tossed since I really wanted to try it.  We walked in and figured out to go to the side that was to order in (as the other side was for catering and take out orders) - it was kind of confusing, but we later learned (from Gazwan Paulus, the Area Developer) that bigger signs are on their way.Since I'd picked up one of the tossed menus before we went, we both were somewhat familiar with it, but it still took me a few minutes at the register to design my own salad from their huge list of ingredients.  Zack chose from the list of "specialty salads and creative interpretations of familiar favorites" and ordered the Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad.  I finally chose my unique combo of greens, chick peas, chopped tomato, avocado, turkey, and maybe celery.  I also suggested to Zack that we order one of their whole wheat crepes (that are made fresh in the store to create crepe wrap sandwiches) to share.  After we ordered and payed, we were given a # to bring to the table - I do like the fast casual concept.  However, it was not until after we ordered that we were able to actually see all of the ingredients in front of us - I may have chose differently after seeing everything laid out in front of me...Regardless, it was only a matter of minutes before  our beautiful salads were delivered to us.  Presentation was beautiful, service was friendly, and best of all, our salads were delicious!  I'd taken the suggestion from Tori (the girl who took our order) to taste the Strawberry Balsamic Vinaigrette as my dressing and it was delicious - Thanks again, Tori!  We were both pleased with what we ordered; the crepes were a light, chewy, unique texture that we both really enjoyed as well.  Somehow a bite or two of cheese made it into my salad which isn't the end of the world, but I knew I hadn't ordered it- I'll let it go since they are still so new.There are a ton of other salads that I look forward to designing at tossed and I cannot wait to go back for more!  You may want to check it out online before you go as the menu can be a bit overwhelming.  Prices range from $6.95 - $10.95 but can get even more expensive if you like to add a ton of ingredients.  I'd plan on spending about $10 per person on average.  Not so bad... oh, and they also soup, smoothies, and sweet treats including freshly baked cookies, brownies, and fruit - there is something for everyone.As we were leaving, we met the Area Developer I spoke of above and he was really nice... he wanted to make sure we had a good experience and he told us of their plans to build locations of tossed all around the Valley.  I hope they will consider coming to Old Town because that's where I'll be soon!
3	Fresh ingredients, fast service, great concept. A definite return.I too thought I might be the first to review this place, but as always, the die-hards beat me: hugs to Gabi =PI'm so glad to have a clean all-salad option in the area. It wouldn't have been a place I made my way to on my own, but its reputation preceded it. Normally for this kind of thing, I have to find a Sweet Tomatoes, which of course is a buffet. But Tossed does it all (including can't-go-wrong salad mixes) and serves it up fresh and fast.I was confused when I first went in. I was presented with a register and a sign that said catering and to-go. To the right behind a chest-high glass was the salad mixins in plain view. I took a menu and started to look at the options. Busy crowd at lunch after only a few days open! Then I realized the flow to make my order: get in line to reach a register on the other side of the room and make my order there. On the way I get to watch salads being made as I eye certain ingredients and examine their quality (through the glass of course).You can choose from the many "recipe" salads, and the cooks will make it to order from the dozens of ingredients, or you can make your own. NICE!Not so much on the "crepe" wraps. You can see a pile of them up high at the sandwich station, and no real crepe will last more than a few minutes after being cooked before it just tastes SO wrong (like scrambled eggs on the 2nd day -- ew!)I had the cobb salad and ordered the blue cheese dressing tossed in and was very pleasantly surprised. Not heavy, well mixed, chicken slightly dry, but not offensive. Presentation very neat. Pickled white onion was the only ingredient I could "complain" about; I'd prefer red if I do it again. And all in a nicely-timed one-hour lunch.Don't miss it.
4	This is a great lunch spot that reminds me of this great salad place in San Fran called Pluto's. I have been wanting there to be a make "your" own salad place to open up in Scottsdale, that is not part of a buffet restaurant and finally.....sigh...it has happened! So many different "toppings" to choice from, the possibilities are endless! All different types of lettuce, veggies, meats and cheeses to add. They even have tofu for the vegetarians. So I'm a fan! I am so picky about my dressings but their strawberry balsamic dressing is one of the best I have had. Their other choices sound just as good.They had a great selection of sandwiches and crepe wraps as well.I took a menu home to study....I will be back often!
5	Tossed just opened recently in the shopping area I frequent. This place is fantastic. Wide variety of salad mix'ins, creative menu and huge portions. Their vegetables are as fresh and delightful as the staff that served me. I was very pleased with my chicken wrap and am excited to try something else at this restaurant. I could easily see this place becoming my default go-to restaurant when I'm hungry and can't think of what to have for dinner. I highly recommend it!
3	Tossed has good and healthy food.  I was thoroughly satisfied with my meal and would consider going back.  But the price was a bit much for a five  vegetable salad.
4	We ran into this place somewhat randomly a couple of weeks ago and have already been back. It's the perfect quick lunch stop, in that the food is great, there's something for everyone, and it's healthy. Salads, Sandwiches, Crepes (wraps), smoothies.......a cornucopia of healthy dining choices! I have not yet been able to pry myself away from the Chipotle BBQ Chicken Crepe. Great flavor and I love that it's a whole wheat crepe, as opposed to a tortilla. There is so much that looks good on the menu, but I just keep going back to that same crepe. Here's hoping I have the good sense to branch out next time!
3	Went with a couple of coworkers for lunch today. The servings are pretty big, but the price ($8-9) for a salad seems a bit much. I had the roast beef melt. Wasn't very hearty and I though this was also kind of small for $8. It came with some colorful tortilla chips, but no salsa. Seemed like a weird combo. My coworkers really liked their salads. I would come here with them again, but it's not a top pick.
2	I hate to write bad reviews, but this place sucks.  I'm a vegetarian, and I loves me some salad, but Tossed is just too pricey for what you get.  I've tried it a couples times, but I won't be going back.$8-9 dollars gets you a salad, but for that price I think it SHOULD come with a fountain drink and a nice hunk of bread.  Really, you're just paying for a bowl of raw produce....and what sort of salad place doesn't have plain ol' white mushrooms???  Yeah, they have portobello and shitaki but no "plain"?  Weird!
5	First time - I'll go back!Price - actually, not that bad.  Where can you go in N. Scottsdale and find something for less than $10, specifically for lunch?Portion - definitely decent!!!I ordered the lunches online and there were substitutions, which they took no note of, but the gal was very sweet and brought the correct salad to my office.Try going around the corner to Fox Sport's Grill, where you'll pay $14 for a salad and definitely less than 1/10 as good as Tossed...
3	I like the concept.  Salads, greens, choose your own.  It all just feels right.  The salads are pretty good and so are the wraps.  I would have given the place 4 stars but they insist on playing Fox News on the TV.  Watching those bitter neo-cons complain about losing the presidency, house and senate makes me lose my appetite.  I asked the owner to change the channel and he refused telling me that he can't please everyone.
2	Tossed you've been automatically downgraded to my, "not going back" status.I hate to say it but crap man, we tried this place I wanna say 5 times now and everytime we leave, were pissed off, what's with that?? So far I've had and been dissapointed with, The tarragon chicken salad sandwich - overly sweet and has a rather odd taste to it.The Caprese- which should be hard to screw up but it happened, dry dry bread served with beefsteak tomatoes, what?? A "custom salad" where the ranch tasted almost like I sat out in the desert sun all morning and a Caesar Salad which SHOULD be hard to screw up, but yet again was rather bland.The final straw came today as we went in for a late lunch, the experience started out rather positively as the girl who took my order was friendly and upbeat....Then things just went south.First, after ordering (today I ordered the Chicken Pesto melt)., we noticed that she was the only one up front and perhaps looked like the only one working in the restaurant period.As we sat down and waited on our food I commented again about how the place was always empty and wasn't sure it is going to survive much longer.Then waiting turned into 5 minutes, which turned into 10 minutes which turned into a manager clanging around pots behind the counter looking totally confused on how to prep a salad and a melt.At breaking point (around 15 minutes or so and a complete lack of teamwork) I just about went Gordon Ramsay on the staff when suddenly our dishes appeared, served with "Sun Chips" and all.Bland again, later tossed.
1	OOoooo no. I love these salad joints, able to make a salad EXACTLY how i want it (and i'm quite picky when it comes to my leafy goodness) So frankly, when i'm the chef, how could you possibly mess this up??????Well, when it takes 20 minutes in a completely empty restaurant on a Thursday at 3pm to make a salad, my patience gets a little thin.  I go up to ask the guy when the food might be ready, and he totally blows me off, waving his hand in dismissal.  After another 5 minutes we finally got our crepe salads.  The crepe was dry, cold, and tasted like paper;  the salad was weak, with too few ingredients and overdressed to boot.  And served with sun chips...sun chips?  Seriously?  I mean I like them quite a lot but what the heck are they doing on my plate with a crepe salad at a restaurant????I will not be going back, and I would not recommend anyone else giving it a shot.  Disappointing and boring just about sums it up.
2	Tossed isn't awful, it's just boring. The atmosphere is boring, and somehow my Cajun shrimp salad was boring. I don't know how a Cajun anything comes out bland, but my friend ate the same thing and had the same review. I don't think I'll be back -- again, not because it was a terrible experience but just because it was so lackluster.Oh, and a salad and iced tea for $14? Seems a little much to me, all things considered.
4	I loooves my salads, so I had to try Tossed, the new-ish create-your-own salad place in the area. I actually ended up going with one of their menu salads, because it's less expensive, as the girl at the counter pointed out. If you make your own, it's $7 for the lettuce, 4 toppings, and dressing. Each additional topping is $.50, cheeses are $1, and proteins are $2. The Tossed Signature salad I ordered for $9 would have cost $10.50 had I made it on my own. So if you make your own salad, the prices can get a little steep, but their menu salads are very reasonable, IMO. Reviewers complaining about $8-9 salads...where else can you go get a freshly made lunch for much less than that in North Scottsdale?!  The salad prices are comparable to Paradise Bakery and other similar quick-serve options. And the portions are comparable to CPK or Cheesecake Factory, where you'd pay $11-14 for a salad with a protein in it. This is a great place for a quick and healthy lunch!
4	Being a salad connoisseur, I think these guys nailed it. They have a plethora of different salad creations to choose from and also allow you to 'build your own' salad if you wish to do so . For the individuals who aren't too keen on their salad/greens there's an alternative - They have these amazing 'fluffy' crepe wraps to choose from as well as sandwiches, melts and soups.The only downfall about the whole experience I feel is the SMALL cups they provide you with. Their portions, wether it be the salad or crepes, are fairly large, but then the 'to-go" style plastic cup they give you doesn't seem to compliment the meal. So just expect to make a few trips up to refill. My fave salad at Tossed would be The Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad: Crisp hearts of romaine, blackened chicken, chopped tomatoes, tortilla strips, black bean corn salsa, feta and avocado with citrus chipotle dressingEnjoy!
5	We eat here all the time.  I don't get why this place got bad reviews by some people on here.  We have been here weekly (at least) since it opened & the service is fast & friendly, the food is excellent, you can choose from a ginormous array of interesting things to put in your salad.Sure the decor is bland.  Who cares?  Food is great, service is great, easy to get to.  It *is* a little more expensive, but if you are in the mood for a good FRESH salad, this is your place.  Sweet Tomatoes & Soup or Salad are McDonald's quality...this is not.
2	I am going to make this short and sweet. Expensive salad/sandwich/crepe place that people seem to flock to for lunch. Not sure why as its just ok. Nothing more, nothing less. If you have about $15 to blow on lunch, then give this place a try. Your experience may be better than mine on the two occasions I was there.
1	I have given this place three chances. Why I will never know. Each time has been unpleasant Its close to my work and today I wanted a salad for lunch. There were only 3 tables of people, all already enjoying (I think) their salads. So I think it will go fast and I order one to go. 10-15 minutes later I finally get it. No clue why ti took that long. Seriously. So here I sit at my desk, trying to choke down the most disgusting salad I have ever come upon. Wendy's makes better salads then this place! I ordered a BBQ Chicken Salad. The chicken is actually grey in color, GREY, so I have picked around all of it. The salad is really soggy and I have no idea what the dressing is, but its wrong! Just Wrong! I'm starving and now out the $9.50 I paid for this bowl of nasty :( I feel like a sucker. Also they asked me if I wanted a roll. I said yes....never got it ;( Thanks for ruining my lunch Tossed.
3	Another option for paradise bakery or wildflower fans! About the same price range. The SW Chicken salad and the chili chicken soup combo was good.
4	A salad is a salad is a salad. Yeah, we've all had them. It's lettuce, vegetables, sometimes fruit, maybe some nuts, cheese if you please, and dressing. But, have you ever noticed that not all salads are created equal? Okay, well maybe you haven't, but I have.  And at Tossed, their salads have that je ne sais quoi quality -- something better and something tastier that you just can't quite put your finger on. My salad of choice was their Greek Salad. Perhaps it was the shredded lettuce or the perfect ratio of kalamata olives to feta cheese that made it so good, but this by far was one of the best Greek salads I've had. My dad, on the other hand, opted out of a salad and instead had a Turkey Crepe Wrap.  He loved it and kept raving about it throughout the meal. All in all a great salad (er, and wrap) experience. And, needless to say, a salad isn't always just a salad. Give Tossed a try and you might realize a world of salad possibilities.
