4	If you are a whiskey lover and find yourself in Edinburgh this place is an absolute must!I did a whiskey tasting and had dinner here with a group and it was a fantastic experience. The tasting lasted approximately an hour and consisted of an explanation of the scotch malt whiskey society, a lecture on the history of whiskey and how to properly taste/drink it and obviously a whole lot of whiskey! There were four whiskeys in total, and I'd say a total of 10 oz of liquor at least.What I found to be the most interesting part is that the SMWS buys entire casks of whiskey from distilleries. The distillery itself will make hundreds of casks and then their tasters will determine which casks should be combined, diluted and bottled so the resulting branded whiskey will always taste the same. SMWS on the other hand, will sample and buy individual casks so the whiskey you get here is not available anywhere else and much stronger (since it hasn't been diluted - one of the whiskeys I tasted was in excess of 60% alcohol content, definitely needed to add water to that one!) The individual holding the tasting was very knowledgeable and professional. Unfortunately, nothing is served with the whiskey. My group had been golfing all day and had not had anything to eat since lunch so it was a bit rough on the stomach. However, when we asked for something to snack on they didn't hesitate in bringing out bread.Dinner was also fantastic. We had a smoked salmon appetizer and braised lamb as the main, which they paired with another whiskey.The entire tasting and dinner was in a private dining room, which I thought was a very nice touch as it led to a very intimate experience. I felt the price for both the tasting and dinner was very reasonable.
4	Everything about the Whisky Society is done well: the facilities, staff, atmosphere and of course the whisky.The Queen Street venue is a great place to spend some time, whether on your own, taking friends out for a special drink or on business. The Society membership fee lends an air of exclusivity to the experience, but it's not too pricey. The whisky, on the other hand, doesn't start cheap and rises pretty high, so don't rush your dram. (Other drinks are available.)I enjoy every trip to either of the Society's premises in Edinburgh and wish I paid them more visits than I currently do.
5	Pretty cool place for Scotch lovers. You need to be a member or a guest of a member to get in, but membership is only 50 pounds a year. The scotchs they offer are one-offs making it a unique drinking experience. The food was also very good. Much better than I expected. And the prices were very good too; at least in the member section. I think the membership is well worth it.
4	The Scotch Malt Whisky Society on Queen Street is, quite simply, a haven for whisky lovers away from the tourist traps that are everywhere else specialising in whisky. The only issue with the Queen Street rooms, over the Leith venue is that it is prone to pinstripes.SMWS Queen Street has a huge selection of single cask whiskies, among the purest form of whisky. The whiskies they stock can only be purchased by members and there is generally not more than around 500 bottles available. The most interesting drink I ever had in my life was here, an 81.3% alcohol rum. Even the smallest of sips of this would desiccate your mouth, the back of your lips felt like the outside of a raisin and as for the taste, it was a grumbling behemoth of flavour that got more and more intense as it unfolded. Mental, but great.
5	Home sweet home!Whisky, whisky and more whisky. If only they had a cigar terrace to finish it all off :o)
5	I do not even drink scotch and I loved this place! I was, however, with two hardcore scotch drinkers and they love the place as much as I do so I am comfortable singing its praises. A friend invited my BF and I for drinks at the upstairs bar while we were in Edinburgh and it was so much fun.The upstairs bar is cozy and the servers friendly. We found some comfy chairs in the back room, ordered some food and then the boys got down to the business of scotch drinking. While I honestly cannot understand the appeal, they seemed very happy. As far as the food, my leg of lamb was AMAZING. I also had an elderberry cider I am hoping to find back in the states and a super-high proof rum (160?) that was probably one of the best drinks I have ever tried.
5	Members are friendlyAn oasis of whiskyFood is a plus too.
4	I really like the Whisky Society - As a member it really hits the spot when you want somewhere cool to chill and be almost guarenteed a seat. It's warm and the staff are ace. The main reason I'm not hitting 5 starts *(yet) is that I am still to eat in the dining room downstairs. It looks ace but I've heard mixed reviews. So I shall test it! However the bar food, whisky, beer selection etc are all cracking! The bottles make a cracking present for that whisky lover in your life.
5	The great thing about being a whisky lover in Edinburgh is that the we get two SMWS venues!Queen Street has the same huge menu of society whiskies, a decent selection of beers and a similar bar menu to The Vaults, however it is a different atmosphere to the Leith venue.There is something lighter and more casual about Queen Street which makes it a great place to pop in for a drink, coffee or food.  A fantastic escape from the madness when the city is busy however due to this it will get quite busy at peak periods.I recommend everything about this place.
5	What a special place! From the outside, unassuming and you would walk right past it, as it blends on and looks like every other row home. But inside you are treated to a beautiful formal dining room. Upstairs is the "members only" bar. Great wine selection but the real treat is the Scotch whiskey. I ordered  from the vegetarian options of a fixed menu. The waiter asked if I am a true vegetarian, and I'm not and so we were presented an amuse bouche , a quail terrine, with a complimentary tasting of a 20 yr old Scotch. I had a pasta and soybean starter followed by an aubergine main. Both were delicious! We finished the evening with an amazing cheese plate. Service, atmosphere and food and drink exceed expectations. A very special place that is perfect for a special occasion!
