5	I've always worked out but have always had that annoying flab in my mid section that exercise and diet won't touch... I've now had 3 sessions on my abdomen and can honestly say I see a change happening :)) the laser treatments really are "redefining" my waist line; I will continue with diet and exercise, this isn't a quick one time fix, but with a few more treatments, along with my healthy regimen, I expect to become a fit and fabulous, 52yr old ;)My waxing experience was also the best ever, no redness or breakouts and totally ready for that bikini shot!!
5	Best and most personal wax experience! The estheticians are quick, efficient and make you feel completely welcomed! I will never go any where else for my waxing (especially brazilian)! The regrowth took over 4 weeks and it was almost painless! They use a hard wax, sort of like the big franchise that claims they have the best wax but WAY BETTER! I had ZERO INGROWN HAIR! They sell an awesome ingrown hair product that is inexpensive and actually works! They aren't your typical "gilbert spa", the atmosphere is so friendly and they truly take care of me.LOVE that they are locally owned and operated! I'm keeping my money in my community :)
5	I came here for the Strawberry Inch Loss Laser. I was so incredibly happy with the results. It allowed me during 8 sessions to drop 8.5 inches. I took the sessions serious and ate healthy along with minimal exercise to help with the flushing process. I cant believe I am wearing pants i have not worn in years. This is an amazing service for those wanting to drop some inches from the waist. I also received a facial and the product they use is amazing and corrected my skin as i continue with the product as my home care product. I would suggest Redefine to anyone looking for a friendly honest staff that makes everyone feel welcome and at home.
5	This place is a HIDDEN GEM! Seriously everyone here is amazing at what the good. Great prices on the services, and they do an amazing job. The staff is friendly and caring! Always a great conversation! A must visit place. I go no where else. Also buy an AZ get local card and always get 5% services!
5	I have been coming here since the Spa has opened in January. The services are just amazing as well as the staff which are always helpful and friendly. I received a massage from their therapist Vicki and I must say its one of the best massages i have received. She is very intuitive to what your body needs as well as listens to what the problem areas are. Very relaxing massage and such an amazing place. I recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good experience at a spa!
