4	I've been hooked on Benefit cosmetics line for a while. The MUA I had used it for the girls performance shows. Their eye products were and still are my favorite.  Now that their line has grew to include their brow bars. I like it because it's super convenient since I shop at Ulta. Im not a big fan of this particular store though.  But this past visit I just happen to catch the brow technician finishing up with a client and I love the work she did. So I consulted with her and decided to get my brows waxed. Good thing they take walk ins.  Reina had one other client ahead of me, that's how popular she is.She first mapped my brow to mark where the beginning, arch, and end of a brow is suppose to be and used a soft wax with strips to remove the hair and massage soothing gel to calm redness.  Real easy and quick. I like the fact  she gave me a nice shape with a decent arch which I can maintain it myself till the next appointment.  Prices are a little higher than the salon but I don't mind since they use my favorite products on my eyes and it's just more convenient for me to make a one stop shop here.
4	First I have to rave about why I love Yelp. Without Yelp, I never would have found out about this place. I never would have went. So a big thank you to Shirley B. for the very helpful info and hooking a sister up.I made an appointment and was the first of the day. My appointment was scheduled for 10am, however Reina didn't show up until right at 10am and had to set up. She apologized and said they should have scheduled me for 10:20 am and not at 10. She apparently doesn't do the scheduling.I went with a tint and wax. Reina mapped my brow before she started applying the tint. She asked me which tint I wanted and I explained this was my first time. She suggested a color of dark brown but not ebony and so that is what we went with. The tinting process was easy and not long at all. It gave me a nice color and I was happy with it. It could have lasted a little longer I think, since I feel I don't have much tint now and my visit was a week or so ago. I think I could have went darker and had her leave it on longer. But now I know for next time. The job Reina did on my wax was really one of the best I have ever had here in Las Vegas. She didn't over wax and worked with the natural shape of my brows. I have a natural high arch and I have a deep scar in one of my eyebrows and this often throws people off. But Reina did something out of this world. She gave me a shape and didn't make my arch more intense. She instead worked with it and provided me with results I loved. I didn't feel rushed in her chair. Reina took her time with me and it was a very nice experience. I will be back. I am okay with paying a slight premium if I know I am paying for good services.Payment was easy. She gives you a card filled out and you take it to the cashier. Worked for me really especially since I had bought some other items from Ulta and was able to pay all together.
5	Just tried the benefit brow bar at ulta!!! Omg!!! Amazed!!!! Cheetara is amazing she is super friendly and well educated!!! Definitely going back in two weeks for a touch up!!! Thank you cheetara!!!!
