3	I spent the holidays in Arizona with the wife's family. When I found out they had a UFC nearby, I got excited! I thought to myself, "This could be great! A solid workout while on vacation!"Ya know, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed when I walked in. I was expecting a full size gym, like the one at home in Torrance. But I was already committed and I wasn't going to go looking around town for a full size gym. Plus, the staff was extremely welcoming and enthusiastic. Make no mistake, I was there for the weight room. I'm not into MMA, Tae Bo, Pilates or Crossfit or other trendy gibberish; just pushin weight. So when I saw that they had a weight room that was better suited for a hotel fitness center, I found myself kind of bummed! But the more I thought about it, they had everything that I really needed. Back to basics! So I worked out there for the week and had a really good time. The staff was super friendly, the music was good, SportCenter was constantly on the flat screens, and the members were pumped about their gym. What looked to be a crappy gym week actually turned out nice! What I didn't get what, what's up with all the wasted space? They could easily fit 9-10 more machines in there. Why not make that place a real gym? And finish the Octagon! See you next time!
1	I was offered a class for free and here and it is not worth it! I came to workout not to be forced into trying to buy a membership. I did a month to month membership and then they tried to say I did a year membership and tried tacking on a whole lot of fees! Do not go here unless you plan on paying a lot of money out of your pocket. Go to a regular gym or a place that will let you do an actual month to month - If I could I would give zero stars. As the other reviewer states this gym is way below par..
4	I tried a kickboxing class- they offer your first one free, they then gave me a free 2 week pass.  The staff was very friendly and the people attending were a good diverse group people of varied fitness levels w/ the majority being women.  The class I attended was kickboxing on a Monday at noon.  It was a great workout & music that fit in really well.  Another reviewer commented on all the empty space and that they should fill it w/ more equipment.  However, this space is used during different phases of the classes taking place so that actually makes sense.  But when you first walk in you do feel like it is kind if empty so I can see why that was mentioned - but it is actually a good thing & all of the things one actually NEEDS to get in / stay in shape are there.  The only thing that I could suggest is the option of mats for the floor work portion of class.  Also, the gloves they gave me were kinda stinky... I would suggest buying/ bringing your own . Overall, I plan to go back- it has what you need & seems more friendly & less boring than the usual /typical gym.
5	I had come in to town from Chicago for a family emergency. I needed to get "diplomatic" and work out some stress. James, the manager, set me up with a chance to train 1:1 with Shane the very next day. THANK YOU!!!! I can't wait to go back over the holidays and bug Shane again. I learned so much and had a great release! I absolutely recommend this place! Great facility, great energy and amazing staff. See you at Xmas!
1	I went to a 12:00 p.m. 1-hour boxing class on 11/29/14. Shane Reed was the coach for the session: https://www.facebook.com/shane.reed.376Overall, I was not impressed. While I did burn 918 total calories I think it was mostly because the gym was really hot (took a look at the thermostat and it was 80 degrees before they turned the air on)Positives: 1). The coach was great at explaining technique which was good, but too much "down time" explaining meant that it was really hard for me to keep my heart rate up. 2). Also, there was partner mitt work, which is good but if you're stuck with an inexperienced partner you're not going to get a good workout.Negatives: 1). The gym was too hot. Like a boxing sweat lodge. 80 degrees is not okay.2). The whole gym was carpeted which was disgusting. I was sweating (those that know me know what I mean) and people were barefoot. Carpet doesn't clean like the matts and when we were down for planks I was kinda grossed out thinking about all of the fungus and microbes that were one inch from my face. 3). My heart rate was only in the red zone for 7:35 minutes. I expect more intensity from a gym with the UFC brand. 4). The sound system really sucked.After my session I got a call back from Britney who was EXTREMELY rude. When I mentioned that the gym was 80 degrees and the coach even said a number of times that it was too hot Britney replied, "Well, this is Arizona you should be used to that." Like it's my fault the gym was too hot. Also, she claimed that the trained in kickboxing in Thailand and was in Chang Mai but didn't know anything about the city, which seemed really shady. When I asked her about the rates she said that I would have to come back in (Very very poor customer service).I don't recommend this gym to anyone.
