5	Love this place. I mean it is Buffett but you get exactly what you pay for. There is a ton of old peeps that eat there too. It really is one of the best buffett I have ever had (this style). Kids love it and there is a selection for even the pickiest of kids.
4	well my stomach still hurts from eating to much. The food was very good as usual for an old country buffet .Sometimes it is good to get the good old American food for a change over all the Chinese and Indian buffets.Mind you I like them  to Everything I ate was very taste,even the mac and cheese was very good. I dont know if it was because I was so hungry or because of the great selections they offered. But man am i full.Matt s. said I love this place and gave it 5 stars well I came close to 5 but fell a little short because the dessert selection was not quite there.The rest of the food was great though so if you are good and hungry you cant go wrong here lots of good eats.
4	Gadz, I thought I was old 'til I went to this place!  Mike C & I  came at 11 AM on this Monday to give it a try, & as big as it is, this restaurant went from empty to mostly full during the time I was there, with many of the customers being crotchety old-timers.Old Country features a wide selection of mostly American food, & this location was no exception.  While some of the flavors were a bit on the bland side for my taste, the Polska Kielbasa for instance, you certainly don't leave hungry!  Table service from "Adan" was good, too.Lunch Buffet $6.99, Sr. $6.29
3	On April 18, 2011 my girlfriend Kiley and I went to Old Country Buffet.  As we walked in through the tightly enclosed doors there was a line of old people waiting on the side and the front line girl called us to the front of the line.  Kiley got water and I got a soda.  The price came out to about $17.00 for the two of us.  We walked through the totally what seemed to be unorganized restaurant where the only thing that seemed right was there was food on the left and tables, mostly dirty tables, on the right.  We found a table in a quieter section as we passed through a storm of kids that I wondered why they weren't in school as it was a Monday at noon.  We sat down and kinda soaked in the atmosphere for about five minutes thinking the server would come up but after about seven minutes I told Kiley to go ahead and get some food first.  She got mashed potatoes, part of a baked potato, carrots, a corn dog, and some chili.  She said the chili was good and the mashed potatoes were real mashed potatoes, but the carrots were plain and she did not finish the corn dog.  I got a salad, which had been sitting for a while,  BBQ chicken which was pretty good, carrots which I to thought were plain, pasta which I really enjoyed, rice and eggs which I didn't care for, and a chicken noodle soup which could've used some seasoning.  The server finally approached not even asking if we've been here or telling us his name and walked away before I could ask him a question.  There were no napkins on the table so I had to get up and find them.  Overall I guess I would say it was pretty good for a buffet but there was a very small selection and the salad bar had a ceaser salad and that's about it.  A lady approached our table and asked if we wanted to try some crab jalapeno peppers and I took one.  I wish they would've had them on the food bar because I could've had like ten of them.  None of the food on the bar went empty so I would say the cooks did a great job.  Most the hot food was hot except the fish.  Overall I was a little disappointed.  Would I go again? Yea but probably for dinner I hear they have steak and I'd like to give it a try.
4	It's been almost a year & a half since I was here, so here's an update:Today, Lynn W., Robyn N., Mike C. & I dropped in for the lunch buffet.  Today was Cajun day, they had Jambalaya, Dirty Brown Rice, & other appropriate dishes out, as well as they're mostly standard fare.  Everything seemed right about the place, except that the lava cake needed to have been erupting more... it  was kind of dry.  All in all, everything was very good!Lunch Buffet:  $6.99/6.49 Sr.
3	I had lunch here with Rand H., Robyn N. and Mike C.  It had been months since I'd seen them so it was nice to chat over lunch.  This is an old fashioned american buffett.  The fried chicken was good, the buffet area was clean and the service was good.  This one is A-OK for the price and the variety.
4	For a buffet restaurant this is one of the better ones!Almost all the food on the buffet is hot. I have a hard time with the taco area, it never seems as fresh as the major food lines. I love the crab salad and hope they never get rid of it! It's always cold and tasty.I did not like the Pasta bar and I am really glad they got rid of it.Now they have the Mongolian grill which is very good. You choose your meat, veggies, and sauce and it's cooked for you. I really love that part!Only thing that bothers me is I see the manager spend a lot of time sitting with some of the customers, chatting, rather then working. Maybe she should manage a little more rather just talk to her regular customers.We continue to come back time and time again because the quality of food really is good compared.
4	Came here for Breakfast this morning, not so bad!First I would like to say that I think they need to add Apple Juice and Grape Juice to the Breakfast bar. They offered a good selection, scrambled eggs, toast, pancakes, waffles, GRITS, bacon, sausage, and a lot more. I really enjoyed the grill area where you can get an egg up or an omelet, fresh off the grill :)We will come back another weekend to see if they make any updates :)
2	Institutional food at best. Sevice was great, but not enough to overcome the food quality. This is mac n cheese with powdered cheese, pudding from a can, cheesecake with a slight chemical taste?, etc. Sorry guys, your great but your food is not unfortunately.
3	Went for the first time today. Normally when I'm in the mood for an extended salad bar along with a couple other options I hit Golden Corral. This place just happened to be closer. Some items were good, some not so much. Some items were fresh while others weren't. My advice would depend on how much time you have to eat and your budget. If you want a quick meal at an affordable price it's ok.
1	DON'T EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT CLEANING FLUIDS AND OTHER DEBRIS IN YOUR FOOD!!! We were eating at this location about 1-2 times a month but no more, not after what we saw today. We were seated near the food area and looked up to see staff cleaning the food stands and vents above the food and prep areas. Debris was falling in the food, and the cleaning fluids were being sprayed over the food. DISGUSTING!!! I spoke to the supervisor and she could not care less. Don't eat here unless you want to get sick.
4	When you come to the OCB you should know what you're in for. This is a buffet where the shared ingredient in all the dishes is excessive salt and MSG, but who cares? It's what you came here for isn't it? To stuff your body with food that has a marginal nutritional value? I know it's why I showed up. I for one like to see just how many plates of good I can put down before I'm forced to quit. Dessert time? Skip the tiny plates they provide and grab a dinner saucer. I did the was complimented as a "guy that knows what he's doing"  by the dessert attendant. Plus who doesn't like a place with "all you can drink" milk??  By the way, If you're coming here more than once a month, you're in for trouble.
4	Food is ok need more meat then 3 different Kinds of chicken. The salad bar is ok tomatoes are green.  Been sitting here for 10 minutes and not one server has came over.  The Mac cheese is not blue ribbon.
4	Went here today for Christmas dinner and I am glad I did.  I didn't have high expectations, however the food exceeded them and was very fresh and tasted quite well.  The friendly environment made it all the better.
4	First off its a buffet , not a gourmet one you see at a high class vegas hotel or anything.. We moved here 8 mos ago from out of state and have been to another location but this particular location has been a great one! We usually go on Thurs nights because kids are only $1 to eat. Cant beat that! The food has been delicious both visits. The steak is Ranchers Reserve Sirloin and is always tasty and tender. The  hand carved roast beef is a perfect Med rare and is tasty and super tender as well. The servers stay busy so may not get plates off table super fast but its not that big of a deal.. We overall really are impressed with this location! They even have unlimited milk refills and and icee machine too with unlimited refills!!!!
5	Love coming to this place great service great food Great drink  great everything.  Highly recommend
4	Finally made it back over here to the "Far East"     :-)     to this Old Country, & I'm happy to report that it's still doing well, as it was the last time I was here two years ago.  I was joined today by Robyn N. and we found 125 food items to choose from, plus sauces and dressings.  A noteworthy taste today was the Vegetable Beef Soup with lots of big chunks of roast beef.  Most of the rest of the fare was what we expect to see at Old Country, such as Pot Roast, Fried Chicken, Macaroni and Cheese...  just good everyday American food, ending up with plenty more tasty desserts to choose from than one has room to try.Our Host/Cashier Barbara was friendly, everything seemed nice and clean about the place, room temperature and acoustics were right, and the serving trays were kept stocked.Plenty to like here, for just $8.49/$7.99 Sr.     :-))
3	We have been here several times and to be honest it just lacks a lot. The food is okay, nothing fancy. Concerned that food is not very fresh some times. Lacks service a lot, especially if you come in when the northerner's are here.
