5	Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... sure, whatever. It's in the Tempe Marketplace, for cyin' out loud. Ok, so here comes my disclaimer: I wouldn't seek this place out. If I got a hankering for gelato, I wouldn't immediately tell myself to lace up my chucks and head to Mercato del Gelato, shopzillas be damned. Fair? Fair. However, since I happened to be in the area and it happened to be suggested we grab a sugary bite to eat, I can honestly say (given the aforementioned disclaimer) this place is oh so good. From what I can tell, there's nothing that sets this little shop apart from the hoards of other gelato shops in the Valley. I figure the same creamy principles apply. Small spoons. Small cups. Gobs of samples. Pretty decent selection. People behind the counter ready to hand you tiny spoons full of samples, not to mention scoop your selections into tiny cups for savoring. So there. It's probably Generic Gelato, but I loved it nonetheless.So, I'm not sure why I'm so defensive after giving this place 5 stars. They're probably smart cookies for setting up shop here, inside The District of Tempe Marketplace, where all that shopping sure makes you want a sugary pick-me-up. It certainly perked me up, especially after I discovered my new favorite flavor: hazelnut. I also discovered that you can split the cup and have two flavors in one. Brillant! So, I ordered my standard fave, pistachio, with my new fave, hazelnut, and I slurped up the gelato with my little orange spoon.
5	Ok so Im new to Gelato and really want to get to love it more and more especially since I found out that its lower in fat than Ice Cream!   Happen to see this place while checking out Tempe Marketplace and so in the mood for sweetness. They have many of your typical flavors, pistachio,banana, but what caught my eye was a Mexican chocolate one, it was quite diffrent, but very very good, it had a hint of cinnamon and some chipotle chile to it, Highly recommend you try it some time in your life.
5	I've gone here a couple of times now, and I love it! Gelato is always good, but its exceptional here. I've tried about ten of their flavors and my favorites are pistachio and raspberry. The people working are always super friendly and don't get upset when you ask to try five different flavors before ordering. If you've never tried gelato this is a great place to start, especially if you're an asu student since you get a large for only $2 on Tuesdays, that's when you can find me there!
3	Decent gelato.  Some real, some artificial flavors.Comparable to Gelato Spot, I guess.Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though. However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino.If you're already at Tempe Marketplace, MDG serves the purpose.
