5	Super friendly, brightly lit, great atmosphere.  These people have EVERYTHING.This store is loaded with sheet music and song books, and you can get your guitar strings/picks/instrument cables here, as well as a selection of neat straps, metronomes, capos, etc.  They also have a lot of unusual percussion items and other instruments here.  And if they don't have it, they will order it for you.  Just ask.  They can find it.If it's musical, and I can buy it here, I would rather come here than anyplace else because just walking in is a pleasant experience.
5	The best little music store in Phoenix.  Central Music has been a fixture on Central Avenue (just north of Camelback) for years.  The staff here is seasoned and will help you find whatever you need.  If they don't have it, they will order it.  You can pretty much find any sheet music you need in this store.  They also rent instruments, and sell some accessories.  They are "sheet music central" though so if you are looking to shop for instruments, you need to go some where else.  This is a tiny little store, and the best parking can be had around the back and next to Dairy Queen.
5	Like Carol H. and Lola M. have already said, this music store has a little of everything! I was greeted right away upon entering the store, and wanted to do a little browsing around first before I asked for any help. This music store was like a mecca for sheet music! But I did a little perusing myself before asking for the piano Christmas music. The friendly staff member brought me to where all the various Christmas music was. There was seriously anything and everything.... from beginning, intermediate, and advance... to Lorie Line holidays... to even John Denver Christmas! I found a wonderful book that had like 100 holiday songs -- perfect!Again, as others have mentioned -- if they don't have what you're looking for they can order it. And the music books/sheet music is not just for piano -- for so many other instruments as well. And every genre you could think of. So I went to pay and when the clerk rang me up, he automatically started a "punch card" for me. Apparently... you get little punches for each $1, or so that you spend. And when your card is filled up, I think you get a $4 in-store credit. Cool! (I wasn't even expecting or thinking of that...)And if you're a light rail rider... you can walk up from the stop at Camelback/Central! :)
5	There's not a better selection of books anywhere in town that I know of.  We send our students there all the time to purchase common books as well as the hard to find ones. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
4	I needed a metronome and didn't know where to begin... Amazon showed them over $100...really?  Yelp to the rescue again... The store is charming, bright and organized...love the ceiling papered in sheet music.  Wasn't greeted upon entering and had to wait a few minutes for service which is why four stars.  But the guy who helped me was friendly and helpful.  They had several metronomes to choose from but the acrylic one which makes watching the mechanism half the fun caught my attention... perfect to keep my 13-yr. old on task for trumpet practice!  Great local shop!
5	Of the three different music supply stores I stopped in, Central Music is the only one I would go back to. Their selection of music is extensive and their staff are friendly. If they don't have what you're looking for in stock, they will either download it for you on the spot or have it delivered in a few days. I like that the staff left me alone to search through the racks. I never felt like someone was hovering over me but I always felt like there was someone available to help. The racks are extremely easy to understand and locate what you're looking for. And of course they have step ladders every to aid the vertically challenged. Happy music making!
5	Very nice selection of sheet music and instructional books. Not too many instruments, and they seem to cater to piano. The people working there were friendly and helpful.
5	This is the best music store in Phoenix. They have a great selection of sheet music and the staff is super friendly and helpful. If they don't have a piece you need, they will find it online and print it for you. They go the extra mile and do things like make sure it's in the key you need. They are super knowledgeable and make sure you have all the information you need related to your purchase. I was in there yesterday to get a choir performance binder and a piece of sheet music. While one clerk (who I think is the owner) was finding my music online, the other clerk was taking the time to talk with a father and son (probably 8-10 years old) about the son's first violin and the proper way to care for the bow. He was patient and thorough with them - excellent customer service.
1	RUDE AND UNHELPFUL... where do all these great reviews come from... the staff? owner's friends??? I have tried to support this local business 3 times... and each time they have had no interest in making me feel welcome in the shop or answering my questions. I have come in to buy violin parts/accessories for my 8 year old, I don't have any music background or knowledge... could they act slightly helpful? Each time it seemed I was tearing them away from some very important thing they were doing behind the counter. Also, they wanted to sell me a set of violin strings for $87 that I later found out are $60-65 everywhere else in the Valley and on the internet. I will not try a fourth time, believe me, I am sure there are other Valley music stores that will be happy to have my business.
3	The people who run this local store are rude.  They do not accept exchanges, even for defective products.  I purchased a guitar tuner to be used in my class, and specifically asked for one with no moving parts to be broken.  Within 2 weeks the tuner was not functioning.  I was told to bring the item back to "See what we can do", only to find out that they did not take back anything, regardless.  This could have been told to me on the phone, rather than wasting an hour of my time, and gas.  As a music educator, I am very distraught over the lack of professionalism, and cannot understand how a business like this would rather lose a customer who spends hundreds of dollars a year on music supplies for his class, over refusal to remedy a simple situation like this.EDIT:The people at Central Music have sent me a replacement tuner free of charge.  This replacement is very gracious, and shows that despite the initial resistance to accommodate a customer, they have followed through and made it right.  My students thank you, and I thank you.
5	Central Music is the best music store in Phoenix. Though not located in my neighborhood, I always drive the extra 15-20 minutes to come here because they have the best selection of sheet music (by far!).  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful, but never rush or hover over you as you browse.   They can even transpose single songs out of their books for you.  Don't waste your time anywhere else- come straight here if you need a wide selection of sheet music, music books, instruments, and more.
