5	I know how to sew...rarely do I require the service of a tailor, except when it comes to hemming jeans.  When you have spent $$$ on a great pair of jeans, the last thing you want to do is walk around on your cuffs or lose the great stitching on your hems.  Mr. Wong removes the original jean hem, shortens your pants, and then reattaches the original hem so as not to loose the cool stitching.   The beauty of his technique is that the new hem does not flip up.  It lies flat and is almost impossible to tell that your designer jeans have been shortened.  And he is very affordable!   So, when I don't feel like pulling out my old trusty Singer, I run over to Mr. Wong.
4	You would have a hard time finding this place and probably would not be impressed with the decor, Mr. Wong has been hemming my pants and jeans for years! He promises me that one day, years from now, his shop won't be there anymore. On that day, I suppose I will have to go somewhere else. Until then, I bring him my Juicy, my Lucky, my lined work pants, etc. and he gets them done quickly and precisely. If it's not broke, don't fix it and Wong's works! Prices are very reasonable, work is excellent.
3	Great little tailor wedged between all the bars in Old Town.  The couple that owns the place was super nice and they were willing to do a rush job for me when I needed some pants altered before Memorial Day weekend.
4	Fast, inexpensive quality work. I'll go back
5	I found a beautiful BCBG dress on sale, but it was a bit too short for work. Mr. Wong was able to undo the large hem at the base of the dress, and duplicate the style of the raw-cut backwards hem by releasing the existing hem and re-sewing it two inches longer.  The style matches the high-end style of the dress and looks absolutely perfect.  He was exact on his estimation of time and charged an extremely reasonable fee, making this sales find an even better value, as I can wear it ANYWHERE, as its the perfect length.  He did this hem three years ago and its still perfect, through several washes, ironing and wear.  I highly recommend Mr. Wong.
5	I have worked with Mr. Wong professionally and personally for almost 20 years and he is the absolute best value in alterations. He did work for many years for my clients at several Scottsdale designer fashion boutiques.He is too modest to tell you that he began as a custom dressmaker in Hong Kong,  specializing in traditional Chinese dresses using silks, and knows everything about clothing construction.He also specializes in leather and can do excellent repairs in all fabrics.Have patience as he's super busy but will always ensure your satisfaction to the end. Others may do faster work but they will also charge two to three times more.
5	Been going to Wong and his wife's shop since 1997.....he is the best!!  Going to him to day for a new zipper and a hole in my walking shorts that are my fav!!  LOL
