5	Good food good beer!!!  Great service!!'nn
5	Good food, if you like pizza you'll love "The Gilroy" oh, plus the beers are ice cold!
3	So I've been to a lot of PT's here in Las Vegas and this location is probably the oddest location.  Horizon and Horizon is great that it's right off the freeway, however, kinda dark and creepy in my opinion.  We came here one night to hang out during the Holiday season.Just like any PT's, the bar is and will always be the center focal point of this location.  This location didn't have as big of a bar as other location, but still big focal point. The lighting was not at elegant as I've seen and the smell of cigarettes was a little overpowering.  There's ample seating all around the bar and tables around the restaurant.  I always enjoy their tall Coors Light drafts of beer.  It's about 5 dollars and for me, lasts a long time.  In that visit, I got the Club Wrap for about $10.  This wrap was filled with ham, turkey, bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise, all wrapped in a tortilla.  Yeah, A LOT OF STUFF!  You can choose from a few sides, I chose the coo coo chips.  Homemade chips with a smokey seasoning.  Everything was super flavorful and good.  The wrap was stuffed with a little too much mayonnaise but still good.  If you're in the area, you should visit this PT's and see what you think.  If you're ever familiar with PT's, which if you're local, you probably are, then you definitely know that this is a usual PT's, but the location still creeps me out.  See for yourself though!
4	I guess this a chain...but...I've never heard of it before. Came here on a whim with friends when in town and had a great time. Our server was a lot of fun. Most importantly, they had Glenfiddich 12. Delicious Scotch is a must when road-tripping.
5	Fast, friendly, good
4	I'll open by saying that it delivers three things for me and friends that go in:  it's close, it serves great bar food and drinks, and it's cheap.  The entire bar is clean and presented well.  And the staff are always friendly, if ever changing.There are two pool tables, plenty of LCD tvs for watching sports, and a few games to play.  As a close neighborhood bar it delivers.Walk in and say hello to Steve at the bar.  He's a great bartender.As a chain, it's not creative.  It isn't unique.  But this location in particular does a great job at delivering on what PTs does best.
1	Very poor service and treatment of locals. Beware of this location
2	I really like the location of this PT's. It has a certain charm to it being tucked in under a hill of the Black Mountain. The building looks very new and the interior is smaller, but modern and clean. When I arrived late afternoon on a Thursday there were only couple of other patrons there. The female bartender was very friendly and accommodating. She told me about their $2 Dos Equis special. I usually do a shot of whiskey and a beer if I am not in the mood for a cocktail. They didn't have Jim Beam's Devil's Cut so I settled on Jack Daniel's Honey. I also told her about the Yelp check in special that is good for one free domestic pint or a well drink. She was very excited that someone has finally claimed it. I opted for a whiskey sour and another beer. I asked her if she could change one of the TV channels to a news channel and she happily obliged. If she stayed, this review would have easily been four stars, but it was the end of her shift. A male and female bartender took over. Their focus became on the silver hairs that kept on trickling in -- the regulars I guess. I asked to look at the food menu, and everything was pretty pricey for bar food. The cheapest burger was ~$10... no thanks. I finished my drink and called it a day. The total was only $10.50 because they had good specials and my free check in drink. One star for the location since it is walking distance to the house and one star for the initial bartender. If you're not a regular expect to be ignored.
1	Probably the worst service my husband and I have had in a while. First, it took 25 minutes to get the attention of the waitress to order our drinks and another additional 20 minutes for them to put the game on we ask for when we first walked in. This made my husband very discouraged because he missed the first quarter of the game he was looking forward to. It took the waitress another 45 minutes before our order for food was taken. Another half an hr later when we finally got our food, it came out way overdone. I would have understood this type of service if the place was packed. However, when there is only 5 maybe 6 tables occupied, this type of service is ridiculous especially for a sports bar on football sunday. We felt extremely neglected seeing we barely ever saw any wait staff on the floor.
4	Great place to hang out and watch a gameNothing to complain about from me... White pizza is one of the best out here and the service commendable ... Don't mind the prices , but hit up the happy hour and you won't be disappointed
5	Jed and Robin are the best bartenders in town, the beer is ice cold, and you never have to wait for a drink. Great bar!
1	$8.25 for a little Bloody Mary, well Vodka. You make the call
4	I love this PTs. the bartenders (Geb I think?) are awesome. The atmosphere is perfect. The happy hour is unbeatable with many beers on tap. Big fan of this PTs.
5	Today I was in the Henderson area & decided to stop in to the PT's on Horizon & Horizon. The bartenders name was Michelle & the service was AMAZING! They have a waitress too, Becky, and she was ALSO AMAZING! Very friendly staff & a very inviting atmosphere. Being a single female i felt really comfortable in the environment. I will most definitely be returning to see these girls! Great food, great drinks & outstanding personalities from these two ladies! Thanks Michelle & Becky, I'll see you soon!
1	My husband and I used to go here often about a year ago and it was awesome. We had a variety of food from the menu and it was always very good. I'm not sure what happened but we came here tonight and it was awful!! We ordered pizzas to go and they were horrible. They had very very little sauce, the cheese on the cheese pizza didn't even cover the pizza except in spots. The crust was burnt and chewy (go figure that combination) and the crust was about an inch and a half to two inches of the pizza. (In other words their 16" pizza was like a 12 inch pizza stretched to meet the measurements). It was just horrible. For 50 bucks in pizza we could've and should've gone across the street to Sushi!
2	Some bartenders are charismatic attentive, and make you feel welcone.  Others; like Wednesday's; at least tonite; are not. Horrible service and no attention, even when gaming at "PT standards" (i.e full hands continuous play). Last time.
3	Running errands late yesterday, and my guy and I were deciding on dinner. We had heard from friends of ours that PT's had happy hour from 5-7.We walk in to a very busy, smokey bar. The dining room was "seat yourself".Being the only ones in the dining area, we were acknowledged in a decent amount of time...Before even ordering, our waitress immediately asked for both of our ID's. We asked if happy hour was only in the bar, and our waitress told us that the HH (happy hour) applies to the entire restaurant.  I ordered a water, and my guy ordered a Stella beer, and a shot of Jack Daniels.We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza, and a bucket of chicken tenders with sweet potato fries. We originally couldn't agree on a fry selection, but when I asked if I could just get a side of fries, the waitress told me that they only do fries for the buckets.....so, sweet potato fries it is (for about $2 more).I'm a little confused on their HH pricing though.Our waitress told us that it was "all half priced", the sign on the outside of the building says half off on pizza and all drinks.Our pizza arrives first, and it was very good. I was pretty surprised. The big hunks of cilantro really added a burst of freshness, that the pizza needed. The BBQ sauce was a little sweet for me. A few drops of hot sauce would have really added an extra POW.The bucket of chicken tenders arrives next. The fries were delicious, almost melt in your mouth fantastic. They were so airy. The chicken tenders were a tad lack luster. The breading was tough, even after being coated in sauce. When I order tenders/wings, I'm expecting a hot sauce with some flavor... I want to taste some vinegar, some spices....not just heat. So, would I order these again..? Not really.My guy asked for some extra celery, and our gal comes back with an entire plateful. While this was very thoughtful, I would have appreciated a hint drop of a charge of $3 for celery. So, our bill comes.Shot of Jack $6.Stella beer $7.50BBQ pizza $9Tender Bucket $$11.99Side of celery $2.50Carrots $.75So, where's the HH pricing on our drinks...? Is it just me?Because a $6 shot doesn't sound half off...unless they have "strip" pricing, and their shots are normally $12.... Same goes for the beer. Unless their normal pricing is $15 for a beer..... I don't see this being a decent HH.Also, charging me for carrots....really? You're talking about the 2 or 3 carrots that were at the bottom of our chicken tender bucket..?$40 before tip, not bad for a night out, but when we came for HH pricing, that's kind of high.
1	Prime Rib sandwich was tasteless, au jus was tasteless and the beer was crap.  Looks like they aerate it or something it has a head that quickly goes flat.Service was slow and portion size has been dramatically reduced.  You used to get a lot, quantity over quality, now you a tiny sandwich or nachos that isnt even a meal!  Why not break down and use garlic, onions and a decent sized bun and fill it with food?Don't come here unless you want to be disappointed.
5	Love this place to go with friends or the hubby on date night. Enjoy the reasonably priced cocktails as well as the pizza, nachos and many other yummy food choices they offer. Staff is friendly and efficient and it tends not to be overcrowded at this location. Highly recommend!
