4	My old crappy HTC Incredible took a dump while visiting family in Glendale and I need my phone.  I arrived at JW and, after waiting 15 minutes, Jason assisted me.  I told him my requirements and he brought out three phones.  I chose the Galaxy S4.  Jason was friendly and got me out of there fast.
1	Verizon at Northern could not activate my phone.. Go to the corporate Verizon at Metrocenter to get it done they said.I find this out after waiting 20 minutes for service. Only two other customers were being waited on by two sales associates. When more customers arrive this is when the manager, I think he was, comes out of the back of the store. He had disappeared out back when I arrived. Couldnt he have offered me some help earlier?I only showed up at this store thinking I could get some actual service. This after several long waits on the phone to Verizon to no avail.Nothing accomplished here. A big waste of my time.
1	I went in to use my upgrade for my iPhone4s to just get the same exact phone because I am perfectly content with this specific model, making the final purchase of my new phone $0.00. "Awesome!" I thought. When I looked at my bill for February (just to mentally prepare and affirm the quota like very other month), it said I owed $101.70, when I usually owe $46.03. Because I purchased  $10 insurance, I expected my bill to be approximately $56.03. My thoughts, "Holy crap! What?" I spent 40 minutes on the phone with Verizon asking why my bill was so high and they explained to me that when you upgrade a phone, you are charged a $30.00 service fee. I accepted this, but the fact that the sales associate, Levy, did not express this to me, it worried me and wasted time on the phone I honestly did not have. A representative of Verizon connected herself and I, and Levy from this location, on a 3-way call so that we can ask exactly why my bill is so high, and he was very rude to me. I do not recommend going to this location if you are a shopper looking for excellent customer service. Although I affirmed with Levy that there will not be any additional charges, it was clearly not true.Advice for future phone shoppers: Ask about service fees when upgrading phones! ...and of course, additional charges before spending any money.I hope this review helps!
5	Aime was a tremendous help! My old phone stopped working and she was able to confirm that it was time for a new phone. She made the process of picking out a new phone and changing up my plan fast and easy! I had a great experience!
1	Only one employee knows what he's doing. The other three stand there and have Ross answer all their customers questions. They need to hire helpful employees. Took three hours to just set up two new phone lines.
