5	Popular place with the locals.  My relatives and I go to Sam's town about once a month.  Mostly play keno.  Last time we were there, my sister in law won $60,000 at keno!
5	The bowling here is fun and not too expensive.  You can also catch a movie at one of the cinema's :-)
5	Yeah, that's right people, five stars for Sam's Town because Sam's Town rocks.  Sam's Town has rocked long before the Killers bastardized its precious name.  Sam's Town's a Vegas institution and you will respect the Town that Sam built.But seriously people, it's a good little joint, especially for the Eastsiders.  The movie theatres are wonderful.  The bowling is cheap and fun, and if you don't like cheap and fun bowling I don't think I want to know you.  The Western Emporium's new location is much smaller than its original one, but there's still a bevvy of Western clothing and boots and , oh, general crap to purchase if you're so inclined.  (I'm not so inclined but I WILL walk around and laugh at some of the horrible stuff, that's for sure.)  The entertainment in the lounge is pure Vegas, from the bands to their costumes to the lead singer gettin' down on the dance floor.  There's the water show with FREAKIN' LASERS and, I ain't gonna lie and act like I've never been, their buffet didn't make me sick.  For something on Boulder Highway, this is all amazing.But what really makes this place five star worthy is their Bingo hall.Yep.My friends and I decided one night that it was Bingo night.  None of us had ever Bingoed.  We were kinda poor and heard you got 2 complimentary drinks AND a chance to win money all with a $10 investment.  So we went and brought with us a wave of ignorance.  Let me tell you, the people who worked there and the patrons alike were so helpful in getting us set up, from explaining what package of cards we wanted to buy to helping us find the dauber dispenser.  We had a blast although there were laughs when I called bingo at the wrong time, and my friend Pouncy even won $76.  Score.
5	This place is the best. It's a $20 cab ride from the strip, but man, Sam's Town is so down to earth. My buddy and I shot craps here for four hours that seemed like minutes. Plus there's a 56 lane bowling alley beneath it. Well worth the ride out!!
4	Wow!  I was introduced to this place by my friend who is a local in Vegas.  She asked me to ride the free shuttle out here from the strip, mainly because driving on the strip is so nasty!  So I rode out and met her at Sam's Town.  I must say, I was quite impressed by the interior of this place.  Very western feel to it. The place itself is huge!  It has 2 floors of gambling, and a huge movie theatre!  I ate at the buffet here also.. the food was impressingly good for the price!  They have a different food theme every day of the week.  I was there on Saturday, which happens to be Prime Rib night.  I did not know there was a bowling alley there too, but I'm going to come here next time I am in town!  I definately liked gambling here much more than on the strip.  I never win anything on the strip.  I gambled at Sam's town for at least 2 or 3 hours, but I didn't lose a dime!  I came out positive!  I don't know if I was just lucky or what.. but the machines were really generous to me!  Also, the cocktail waitresses come around quite often!  It was really a great experience.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be taking the shuttle back to Sam's Town!  =)
4	I'm not ashamed to say I love this place too!  I have family that live right by here, so we frequent this "locals" place a lot.  I have to completely agree with Crystal and say that bingo is fun here- so what if I'm the youngest one in the whole joint?!  Free drinks AND an hour of "gambling" for a few  bucks?  I'm there!  I love the Rapid Roulette here too!  I've seen a movie here, tried their buffet, watched their lame free show, and even bowled here.  The late night bowling thing is pretty fun too if you're into that.  However, this is not the "Vegas" that most look for!
4	The Firelight buffet at Sam's Town is awesome!! I went twice...the first time to try it out and the second time to confirm how much I liked it! The dining room is clean and updated. The food is basic but fresh and tastes amazingly good (especially the mac and cheese!). And to add to all that, it's cheap!! We paid $10.99 per person which is practically half the price of the cheapest buffet on the strip. Score!
5	My family and I loved this place because the buffet was off the hook and we won like a mf there. It's far from the strip so you'll find geriatrics there.
4	The facility is off the beaten path, meaning the strip. But they provide great transportation. Great roomy sized rooms with average amenities included. However, they had a great pool we used- yup, it was clean there Miquel. The so-called amazing Firelight Buffet was average depending on what interests you. No fear, their are other resturants as well. Casinos in the center were above average if you like sharp seniors with money to burn. You can play penny slots, dollar poker , bingo and keno. If your not a big gambler- this is a great start.... Watch out single guys, a seventy year old gentleman tried to pick up my girlfriend at the slots while I was away. One word: Viagra.
4	I found Sam's Town to be quite pleasant considering I thought it would be a little dated and filled with old folks. It turned out to be filled with old folks but I ended up not minding being the youngest one around. However, I was told by the girl at the desk when I checked out that there was a "punk bowling league" coming in this weekend. So the hotel gets the younger people here and there. Apparently, the hotel opens the bars there earlier than usual to accommodate them all.If you don't want to be in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the Strip, stay here. It's about six miles east of the strip in a low key part of the city. You won't see groups of cute women in town for a bachelorette party in these parts of the city. It's pretty much middle aged and older people who just want to get away from their normal lives for a while and for families passing through town on a vacation. BUT, these items don't mean you won't have a good time. I did. I came in town for a couple of days to see a friend. I found the hotel clean, neat and fairly up to date. They upgraded my room for no reason and gave me room 808 which overlooks the center atrium of the entire hotel. Big king bed, plasma TV on the wall, big bathroom, small refrigerator and a couch. Cozy. The gambling halls were on floors 1 and 2 so it was very easy getting down there from my room. The only downside is that self parking is kind of a far walk. Garage 2 is next to the hotel and connected to the casino but they don't make it easy for you to get in. the two sets of doors aren't automatic. So you have to push yourself and your luggage through two sets of glass doors and then walk all the way down a long hallway to the elevators or escalators. The center atrium is nice. It's like a park where you can sit on benches by the stream and read the newspaper. They have a big rock formation with some animatronic animals and real waterfalls that become a show five times a day with music, lights and lasers. I ate breakfast here one morning at their buffet. Nothing special. It cost about $6.50 ($5.50 with their player's card). The scrambled eggs and potato/vegetable mixture were bland and the grits (yes, grits) were luke warm. It's affordable though if you're on a budget like me. Tip: instead of getting a drink by way of your server, grab a carton of milk from the cereal area. This way, you don't have to leave a tip since you picked up all the food and drink you want.The table games have pretty low minimum bets if you're a conservative gambler like me. And they have a lot of 5-cent machines if you're interested.$97 total for two nights. Pretty good deal.
2	Nice hotel, but beware if you suffer from hot flashes or you prefer a cold room!  The thermostats in their rooms are locked so they will not go below 68 degrees.  I have never come across this situation in all my years of traveling. Seriously, the hallway was cooler than my room! Don't get me wrong ... 68 is a fine and dandy temperature, but I happen to be dealing with pre-menopausal symptoms, including those delightful hot flashes. 68 was not going to cut it. I called the front desk and the phone rang about 37 times before I gave up and tried the operator.  I asked the operator for the "secret phone line at the front desk that they actually pick up," which she gave me and the indifferent clerk finally answered.  I asked for a fan in my room, but they do not provide those for guests.  What a big fat jip!  We had to change our plans for the evening since we had to check out and scurry around Boulder Hwy looking for another room for the night, which ate up an hour of our party time.  GRRRRR!  Ended up at the Super 8 motel on Boulder Hwy, which is a bit of a dive, but at least their a/c puts out!
3	Don't know why all the good reviews for San's Town.  It is a dingy confined casino with very poor air circulation so every corner of the casino smells smokie.  The Buffet there I would rank poor.  It looks good at first glance with the carving station and assortment of meats... but they taste stale.  The deserts don't measure up either.  Now the sister property (Orleans) is far superior with fresher food in buffet and far better desserts.  Also the rooms are much larger there.The good part of Sam's Town is their slots!  That is where I go to win money.  I play video poker and found that the upstairs casino offers the best pay outs.  Often won $100 to $200 with 4 of a kind on progessive machines.  (But it looks like you have to be 70 plus to play there based on all the gamblers I always see upstairs.)Coffee shop at Sam's Town is good.  I have had prime rib there for dinner at $13 and it was good.  I have also had their monster hamburgers and beer battered onion rings that was also good and reasonable.Hope that helps you all a little.
2	Depending on where you live, getting to Sam's Town can be a hike.  If it's not, I guess you got better things to worry about than the quality of this place.  Located on the so-called Boulder Strip of locals hotel-casinos and extended stay drifter motels is Sam's Town.  The old people love these kind of places.  I'm sure part of it has to do with the extensive bingo hall up on the second level.  One of these days I need to get good and liquored up and make a night of it.  There is a live arena area where my station once filmed a weekly Arena Football League coaches show for the local team that has since skipped off to Grand Rapids or some other sports mecca.  In the backstage area there's lots of photos of ZZTop, The Rhinestone Cowboy and other luminaries who have graced Sam's Town with their presence.  The buffet is ok.  About what you'll find at any other locals casino in town.
3	We didn't stay at Sam's Town, but decided that we'd take a shuttle there to see what it's like.  Though it's not near the strip, or downtown, there are a few places you can catch one of these free buses.  We chose the Tropicana.  The only unfortunate side to this is that you have to sit out on the bad side of the Tropicana, near the dumpster.  This is where the buses come in.  Once on the bus, it was smooth sailing (and free, to boot).  You can even use Sam's as an intermittent stop, and go back to downtown (we didn't, but you could).Once there, you have all sorts of entertainment - the usual casino, as well as food, and they have an animatronic (sp) mountain inside where they have wildlife installed.  It's like a perverted Disneyland.  Unfortunately, since we didn't stay there, I can't speak to the rooms, but the place itself seems nice enough, and the employees were very nice.
5	Love this place been going to this spot for years started going with my old bowling league i like it because it is off the strip and it is not to crowded they have great places to eat there also. i like it cause they also have single deck blackjack which places on the strip have multi deck blackjack they have a nice poker room and a great bingo hall . The rooms are nice and clean and a good size also. Don't forget to get the players club card. They also have a water and light show in the middle of the casino.
4	This review is specifically for the free Mystic Falls Park show.The Mystic Falls Park show is daily at 2:00 p.m., 6:00 p.m., 8:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m.  I called to ask them if it was a typo and they actually have a 4:00 show but they don't.  They also didn't know why there wasn't one.Anyways, I really liked the show.  It has the water shooting up like the Bellagio but on a much, much smaller scale.  So much smaller that you can stand on a bridge literally right in front of the water show.  There are colored laser lights and music.If you are staying on the Strip and you'd like to catch another free show, I highly recommend checking out Sam's Town.  Just keep in mind it's a really, really long bus ride out there.And if you do make the trek, make sure you check out Shelpers, the "World's Largest Western Store."  I had no idea there were so many cowboy-styled things in the world.  Like they had clothing for girls that was like Roxy but cowboy.  I swear!  Oh, and little cowboy boots for babies and little kids!
4	Good ole' Sam's Town! My family and I love this place!! This is more of a locals spot vs tourist spot. The crowd here is more of the older folks. We don't go there for the crowd, we go there to play craps and we almost always have a grand old time! The distance between here and the strip is about four miles. We found out they had shuttles from the strip to Sam's Town. Had we known, we wouldn't have rented a car just to go out there. When we go out there we usually stay hours on end. We always have a lot of fun here and we love the firelight buffet that is located inside the casino. The buffet is very cheap and yummy! Sam's town is always on our to-do list while in Vegas!
3	Let me describe this place in one word: Cheap.  And I am not talking inexpensive, I am talking just downright spendthrift.  First let me be clear I stayed here for 5 nights, 2 of them free via a promotion.  FIrst thing I noticed in the room was that the temperature could not be set below 68 degrees.  Usually the thermostat sat at 72, which is not much of an issue, but it if you like coming to a cool room after a hot night out do not expect it here.Beyond the cheapness in not allowing you to change your thermostat, the room was full of signs reminding you to reuse sheets, towels and putting a sign out if you want maid service at all.  I am all for conserving resouces, but this did not come off as a green movement to me, especially when you consider this is a country western themed hotel.  It just came off as Sams Town trying to guilt you into not taking advantage of services every hotel in the city offers.  Also the room had no coffee maker either.  What quality hotel in Vegas does not have a coffee maker in room?!If you look past the cheapness of the management, the hotel was fine otherwise.  The room had an LCD TV, with a SD signal which seemed to defeat the purpose of having an LCD.  Also there were no premium channels offered at all.  The bed was comfy, but the room lacked a couch or any other nice features you would see at the other Coast properties.The casino was ok, there was double deck BJ with standard rules and little penetration, and a single deck game that paid only 2:1 on BJ and shuffled after each hand.  Whats the point?  The floor bosses also were very cheap with giving out comps, so if you are looking for good action, with good rewards go elsewhere.There was a total of 6 full pay video poker machines in the whole casino too, and considering Sams Town has the 2nd largest casino floor in Vegas, that is not nearly enough.  Also there was no video blackjack anywhere, and the drink service was slow.Lastly, and best, the buffet here was excellent for the price.  I went once for lunch and once for dinner and was suprised each time by the quality.  For a very fair price, you get a quality buffet that had a good selection and nice seating.  So all in all, you can find excellent prices to stay here, but if pay the extra $5 a night stay at the Orleans or Sun Coast which are much closer to the strip and much nicer.  The rooms are ok, but everywhere you go it feels like Sams Town just wants to nickel and dime you, and heaven forbid you want to set the room to a different temperature.
2	Sam's Town:  Somewhere I would never have stayed had my hand not been forced, and somewhere I probably won't stay again.  You kind of get what you pay for.I stayed 1 night in Sam's Town, part of a fly in, watch family get married and see old friends, fly out deal.  A hotel and casino that is off the beaten path, not much shines at the place.For my cheap room, I got an uncomfortable bed and an air conditioning system that refused to be set lower than 68, making it very, very difficult to sleep.  On top of that, the shower head was very poor and I couldn't find a pen in the room when I needed one, something that doesn't appear noteworthy until you need a pen.The gambling grounds itself were also a bit lackluster.  Plenty of slots and table games, but many of the table games were very run down with lots of cigarette burns on them.  There were also no cup holders, which to me seems like a good investment.  The dealers and crew were very friendly, and I was entertained greatly by the tall, tattooed white dealer from "China".  Apparently you can put whatever you want on the name tags.The layout of the building was also a bit confusing at first.  The REALLY good steakhouse was hidden away in the middle of nowhere, and finding the exit was a bit of a chore.  Speaking of it, the food choices at Sam's are pretty good.  The steakhouse, while expensive, is great, although it closes at 10.  TGIFridays is also pretty good, with a surf and turf combo for 14 bucks at the right time.  The breakfast at TGIFridays was surprisingly decent.All in all, Sam's Town is just some place I'm not likely to return to if I can help it.  Too far from the Strip, too far from downtown, and just not enough luster.
5	This is my favorite place to stay while in Vegas.  It is great for families, with a multi-=ples movie theater a Professional Bowling Alley and a food court including Mc DOnalds and Panda Express.  The Bingo Hall runs games every couple of hours and the slots are always loose.They have promotions all the time so it is also affordable.
5	Nice hotel.  Reasonably priced and away from the chaos of the strip and downtown.  I really liked it.
4	2nd time we've stayed here and enjoyed our stay.  Clean rooms, great front desk and housekeeping service, safe and secure environment, great parking, and fun for kids.  We drove every night to The Strip and enjoyed returning to our quiet hotel room.  Love the light/water show!
5	Came to Sam's Town twice this December for the arcade. A friend works there and maintains one of the best In The Groove machines anyone's ever played on. For a 23 year-old to spend most of her Vegas trips at an arcade means a lot (mostly that I'm a nerd). The casino also conveniently has a Subway and a Friday's, which make for great pre and post ITG dining. Didn't drink or gamble here, but definitely plan on coming again for the arcade. Kudos for the excellent maintenance. Saw several tournaments take place here and my friend would routinely fix the pads as people played. Only wish our arcade had similar treatment. We also took a stroll through the winter wonderland room, which was pretty sweet. The water and lights holiday show was awesome!
4	I went to Vegas on a last minute basis .. needed to find a room to stay in that was cheap, clean, and not TOO far from the strip. My boyfriend had actually stayed there a few years back and said it was a real nice place, a bit far but not too far from the strip, and never too crowded. So ... I thought, why not .. the rate was a ridiculous $27 for the night and with tax it only came out to $30.23!!! For Vegas that is awesome, plus it isn't dirty like the Stratosphere or any hotel similar to that .. (Circus Circus) hahaha ...The hotel is set up very cute and has an interior water/laser show that can be entertaining if you are in fact bringing kids to Vegas on your way to the Grand Canyon or something .. there is a very large gambling area and an upstairs casino as well.The rooms themselves are cute, clean, and within the 3-4 star rating arena. The TV is small, compared to other newer hotels no days, but who really watches TV in Vegas anyhow right ..??It is really only about 15 min from the strip if that, and the HUGE SURPRISE that I got was that even after being to Vegas about 10 or more times in my life, I had never seen the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign .. and it is right across from Sam's Town .. I was so excited!!!!I will definitely consider staying here again
5	Animinatronics, laser light and water shows, bowling...what more could one ask for?  I like the grit of this place.  It's less glitzy than the casinos on the strip but it has more character.  Lighted glass elevators go up and down the fake brick facade of the hotel while you are inside the animinatronics jungle/bar area.  Animals include a bear, a beaver, an otter, a deer, a wolf, a bald eagle (integral to the schmaltzy patriotism of the show) and a very creepy cougar ready to spring from above you in a tree. The bowling is located on the lower level.  I went around Christmas time and they played a really good mix of Christmas music that got me in the holiday spirit.
2	I've stayed here before and liked its out-of-the-way location.My experience with the resort fee, though, will prevent my return.  I don't like paying for extras I'll not use.  In my mind, the fee is exorbitant.I will not return.
3	Sam's Town is a local's hotel that gets you away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip.  This place has a light show thing you can watch, a bowling alley, $3 black jack, and cowboy stuff.  I admit the first time I heard I was going to Vegas, I was sooo excited until we stopped at Sam's Town... imagine my disappointment lol.  It is for an older crowd but like I said if you wanna get away from the strip and just gamble or drink, it's not a bad place to be.  The rooms could be nicer, the decor is a bit old & worn but ehh I think it's a much better bargain than other crappy hotels on the strip.  Here's a tip, sign up for their player's card and you will get free rooms for doing nothing, just register online.  Oh and one of the dealers, FREDDY, he is super awesome!!
5	Very affordable, extra clean, pretty decor, new settings...really enjoyed my stay here! Would defn recommend to all my friends. The room was so cheap....40$ plus 4.50 daily service fee....sooo great! I like it better than a lot of the hotels on the strip. The only thing is is that it's a lil far from the strip, like 20 minutes by car. The breakfast buffet was good but if I had a chance to go back and eat there again, I would only get the sliced ham and omelette b/c they're fresh :) Oh, and the baked goods and fruit looked fresh as well.  Anyway, overall, I had a wonderful stay...Great job Sam's hotel!
5	We only stayed here for one night but we had a great experience at Sam's Town. Even Google maps told me it would take 25 minutes to get here from the strip, but even from the Orlean's 1.5 miles in the other direction from the strip, it only took 15 at most. Checkin was pretty easy- the places is huge! We couldn't believe it. I loved the main atrium- you can actually be exposed to sunlight. It was clean and didn't seem rundown. Also- we stayed on a Friday night and it was $45 dollars. Unbeatable really.We didn't eat at the buffet because it isn't very raved about, but we went to Willy y Jose's and it was wonderful! The room was clean, pretty comfortable beds and good pillows. It'd be nice to have a the sink separate from the toilet, but oh well. I have to say I cannot believe how many people talked about the room temperature not going any lower than 68. The definition of room temperature only goes as low as 68, people! Unless you set your home thermostat for 65 or something, it doesn't make sense to expect that of a casino in the desert trying to maintain that temperature for several hundred rooms. Another good thing was that the parking is right next to an entrance into the casino- it was less than a 2 minute walk. I would definitely stay here again. We did have, and use, a car, but they have shuttles to Harrah's, Riveria, and to the California and Fremont downtown.
2	2,5Cheap and edible aimed at the overfed and overaged.I have an aunt that swears by this place (she's 83) so you now get the demographic of this place.I take her here because she's got like lots of club points,and the buffet is basically free.The bold and beautiful do not frequent Sam's a lot..
4	A surprise off the strip.From the indoor park, to the food options, the things for those under 21 to do, to the clean rooms at great rates, all in all, an enjoyable time.Important: I locked in a rate from hotels.com, only to find the hotel had cheaper rates on site.  Call ahead, talk to them directly to make sure you are getting your rate.
5	I am reluctant to write a review because I don't want the secret to get out about how great this place is. We played blackjack our last night here from midnight to 5am and had the best time of our entire week in Vegas. It is nothing fancy, but the dealers and the waitresses really make this place special. It is a bit of a drive from the strip but that won't stop me from spending some more time here when I go back!
3	I have to admit - the first time we contemplated staying at Sam's Town, I was a little reluctant to say the least.  Maybe it's because it's away from the strip, or because it seems like it's been around FOREVER - just something made me very hesitant about staying there.  Luckily - Sam's Town was able to prove me wrong!!You pretty much know what you're getting into when you stay here.  Yes, it's off the strip.  And yes, the crowd is older.  BUT - really - it's  a neat little hotel with all the "necessities" you need to be comfortable.  For a very good price!My fiance and I have stayed here on two separate occasions while attending beer events at Aces and Ales (which is literally walking distance from Sam's Town).  Check in has always been a snap (no lines and a friendly front desk that accommodates).  One time we were upgraded to a deluxe room which included a fridge and coffee maker, but this last time we stuck with just the standard room.  No frills - but comfy beds, clean bathrooms, and most rooms with plasma TV's.  The hotel itself has a cute little lobby area with a garden theme.  There are a variety of restaurants, ranging from cheap to "more expensive," but really inexpensive in comparison to the strip.  The food court includes your standard fare, McDonald's, Panda Express, Sbarros...Subway, Dunkin Donuts, you get the picture.  Cheap eats - which come in handy for families with kids (which also happens to be a large part of their clientele).  There is a steakhouse which is supposed to be good (we didn't eat there), and they have a buffet and a TGI Friday's (we did dine at the TGI Fridays and it's basically the same as any other Friday's).  The place we really utilized was their 24 Hour Deli (located near the sports book) which was extremely cheap, good food (better than Denny's for sure!)  Two of us ate for $10 at 3AM - and were stuffed because of the portions!  Fantastic find!There is a bowling alley and a movie theater (another nice kid friendly bonus).  And a free shuttle for hotel guests that takes you to the strip (drops you off at either Harrah's OR Riviera).   They also offer another shuttle that can take you to Downtown Las Vegas and Fremont Street.  We have utilized the shuttle to the strip and must say it worked out quite well!  Especially on weekends when parking and traffic can be a nightmare!Although I have enjoyed our stays here, I can't give it higher than 3 stars because it's not perfect. But it's perfect for the price you pay!  I can't think of a better value hotel (this is definitely not in the same class as a motel, but more of a middle of the road hotel).  The only complaint we had was that the walls are very thin and we could hear our neighbors cellphone ringing, as well as our neighbor yelling at her husband ALL trip long.   Definitely not a romantic experience but again, for the price, we couldn't complain.If you're looking for a good value and you're not married to the idea of staying on the strip - Sam's Town can be a nice, inexpensive alternative!  Just keep in mind that you're not going to find any drunk frat guys or scantly clad club girls hanging here, if that's what you're into!
5	Sam's Town is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. It is a relaxing spot just outside of the bustling strip or Downtown but not too far away that you can't get there in a hurry. It's a bundle of fun, relaxation and convenience. The rooms are comfortable with a choice of views from the Mystic Falls indoor park or the surrounding mountains or city lights in the distance. Two floors of gaming give you a vast choice of machines to play. For a break from the casino, there's an 18-screen movie theater, an outdoor pool, bowling alley, live music at the small nightclub Roxy's, an 1100-seat event center that showcases a variety of concerts and shows, and a small salon with great services. I always get my hair and nails done and a massage at Jon Ric Salon (soon to be Gatsby's Salon) when I'm in town. As for food, the mexican restaurant Willy Jose's serves tasty dishes, TGI Friday's offer delicious american fare, Billy Bob's Steakhouse has the best steaks for a good price, and there's always the Firelight buffet for the very hungry or a quick sandwich at the Sports Deli. Other food options are also available. The staff are very friendly, the rates are great and if you want to get to Downtown or the Strip, they offer a FREE shuttle to get you there and back! What more could you ask for?! Go for a visit and you'll probably see me at the TGI Friday's bar having a drink! It's my happy place!
2	The buffet was ok for $11, but it was not worth the drive from the strip.  Definitely a spot for locals and not snobby tourists like me.
4	This is a surprising little spot off the las vegas strip. It's about 7-8 miles away from the strip but well worth the stay. The rooms are super clean, moderately sized with fantastic desert mountain views. The room I stayed in 863 is very quiet room at the end of the floor. There are  wonderful food choices including: TGIFridays, Dunkin Donuts, a Steakhouse, a Cantina and a McDonald's. The casino has smoking and non-smoking areas. The entertainment seems to never end from the great bar specials, to funny pool side bartenders, salsa night at Roxy's, bowling, and a huge movie theatre. PS - You can get a small discount if its your birthday month.
5	This place is amazing, if you're looking for a place to stay off of the strip in Vegas, this is probably your best bet.Not sure how the hotel rooms are, since we stayed in our motorhome at their rv park. But the rv park is very clean and nice, but it is also the bare minimum.The casino attached to the hotel is a pretty decent size for being off of the strip too, and there's quite a few restaurants located here too. They've got a Subway, Panda Express, TGI Friday's, and a buffet (maybe two, can't remember).But that's the main reason I'm writing this review, for the buffet. It was amazing, and the best buffet I've ever eaten at in my life. Everything was soo good...and cheap as hell, what more could you ask for. I guess that's the benefit of eating off of the strip, you know it's gonna be good and cheap because they gotta pull people in from off of the strip.So anyways, we ate there twice for dinner and once for breakfast. And each individual person eats for less than $10, including a drink! Craziest thing is, is you get filet mignon included for this price!...and it's damn good. There's so much to choose from, they have an asian section, mexican, American, soups, steaks, all kinds of stuff.The breakfast buffet is also amazing. I'm not really gonna touch on it because it's just as good as the dinner was and it also has a huge selection. But let me just say that they have an omelette bar and a chef who will make a personal two-egg omelette for you with about 6-7 things to choose from to put in it.I love this place..
4	Checking in, I mentioned that it was my first time staying at the hotel.   The woman took my credit card and license and cheerfully said, "Then we'll have to make sure you have a wonderful visit!"I requested a smoking room, and she gave me the King of Smoking rooms: the top floor, Room 925.  The room had an outstanding view of the Las Vegas skyline, which was, as you would expect, even more impressive by night.  The room was clean and comfortable.  One particularly remarkable feature was the room's high ceiling.  I'm guessing this was probably because it was a top floor room.  In any event, it gave the room a more spacious feeling than a run of the mill room.Now, since Sam's Town set me up in one of their best smoking rooms, I felt duty bound  to get to smoking as soon as I checked in.  Thoughtfully, they provided a nice little ashtray and a couple books of matches.  I didn't even wait to unpack, I lit up.  I puffed and puffed and before long, I got a pretty good smoke going.  I unpacked my toileties and cleaned up.  Then after I was refreshed, I got right back to the smoking.After smoking for the better part of an hour, I needed to go get something to eat.  I was concerned the room would lose a lot of smoke while I was gone, so I started a couple smallish fires in the room and then put them out, leaving just enough smoldering material in the waste basket to keep a nice haze in the room.If you are staying in the Hotel, and don't valet,  it is best to drive around to the backside of the property and park in Garage 2.  When you enter that side of the property you will have the little food court (McDonalds, Sabarro?, Panda Express, etc) on your left, and the elevators to the rooms on the right immediately as you enter.  It's a short walk (50 yds?)  to the registration desk.One great perk they were offering during my stay was 40% off coffee drinks at the little Java Hut near the registration desk.  What a sweet deal!  And the espresso drinks were delicious!  Delicious, I tells ya!  I had to get up early every day to get the room smoky, so I appreciated being able to go down and get a quick latte and be back in my room before the smoke cleared!I don't eat fast food much in general, and very rarely at all in Vegas.  But one night I neded a quick bite and I went down to Panda Express.  I've eaten at a few before and I don't really like it all that much.  The food at this Panda Express was WAY better than any other location I've eaten at.  I was very pleasantly surprised!Although this was my first time staying at the Hotel, I have visited Sam's Town in the past to play poker and slots.  I gave up on the poker room, I never win there.  I play 7 card Stud, and at this poker room you have ante 25 cents every hand.  It adds up!  Other places have no ante (only the low card is required to make a bet) so they are a lot easier on the ol' bankroll.  Slots at Sam's Town are a lot of fun!  They have a good mix of machines and the machines are a hell of a lot looser than any Strip property, and on par with other locals type casinos.  On Thursdays they have a promotion for slot club members over 50 years of age.  (the only rude employee I encountered the whole stay was a slot club person, but her rudeness was actually charming in a sense, so i let it slide.  LOL)Still another great feature of Sam's Town is a Shepler's Western Wear store located on the 2nd floor.  I got a coupon for 20% off when I checked in to my room, and used it to get $10 off a very nice western style shirt with pearl buttons.  Yeehaw!It seems like the Boulder Highway location is way away from the strip, but it's actually not that big of a deal.  You can get to the freeway in less than 5 minutes, and then downtown in around 15 min and the center part of the strip in less than 20 min.  Even when I drove on the surface streets (Flamingo), I got from the Boulder Highway to Las Vegas Blvd (the Strip) in 13 minutes. Undoubtedly,  Las Vegas offers a lot more value if you can get past  the glitz of the strip.  If you are really serious about gambling, or about stretching your bankroll, you'll probably want to find locals places like Sam's.  There are a bunch of them all along the Boulder Highway, stretching from the Joker's Wild down in Henderson, right up through Sam's Town and Arizona Charlie's East and beyond.  There were two things that I didn't like about Sam's Town.  First of all, there was no safe in the room.  What the heck is up with that?  I don't like leaving huge wads of cash unattended in my room, protected only by a cheap, poorly laminated, Do Not Disturb sign hanging on my room door handle, so I was forced to walk around with bulging pockets all week.The second shortcoming was the TV in the room.  It looked promising at first, all rectangular and black and modern looking, like a high def TV.  But the picture was old school.  What a drag!Mikey C says: Check out Sam's Town!  It's fun!
5	If you are going to Vegas, don't gamble seriously on the strip. It's stressful and has the worst odds. This is a huge multi-level casino, it's not the place to be seen, it's the place to gamble with friends. Sam's Town staff and dealers will happily help you with any game you want to play. The people who go there to gamble aren't loud high strung a-holes often found on the strip. For chill and enjoyable card games and craps, I'm a big fan of this place.
5	This place is fantastic !! The inside park is a great place to cool off in summer . It is warm in the winter and they make it very festive for Christmas . lots of gaming to choose from . There is a nice little bar on second floor , my favorite place to play !! say hi to Joe or Jim when at that bar , great people !!! and they have a GREAT valet say hi to Robert or Phil on swing shift they take great care of my car and fast service!!
3	This place feels like "Redneck Heaven"--and like it's more for locals than out-of-towners.  Sam's has good theaters (Century) and a nice bowling alley with lots of space and decent prices.
3	One of the first locals casinos in Las Vegas, this place was started in the 70's and once upon a time had sawdust on the floor!  This is a great place to bring friends and family who like to gamble.  There's a HUGE selection of table games, video poker machines, and slot machines that have low betting minimums and variety.If you're looking for the chic, hip, party spots, this is not the property for you.  The food here is ok and low priced.  No high end joints here.Overall, it's a nice place if you want to gamble or are looking for a good priced hotel room.  It's far from the Strip (15 min by car), so don't expect to use this as an alternative to staying on the Strip.Will I return?  Eventually.
4	Stayed at Sam's Town in early 2009 for a few nights over a long weekend.  As I recall, it averaged out to about $33/night, which I thought was great at the time (I assume due to the economy having crapped out and tanking completely).  For the price, the room was amazing, especially since it included Friday and Saturday nights.  Also, it was a real non-smoking room, which was good; I can't stand smoke.Was with my daughter since we were both in the LV area to go to Front Sight for some classes (about 45 miles away, outside of Pahrump).  Yes, Sam's Town is a longer drive than from the main strip, or from Pahrump, but all the Pahrump hotels were sold out and I decided to be a cheap ass if I had to stay in LV itself.  I also did not want to stay in one of the $20/night hotels I normally stay in when on my own and forced to lodge in LV where you can still see the outline of a body from the police chalk on your room floor.  I had my daughter with me, figured I would upgrade to something fancier.We were on the 2nd floor.  It was a little noisy in the evening, although by 10PM everything settled down after the last light show.They have a laser light show with mechanical animals on top of an indoor water fall.  I found it humorously cheesy BUT... my daughter, who was 5 at the time, LOVED the entire show (which can be watched from your room window), especially the rigged stiff legged wolf that would roll out of a cave on top of the water fall and howl (bob it's mechanical head up and down).  It's almost two years later and my daughter still talks about this and wants to go back, just so she can see the stiff legged wolf come out of it's cave and howl.Can't comment on the casino or the food since I only was there to have an inexpensive place to sleep.If the price is right I will definitely go to Sam's Town again, just so my daughter can see the mechanical wolf howl.
4	For being a Boulder strip casino, I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is the ambiance so fun, the gambling, and buffet were as well. We had the champagne brunch buffet and it was around $10 and such a good deal! Unlimited little champagne bottles, pretty good food, and set in the center of the casino, in the "courtyard" of the hotel rooms. Every now and then the "sky" would darken and twinkle with lights and animatronic animals would come alive. It was fun! My sister and I hit up the Bingo room and damn do those bingo folks get down! Ha ha! We were totally out of place but had so much fun and even had a nice woman help us (we only had one card and were falling behind and she had like 10 and was rockin' it). We spent way more time at Sam's Town than anticipated and I'll definitely be coming back and possibly stay here some time for a cheap, off-the-strip room.
3	Not a bad hotel, but not great either. We were looking for a cheap place to stay on our last night in Vegas and were recommended this hotel as it only cost $30. Not bad for a night in Vegas. But before you book, be aware that this place is off of Boulder Hwy which is about 5-7 miles off the strip. If you don't mind it being that far off the strip, then this is a hell of a deal. This place is clean, nice and really well kept. The rooms are really nice and this place is super quiet! I will admit, I was skeptical at first, but what a bargain!!! This is a place that caters to the 50+ age range as you will notice while walking through the casino, but that's it. Not a bad deal, or steal. Just be prepared to drive to the strip.
4	My friends wanted to watch a movie and ofcourse I'm the one always having to make the trip down to the east side of  Vegas because they're all too lazy to come down to Town Square which is my side of the neighborhood.Wow was I surprised on the interior of Sam's Town.  If you've ever been in the dining area of Pirates of the Caribbean and New Orleans part of Disneyland, this place really reminds me of it.  Not the casino part but the small main part where all the restaurants are at and at night the ceiling is dark with a small, not over the top average light show going on.  There are fake animals too that comes into animation once in a while if you dig that sort of thing.The theatre we went to inside is pretty clean and big.  It sucks that the armrest doesn't fold up because I seriously wanted to pull the yawn move, feel free to rest your head on my shoulder tactic on my homegirl, haha.  Man she's so mysterious and plays hard to get! But back to the topic, almost thought this was a xanga site.Don't expect this place to be anywhere as glamorous and fancy as the hotels you see at the strip.  The 4 stars is because for a hotel on the east side, its pretty nice and different.  Yes the crowd might be a bit ghetto but I promise you, they are humans like us and don't bite.  As for me I'm kinda ghetto myself and don't really mind being around this part of town.This review is for the interior and not the rooms since I've never stayed in a room here before.  Everyone that lives in vegas should venture out often to see what's out there, sometimes you'll be surprised just as I was with this place.  It's not like we have a beach to go too anyway so why not just come here and enjoy the artificial mountains with a waterfall and stream inside of Sam's Town.
4	I love Sam's Town.  I feel like I'm far away from Las Vegas.  If available, request the room with the view of the atrium for $10 more.  I got a 4-Star room for $29, can't beat that!  You can bowl, watch movies or just hang out in the atrium.  Lots of restaurants, too.  I thought the buffet was okay.  For the price, this is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!
5	I Love Sams Town. The Dunkin Donuts. The Movie Theater, The buffet. And the cheap slots and the Paycheck bonus thing. Good Parking as well. And the free Shuttle to Strip and downtown casinos.
4	Enjoyed my stay here! I would rather stay here than any of the places on Fremont St. The rooms were clean and the service was high quality. Good pool, good casino, good food, good sportsbook. I would stay here again for sure
5	Just got back from my 2nd visit there - again, I was very pleased.  First, great room for $25/night!  Second, decent casino - I only play slots; I did ok on them - no big losses, but no big wins either. My room was clean and comfortable - I had no problems with noise from neighbors or anything.  Clientele  seems to be older, middle class.  Love the Atrium and waterfall.  Enjoyed the Buffet - got a discount with their players club card.  I also took advantage of the shuttles to the Strip and downtown.   Also the cocktail service was much better this visit.  Since I'm older, this place is real attractive to me - not sure I would've enjoyed it as much 25 years ago; it's certainly not the Club scene and definitley NOT glamorous!  You cannot go wrong with the price of the rooms here - plus, there's the food court, buffet and some restaurants.  I highly recommend it.
3	Actually, Sam's Club is more like 3.,5 stars.  I really liked the place.  It only cost about $23 a night (getaroom.com). The room was a nice sized room (not too big or too small).  Two comfy chairs, king sized bed (which was comfy, tho the pillows were fairly small), a desk and chair.  Lighting was good. The bathroom was big with a counter large enough for any accessory (hair, makeup, toiletries). The shower had strong, hot water with a bowed shower curtain.  They wanted to charge us $15 a night to overlook the waterfall/park area. We said no, so our view was the roof with a huge light shining in our room (the curtains did a sufficient job blocking it so we could sleep). What we really didn't like was that it had no mini fridge or coffee maker, but for the price...The TV was tiny (the remote control worked well).Also, we had an adjoining room and was woken up each morning by people next door getting ready to leave and meeting up with others right in front of the adjoining room and they were loud! Not fun.The crowd was a bit ghetto and older.  However, some of the older couples were hand in hand or arm and arm...so cute. The Roxy lounge had a jazz esemble and people were dancing.  I really do not like that type of music and would never engage, but the people who did looked like they were having so much fun.We ate at Panda Express and McDonalds (McDonalds charged .75 for a refill of pop, which I never heard of before). Panda Express was really good. The Shuttle service was awesome. We went to the strip, back to Sams and then out to downtown all in one day.  It was great.There was a high amount of security, so many that we thought "Is this place really NOT that safe??"The Java Coffee Hut was VERY expensive, for no real reason.The Shuttle service (showtime) to the airport cost $22 per person just because it's 10 minutes (that's how long it took to get to the airport) from Sams Town. The price was 5 star! The room was comfortable, but no view, no extras, tiny TV.High security (does Sams Town need that much security?), lower class clientel, but cute older couples.Awesome shuttle.High priced coffee, good fast food (if you are into fast food).Buffets were just adequate (but cheap).Right across the street from Walmart, some other fast food and discount shopping.   I heard that Sams Town was near no where, not true. There is some eating and shopping areas right across the street.There is a cute pool and a hot tub. I think it's opened to at least 10PM.We would go again, because of the shuttle service and their cheap rates.
1	Sams town is past it's prime and is filthy and dirty and sucks. It hasn't been good since the 1980's
4	I love Sam's Town.  95% of people there are locals and they are friendly and courtious.  They have $3 craps and the people running the tables are unbelieveably helpful and friendly.  An employee named Uri went out of her way to explain betting to me in a friendly, professional way.  The cocktail waitresses are the best with fast accurate orders and service.  There are many reasons why I would recommend going to this casino, but I just suggest you go there and experience it for yourself.  From class steak, bowling, gambling, shows, buffets, quality at very reasonable prices.  Where locals go ought to be a sign that this place has it right.
5	I suppose I should get around to writing this review sooner or later. Every year for the past I won't say how many years, myself and a gaggle of my deviant friends pile into a car and rocket out to Las Vegas for a punk rock bowling, which, with 2010 as an exception, is held annually at Sam's Town.One year, I remember sheepishly asking the front desk how they approach this time of year. "Oh, it's one of our favorite weekends!" an employee resounded, enthusiastically, "We love punk rock bowling!" I always remember that, and in 2010, there definitely felt like something was missing. The high roller lifestyle affiliated with the Vegas Strip is kind of lost on me, as it is, but Sam's Town has dozens of little perks aside from just being tidy and affordable. They've hooked me up with a microwave when I wanted to reheat some particularly delicious leftovers from the previous evening. Their employees are so accommodating and so discreet - noble traits, to someone who spends her sloppiest, drunkest weekend of the year here. I love the fact that the Atrium bar never gets too smokey and we see the same, nice bartender every year. BYO Records may have a reputation about as clean and white as Lindsay Lohan's, but the image of dozens of drunk, washed up, tatted up punx singing "Proud to Be An American" along with the Sam's Town laser light show, will be burned into my memories, forever.
5	This is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas! I love that it has a food court with a variety of choices, an indoor courtyard to leisurely walk through, a swimming pool, movie theater, shops, and casino ALL INDOORS... which means you don't need to worry about being out in the sweltering heat during the summer! This hotel is very kid-friendly without being over the top about it. It feels safe. Oh, and the rates are really reasonable!
4	I went to Sam's Town and stayed here for a bowling tournament, and I have to say it was a great experience. A few people warned me before I went that this off-the-stip (its really nowhere near the strip) hotel is a bit run down, but I thought my room was clean and comfortable, and it was quiet with those blackout curtains that will let you sleep until 2:00 PM if need be. The casino is what it is, and the buffet was decent. In this world, you get what you pay for, and what Sam's Town may lack in stunningly gaudy glitz it makes up with an honest experience at a fair price. The bowling lanes were also great. I was told that lane conditions would be less then ideal, because so many bowlers would be on the lanes that weekend. But I thought the lanes were great, and I bowled quite well. Unfortunately, my team sucked it up, but hey I still had a good time. I think this would be a great place for a family who wants to take a Vegas vacation but has a slightly limited budget. They have bowling, a movie theater, reasonably priced rooms, and restaurants.
3	Review for casino only:I haven't been to Sam's Town for about 3 years. We went today to meet some friends for dinner.  First some video poker.  There was a fairly standard Boyd Casinos mix of games.  The casino was not overly chilled with air conditioning but was rather pleasant.While not a comment about the facility, I don't think I've seen so many people with walkers and canes in one place as I did at Sam's Town.  It's the nature of a locals' casino that caters to retirees.
1	Hey Sam's Town - if you're going to make a big deal about your fancy "Mystic Falls Laser Light and Water Show", UPDATE YOUR WEB SITE when you're CLOSING IT.  It's a schlep out to this casino, but we made the drive to see this water show that my friends like.  So we checked the web site on Saturday to find out the times for the show - 6pm, 8pm and 10pm.  We had dinner at TGI Friday's to kill time for the 10pm show, and... found a small sign (under the huge banner advertising the show) that mentioned it's cancelled for maintenance for the rest of the month.  Uh.  Thanks.  Schmucks.Sent an email to them that night complaining about this - didn't get a reply, but noticed today that their web site does now mention this closure.
2	We've stayed at ST several times and thought it to be clean and comfortable. I was disappointed with my stay last night. We stayed in an outside room on the 7th floor. The halls and room were dingy and worn. The bedding was average and the floors just down-right filthy. We did not feel comfortable or enjoy our stay. One up note was the pool. First time using it and it was quite nice, especially if you enjoy being in the shade on a 106 F afternoon.
3	This review is based on a few things: the casino itself, the movie theaters, a few stores, and it is based off me having been a regular of this casino since I was a small child.Sam's Town has been around for a LONG time and even has an album named after it. If you don't know the artist, just look it up. It's a "good ol" western themed place. Plus it is for locals and cowboys who come in for the rodeo. On that level, the casino is probably deserving of 3 stars, but I think it's gone down hill in the past couple years.Here are some good things: the movie theaters are actually quite nice and well kept. They're hardly ever really busy, which make them a good place to go if you want to see a movie by yourself.Sam's Town also has Shepler's which is a great place to find western wear in Las Vegas.I am weary of the restaurants here as I experienced an upset tummy after eating at the TGI Fridays. The Mexican place here is called Willy & Jose's and has a bottomless margaritas deal going on right now - but I have yet to indulge.It's not the best place, nor is it the worst. It is a locals hotel and out of all the places on Boulder Highway I like this casino the best.
2	I chose this hote because my friend works there and iits an easy in and out away from the strip with no traffic problems. Everything seemed fine until I sat on the bed. It felt like it was 30 years old, no cushion and bouncy. I called the front desk and asked what room I could upgrade to with a decent bed and was told every room had the same beds.  I had to check the law label on the bed cause I wanted to know what was in it. There was NO Foam. Only fabric on top of cotton and polyester. I asked for as amny foam toppers as they had and they brought me three 2" twin bed pieces of foam which I put on top of each other in the middle of my queen bed. It was tolerable. Thank goodness I only stayed 2 nights. Also very disppointed that there was no coffeee shop open late night. Ugh! Never again. Not worth saving money for the discomfort or inconvenience. No room service at all either!
5	Stay reason: too drunk to....anything. Even check in on yelp.Stayed Saturday night after binge drinking at Aces and Ales.For the last minute booking, we caught a fair price, a nice clean room, and a safe place to crash. It has a beautiful atrium that has a big manmade waterfall. We stayed from midnite-noon...a nice late checkout.Super friendly staff and comfy accommodations made my hangover suffering less painful. Thanks so much!!!
2	We saw a movie at Sams Town and later saw the sign for a free entree with ticket stub deal at TGIF, kind of a buy one get one free offer. We have been coming here for many years although not that much recently. Very nice and clean inside with fresh air and no smell of cigarette smoke like it used to be. We were seated right away and the new TGIF looks good. We both ordered the steak and lobster and a round of cocktails. Servers kept asking how my wife liked the blood orange margarita since it was a new item. We said it was good, but actually it wasn't anything special. Our dinner arrives and the steak is small and so is the dry lobster tail. The 2 sides are tiny too. The thing that I didn't like is that the steak and lobster is exactly the same offering that Boyd Gaming has been offering in their diners for years for around $10 or so. The onion rings are the ones that they always serve and not like the other TGIFs we've been to. The loaded mashed potatos is just mashed potatos with cheese, bacon and chives sprinkled on top, nothing specially prepared. I don't know what the other menu items are like, but we didn't experience a standard TGIFs preparation and felt like I had a appetizer instead of a meal. Service was good, but I can't come back knowing that Sam's Town seems to be renting the TGIF name and using the same food stock from the hotel kitchen. We should have gone to the Firelight buffet instead.
4	Stayed here for a couple days and can I say I enjoyed my experience here? The first thing that caught my eye upon arriving and heading toward the check-in desk was the huge waterfall! I would've never expected it to be in the hotel, but it was so beautiful, it made a huge impact on my stay at this hotel! I love the smell coming from the waterfall also. The scenery around it was also really gorgeous too! I really liked the theme that they had going on.The hotel room was quite nice, nothing wrong with it at all! It had a nice bathroom also, and provided with nice beds and soft but one hard pillows!The food selections were also really nice! They had some moderate-pricey restaurants while they had normal priced fast food too. From TGIF, Dunkin' Donuts to Mcdonalds, Panda Express and more! Found good food every night! They had many different things to do other than gambling! They had a nice movie theater, which I did watch a movie and they also have a bowling alley!This hotel is not typically like the 4-star hotels on the strip. Some parts of the hotel are quite outdated and old looking and just not really impressive but my stay was nice! I would definitely come back again if I'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at!
5	I had been driving for 11 1/2 hours on a Sunday. I was tired. I knew I could (BARELY) make it to Las Vegas, but needed a place that was secure and affordable. I wasn't willing to battle the Strip while on little energy. I thought of a place "where locals go" and punched Sam's Town - a place I've never been to, in my 30+ trips to Las Vegas - into my GPS. It helped the directions took me to a freeway that was on the way to Phoenix, AZ, my final destination.Wow. I was given a wonderful room for $39. (Next time I visit, it'll probably be comp'ed, but still.) It wasn't just clean, it was excellent. The view, eh... it was of a mountain. When visiting Las Vegas, I wanna see the strip. If I want the desert, I will stay put - I live in Phoenix, AZ, after all!The casino, bars, restaurant, buffet and the center of the hotel was beautiful. The staff and pit boss was great. He gave me his card, something many pit bosses wouldn't. I really appreciated my time there, albeit short.Seriously, no complaints except you better know what parking garage you are in...There's three huge ones and there's a lot of walking to do to get to your vehicle and if you're hauling a bunch of stuff, it aint fun.
5	The Killers have made Sam's Town legendary by naming their second album after it. If you want to be a part of rock music lore, stay here. Or at the very least take a picture with the huge 'old west'-style sign outside if you're a true Killers fan and want to prove it! Also don't miss the colorful laser-fied water show.http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
4	What a fun place to visit, this was our second time there and I assure you there will be a third.
5	Where they fail is the hillbilly room decor. Their location also sucks miserably.But beyond that, I am infatuated!The park-like setting is absolutely gorgeous. I did not get to play the $3 craps but I would have loved to! I love their nice food court. I won on their slots. I played all levels of blazin 7s-nickel, quarter, dollar. Happiness! They have bingo--can't wait to play! They have a nice pool and movies theaters as well as bowling. I just feel comfortable and happy there. It's my happy zone. I would stay there exclusively if they weren't so eastofnowhere.
4	One of the best places to go gamble and not go broke. I really enjoy the penny slots and they have a great selection of games. Plus there is a non-smoking section available, which is really nice.
3	Well we were in a comped room so I am not sure if rooms that you pay for are any better than our room or not. The room was OK but nothing special. When you are getting something FREE you can't complain too much. I am sure though by the time we leave after staying 3 nights we will have more than paid for the room with our gambling losses. First thing we noticed there was no directory in the room. We called house keeping and were informed that they had run out, there were none and we couldn't get one. So no TV channel guide, didn't know where ice was located, didn't know what hotel services were offered and where they were located. That kind of sucked but we figured we could deal with it. Second the TV was from the dark ages I think. Don't get me wrong I don't need a 55" TV in my room but something a little bigger than 20" would have been nice. And maybe one that doesn't have the old fashion bulging screen. The bathroom was OK overall. The supplies were on the skimpy side. Sure glad we brought our own. It was very clean, towels were nice. The beds were very comfortable and the linens were very nice. I would also like to mention that I agree with other reviewers about other hotels and their WiFi service. How can your smaller run of the mill motels/hotels offer FREE WiFi service and your nicer larger places charge for it, and at high hourly rates at that. It just doesn't make a lot of sense in this day and age. Fortunately we have a Verizon Broadband card for our laptop that worked perfect.
4	Sams Town is a cool place to stay Vegas if you have kids. For starters they have a wonderful atrium with a water fall that the kids can run around. Also the have a free light show in the atrium. I went around Christmas time and this place was decorated so well.There is a movie theater and a bowling alley on site as well.As for the gambling if you win, its a great place to gamble and if you lose its a sucky place to gamble. Overall I did OK the weekend I was there. I played mostly Video Poker and won a few bills.Overall I highly recommend this place because its away from the strip and that is key if you have children. You and your kids will be entertained here.
4	Sams Town is a cool place to stay in Vegas if you have kids. For starters they have a wonderful atrium with a water fall that the kids can run around. Also the have a free light show every couple hours in the atrium. I went around Christmas time and this place was decorated so well.There is a movie theater and a bowling alley on site as well.As for the gambling if you win, its a great place to gamble and if you lose its a sucky place to gamble. Overall I did OK the weekend I was there. I played mostly Video Poker and won a few bills.Overall I highly recommend this place because its away from the strip and that is key if you have children. You and your kids will be entertained here.
4	Fun place, lot of things to do. Bowling,movie's! I never stayed there so no comment in that area.
4	This is a great place to stay. We came for Punk Rock Bowling in May '11 and could not have been happier with the accommodations. The room itself was very inexpensive and, having to stick to the frugal side for this trip, I loved the food court.  The atrium was really pretty too, and relaxing. What I enjoyed most was that TGI Fridays was available for room service. There was also a shuttle available thru PRB to get downtown so that saved a LOT of time and the pain of having to drive and park in Vegas.
5	I love seeing this show. If you consider yourself a patriotic person and love America then this is a must see if just once when in Vegas. Also, it's free!Sam's Town is one of those locals casinos that is off the strip on the Boulder Highway. This stretch of road features a bunch of more western themed lower-level casino hotels that draw in a local crowd and older clientele. Sam's Town is one of the better ones, and the casino itself can be a great little place to gamble with it's lower amount buy ins at the blackjack and table games. It's a nice casino, but nothing flashy or trendy, and will sometimes have some scary Jerry Springer types walking around.But the crown jewel of this place is the center Mystic Fall Park atrium that features a really cool laser and light show set to country western and patriotic music. Animatronic robotic animals are all part of the experience too. The Atrium itself is set up as a park / forest with some restaurants and shopping along the outside, the main check in desk, and centered with a nifty bar area right in the middle. It's a perfect spot to see the show with a drink in your hand. Plus, as the show is performed at night everything is lit up all around it, and there is even a waterfall in here. If you stay overnight try to get a room overlooking the atrium and show.The animals move around, the wolves howl, and there is even a water show as fountains shoot eight stories into the air, and dancing waters move to music from patriotically bombastic to country USA. Go America! U-S-A! U-S-A! It's a terrific little show to see, but not anything like the Fountains of Bellagio, but it is free. Plus, it's indoors, so weather is never a factor. If you have a car and some time to kill take a trek over to see it. Free Shows Daily  - Laser Light & Water Show - 6pm, 8pm & 10pm
4	We came here for a family function.  We got 2 rooms, one standard for the kids, one premium for me n the lady.  I was pleased with this hotel.  Away from the strip, so pricing was better, especially since we were here on Super Bowl weekend.Both rooms were nice, the premium had a nice view of the forest area in the middle, and the standard had a view of the strip in the distance.  Every thing was clean, the rooms furniture did look a bit beat up from many vacuums and things like that but not bad.  The carpet was nice, the bedding was nice.  The wood furniture was scuffed at the bottom.  No issue.  The standard room had a old tube tv.  Mine had a larger flat screen. The only had 2 issues the entire trip.  First during check in, they attempted to give me smoking room even though I reserved a non-smoking.  They tried to tell me that because of Super Bowl weekend that everything was booked.  I got real pissy real quick and suddenly a non smoking opened up.  I shouldnt have to do that, thats ridiculous.Second issue was there was a hanging lamp by the window.  Where it was located we kept hitting our heads.  I stood up from sitting on the couch and caved the bottom in, hurt like hell.  The lamp is not on a chain so it will give, its attached to a pole.  That thing needs to be moved.  Its like there used to be a table and chairs there, and now a couch and coffee table.  It could be dangerous.All in all, the visit was very nice, I was very happy with my stay.  I will come here again for sure.
4	**Disclaimer: I am a redneck and I love wrestling. That is all.**Yes, I only go to Sam's Town for their monthly free WWE PPV showings in the ballroom or theatre or whatever the hell it is called. Unfortunately to get your ticket you have to walk through the disgusting mess of a casino but luckily you only need to do it once.The event space is set up well with three gigantic screens and plenty of seating. Did I mention the $1.25 beers and disgusting fried food? Did I also mention that I'm a redneck and can't help but hang out with toothless hillbillies and fatties while watching half naked men grapple one another? Oh, I did? Welp, have a good day!
3	Good, clean, white-trash fun. I fit in quite well.
2	Although it is not a bad hotel, it definitely doesn't deliver the Vegas experience.  Not a lot of young people, more of an older crowd who just wants to gamble and chill. You can take the shuttle to the strip, but it stops pretty early. They have a TGI Fridays which is always good, bowling, theater, and other stuff. But like I said, it doesn't really feel like your in Vegas when at Sams Town.
3	We visited Sam's Town over St Paddys Weekend. After driving down from Reno, the location was easy to find right off the freeway on Boulder Highway. Check-in was a breeze, and the woman at the bell desk was very friendly and helpful. We booked a busy weekend through their website and didn't get the killer deal that some got for Friday and Saturday night, though Sunday night's rate brought down the average. The rooms were adequate and clean, and the beds super soft. Maybe a bit too soft for those who like a firm mattress. Maid service was good. There are no in-room coffee makers, but we travel with our own. There were plenty of places to eat within the casino, and we enjoyed several. The buffet was fine, nothing special, but filling. There were plenty of gaming options with wall to wall slots and the usual mix of table games. While we can't speak for the table games as we didn't play, we thought the payout ratios on their slots were very low. We know you don't go into a casino expecting to win, especially on slots, but even here in Reno we get the ocassional ups and downs, and sometimes even hit some nice payouts. Not at Sam's. Except for some very minor up movement, it was pretty much a matter of watching your play funds decrease with every spin. Ok, we didn't have to gamble the whole time, but truthfully, within the grounds, there's not a lot of other things to do. Sure, they have a movie theatre and bowling alley, but we didn't drive 400 miles for that. We can do that in Reno. Come to think of it, we can lose money in Reno too, silly us. All in all, it was a typical casino experience, nothing horrible, but not at all special either. One thing that was lacking was the overall excitement of a Vegas experience. The average age of the casino crowd was older than our mid to late 40's by quite a bit, and while I have nothing but respect for older people using walkers, I'm sure it contributes to the sleepy feeling of this casino. Again, no disrespect, but if you're wanting a high energy experience, this is probably not for you. For us, it wasn't a bad experience at all, but next time we'll make Sam's a stop off, rather than our destination. Truthfully, for a few dollars more, we could have stayed on the strip, and likely will do that on our next Vegas experience.
4	Review for Sam's Town Live: Sam's Town Live has been a 4 star venue to spectate  WWE pay per views. It is cool to cheer the good guys and boo the heels with hundreds of fellow WWE fans.  The beer and Nachos are inexpensive. I correct myself, the beer is a bargain.   Sadly I won't be enjoying it this year. After getting on line hours early, I learned that you need a master ticket to wait on the line. Lesson learned.  With this said, my TIP is to get to Sam's Town hours ahead of the pay per view, and make sure you pick up a master ticket from promotions before you wait on line.
3	Never really won here don't know why I keep coming back. Oh yeah because my gf likes to play cards here, doh! It's a nice laid back place mostly for the locals and older crowd. Good for families since they have a huge bowling alley, movie theaters, dunkin donuts and even a ice cream place.   Not really a place for the younger crowd.
3	When it's 2 for 1 then any food is good, the food is ok but better with 2 for 1!
4	I couldn't believe when my friend was making me stay here. Lo and behold, it is a gem of Vegas. Super cheap, great amenities, and yeah, it's definitely far off the strip but great if you have a rental car.
5	Throwing out an OMG here. I had some kind of sinus hell thing going .The preceding week at the "Golden Nugget Smokers, Come 'Ere!" Hotel and Casino hadn't helped. The Golden Nugget is swell but smokey and dicey. The Hard Rock Hotel rocked, save for the finger nail I found in the carpet in the living room and the 'What, Me Worry' attitude of the customer service when I told them about it. So it was my last day before I returned to LA and I'd reserved a room at Sam's. Perfect. Just what I needed. Atrium with city facade facing forest with robot animals strewn about? Check!Nice enough rooms? Check!History? Check!Thank you Sam's, I'll be back.
5	Sams town,Is beautiful.Great atmosphere.Very friendly staff.You definetly will not go thirsty here,Waitresses are always comming around. We  ate dinner and breakfast at the buffet.we were not disapointed.The food was wonderful.The machines are loose.Will definetly stay at Sams town again.Personally  I thought they had the nicest rooms in Las Vegas.
4	My GF decided to surprise me with a weekend "staycation" and she got us a room at Sams Town and tickets to the Indie rock festival. She told me Sams town was a low low class casino hotel but it was in the same area as the festival so thats were we ended up.The staff were all professional and willing to help answer were is this type questions. I didnt see the low low class the GF spoke of but it did have a western theme.  The bars were open and flowing but only one served my favorite the Hefeweizen. It was located in the steakhouse and the Bartender was great to chat with. Next time I will have to try the food. It looked great but all I did was down two of the largest beers Ive ever seen. I mean it was so large my arm got tired as I followed the GF from one slot machine to another.The greenhouse/lobby was great and the free light shows were mildly entertaining. The animals and light show sometimes lined up and it would have been awesome to see the Bear stand and salute during the National anthem instead of waving.The buffet was a little below average as the prime rib was a pot roast at best, my GF swears they had Tunafish in the seafood salad but still kept sucking it down.The GF saw someone with a strawberry zinger and wasnt able to find one so I asked the pastry chef if they had such a thing and she said they may have some in the back and promptly went to get us some. Our room was on the 6th floor and I lost the bet that they would have a room 666.  In the spot it should be was a storage closet so maybe something happened and they converted it. I didnt get to ask but that would have been cool.My car was safe in their garage and since I have a drop top that is always a concern.And where else can you be where you can get a picture with a stuffed donkeys ass?The
1	You know that small disclaimer at the bottom of your hotel reservations that reads: Management does not need to guarantee your reservation and can cancel at any moment for any reason? I have stayed at 100s of hotels in my life but the only places I have been to that invoked this clause were: "Fremont Casino" and SAM'S TOWN(both owned by Boyd). A friend from California came to town and wanted to see Hoover Dam. SAM'S is only about 15 minutes from Boulder City so I decided that this would be a good place to have her stay since she doesn't like gambling and the whole drunk-party atmosphere of the Strip. When we showed up, they changed our reservation for the reason: "Just because we can", and then they reminded us that: "MANAGEMENT RESERVES ALL RIGHTS TO CANCEL: (insert topic)"... this is something they will tell you a lot here.In 2010, I frequently would be sent mailers which offered me a free meal or room. I lived in NW Las Vegas around then. When I would drive 22 miles to get to SAM's, the workers would say: "We sent you this comp mailer in error. This is only available to out-of-state players". Then they would refuse to honor the comp. Just to let you know, the better Boyd Properties such as Suncoast and Gold Coast would accept responsibility for the error and would honor it anyway(I know from experience). But, here at Sam's I would of of course argue and they would always tell me to "come back tomorrow and talk with the manager". Every time I would show up the manager would not be present. This happened many times in 2010. Then the desk workers would remind me: "MANAGEMENT RESERVES ALL RIGHTS TO CANCEL: (insert topic)" If you read the disclaimer on your b-connected page, you will see words that read: "Your reservation is a REQUEST and NOT a GUARANTEE". That means if you live in California, Texas, or New York, you might have to fly all the way over to Las Vegas to not have a room available for you. Will they say sorry to you? Forget about it.... They won't say "sorry", they will say: "MANAGEMENT RESERVES ALL RIGHTS TO CANCEL: (insert topic)".One of the things that totally pissed me off about my recent visit was that I was racially insulted by a worker. I don't blame the worker, I blame management for being so negligent for hiring him and not giving him a standard cultural sensitivity training course. He greeted me by shouting all types of stereotype gibberish like "ching chang chong ling long!". Believe me, I was really pissed and let him know. Unfortunately, I ended up being the one feeling bad afterwards because I ended up making him cry. When he started crying, I realized at that moment that  he might be mentally disabled, so it actually made me feel really bad about getting angry at him. Being Asian-American, it is common for us to get racially insulted when going into a business. It happens frequently, I get it almost every other day. For example, the worker will single you out and ask you: "are you a Chinese or Japanese?" instead of just saying "Hi" like they would greet the other customers.  Shouldn't management address to their workers that singling out a customer due to their race is wrong?There are a lot of good things about this place. Most particularly: location and convenience. There is a gigantic Wal-Mart next door, and they got 24 hour McDonald's & Dunkin Donuts right inside the casino. And the best thing is that the McDonalds does not triple the prices like the ones inside the MGM properties do.  Unlike what everyone else says, I got exceptionally good service at the TGI Fridays. I left a big tip. My server was really hard working. You know the Food Credit that they offer hotel guests? Apparently they can revoke that as well after you have already checked in. B-connected food credits are complicated, you have to charge the meal to the room and then they comp it after you check out. But, during my last visit, they decided to once again invoke the "legal disclaimer"  by not honoring the food comp and charging my credit card the full price of the meals. What a scam! Don't let this happen to you! The fountain show is out of date and looks like those mechanical bears that play the banjo at Chuck E Cheese.  The Wolf robot rolls out on a board made of plywood that has wheels attached to the bottom of it. The mechanical bear looks like it is doing disco moves due to it's awkward construction. The "laser show" is so cheap looking that you could hire a guy to hold two flashlights in his hands and tell him to do jumping jacks and no one would notice the difference. Like many of the reviewers below mentioned, some nights they won't even go through with this already crappy show. When the mist machine turns on, some guy who looks like Clint Eastwood will come out of the "mystical cave" and tell the crowd: "MANAGEMENT RESERVES ALL RIGHTS TO CANCEL( Insert Topic)!"   This place could have been an easy 5-star review, but they blew it.Management should reserve the right to #$*# off!
3	Sam's Town is alright.Sometimes I go to Sam's Town at night for the 24-hour Dunkin Donuts.  I like to sit in the indoor park area - it's very chill.  The bowling area is plenty big and nice enough.  The downside is the area of town this is in.  We have seen some real creepers hanging around this place.  We saw one guy walk around and talk to himself... not just one night, but three separate nights!  The clientele here is also very... old.  I'm in my twenties, and I usually feel pretty out of place.  Still, the lure of iced Dunkin Donuts coffee in the middle of the night still keeps me coming back.
4	I'm rating this for their Poker Room only.  They have a $23 morning tournament for a Mixed Hold'em.  Not bad at all...your opponents are 95% seniors (they love socializing).  Payout was not bad as well (depends on how many entries).If you came earlier and had time to spare at the same time haven't eaten breakfast yet, try the Sport's Deli by the Sports Book section.  Not bad for a breakfast sandwich there.  They also have a Loco Moco in their menu but wasn't able to try it (I didn't have enough time to do that).Overall, I will come back here to try it again.
5	For being a 2.5 - 3 star hotel and casino, I give it 5 stars.  I've always stayed at their sister property, the Orleans and liked it, but this being a last minute trip for the Memorial Weekend, all the brand name hotels were either sold out or prices were jacked up so high that I would have had to pay a month's worth of rent just for 2 nights here on the strip.  Anyway, I came across Sam's Town through the B-Connected website.  I was hesitant at first  because of the reviews found on yelp and it being kinda far from the strip (like way yonder or something).  I was expecting the worst as we got closer to the hotel.  The whole time, I'm thinking "Please don't let it be a dingy roach motel".  Once we walked in, I thought, "not bad".  The check-in area was in an atrium with a beautiful waterfall, which seemed nice and well maintained.  When we got to the room, I smiled and let out a big sigh of relief.  The room was great and the bathroom was awesome.  It was roomy and there was a flatscreen TV.  the bedding and furniture were clean and in great shape.Sam's Town doesn't offer much for food, but it sufficed.  Buffet was slightly above average and TGIF is good ole reliable TGIF.  Not a big casino, but offers enough to feel like one.  For those who think I'm overrating Sam's Town, you have to consider the hotel/casino in terms of the price you paid.  You can't have wine on a beer budget.  I don't want to pay a bundle for extra flash and ritz or a club that I have no intention of going to.  That's why the others charge you so much.  I go to Vegas 3-4 times a year.  I'm just here to chill.  This place is WAY better than Excalibur and Stratosphere and as good as the Monte Carlo and Luxor.  Bonus:  the slots are kinda loose and the $3 blackjack table is great!
4	I love Sam's Town.I've stayed here three separate years for Punk Rock Bowling and whenever we're away, I miss it. The drinks are well-priced and I love the theme stuff. Plus, the staff have always seemed glad to have us back (which counts for a lot). The best thing about Sam's Town, by far, is the atrium. The rock bar was always a central place for you to meet with your friends and close out the night. Besides, where else can you find a bunch of punks singing along to patriotic sings and climbing on animatronic wolves and bears?As gross as it sounds, I actually like that they have the little fast food section too. It's all together and if you just want something quick and disgusting, you know just where to go.The bowling center is great until your lane breaks during the tournament but, honestly, that just added to the awesome crappiness of it all. So, Sam's Town, I miss you but at least we still have bowling.
4	We came here on a Friday before leaving Vegas and lucked out with the seafood buffet for $25.  All you can eat crab legs and sirloin steak was deal here.  Yeah, we went for the crab legs and got stuffed.  The steak was equally good too.  The atmosphere is actually nicer than Reno.  The place was in good shape with the whole saloon theme here.  Wait for the buffet wasn't super long.  Food was actually alot better quality than Reno.  Tons of selection for food and entertainment.  Movie theater in here as well as arcade games.  Plus, alot of acts here so not just gambling.  Just minutes from our hotel so convenience being on Boulder Hwy.
3	The atrium is very nice, the rooms are pretty nice, the pool is heated, the cinema is over-priced, the buffet is good but has very rude servers. I must've looked like someone because one server was nice to everyone but really mean to me. I had just had surgery & needed the table to lean on to sit down, she seemed annoyed at this because I needed to get in what she felt was her space (she was a little too close to our personal space) I had a look of pain on my face as I sat down, that annoyed her as well. I filled a comment card & emailed them about how rude she was they never responded, I will never eat there again. In the past when I would eat there one time I was sat over looking the atrium which was very nice but some guy tried to reach over & steal my purse so beware of this. Lots of muggings in the parking lot & garage as well
5	I was so impressed by this place, great buffet and super inexpensive, nice clean rooms, beautiful atrium. Kids loved this place. only bad thing is the pool is kind of small.
5	Old casino, but growing up in Las Vegas, I had a lot of childhood memories watching the wolf show.
3	Mixed feelings about this place.  First reaction: damn this is far from the strip. We came here mainly as a place to crash for the weekend. The place served its purpose.  The room was clean and had enough space. It wasn't outdated so that was a plus. I ventured out to the casino floor for a bit and it wasn't anything spectacular.  Most of the tables were old and probably could have used some updating. There was a nice little walk area in the middle of the casino which was nice and had some shops around it. The thing that caught me a out this place was there was a Dunkin Donuts in the place.  It was a nice surprise since we don't have any in So. Cal and I haven't seen any since finishing school.Overall-Pros: Clean rooms, Dunkin Donuts-Cons: Far from the strip, old gambling hall
5	I love the poker room. Even if your dirt poor they cater to you at sams town like your a famous poker player. I drink and play and chill with fun players. And the staff extra professional. Yo I aint drunk im just drinking lmao.
5	Woot Woot sooooooooooooo much fun :)
5	My husband and I love Sam's Town!  The rooms are spacious, you get a free hair dryer, which helps me in packing.  They have flat screen TVs now.  You can either have a view of the mountains or the interior courtyard atrium, which is so nice.  We love to just go and sit out there and enjoy the peaceful sounds of the birds (recorded) and the sound of the stream and waterfall.  The staff has generally been nice to us.  They have a good buffet.  We've had the breakfast and dinner buffets there.  The movie theater is nice too.  A good selection of blackjack tables and video poker machines.  The sports deli is good too!  We can't wait to go back!
3	My husband surprised me with a Staycation for our anniversary Starting with valet and check-in everyone was so nice and upgraded us when my husband mentioned our anniversary..The room was nice with a coffee maker and mini fridge. The view of Mystic Falls was nice. The bell desk was prompt bringing our luggage as was housekeeping when we asked for an extra pillow. My husband tried to tip housekeeping but the gentleman slipped it back under the door.. the only reason I didn't give 4 or 5 stars was the bed..We had a king and the mattress was so worn you could feel where the two box springs met. It sagged on both sides with a hard center..Also, when we went to pick our car up from Valet, it was parked in the sun and the valet didn't help us load our luggage..
5	A great RV place! We enjoyed the lunch and dinner buffets, 3.99 breakfast, very clean park and by friendly. We loved the pool and hot tub! On one of the days we took the free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip and then the monorail to Bellagio. It's a long walk to and thru casinos on the strip, but fun to visit. Then, back to Sam's Town to enjoy the rest of our stay.
4	We have been going to Sam's Town for years and it got much better in the last couple of years with better restaurants and a revised floor layout. The slots pay pretty well, and the atmosphere is quite relaxed. It is pretty far off of the beaten path, and it is popular with the locals. It is not "Trendy", is old school comfy.If you are traveling in an RV, check out the park next door. I have heard it is very convenient and reasonably priced.
3	PROS: Rates are great for the rooms and very spacious.  The courtyard is awesome and the water/light show was nice.  Gwen at Bconnect  and the staff at the reservation desk was very friendly.                                          CONS: No basic hotel information or coffee maker in the room            Very, very few cocktail waitress's on the casino floor            Staff in the evening Logo Shop were rude and unfriendly as was most            of the staff throughout the hotel.
4	We stopped in at Sam's numerous time on our recently concluded trip primarily to gamble or visit Roxy's Lounge.  Roxy's offers live entertainment every night, but Mondays with act performing anything from Motown to country.  On Thursdays at 2PM there is a free show in Sam's Town Live (concert venue) adjoining the movie complex called Variety Toast of the Town.  Bill Fayne, former musical conducter for Clint Holmes, serves in a similar capacity for this show. which includes a live band.  The show we attended had a Latin music theme and included hosts Louis Martinez and Roseanne Talont (sp?) who performed several songs individually and as a duet including ones originated by Carmen Miranda and Tito Puente.  The other acts that afternoon included comedian Peter Vaccarelli (sp?) and signer Mark OToole.
5	This review is for the casino area and not any rooms as I did not stay here.  Having said that...welcome to my favorite casino in Las Vegas!!Okay, okay so I really didn't stay in any of the rooms, and it is located far away from the strip and the airport, and I have only been one time so perhaps I don't know what I am really talking about.  But what I do know is that Sam's Town has every piece of Vegas charm you could ask for without the price tag.I actually came here because I am a fan of the band The Killers and Vegas native Brandon Flowers named their 2nd album after this casino.  My friend and I pulled into the parking lot to find that the hundreds of parking spots all near the entrance to the casino are designed for the handicapped--and 90% of them were taken.Coming into the entry you will find a definite older (read: 65+) crowd playing slot machines.  The amount of slots at Sam's Town is insane.  Have I mentioned how HUGE Sam's Town is??  They have not one but 2 dedicated multi-level parking garages.  The slot machines are all themed some of them hilariously so like the Gone With the Wind slots and the Michael Jackson slots that have video footage of MJ doing the moonwalk as you play.  The employees who work here look bored and miserable.  We stepped up to the 2nd floor to have a drink at The Stagecoach Bar (have I mentioned that Sam's Town is western themed?) and found our bar tender with a frown on his face trying to watch a Sunday night football game.  We asked what his favorite drink to make was.  He shrugged and said nothing.  I ordered a dirty martini.  He poured it heavy in a martini glass, with 3 fat olives and it only cost $3.50.  My friend was playing the video slots buried in the bar top so her's was free.  We meandered over to the penny slots where I won fifteen...cents.  That's right.  Jealous??  You should be.  I printed the redemption ticket and took it home to hang on my cork board in my office as it bore the name Sam's Town and I'm in love.Hands down the BEST part of Sam's Town is the atrium area in the middle.  This is a courtyard type setting where the casino goes up several stories and each room's window is painted to look like it belongs in a western village from the 1880s.  The top is all glass ceiling that looks to the sky.  There is a large indoor waterfall known as Mystic Falls where they have daily and nightly shows.What kind of shows you ask?  Bad ass shows.  This performance beats the Bellagio fountains by a mile.  First off the waterfall is surrounded by mechanical animals that make real animal noises that dance when the music comes on.  There are lasers and sprays of water that shoots up 10 feet into the air and a mysterious gray wolf that shows up and howls right as the lights go down and the show begins.  If you need a place to sit to take in all the sights of the performance (and you are over 21) you can sit in the open air bar next to the falls and drink coffee with Baileys and whipped cream for $5.  I can't think of anything more exciting in all of Vegas take THAT strip clubs and Tao nightclub.  When I have my wedding reception here someday you are all invited.  I'm sure you cannot wait to come.
4	I stopped by Sam's Town to have dinner with my folks and my aunt.  We hit T.G.I.Fridays.  We had a small miscommunication about my Aunt's meal but they rectified the problem.  Our waitress was friendly, and on top of everything.  She was very professional when she had to deal with our issue and took the "CUSTOMER'S ALWAYS RIGHT" attitude.  We will definitely eat there again.We then stayed around to drop a few bucks into a couple of slot machines.  I wasn't a winner but I still had a good night anyhow.
5	This is by far my favorite place to stay in all of Vegas. Everything is here, there is no need to go anywhere else. Rooms are clean, the staff is great, Dealers are friendly. You can have the strip, Sams Town is my place!
4	The wife and I had a staycation at Sam's Town.  We spent our honeymoon there 23 years ago and thought it would be fun to go back.  The hotel and room were better than I expected.  Check in was a breeze and we were credited $20 because the room rates had dropped since we booked the room.  That was an unexpected and much appreciated.  The room was nice, clean, had a flat screen with HDMI inputs, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very clean.  All in all highly recommended.Why 4 not 5 stars.  There is a charge for internet.  No hotel will get a five star from me if they charge for internet.
4	"Finally the Rock has come to Sam's Town."  Last week he headlined the Main Event at the WWE Royal Rumble at Sam's Town Live. Once a month, Sam's Town turns into WWE town when they hold the monthly WWE pay-per-view.  Professional wrestling fans from all over Las Vegas travel to Sam's Town for the pay- per-view. Lately I have been one of them.  Although professional wrestling is staged, the entertainment of the wrestling pay-per-views at Sam's Town is real. The $5 admission for a pay-per-view that costs $50 at your house is a bargain. The entertainment begins before Sam's Town Live opens the doors for the pay-per-view. The WWE fans get really into it. Some of the conversations I hear on line are entertaining. Especially from the fans that think it is real. At the group tables, the fans get into the anticipation of the pay-per-view. And they get into the beer and snacks.  Eating and drinking at Sam's Town Live will not drain your wallet. A cup of Miller Draft beer is only $2.50. Yet people still complain because it was $1.50 a couple of pay-per-views ago. And let me write that nachos and cheese is $3 and a bag of popcorn is $2.50.  Sam's Town is smart by holding the $5 WWE pay-per-views. When I go there I spend money. Food is a big part of it.  Although I wouldn't give Sam's Town a Heavyweight Champion belt on food, it may be in the running for the Intercontinental belt for a Boulder Highway resort restaurant selection. They have a decent food court that features McDonald's, Sbarro, and Panda Express. The McDonald's makes for a nice late night snack. At the southeast entrance of the property is Subway, an ice cream parlor, and Dunkin Donuts. Whenever I visit Sam's Town it is nearly guaranteed that I pick up Dunkin Donut's coffee then drink it in Mystic Falls Park. They also have the Fireplace Buffet, TGI Friday's, a deli, and other restaurants. For the record the Fireplace Buffet ranges from okay to good.   Entertainment is another factor that brings me to Sam's Town. I appreciate the job that Sam's Town did with their Mystic Falls Park. The menagerie of wildlife robots has a way of charming people. Their laser show is first-rate. Away from the wildlife robots, Century Theater has brought me into the casino. It was a great experience seeing "Avatar" there. If I was up to bowling, I am confident that I would like the bowling alley. While I am enjoying the WWE pay-per-views, eating out, and the entertainment; the one armed bandits are never far from the back of my mind. In the 2000's, Sam's Town has buried the majority of the one armed bandits. I enjoy playing Caveman Keno on their computerized machines. The machines are far from tight, and Lady Luck has sometimes visited Sam's Town when I played there. And, whether I win or not, I am content with the cocktail waitress service.   It is possible that The Rock may have visited Sam's Town for the last time. It is certain that I will visit Sam's Town another time. When it comes to WWE pay-per-view events in Las Vegas, Sam's Town is the Heavyweight Champion.
1	we call to check on buffet waiting line on valentine's evening and the hostess was very rude and nasty. if u are working and hate ur job get another one.
4	My dad frequents this hotel often. As a result, we get a lot of vouchers for free room and food. We recently took a vacation  here during the winter. It's a nice hotel that has more of a forest/gold miner feel to it. It was decorated nicely for the winter.However,  I wouldn't say this hotel is as nice as some of the newer places on the strip AND unfortunately, this hotel is located rather far away from the strip itself. The rooms are nice and the restaurants (except for the buffet) are good but not excellent.
1	We came here for a concert - which was actually great.  Leaving the hotel was a nightmare.  300 people came outside and we proceeded to wait 2 hours for a cab that wasn't going to come out in the middle of nowhere.  The hotel didn't help make it better by communicating to us where we needed to stand, what was happening and how we were going to get home.  They just let us wait out there, calling our own cabs and when approached, the staff kept blaming each other for not anticipating that people might need cabs after a huge show.   Sadly, waiting outside was better than doing anything inside as the clientele was very "sketchy" and the tables and casino was honestly, filthy.  Avoid at all costs and if you must go there, prepare to have your own transportation service pick you up at a certain time or you will be stuck there for a very, very, very long time!!
4	I used to live in Vegas, so I really was expecting this place to be a rundown roach infested cave. I was so wrong.  The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful from the security guards, front desk, dealers, bingo ladies, and cashiers.  The bathrooms, carpets and walls were clean and well kept.  Walking into the place, didn't bombard me with smoke or stench, which was amazing! The atrium features a circular bar placed in front of  has a water, light, lazer, animatronics, show at 2pm, 6pm, 8pm, and 10pm. lasts about 7-10 minutes. Wasn't Disney's World of Color, but nice to watch anyway. We were upgraded for free to a high floor, atrium facing room. I wish the windows cracked open a bit, but I understand the safety of non-opening windows.  Room was well kept, furniture was not falling apart. bed was soft, linens clean and not ragged.  Toilet paper COTTONELL. I have never seen COTTONELL in a hotel before. Even at a 5 star hotel. Little things count! Shower was comfortable and easy to use, big tub, lots of ledges for products.  Would probably say again.
1	I would give Sam's Town 5 stars except for the beds in the guest rooms.  I had been there before and experienced hard beds and pillows, but was assured by the person making the reservation that they had just changed the mattresses.  NOT.  I think the floor would be softer.  We really liked the hotel, but will not ever stay there again.
4	I wanted to update my review on Sam's Town; as I have been coming here lately for different reasons.  Most of it food related - Billy Bob's Steak House, Willy and Jose's, T.G.I. Friday's, Subway and Panda Express.  But, every now and then, I will come to just break the monotony of my day and gamble or walk around.  So, here is my updated review:- Parking is always easy.  And, it's never a long hike to the casino.  *side note: I have used the ramps in the parking structures for cardio.  Great if you want to run hills; in a town that doesn't have them.- Sam's Town has 2 stories for gaming.  Top floor has some slots and a pretty good size Bingo Parlor (which I have never been in).  Bottom floor is where all of the action is.  Table games, slots, video poker, Keno and a pretty decent Poker Room that is away from the main drag.  And, they have daily tourney's going on.- There are bars strewn around the casino as well.  Center bar out in the atrium area, a few video poker bars, bar with live music and the 3 big restaurants all have bars in them too.- The rewards center is comparable to most other rewards centers.  If you play on your rewards card; you get comp points and you can earn free cash.  Which, you redeem at your slot machine.- The clientele, mainly locals, and they have been voted best locals casino a couple of times.  But, you have a pretty good cross section of Vegas in here.  Great place to people watch.  *Side note 2:  It's funny, reading other reviews of "how sketchy" the clientele is here.  They are really no different then what you would see anywhere else.  It's sad, really, to read reviews of those with a  judgmental elitist attitude.  Welcome to the real world! Anyhow, if your expectations are the high end resorts that you'll find on the strip.  Then don't come here.  If you are looking to pay outlandish prices that you'll find at those same resorts, this place is not for you.  But, if you want to come and have a drink, play cheap table games, watch a show, catch a movie, eat a decent meal without breaking the bank, then Sam's Town is a place that provides all of that.
3	My husband & I enjoyed staying here...our only complaint would be..they need to invest in new mattresses for the guess rooms..to sleep on peaks and valleys just doesn't cut it anymore at my age.
2	This review is for the long-term RV Park at Sam's Town. Laundry/restrooms clean enough and price is right but there was trash in common areas that was never picked up(we were there a month in our motorhome)..entire park really needs a cleanup; security might take care of this as they patrol during the day. Park not secured enough...need gates at entrance...too much theft (our bicycle was stolen)...neighborhood people around park were questionable which was uncomfortable. Windy and dusty; only the roads are paved-all else was dirt/gravel. No check in office at long-term site and no signs posted as to where to go to main office; we were always directing people...this is terrible customer service though staff at main office was nice and helpful.  We probably would not stay here again.
5	If I could rate this place more then 5 stars I would, that's how nice this place is. The rooms exceeded my expectations they very nice and clean. I used the valet quite a few times and they were friendly and nice. I loved the mystic falls park the greenery, the water falls, so nice. Literally this place is like a little town. There's a post office, dunkin donuts, ice cream store, subway, Friday's, movie theater, 24 hour bowling alley, a pool, 12 different bars in the casino and one of them was a western themed bar, which was very cool. My stay here was so soothing relaxing because this place was so much fun.
5	I really liked this place. I went to the buffet and it was great. Very home-like; like a big family. The people are friendly and the atmosphere was warm. A meat-n-potatoes buffet, casual and comfortable. I would return, though I moved to the southwest part of town. If my boyfriend and I are ever driving past it, I'll tell him to pull in to Sam's Town. Totally recommended. Have fun! :)
4	It's not the Bellagio. And it's not on the Strip. But dollar for dollar, this may be the best value in Las Vegas.It's easy to get to, via the 515 freeway. The valet is free, and you'd better tip him when you're not paying anything to valet park.  Check in was a breeze, and the indoor forest and waterfall are kind of a hoot.Had no expectations of what the room would be like. All I can say is that I was blown away. Maybe I got lucky and got bumped up, but ended up on the eighth floor in a suite that was beyond dazzling. Very comfortable bed. Would have been nice to have had a fourth pillow and one more blanket. That says something about the power of the air conditioning.Breakfast buffet the next morning notable for its copiosity (that's not a word, but it should be)...what was lost in quality was made up for in plate size. The coffee was good and the pineapple outstanding. Really. At the price for room and breakfast, who is going to complain about the turkey sausage being on the rubbery side?Movie 18-plex accessible from the lobby. I understand there's bowling too.Can't comment on the casino. In the words of Adam Sandler in The Waterboy:  "Casinos?  Momma says that casinos are the DEVIL."Enjoy.
5	I LOVE Sam's Town! I am not a local and have been coming here for 8 years.  I love everything about it.  If you want to stay out of the Vegas heat Sam's Town has plenty to do without leaving the casino.Large Bowling AlleyMulti plex theaterArcadepool and hot tubTons of dining optionsIndoor park with waterfalls, creek, "animals", water show, and laser show when it gets dark. The roof if all glass so there is a ton of natural light coming in on the park.Various entertainmentBingoAnd of course gamblingThe rooms have always been clean and modern and the suites have a good amount of space. Ask for a park view room and you won't be disappointed.The run a FREE shuttle to the strip and downtown several times a day.Always plenty of parking if you park yourself.Right across the street is Wal-Mart incase you forgot something.
5	Ive been coming here for years! So kicked back and small bingo hall so you have more chances to win amd i always win at bingo when i come to sams!
4	Spectacularly craptastic.  For the money, it can't be beat.  But you definitely have to put yourself in that "think of how much a GOOD hotel anywhere near the strip would cost compared to this" state-of-mind. Highlights: Star Wars Trilogy slots.  LOVED these. These slots alone bumped this place from my initial 3-star rating to 4-stars.  The omelet bar at the breakfast buffet - tip that girl...she's working hard for the $$ and that omelet was DE-FRIGGIN-LICIOUS.  Be sure you are in the breakfast buffet line by 9am, they close at 10 am and if the line is long, you are s.o.l. - I suggest heading over to TGIF as they have some very decently-priced breakfast specials. Movie theater - love having the option to take a break from "barely breaking even" to take in a comedy (we saw "Heat"... quite funny!).  The so-bad-it's-good laser fountain show featuring the animatronic howling wolf, waving bear, twitching & growling cougar, and screeching eagle.   I actually dug the whole atrium scene... very good use of that space.  I fancied myself sitting on a bench out there reading Pride & Prejudice on my Kindle (if only I had a Kindle) whilst sipping a frappucino.  Didn't actually do that but just knowing that I COULD if I really wanted to was enough for me.  The bowling alley -- although I didn't bowl, if you don't at least appreciate a 56-lane bowling alley in a casino you just ain't right. The bad... our room (465) kinda sucked.  The view was of the casino rooftop.  We didn't have the super-exclusive Emerald Card (we are mere low-life Rubies) so apparently didn't qualify for one of the rooms overlooking the atrium.  The air conditioner unit is VERY LOUD when it cycles on and off - and by loud I mean it literally sounds like someone is trying to bust down the door to break into your room.  If you can sleep through that, you should be golden. There is a spotlight on the casino roof aimed right at the window that not even the very adequate room-darkening curtains could quite block out.  However, for $29 a night which included 2 free breakfast buffets for each night booked (we booked through Travelocity), I wasn't expecting the Taj Majal.  The room was very clean and nicely decorated with an updated bathroom and frankly we didn't spend enough time in there anyways for this to negatively impact my rating of this place.  The prime rib dinner buffet... YUCK. Not one thing tasted right.  The second night we were there we ate McDonald's and Panda Express in the food court and it was much better, if that gives you any idea. We were also quite happy with our TGIF meals.   We witnessed a full-on assault in the casino of a man attacking his wife because she would not give him her winnings.. he was choking and beating her right by the Keno machines.  Security did respond rather quickly and caught him.  When we ventured out of the casino to walk across the street to a Chase Bank, a homeless guy threatened to kill us in the crosswalk as we were crossing. I was THISCLOSE to pepper-spraying his ass but he probably just had Tourette's and he did keep a polite distance while yelling profanities and shaking his fist at us. (Word the the wise... DON'T WALK AROUND OUTSIDE THE HOTEL. The hotel is pretty self-sufficient so this shouldn't be a problem unless someone in your party (Sandy, I'm looking at you) fails to bring enough cash and then doesn't want to pay the $6 fee for using an ATM in the casino.) The pool... I've seen bigger pools at people's houses, with 20 billion fewer kids.  Ix-nay on the ool-pay.
3	The Sam's Town Poker Room is decent.  It's tucked away in the corner of the casino, but is a close walk to 1 of the 2 parking garages.  It's a lot of regulars, so expect to see some familiar faces.  If not for one game, very low limit stud, I would give this place 2 stars.  But, they spread $1-$5 stud with a quarter ante.  It's a very small game with a lot of regulars.  But, I learned poker in casinos on stud, before Moneymaker won the main event and everyone starting spreading 95% NLHE.  The stud game starts at 7 am and usually goes to noon or so, but I've seen it until 2 pm.  So, get there early.  They have a bunch of low limit NLHE tourneys and good promotions.  The dealers are friendly and every one I have seen is experienced and keeps the game moving.
5	This place is a great casino that is off the strip.  When we come back to Vegas we're coming here.
4	Been coming here often for three months. I work in the gaming industry and spent 15yrs in food and bev so thats what I focus on. The buffet is a good value, they change up the menu monthly. Try the mango sorbet, yum. Hours are limited and there is usually a line. Ask for Jan she's been there 20 yrs always up and positive (that's not easy)by far the best server. Tablegames has some issues. They pool tips and avg about $40 a nite, so the dealer customer service is usually poor. If sams really wanted "the friendliest dealers in town" they would work for their own tips. Usually not enough tables open. $5. Doubledeck blkjk.just not enough of them. No non smoking tables. I only play video poker there now. Lots of video poker machines, seem pretty loose. Play on the 2nd floor, better ventilation, more space. Waterfall area is nice. Dont wander outside, this area is high crime and plagued with meth addicts. Definitely a locals casino.Best on the boulder strip, a good value.
4	Nice RV park. People are so pleasant. They really know customer service. Neat and Clean common areas. No complaints. Stayed over a month.
2	The BF and I stayed here this past weekend because we booked last minute and this was the cheapest option at 70$ per night. Let me start by saying, although this place isn't bad, I never want to stay here again. The room was fine, but the bed was old and uncomfortable and the bathroom had random hairs all over....the cleaning was pretty far from thorough. My main complaint, though, is although they have a shuttle to the strip, it ends at 9 pm....so obviously, we had to cab back....and the cab ride cost 35$....whoa. There goes the savings. I can see staying here with a family as they do have a lot of things all under one roof....movies, bowling, casino, restaurants, and even an animatronic show....It's just not for me.
4	I've had many stays at Sam's Town over the years, and it's always going to hold a special place in my heart, as it was the second casino hotel I'd ever stayed in on my first trip to Vegas back in 2004.It basically hasn't changed much over the years, and I've never had any major issues with customer service or employees, but one thing that's majorly stood out is the fact that the slots here have really tightened up over the years.  I'm an avid gamer and know that all machines have loose and tight spells regardless of location, but there's been a noticeable difference here nowadays vs. how it was a decade ago.  It seems like the place was once a good secret that got ruined by letting too many outsiders know about it.  I usually play traditional reel slots at the dollar level, and learned several trips ago that this isn't the best place to play anymore! I haven't seen too many new machines on my past few trips - it appears they just keep moving them around.Sbarro, Panda Express and McDonald's in the food court are always cheap, surefire bets, and the two trips I had to the Firelight Buffet were excellent. Although even the comp line was a little long for the Sunday Champagne Brunch, it was well worth the wait. The bowling center on the basement level has always been great, is open 24 hours a day, and often has reduced rates on lane charges and shoe rentals during the graveyard hours.During my last visit, the rooms still appeared to be in great shape.  Nothing too overdone as far as decor, and the old-skool televisions have been replaced with flat panels.  I'd highly recommend asking for an outer-facing room, meaning one which does not have an atrium view - although the atrium is great and the show is awesome at first, it gets a bit loud and overbearing after a while, particularly after listening it to it several times per day.  There are times during the presentation where those nearby rooms actually shake! All in all, Sam's Town is still a great place, and I'd still recommend it to everyone. You can often find reduced room rates on their website, and the comps are pretty generous, provided you keep your play levels up.  Keep in mind that it's not a Strip-type casino - it's much more laid back with alot of older, local clientele and better payouts.
4	Great locals casino for more low key gaming without all of the bright flashing lights and loud obnoxious noises usually associated with a casino. Has a subway and an ice cream parlor at the entrance, so this place is as normal as it gets and not at all fancy. Came recently for an event- WWEs Summer Slam PPV was screened on a series of three large projection screens in the tournament room for a $5 cover, complete with various concessions offered, such as hit dogs, nachos, and $2 beers, much like you'd find at the event itself. Though I don't think that was intentional.Food was okay and prices were reasonable, view was good and seating was both plentiful and well-placed, even for those of us who only arrived with a half hour to spare before show time. So,eons mentioned that reserved seats had been available, but from our seats a 1/3 of the way back, we could see and hear everything well so I don't know that I'd bother.
2	Roofing, in Las Vegas, in August.  I get it, it's the ninth circle of Hell for the roofers.  But it was also a non-requested wake-up call after the first night of my stay.Reserved a NON-SMOKING room with TWO beds six weeks in advance of visiting Sam's town, and on check-in we were told that that the only non-smoking room available had only ONE bed.   As I'm not that close with my traveling companion, we opted for the available two-bed SMOKING room.   By any chance, do you remember how the living room smelled for MONTHS after your chain-smoking grandmother would visit?  Good!  Then you've got the picture.  Our room -- which was otherwise clean and nicely appointed -- might as well have been located in an ashtray.  Fast forward through several hours of choking, red-eyed near-sleep to 5:00 am, when I hear horrific banging coming from somewhere above the ceiling.  "Terrific," my sleep-deprived self is thinking at that point, "some geriatric high roller got lucky downstairs in the casino and moved the party up...  ."  Wrong.  There was no floor above me, I was on the hotel's highest floor.  As I faded into greater consciousness, I recognized the sounds of construction.  It was the Roofers' Revile.  Later that day we were moved into a non-smoking 5th floor room that became available.  Did I already mention we'd reserved a non-smoking room SIX WEEKS prior?  At any rate, this room was also clean and well-appointed, with no further unauthorized wake-up calls.  As other reviewers have noted, the price is unbeatable.  At least, the basic room price was a bargain.  Irritating to me was the "resort fee" which is tacked onto each night's stay, ostensibly to cover charges such as room WiFi, shuttles to the strip, and other 'amenities.'  In our case, that was $9.99/night.  In reality, the 'resort fee' is nothing more than a pricing scam which allows the hotel to advertise a 'bargain room' while in fact slipping in another ten bucks to the room's cost.  [This particular scam is not unique to Sam's Town, it's typical for many Vegas resorts.]Ten bucks a night, for WiFi that's given away nearly anywhere else and a shuttle for which I had no use.  There wasn't even a gym on site, which MIGHT have justified the extra cost.  The saving grace of the experience was the buffet, which according to my companion was modest by Vegas standards but unlike anything I've ever experienced.  By signing up for a 'players club,' I was given discounted entry to the evening prime rib buffet:  $9.99/person.  It was phenomenal.  I rarely eat beef, but when I do, I like GOOD beef.  This was exceptional.  The slab of prime rib I was given covered half the plate, and it was perfectly cooked, buttery soft, blood rare beef.  Gawed, it makes me salivate just remembering the sumptuous, beefy goodness, and they were happy to load you down with more.  There were BBQ ribs, hamburgers, baked beans, baked potatoes, steak fries, cole slaw....just yards and yards of far-better-than average buffet fare.  You are utterly mistaken if you believe this to be HomeTown Buffet on steroids; it was real food prepared by cooks who knew something about the culinary arts.  There's the presence of a chef or team of chefs clearly evident in the offerings here.By the way, our stay included complimentary breakfast each morning, for which I was expecting coffee, rolls, and orange juice.  In fact, breakfast was served on the same buffet line as dinner had been the previous evening, and it was an equally extravagant meal.  Ever had machaca prepared with shredded prime rib?  That was on the menu, along with every breakfast starch imaginable:  Oatmeal, rice, grits, hash browns, home fries, tortillas, toast, croissants and bagels.  Add any meat you'd expect, a slab of ham or a chicken fried steak, sausage, bacon, or turkey links, then scrambled eggs, a custom omelet, a bowl of cereal, some yogurt, fruit, or granola.  Unlimited beverages complete your meal, and should you have room, the dessert cases yield still more choices.  You're on your own there, I couldn't even touch one after eating.  Stay somewhere else in Vegas, come to Sam's Town for the buffet.
4	This review is for the casino only.  They are one of the few Vegas casinos that have the table game Deuces Wild.  They also have TONS of slots, and they are pretty loose!  The dealers are really cool.  The waitresses (more than one) seem to have a lil' attitude, and don't put straws in your drinks - you have to ask for one, and then she takes her dirty money/chip-taking hand and grabs an unwrapped straw out of a cup and puts it in your drink...  kinda gross.  :(The clientele is either really old or kinda ghetto, just sayin'!  There was a chick in the bathroom that pissed through her pants and also all over the floor in front of the sinks in the bathroom.  Her sister was cleaning it up with paper towels and meanwhile drunk lady was walking around with no pants/underwear on.  Some crazy drama, wow.There was also a gay convention going on when I visited, so it made for some interesting peeps, haha.  I really liked this casino, loved that it wasn't overly crowded.  I'll be coming back!
2	I received a response from the hotel's representative, and while sympathetic to my concerns there was no action taken to address them.  C'mon folks, we're talking about a simple fix that should have been a no-brainer:  You charged me for a night's lodging, you didn't provide the comfortable, quiet experience I expected to receive, you could comp me a night on my next stay.  Instead, you've made a token apology.  It's all about the numbers in Vegas, and a number as small as mine apparently doesn't count.    :0/
4	This review is for the RV Park as well as the Casino.  The  checkin process is fast and painless and they give you an excellent map to your parking spot.  The bathrooms were clean.  The trash was picked up daily.    I needed a few things and was directed to WalMart across the street because the store carries not much.  The casino was clean and fun.  Had dinner at Willy and Jose's.  Very good dinner but the receptionist's attitude toward a single older lady needs work.   Had dinner the second night at Billy-Bob's for steak dinner.  Again very good dinner.  The staff was excellent -everyone from the receptionist to the person clearing tables had a smile and a thank you.   The shuttle to the Fremont works well.   I had a nice time and would stay here again.
4	Campy, little Sam's Town.. Reminds my of Reno every time I go in here.The atrium is interesting, little robotic animals, and a huge waterfall, with a little "show" cute as a bugs ear.The Mexican food here is pretty good, and the steak house is really good.Sit down at the bar plunk in a few bucks on video poker and get a beer, pretty decent.I have had friends that stayed here so I have seen the rooms as well, pretty decent, and cheaper than on the strip. The pool is a joke, like a pool your neighbor has in the yard, large for the back yard, small as all get out for a casino. In reality it was pretty peaceful, and small. ((Tip=NEVER get all the way in a pool in Vegas)) You can figure it out I am sure.There is RV parking here, and it is off Boulder HWY, so there is an interesting group of people that stay here, harmless older folk, sweet as pie, walkers and all...
2	Sam;s Town is just OK.  There are a ot of penny and 5 cent slots.  The staff was nice.  The buffet was terrible.  We didn't have a special card so it was 12.99 a person instead of 7.99, but you won't find that out until you're at the cashier.  Even for 7.99 the food was terrible.  I got food poisoning at TGI Friday's, so stay clear of there.  The bar in the middle of the atrium was very nice and the atrium is the only part of this hotel that was really great.  The light show is really cool, but that's about it.  The room was clean but the view of the roof next door was not impressive.  We wouldn't go back.
3	If you want to visit Vegas, but don't want to stay on the strip (or can't afford to stay on the strip) this is a decent alternative. This is an all in one place to stay. Yes, they have a hotel and casino, and the worst Friday's I've ever been to in my entire life, but they do have a full Movie Cineplex and Bowling Alley on site. Good place for the family...stuff to do, cheap food (there's a McDonald's, Panda Express and Dunkin' for cheap quick and familiar food).If you want to stay cheaply, avail yourself of their onsite RV campground for under $30 a day! Full hook-ups and cable make it very nice to stay there, and just a few steps away from the casino.Sam's Town also has daily shuttles to the strip and Freemont street if you want to go hang for the day, so it is a very well suited location for 'off the beaten path' Vegas stays.
3	Great place for a busy and aged hotel; the nicest part is it's in open lobby with a waterfall and cute shops!
2	I took my family to this hotel for Thanksgiving.  I arrived at 2 and wasn't able to check in due to someone was still on our room and they still had to clean it. Was told come back in 2 hours. Took my family bowling downstairs to kill time came back upstairs to check in to say sorry we don't hold rooms and we gave your room away. The person that told me this was hiding behind the office door wasn't going to come out and talk to me. So now my family want's to check in and gave away our room finally they gave us another view room. WHen I went downstairs to complain to the manager i Told him this is not acceptable and I believe someone needs to applogize to me for doing this. NOpe he didn't care at all never said sorry. I was pissed said would not come back again. The room didn't have the air working either. We decided to leave a day early since room wasn't acceptable to find out my sons Angel Pillow Pet pillow as stollen from the room when they cleaned it. Who does this? Soo not right . Customer service sucked.
4	The light shows here are super cool.I love their decorations, and even though it's no Bellagio Gardens, I dig it...almost makes me feel like I'm not in Las vegas.While we haven't eaten/gambled here, we have stopped by Calamity Jane's ice cream shop. Which serves dryers..... I could have got that at the store, but okay.When we were there, the employee was quite involved in a conversation, with non customers. She seemed pretty irritated that we interrupted that.
5	We stayed here for a week during CES, and we had a great experience. The rooms were clean and were well kept. The cleaning staff was very nice. Like:Dinner buffet - fresh oysters, king crab, salad barIndoor waterfallPlenty of parking - outdoor parking as well (excellent security--there is a security staff checking the parking lot throughout the day)Competitively priced roomsWould highly recommend Sam's Town Hotel & Gambling hall for your Vegas stay.
4	Great rates, amenities, and decent food . Gambling has all you can ask for including a nice size sports book. Great golf nearby and in house activities. Only complaint is parking. Never seen so many handicap parking spaces and I'm sorry these passes are being abused. Not too far from the strip.
1	Regarding RV Park: If you show up late they will give your spot away and still charge you.As per the comment from the own below. We had paid for the entire weekend in advance. It shouldn't have mattered if we showed up late or not at all. It was paid. I believe its illegal to double book like that.
1	Staff was rude. Hotel room was ice cold and I found a dead roach behind the toilet. No tables were open. Like 2 and they closed 1 hour early. Pass this one bye. I found all the other hotels in the area to be nicer with much better rooms and gambling options.
4	I liked this casino, was lively, clean, everybody was friendly.  I lost money here but my boyfriend won and I enjoyed watching him play.  Crap tables were fun, coffee house was good, food was good.
4	Every bit the 'locals' casino it bills itself to be but with an RV park on site to draw on-the-cheap travelers as well I have to admit I kind of enjoy the divey vibe of Sam's Town.  Ample in parking without all the hassles intrinsic to the strip plus great deals of films in their recently revamped theaters and a huge bank of penny slots plus $3 Blackjack and Poker this is the sort of place where a little money can go a long way towards having a good time and although food options are sorely lacking there are plenty of local spots worth checking out within a short drive.  Convenient and clean plus a straight shot down the road from work, suffice it to say I think I've found my new go-to movie theater and quirky little hangout for wasting a few bucks over the course of a few hours.
5	LOVE Sams Town. Great restaurants, good drinks, movie theather. Love this Casino and hotel!
3	we go to sam's town for their cheap buffet  .the food is ok regular homestyle food nothing fancy but pretty good. roast beef is tough though.  always play the willie wonka slot machine i usually win less than $20  never lose on that machine. didn't realize they had a theater there, have to try that one day.
3	Pretty cool little casino that I happen to stop in while staying at the Eastside Cannery Casino which is right next to Sam's Town.. The property has a unique indoor water fall and light show so it stands out from some of the other properties around Las Vegas.. I did not get to sample the restaurants or bars but the gaming selection was decent and I had fun for the few hours I gambled and wandered around the Boyd gaming property..
5	They Love Locals and Seniors. Both get extra special treatment!!! The light show is Fab and though the casino is older its homey. The movie theater is extra special to me, it has the BEST popcorn around, lol. Seniors get special rates. The machines are pretty loose and as a club member you get tons of perks.
4	I was very happy with our stay for 4 days last week. Visitors from years passed told us it had really "gone downhill" from the "old days." Maybe my standards are just lower, but we paid less than $40 (this included $11.99 resort fees*Snort*) so I will qualify my review as For a $40 Room....it was clean, it was quiet in our room, and we won money at the casino. What more d'ya want? I can't wait to go again. The movie theatre was a nice respite on a hot, windy day, and the buffet was a great price and very decent food. It's a 15 minute drive down busy Tropicana Dr to reach the Strip. By the time you've been run over by a drunk on a Rascal and smoked enough second hand smoke to have a disease, you will be thankful to return to Sams Town. Why not 5 stars? I didn't win enough to retire. And it was a great stay... For a $40 room.
4	Is there any plans of shown ing the Mayweather fight this weekend I really would like to see this fight so can anyone tell me anything ?
4	I have always liked Sam's Town.  It is one of my favorite locals casinos though I never went in there to gamble and I rarely go in there these days as I don't live near it any longer.  Usually I go to Sam's for a movie or bowling.  They have a great theatre and a nice bowling alley.  They also have a nice selection of restaurants to choose from.  TGI Fridays, Subway, McDonalds, Panda Express, Willy and Jose's, Billy Bob's Steak House all grace the premises.  They used to have one the best buffets around too.  It was even featured on a Rachel Ray TV show.  Its been a long time since I have tried the buffet so I cannot in good conscience vouch for it at this time.  But it used to be pretty good.  Another thing I really like about Sam's Town is the indoor park with water/laser show and animatronic animals.  I took my grandparents there.  Grandparents who don't gamble and don't care to be in casinos.  They loved it.  It is a beautiful place and almost makes you feel like you have left Las Vegas.  That is a good thing in our book.
4	The hotel has great appeal. Love the wooded forest area with water works. They also have a handful of restaurants inside as well. Nothing too fancy here, and that's ok. The only complaint I have is the low shower heads and odd water sprayer. The water temp is also touchy when trying to control it. If I had to stay off the strip again I would be comfortable doing so here. Also the buffet is not the greatest but you get what you pay for.
3	Sam's town seems to be on the decline, it's a $30 cab ride to or from the strip, and the well advertised "free shuttle" to and from the strip stops operating at 9:30, basically guaranteeing if you go to the strip to see a show, you'll have to pay $30 to get back to your hotel.The buffet is significantly on the decline, it's nice, but the food is not "Vegas" quality, it appears it once was, but no longer, it does have two good restaurants in the lobby area.  The lobby area includes a pretty nice sort of indoor plant and waterfall area that had an interesting laser light show twice a night.Hotel is pretty much full of old people, so if you're looking for the crazy Vegas experence, this isn't the place.   On the positive end, they have. A $3 pass line 20x odds craps table...that's pretty rare in Vegas.
4	Been in here many times over the years. I wish they still had the dance hall saloon.The Mexican restaurant Willy and Jose's is awesome. If you need to buy yourself some western garb this is a great place to do it at.Nice movie theater here.I've spent a night or two here and have never had any complaints with their rooms.
3	I actually like this hotel. It is cozy and the rooms overlook a big Atrium with a waterfall setting. The Buffet, Steakhouse and Mexican restaurant are all great.The pool is a tad disappointing and so is the central air in the rooms, but at the price you pay this is a nice stay.
3	Went to the buffet today and was very disappointed! Hadn't been for awhile and it has gone downhill considerably. While the service was good, the quality of the food and the quantity of the selections left much to be desired. At least the Coconut Creme Pie was good!
4	Had the best time only bad thing but not really is only T.G.I.F does room service.
1	This hotel/casino is off the strip and reeks of smoke. Granted, 9 out of 10 gamblers at the hotel smoke constantly while gambling so hard to control I suppose. They do have a small non-smoking slots area...but no such area for table games like blackjack or craps. As a non-smoker, it's a real turnoff. The food options are ok...nothing like the amazing food you can eat on las vegas blvd strip hotels. The hotel rooms are nice, but nothing special. If you can handle the smoke and are ok with a very average experience, it's a fine place to visit. Not for me I'm afraid.
5	Laid back and fun casino. Far enough off the strip so no crazies, but close enough so you can go crazy yourself.
4	Nice place, the bed was comfortabl, the food choices were good, the buffet was just above ok.  I came for a bowling tournament this time, but I would come back again.
1	Okay so I went here last night to see Edge of tomorrow in 3D. The Theatre was great and you can buy Ice cream in a cone and its blue bell... However, I was there an hour early so I decided to gamble a bit... I was never offered a drink in the hour I was gambling... this when I finally found a server she said she was not working in the area I was gambling . So when the girl finally came Ordered my WATER (she was very aggravated  and waited.... the girl never came... by this time I was already 8 min late to my movie ... 1 hr and 8 min for WATER!!! Never going there again service sucks!
4	I have to say it: I LOVE this place. Favorite areas for me include the wild forest and the "LIVE ANIMALS" in there, the bear, cougar, deer, coyote, too! It reminds me of Colorado, where I grew up and spent so much time in the mountains around animals just like those depicted in that exhibit! The falls are realistic too, VERY MUCH SO! Where do I begin on the rest? Where oh! Where? I love the Sports Book, the cashier/sellers all very friendly and helpful. Good atmosphere to enjoy racing or sports like basketball, baseball, hockey, etc. The restaurants at Sam's Town are all excellent. For budget reasons I usually eat at the very fine buffet, have enjoyed several meals there and am always very satisfied with food quality (superb), and ambiance (very good) and service (great). I haven't stayed there yet, but can that as a retreat from it all type place in the future. I live on West side of Vegas, so an East side place would be good!
4	"Very nice off-strip location"Many people only go to Las Vegas to stay and play on the Strip. Others want a nice place to gamble, and visit a few sites, and get great value. Sam's Town is the later. Their prices are very reasonable. They have a laser/water show in their central Mystic Falls Park, as well as dining options and a central bar. In the many times I have stayed here in past years, I have not been disappointed. Not a gourmet buffet, but again, the price is right. However, you'll want to watch for long lines - the locals love this place, and offers abound. Use your player's card and watch for daily specials! Some shopping (see their website for offerings) and, for the family, a bowling alley in the basement! Also attached is a multiplex. Rooms are nice sized, but need some updating. Room options face either outside or toward the interior Mystic Falls Park - although the interior rooms tend to go early. Be sure to request what you want when you reserve! The casino air is relatively fresh, not like some of the close-by off strip locations. Overall it's a great value for the price, the location, and the offerings. Casino play pretty much like all the others. OH, they have a free shuttle going to the Strip (Harrah's) as well as downtown to Fremont Street. So, keep the car parked and enjoy a cocktail without the hassle of parking or DUI worries as you visit the Linq or Fremont Street Experience.
4	I like to start my review with always 3 stars The dealers are decent. It's a little bit hard to park and navigate the property, so I recommend Valet (-1 star). Valet is underground and keep your car (+1 star). This local casino is one with five dollar blackjack and you can find the craps table full of people in the morning. However, the people can't follow basic black jack rules! (-1 star). Because it's an older casino you would expect that you come out smelling like smoke. However I took a sniff of my shirt and there is no trace after being there for two hours (+1 star). This is a Boyd Property. Water is not generic and is Aquafina. (+1 star). All in all, good experience. I am a local and did not stay at a hotel.
2	When I first moved here, I used to love this casino.  It's an older casino, in a not-so-good part of town, but I always did well in there and I thought the staff was nice and the restaurants were decent.  Love the fact they have a 24-hour Dunkin' Donuts in there.  However, Boyd Gaming has gotten greedy.  They've tightened up the machines.  The quality of the food in the restaurants has nose-dived.  And they are stingy with the comps.  I plan on going in there for the Dunkin' Donuts, but that's about all.  Thanks for ruining a good casino, Boyd.
5	My family and I was here the last week.  First trip to las Vegas and we stay here three night.  We love it. The personal was so attentive.  The place it's clean and very calm. We Enjoy a lot. My kids love the theather, the arcade, McDonald's, bowling, the pool, the buffet and the show. It was a lovely experience. Definitely we stay here again. The only thing it's that you have to past for the casino to go anyplace inside. But I think maybe it will be this same in every hotel with a casino.
4	This was my first visit. I must say I was really impressed! The staff was very nice and attentive. The hotel rooms were clean and comfortable. The prices are good too! Great place for families and anyone who just wants a nice relaxing place to stay in Vegas. They have free shuttles that will take you downtown or to the Strip if you want to go experience the chaos of Vegas, but you can come back to a nice, clean, relaxing place! I will be back and bring the family next time!
2	Last week was my first time staying in one of the hotel rooms at SAMs Town. When I walked through the "magical forest" I looked up and seen how the rooms faced the inside where the forest was. I thought how neat! When I finally checked into my room and went up to the elevator to check it out I was disappointed of the outside view where my room was at. It surprised me that some of the rooms face the inside of the  hotel and  some rooms faced the outside view were it faces the forever busy Boulevard street.Overall the room was okay....you pay for what you get.
4	I have been here on several occasions because it is close to my house but this last time I finally got the B Connected Card. I really wanted it for the discounts at the buffet because it saves you about $2-3 per person (Keep in mind though that its only two people per one card. . ). If you earn 50 points within the first 24 hours of receiving it you get a complimentary gift. You get to choose between a woman/mans watch or a t-shirt. I got a watch:) . . . What I love about this place is the Mystic Falls Park! It looks best at night because a romantic atmosphere is created with all the dim lights. So it is perfect to enjoy some drinks at the bar which is located right in the center of it all. . .
5	I was a bit apprehensive when my sis booked us at Sam's Town off the strip but I know she loved her last stay there which was her first. I must say how plesantly surprised I was when we enterted the hotel lobby, I love the magical forest ( has laser shows several times a day) we walked through en route to get the front desk. The entire staff from front desk to house keeping are very friendly and helpful, when I needed directions to the deli, the lady walked me there rather pointing the way. I appreciate that because it shows they care.I had a nice room but my sis got a beautiful deluxe suite with walk-in shower and the special tub with a door. This is a first class hotel with unbelieveable rates, my 3 nights was only $103.00 :-)We had steaks at Billy Bob's Steak House in the hotel, I had the very tender medium rare ribeye, it was grilled to perfection, you could almost cut it with a fork. Do also try the buffet and the 24 Hr Deli.Their slot machines are fantastic too, sis and I played Avitar penny slot and did really good. You can bet we'll be back for my birthday in Oct :-)
3	Well I been bowling everday this week. And tonight was the last ill bowl there.Its like everyone hates there job in the bowling area or something. And for a Friday night why rude bartenders.  Gave them to many chances to improve. Guess im the dumb ass who kept going.Just cheapest bowling in town. :/ Was cool as hell though tonight but staff sucks
4	HORRIBLE BUFFET! TGIFridays is good as usual with a great staff.  The layout is great and there is no shortage on gambling options. Can't wait for the construction to be done.
4	Strictly came here for Roseman University's Pharmacy School White Coat Ceremony.It was held in Sam's Town Live Theater and the place was very spacious and the stage was incredibly beautiful.  The backdrop was a dark starry night looking backdrop and it was quite beautiful.What made the theater even better was there were video cameras projecting live images of those on stage to big screens set-up in front of the audience.  Great job by the staff at the theater making this a special day for the new pharmacy students.Hopefully Roseman University will continue to use Sams Town in the future.PS.  The forest in the middle of the casino played a great backdrop for students to take pictures with their families after the ceremonies concluded.
4	Really ejoyed this place.  It has a pool.  Bowling alley. Movie theater.  Laser waterfall show. Buffet.  A free shuttle ride to the strip.  Its benefits is a little slower pace and a getaway from the crazyness. It maybe a 3 star hotel in Vegas but other places it would be a 5 star.  Staff was friendly. Rooms were adequate. Im come back.
5	It's not on the strip. We were just driving thru LV, so wanted stay outside of strip. It's a really fun place, but it is hard to find the registration desk. The center garden is really pretty and nice. They are all real plants. They have cool laser show too.
1	Went to Sams Town for a friends wedding. My first impression was what a nice looking hotel. They have a beautiful enclosed atrium with plants, water effects and a laser light show. This is where the wonderful started and this is also where it ended.Due to thunderstorms we got into Las Vegas late and since the hotel doesn't provide shuttle service to a airport which is only 6.5 miles away we had to catch a taxi which cost $27.00. We checked into the rooms and when we opened the doors we discovered that even though we had prepaid for interior rooms overlooking the atrium, we were given exterior rooms overlooking the parking garage. It was late so I decided to deal with the problem in the morning. The next morning I spoke with the front desk who informed me that I had indeed prepaid for two interior rooms however the day that I checked in they had overbooked the interior  by 17 rooms. I inquired about moving to the correct rooms on this day and I was told that it would be impossible as the had overbooked by 30 rooms on this day. Then to my absolute amazement the person working at the counter said to me  " and you know why they overbook. It's because they don't care". I was floored with the candor that this person spoke with. This statement would prove to be true throughout the entire weekend.At the wedding we were treated rudely by the wait and banquet staff to the point that we felt that we were there for their benefit and not the other way around. One lady actually had the banquet manager belittle her because she asked for a pitcher of water for an elderly lady that was coughing non-stop. This individual had the nerve to say to her "we opened the venue five minutes early what more do you want". When she said fine tell me where the pitchers are and I'll get it for her he told her no you sit down and I do it when I have time. My wife, who was singing at the event was told by the staff to use the employee restroom off the side of the event since she was working the event. When she did use it one of the staff started hollering at her and told her that whoever told her that she could use it did not have the authority to do so. We ate dinner at the on-site Mexican restaurant and while there my wife and daughter ran over to the Shepler's to purchase some clothes for our granddaughter prior to their closing for the night. The food that my wife ordered arrived to the table while she was away and I asked the waitress to cover it until she returned. I had the waitress actually  look me in the eyes and say to me, "what, she couldn't wait to eat her food first". I beg your pardon.  Just who the hell do you people think that you are. Don't even try and go to the Sunday Brunch. The wait is 30 minutes to the hour plus that we waited in line. It's not that it's busy. While we were in line I counted 17 tables directly in front of the windows that were empty and remained so the entire time that we were. Once we were at the cashier to pay to gain entry I noticed another room with over a dozen tables empty. This cheap place doesn't hire enough staff to handle a normal crowd at the self serve buffet and instead of placing pressure on the kitchen and wait staff the make the paying guest wait in long lines in plain view of unoccupied tables.The final event that happened was much like the first one. As I checked out there was a security officer who thought that his job was to stand in front of the counter and talk to the woman working there. I stood there for at least a minute until she was able to get him to step to the side. As I checked out I mentioned to him that there  was a loud alarm going off which he confirmed to me and told me that it was the escalator and that someone had lifted the cover to the emergency stop button. He told me that it hadn't been taken care of because "no one cares". There is that statement again for the second time from two unrelated people. He then mentioned that it should have turned off the escalator but it hadn't. He said that he was going to go and put the cover back to the closed position and the woman working behind the counter advised him not to as he would get into trouble. He replied with,"So. How much more trouble can I get into?". It is obvious that there are issues here. It is very telling when you hear from two different employees that nobody cares. It is disrespectful  and unacceptable for any employee to ever speak to customers the way that this group does and these were only a few of the things that happened not only to us but to others around us who had similar complaints.
3	Nice basic LV hotel.Clean, nothing special.I spoke here at a topical conference, but the venue was mediocre.You can rent 1,2, or 3 nites here to sleep OK.Nothing more.
3	This is a very pretty place. The courtyard is really cool. I felt like it was a place for older folks though. Video poker was ok. We ate at the buffet place and it was ok. I think I have an "it's ok" trend starting with this review. I really can't say anything was bad, but as far as excitement goes this place is just ok.I would go back but I'd rather stay somewhere on or around Fremont st. I like more action maybe...
2	Koa rv park at sams town has certainly made a Change for the worst. Sams town rv park was our to go spot in Vegas but now that it is a KOA Heavy construction noise begins at 7:00 am, lots of people in yellow shirts driving yellow golf carts but the place looks unkept. Jacuzzi temp down to warm, pool water looks green, tv cable is the worst I have experienced, no Change machine for laundry, office not receptive 'bring your own quarters'. It took 3 attempts to get a site. people occupied the sites we wear assigned. Overall I would highly recommend an alternative rv park (not the KOA at Circus Circus) for your stay in Las Vegas.
3	Was in vegas for a family wedding and decided to make a vacation of it. This hotel/casino was convenient for our stay. Staff was friendly throughout our stay, however after our third day we had issues with housekeeping. Such as not clearing dirty empty glasses and not providing fresh towels. It overall met our needs for a clean room to sleep in as we embarked on our las vegas area adventures.Casino has a nice selection of slots and table games spread out over two floors. We visited two of the bars for night caps during our stay. The Winchester bar had better service with friendlier bartenders, and the game machines for keno, poker, slots had better payouts then the other bar, Billy bobs. The service at Billy bobs bar was non existent. Our first night we ate at Billy Bobs steakhouse, which they tout as their fine dining restaurant. Do not bother! It was such an awful experience that we did not bother eating anywhere else in the hotel/casino for the rest of our stay.The mystic park falls was dark during our stay due to reconstruction, so that was a bummer.The location is a rather sketchy area rife with panhandlers and ladies of the night, so you need to drive, not walk to get anywhere, even if it is across the street. My last night at the casino I was continually bothered by a pan handler that eventually left after several encounters with security.They have a players club card, and you can apply points earned to your hotel charges, which is a nice little bonus if you are not local and want to redeem your points before you leave.Overall, this place is a good bargain if you are staying a week and are looking for a clean place to stay with friendly service, that seriously does not break the bank. Felt it was a good value for the price paid.
5	This is our 3rd time staying at this great hotel. It is the best place to stay while in Vegas. Rooms are average, clean and Cheap! Food at the Buffet is always good and for members it's affordable as well. Free shuttles to Freemont street and the Strip.  You can see everything in Vegas and still be on a budget.The machines paid out well and a good selection of games. Table games were plentiful as well. Dealers are hit and miss...some were very happy and friendly and others have been doing it for too long and should not be dealers anymore.Live music at the Roxy keeps the atmosphere booming.So if your looking for a great place to be your landing pad after a full day of Vegas adventures. ..stay at Sam's Town. The beds and pillows are the best anywhere...food is great and service...in most cases..is excellent.
2	Cheesy. Room was nice but avoid the buffet. Avoid doing special events here. Staff sre rude and non supportive. We had a wedding for 150 people. We adked for water for the tables and weresnapped at and td tbey woykd get sround to it when ybey could. It was hot outside and people had driven/traveled from long distances.
4	Sam's Town for a week, the hotel was better than I had expected.  It is really off the beaten path.  No concierge, no room service..but they make up for it with outstanding service by bell service staf, valet service staff, check in staff, maids, casino pit bosses and most dealers and security staff.  There was one bj dealer "Kevin from California" really really friendly and fun, he was so entertaining above and beyond all other dealer wi their in the week stay...
3	Firelight Buffet: One star. We went on Saturday night. The salmon that replaced the turkey on the carving bar was mushy, they had no soup, it was seafood night (more expensive) but there was no fried shrimp. The desserts weren't even fresh. 75$ for two adults and one child...best part about it was the perfect seat for our 6 year old to watch the water show at 8pm while we ate. Water show: five starsArcade: five stars, the girl working behind the prize counter was so sweet and patient with all the little shoppers! The variety of games is also really nice and we always win lots of tickets.Gambling: five stars. Hit $ 242.50 jackpot on a penny machine! Made up for the sucky buffet, at least the ridiculous overpricing of it.All in all, I will have to stay in a room one night and have it be at least four stars to raise my review to **** (four stars). Due to the sheer magnitude of awful of the buffet, I have to respectfully remain at a three star rating.
2	I was pretty excited to stay at SAMs town for the night with my husband, because we used to come here on dates when we were teenagers and it was so nice. We stayed here last night and it was ridiculous. The check in line was a good hour of waiting because there were only two very slow people working the desk. When I checked into the room, I realized that my neighbors were the neighbors from hell and the entire hallway reeked of marijuana. The room was cozy but dusty and a bit run down. There are very few channels to choose from on tv. At 6:00 AM we woke up to our neighbors' kids ringing our hotel door bell repeatedly and when we finally got up and took care of that and fell back asleep, housekeeping knocked at the door at 7:30 asking to clean our room when we had the so not disturb sign up. She was a lady who spoke terrible English and she just went from door to door yelling "housekeeepppiiiinnngggggg" waking everyone. It felt like we were staying in some really ghetto apartments. Never ever again will we return. Awful, dingy and ghetto hotel. Awful. Next time we will go to the MGM, trump or something else.
3	Based from my last trip to Vegas which was about a month before, Sam's Town had the best deal. I was offered free two night stay with $10 free play  and $15 food credit. I'm an educator so, my days off are with the school's and I am limited to when I can go vacay, except for summer :D. I had some time off for Thanksgiving and we decided to go for one night. We checked in a little later and used valet. We didn't care about smoking vs. non smoking so they gave us a smoking room on the top floor, which was nice. Upon entering our room it had a skunky smell. I guess someone decided that smoking also meant weed and not just tobacco. For me, it wasn't a big deal, casino hotels are just places for me to crash because I spend more time gambling. We went down stairs to eat at the buffet and it was packed for 6pm. Not inside but, outside and I'm not sure when it was open. No one was inside the restaurant and it seemed like they took forever to give everyone seats. I didn't feel like waiting so, we decided to leave to eat down the street. Valet was RUDE. It felt like there was one guy working and my car was literally 5 ft away from me. As I later found out, the window was down and the keys were in the ignition so SOMEONE ELSE COULD HAVE JUMPED IN AND DROVE OFF STEALING MY CAR! Before I realized that, the valet guy "turned" the car on for me and waited for a tip...hell no. Not for just turning on my car, please. Then the car wasn't really on, I don't know how that happened because I heard the car get started unless they only turned it half way. So valet wanted a tip for pretending to turn on my car and endangering my car to get jacked. NOPE! We came back to the casino after we ate. The casino has always had some good machines and they advertise that their penny slots give out more bonuses and payouts. I partially believe this. I was able to play well at their casino and I found this to be true from the last time I was there. Sam's Town is a favorite among avid slot players. I wish they had more machines but when you look at what they have, just like any local Vegas casino they have more video poker and game kings because the locals like playing those. It's also a small casino. I can honestly say that based on two visits I never have left there broke and I spend HOURS there winning and losing money. Back to the room, I like how they have rooms facing the mystic falls but, then you're able to see inside other rooms but, it's that or looking at skeezy Boulder Hwy. Mystic falls is really nice and I think based on that part I would consider staying here again. That and the people working there (except valet).That and if they give me more free rooms :)
4	This place advertises itself as a "locals" casino, and it really lives up to the name; it's a really friendly place that's worth visiting for more than just the bowling alley and movie theater. The staff is always friendly, there's a couple good spots to stop into for a burger and a drink if you're so inclined, and there's a nice little ice cream fountain near the Subway if you feel like unwinding with a shake or malt.The food court is a pretty standard food court, but the buffet is exceptionally affordable (just join their free rewards club at the information desk and you'll get a discount!) and a good value. We would always meet up with out-of-town guests to grab the buffet before seeing the laser light show in the main atrium at night, and always left replete.The light show is a fun juxtaposition of animatronic animals, music, lasers (ostensibly), and the waterfall, from which fog emanates for the lasers to project across, giving the whole show a third dimension of fun. You can grab a beer or cocktail and sit at the wee bar in the middle of the forest atrium if you want, or hunker up next to the waterfall itself for a better view.All in all, next time I'm in town I'm planning to swing by Sam's Town again, now that *I'm* one of those out-of-town guests, myself.
5	Longtime customer of the restaurants and the gaming. We love Sams! We LOVE the Park!
4	Paying for wireless access at these room rates is just a slap in the face. Also, this place has no charm. It's a cookie cutter hotel in the middle of a collection of chain stores.
3	Have I mentioned yet how much I love themed casinos? I do, I do! And Sam's Town does not let ya down in that way. The exterior and interior both do a good job of recreating (in a Vegas casino way) an old west town. Love!The gaming options are alright. The food options are rather pitiful. Probably one of the worst buffets ever. But that said, I have to give Sam's Town props for making improvements over the years.The free show here - Mystic Falls - is fab (in a Vegas casino way) and not to be missed. It's runs on the hour, every two hours, from 2pm to 10pm (so at 2, 4, 6, 8, and 10). And it's hilarious and awesome in so many ways. The space itself is kinda pretty, especially at Christmas. And there actually some cool water effects in the show. And then there's the electronic animals, the music, and the laser lights. The bad parts are so bad that they're awesome.So all in all, Sam's Town is worth it for taking a gander at the theme and viewing the free show.
4	My wife and I came here for breakfast with one of our friends after a nice and early exercise. When we came, their breakfast was just about to close (1055 am). Their breakfast cost $5.99 vs. their lunch $7.99 with you're B connected card. This was probably the smallest breakfast buffet I've ever seen with only 10-15 choices with an omelette station. However, the food here was pretty good. They make blueberry pancakes fresh and their chicken fried steak tasted great especially with a little salsa and guacamole (don't judge). All in all, its a good deal for the price. The only thing I thought was a downer was that they served cereal which IMO shouln't be on any buffet at all. Anyways, I'll come here for lunch and dinner and will update...
5	This is our favorite hotel in Las Vegas. The room and the bathroom are large and always very clean. The toiletries are above average and include shampoo, conditioner and lotion. The shower has lots of hot water and very good water pressure. There is the typical hotel hair dryer, but it gets the job done.A nice thing about Sam's is its generous B Connected loyalty program. You don't have to be a whale to get comped rooms. Both my husband and I get offers for 2 nights comped rooms every month. And we can use the offer more than once a month if we want. We do gamble but not more than a couple hundred between us, so this a great deal!Sam's isn't on the strip but is an easy 20 minute drive away. They also offer a free shuttle to the strip and downtown.There is a Dunkin' Donuts, TGI FRidays, Billy Bob Steak House, Pizza, and a Buffet. You get coupons with discount offers when you check in.Give Sam's a try. The Staff is so friendly and willing to go out of their way to make your stay a fabulous experience.
1	My friend and I both got sick sleeping in these rooms. We couldn't sleep through the night and in the morning, our faces were swollen.Their rooms are toxic. It smells of mold badly in the main area, and it must be getting into the vent system. We had to cut our five day vacation short by two days. We just couldn't take it anymore. We left at 1:30 in the morning, after paying for that night already, because we couldn't bare the torture of being in that room one more minute.Our throats stung. We felt uncomfortable, upset and generally sick. As soon as we got home, we immediately went to sleep, and woke up refreshed. Something that hadn't happened the previous two nights.Very depressing. This hotel is toxic and should be shut down.  Please, take out all of those plants in the middle. They are full of mold. The smell is so stinky and obvious. Clear it out, before you start killing people. We are lucky we didn't die.We were very sick staying at this place, and it ruined our vacation. At least we're not dead though, even though we felt like we were going to die.
