5	Walked past this cute little tea shop a few times.. Decided to pop in with a friend one day to see what this cozy little tea house had to offer.I had its Chai tea (dont remember what my friend got) and we just lost track of time chatting while sipping tea and munching on its lovely brownies and macaroons!Went back the second time when my friend and I got caught in the rain and thought, why not? We truly enjoyed ourselves the first time, we got some refreshing but hot peppermint tea, a latte and more of its yummy brownies.I would definitely recommend this little shop if you need some peace and quiet and a relaxed environment to be in, though quaint, it is part of its charm.A bonus, the owner (who looks like Clark Kent) and his fellow staff are really polite and nice. They appear most professional when talking about the tea they sell. The price is also very reasonable.
5	Wow what a wee treasure this tea bar is!!I had passed Pekoe Tea many times but today i had a bit of time before collecting my son from after school club and thought i would try it. Although very small it has such a vibrancy to it and its so charming with its array of cute tea cups and teapot plus all the tea readily to buy. This tea bar is very specialised so if your into tea from china and japan its a win win situation or you may be like me of the curious nature i tried a great japanese tea which i then bought to take home with me. They also sell coffees and source their coffee beans from Artisan Roast and their chocolate bars from Coco's of Bruntsfield. I will definitely be back.
4	Bought some expensive Matcha Green powder for baking from here ... still got to use it!Lovely little shop, must actually stop and sit for a cup of tea and a wee bite as they sell amazing looking macarons!
4	Tea tea and more tea. If you are coffee fatigued try this fine tea shop. It's got more tea than Starbucks have coffee.
5	In such a small space, it's amazing when you can fit into it something beneficial, I'm talking about Pekoe's quaint tea room. With floor to near ceiling of an assortment of teas and related gifts you'll be smitten by choice of which one to try from either their menu or small jar displays.Mostly you know the smell and taste of Earl Grey, but I'd been sampling green tea all week so thought I'd raise the stakes and mix it up, I tried the Jasmine Dragon Green Tea and my better half chose the safer Earl Grey.Once seated, the glass teapot and cup is what the green tea was served in and you'd think that glass would be a better insulator for hot water but surprisingly the Earl Grey ceramic pot kept the tea warmer for longer.Taste of the dragon (sounds like a Bruce Lee movie) for me was mellow compared to how I usually have tea, but the smell was so intense it really made me think initially the waitress had dropped in samples of her perfume not leafs. I got used to it after a while but maybe I'd gone too far in my quest for differing teas this week. I really do think it needs acquired tastebuds so for me I was not ready for this yet...another time perhaps not now but sometime.Choco Brownies were just the kind of sugar rush I needed so ordered to share one of them...mmm. Not sure if they complimented my sweet tea or hid the taste as I finished it off. Yeah I'm a fan of this dainty place, but thinks I will stick to something less powerful next time.We'd also heard of white tea and purchased this on a tip from somebody that we knew of its healthy benefits...tbc?
5	I popped in here on my way back from town one day as I had had too many coffees that day and fancied something a bit different. Long story short this is where I came and fell in love with tea.I tried a Darjeeling and an Oolong (served in a traditional way which lets the loose tea steep and the drinking method is to drink in very small cups in a "shot" like fashion). I did prefer the Oolong to the Darjeeling. I was also very surprised to find out that Oolong is actually a way of fermenting/processing the tea and not an individual type/flavour of tea.The gent serving me was a cracking student from New Zealand so I got to enjoy some new flavours and managed to pick his brains about NZ as well as testing his knowledge on tea (he got his own back by asking me a load of questions on butchery though so justice was done and seen).Definitely loved this place and will be making a venture back to it one day.
5	I am thrilled I stopped by this charming tea shop. I was impressed with how knowledgeable and pleasant the staff was in assisting me. With their top of the art products, locally made chocolates and sweets as well as the dozens of teas and finest quality of coffee that I've ever had. I will be coming here for all of my future visits to Edinburgh.
