5	"One of the Best Ribs,  A Must try for any BBQ Fans"  This location will offer the same quality food the original  Phoenix location started for stacy as the restaurant opens its second location.  BBQ Ribs (pork and beef) really tender pulled pork and lots of combos  to choose from.  Awards,Bon Appetite magazine top 10 best new bbq in the countryTLC Best food ever and has been awarded Best BBQ Restaurant in AZ by Phoenix New Times.  and many more. The location is clean and looks like it will have a bbq drive-thru window!  Please enjoy,Kevin
4	Stopped by Friday night with a gang of friends for dinner.. was amazed how friendly the manger was, she greeted everyone who came in through the door. This location used to be a KFC so its bright, clean and relaxed. We ordered up a whole mess of food, ribs, brisket, sausage and a bunch of sides. The meats were pretty good though you could taste they had been hanging out for a while. You see their on site smoker isn't up and running yet so the Indian School location is supplying #2 with smoked meats. Beans and tater salad were tasty as well as their house sauce. The sweet potato fries which had a coating of cinnamon and brown sugar, killer. Kitchen was slow but since there were only 2 people running the show and they had only been open for 4 days we cut them some slack. Though location #1 has never been known for its fast service either. Somethings done right just take a little time. Hopefully within the next few weeks they get the kinks worked out, smoker up and running and maybe a few more hands in the kitchen. Looking forward to getting back soon.
4	This place just opened a few weeks ago and they seem to be off to a good start. I sampled a couple of the pork ribs today and love their sauce. This is a family run outfit that obviously takes great pride in recipes that may have been handed down for generations. I suggest they work on the decor a little, though it's understandably sparse with them just starting out - Good luck guys!
5	Fried Catfish, Greens and BBQ, my kinda place. Good people there and good food!
1	Planned to go there last Sunday because of all the great things we had heard about this place!  WELL, to our surprise, they were not open!!!  the huge NOW OPEN sign was hanging in the window, the hours on the door said they were open -- there were a few people inside, looked like they were cleaning the kitchen area or something........ but alas, all the doors were locked and the people inside completely ignored us!!  At least take down the huge NOW OPEN banner in the window!!!  Or post a sign on the door explaining why you would be locked up during your business hours!!!
4	stacy dont stop what you are doing!!!!  this 2nd location is as good as the first one!!!!  hands down best bbq in town...staff is friendly as ever...and dont listen to the snobsdale types who say your service is slow....folks good bbq takes time...go to any bbq joint in KC or the South and you are waiting a bit...so keep up the good work!!!!!
5	Finally, great BBQ in the neighborhood. I went in for a nice simple dinner of a large brisket sandwich with a side of baked beans. Both were simply awesome. The brisket was hot and fresh with a great smoke flavor. I added the spicy sauce which had a nice but not overpowering kick. Baked beans have a very tomatoey flavor and are good and not overly sweet.The service was very friendly and helpful.It was nice to see a steady stream of customers coming into this new location. Thankfully, I can put that Texas chain BBQ down the street away for good.
4	This afternoon I decided to have lunch @ Stacy's. It was recommended by a friend and since they just opened a 2nd location across the street from where I reside I figured I had no excuse, plus I had just watched a Travel Channel special on the Best BBQ Spots across the country, so I was definitely in the mood.I ordered their Lunch Special #1, choice of sandwich, (I chose the Beef Brisket), choice of side (Sweet Fries) and a fountain drink for about $9. It was very tasty, their bbq sauce is unlike anything I have ever tasted, (sweet and smoky) I knew as soon as I finished my first bite that it was a flavor that I would find myself craving in the future. The sweet fries were also very good. My only knock on the food was the bun that the sandwich was served on, basically a regular sesame seed hamburger bun, It cheapened the sandwich in my opinion, which is a shame because it was soooo good. I'll definitely be back for 2nds and 3rds but would love to get my sandwich on a higher quality bun. Good Luck w/ the new location!!
1	We went for lunch on a Saturday.  Without doubt, we were served left-overs from the previous night's dinner.  The fries were not even warm, and they were hard, the brisket and ribs were luke-warm and we could see everything getting reheated in the microwave including the Mac and cheese for our kid that had a generous layer of melted grease on top.  We asked to sub the sweet fries with regular fries because those looked more fresh and cooked to order but we ended up giving up and leaving the place to eat across the street @ indulge burger before they got the replacement fries order to us.  Never again - food was not edible.  Perhaps dinner is different but won't be going back to find out.  If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.  Terrible experience.
2	Takes forever to even place your order.  They really need to improve the process.  It shouldn't take 10 minutes to place an order!The food is good - the presentation is overly generic.  Throw the meat on a generic bun that falls apart after the first bite.The pulled pork was yummy and I would go back for it.  The coleslaw was again very generic.
4	My wife and I went there for dinner this evening. We were in the area and we were in the mood for the some BBQ. We ordered the Stacy's sampler with a side of Mac/Cheese and Fried Okra. It consisted of pork and beef ribs, pulled pork, chopped brisket and hot links.The meat was very flavorful and good though you could tell it had been sitting out for a while. I really liked their spicy BBQ sauce as it had some kick to it. We really enjoyed the sides. The mac/cheese was very creamy and had some great taste to it. I am a big fan of fried okra and these were extremely good. You could tell they were freshly prepared and battered. We also got their sweet tea which was awesome!! You don't find sweet tea that much in the Phx even at BBQ places so it is nice to know there is a place I can get some great sweet tea.To top it off, we had their red velvet cake which was fantastic!!
4	I stopped by Stacy's yesterday for a late day lunch.  I ordered the burnt rib tips with fries and potato salad.  The food was tasty and the sauce was a sweet tangy vinegar based one.  The restaurant is clean and spread out with ample seating.  The variety is of smoked meats, fixins and other Southern inspired cuisine is worth noting.The meat is done to near perfection and is moist, not dry.  The menu is mainly divided into sandwiches and meat by the pound.A good solution for my BBQ cravings.
4	Went here for lunch with my better half this week.  Had been wanting to try it after seeing some great Yelp reviews and personally been craving some good southern BBQ for quite some time.  I ordered the combo #2 plate because it had a little of everything, and that was what I was craving.  I elected for the links on the sandwich, side of ribs, side brisket and sifde of mash with gravy.  The girl ordered pulled pork sandwich with fries and a side of mac n cheese.The hot links were tasty, nice flavor in the front and a slow heat that really came through on the finish.  The meat on the ribs fell off the bone and had a great sweetness to them.  The brisket....fuggedaboutit!!  My only complaint is I wish I had orderd more of this!!  It literally melted in my mouth, absolutely amazing flavor.  The mash was great, but the gravy really did it justice.  Heather used of it on her fries so I wish I had asked for more because I ran out for my potatoes.  The pulled pork was good, just a wee bit dry and the fries, were, well, fries.  I prefer fries to be extra crispy on the outside, not so potato-ee (making up words here) on the inside.  The mac n cheese was pretty good, had a subtle sweetness to it that was very enjoyable.Service was good, very friendly.
3	Recently ordered a couple of the combos for my family so we could try everything out. The Ribs are good, I prefer wet ribs though. The brisket was good...but I don't normally like it shredded. Let me tell you though...the pulled pork...wow. It was so fatty and delicious and ooooh yes. Best i've had in AZ so far. If you're looking for a pretty good bbq lunch/dinner, you cannot really go wrong here. Its so close, so I'm sure we'll be back.
5	This is THE BEST BBQ in PHX! Stacy cooks the best links and brisket ever. Don't be in a rush when you go - but its 1000% worth it to those who do. It might take 10 minutes to place an order and walk out with it - but its good ole southern service and food. You wont be disappointed!!!!!
4	Had a couple of different meals at Stacy's. The first was eat-in. I had the smoked pork ribs, sweet potato fries and red beans with rice. Stacy's had a television set with Monday Night Football on.The meat was fresh, moist and perfectly smoked, the SPICY sauce had just enough heat and the sweet potato fries were the best I've had west of St Louis. Red Beans with Rice were flavorful enough for a side dish.They were out of biscuits, so I had to settle for ho-hum garlic toast. Stacy's has unlimited iced tea/soda.The second meal I had was take-out.  Smoked pork ribs, sweet potato fries, BBQ beans and Mac&Chz. for a small gathering at my home. The pork ribs were just about perfect. The meat was smoky, moist and just about ready to fall off the bone. The sweet BBQ Sauce is tangy with just a hnt of vinegar. The spicy BBQ sauce had just enough fire to get you to want to reach for your drink. The BBQ beans were just about the best, with chunks of meat/fat in them. Mac& Chz isn't my favorite, but my friends all complimented them.Prices are reasonable, especially for the half slabs. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They accept Mastercard, Visa & AE. As a customer, I'm hooked.
4	I went to Stacy's for lunch today after searching yelp for BEEF RIBS and seeing the great reviews here. I called ahead to ask them to have beef ribs ready. The location is easy to find and faces the street. They have wonderful side items and 3 different kinds of beans. I ordered1/2 slab of beef ribs, macaroni and cheese and bbq beans. They usually give you the bbq sauce on the side but I requested that he pour it right on top of my ribs. The employees were very friendly and everything was ready within 7 minutes, to my delight, as I only have 1 hour total for lunch. I came back to the office and sat down to eat my 3 huge beef ribs that were moist and tender and fell off the bone. Their bbq sauce is outstanding. The beans were delicious and I even put a lil bbq sauce in them as well. The macaroni and cheese was just so-so, I prefer baked mac n cheese. Overall I had an excellent meal from Stacy's for about $15.
1	Came here on a weekday looking for some decent BBQ take out for lunch. At 15 past noon I was one of only three patrons in the restaurant. One of these days I am going to learn that's a bad sign. Cashier was slow and couldn't make change. I cannot believe that's just how they do it in the South and the place is trying to be authentic. The South is known for refined social grace and hospitality. Here I found neither. Got the pulled pork sandwich with potatoes to go. Pork was super dry and there was no sauce included. I would have expected them to put a container of sauce in with a to-go order. Bun fell apart in my hands.Mashed potatoes tasted like one of the ingredients had gone bad, as if rancid butter had been used. Gravy was thin and greasy. Yuck. If this place got a health code violation I would not be surprised. Other reviews are either panning or gushing so the place may be hit or miss. There are enough complaints though about not so fresh food that I think it's best avoided.
4	i don't know if people are afraid of bbq in Phoenix was in Stacy's location on Shea the other day and it was empty....cmon folks Stacy is doing an amazing job...get out eat bbq...support local business'....friends don't let friends eat at chain restaurants
5	Went there yesterday and found that the place has just CLOSED.  Another victim of a good chef with a bad location and business planning.  Hint for future restauranteurs:  Don't open a Scottsdale restaurant in the summer unless you have the cash to survive with no business till the following March, advertise heavily, and don't locate your business where customers coming from one direction have to make a U-turn to get there, particularly if there's no good signage.The Stacy's location in Phoenix remains open.
1	The Stacy's on Shea is CLOSED!
