3	I would like to give this place a better review, however, I can't do to inconsistency. Two years ago, this was in the top 15% of the best Oriental Buffets, in Las Vegas. Sometimes I go here and things are fresh and tasty. Other times I am disappointed. I don't know for sure, but I suspect that the restaurant uses MSG in their food.The atmosphere is basic.... I also think they could do a better job with making the place feel cleaner. Nothing bad... just needs the attention to finer details to push it up a notch.The price is reasonable and the service is acceptable.Overall, not a bad deal if you are hungry.
2	Gross.The plates were pretty gross. It seems like they just wipe off the top of the plates before they put them back. The bottom of the plates seemed dirty. Why do the bottom of the plates matter? Think about this: when the plates are stacked, what are the eating surfaces of the plates in contact with?The food was very disappointing.I didn't get sick, though. That's always nice.
3	I ate here twice.  It has good and bad points.  First, there is a large selection of food.   Some of the food is good and heated properly.  Some of the food is overcooked, and not properly heated.  The crab claws were so over-cooked, that the meat was boiled away and non-existant.  Chicken wings were good.  There was a large selection to choose from and when they ran out of one thing, you could eat another selection while waiting.  The crowd was mostly spanish and the parents didn't seem to mind their kids acting out and creating a scene.  It seemed to be the norm.  I'd suggest to give it a try and if you have a bad experience, no one is going to make you go back.
1	Never actually ate in there but we ordered some dishes once and they were disappointing. We ordered some shrimp chow mein and some beef dish and both dishes were filled with filler. The shrimp dish had those little shrimp that you usually find in fried rice and the rest of the dish was all basically frozen vegetables. Everything seemed like it came out of the cheapest bulk bag of product they could find at Costco. I don't know about the buffet but nothing I ate made me want to go back. The place has been open for at least 7-8 years by now so it must be doing something right. Maybe the buffet is rather cheap and has a good selection but the food I got from them was nothing I would want more of. The Chinese food in the Boulder and Sam's Town buffets down the street are much better than what I had here and I'm pretty sure there's better Chinese food in the surrounding area. There always seems to be families going here or parties of 5 or more so it probably priced cheap enough for a family to come in and look the other way when it comes to taste.
3	I have hear that this place was REALLY bad. But I tried it anyway. They just added a mongolian grill. You know. Where you pick your veggies and spices then choice the meat you would like. That wasn't bad at all. the rest of the buffet was kinda questionable. But the grill I had was good.
1	I actually really liked China Olive the first few times I went there, even if it was a little inconsistent and sometimes it was very fresh and other times not so much.I live close by so it's an easy stop when doing the shopping for the week.  So the Mrs and I decided to go after a trip to Wally.  We went the other day and it was right when it switched to dinner and there was many many empty trays of food, which was very disappointing.  They eventually did fill some trays but not all.  We waited and waited and waited some more for them to fill the dessert trays but it never happened so we got frustrated and went to pay and mention it to the hostess.So we get up there and find out that after we came in that the health department came and shut them down while we were in there so that's why there was no dessert.  The violation was something about food, I think it was pertaining to storage and preparing and it said right on the violation that they had been warned before.So I guess the claims of people getting food poisoning are true and we were just lucky.  The worst offense to me was that they charged us the full price over 10 bucks a person even though we didn't get to really eat very much!  Not only that, I'm confused why the health department didn't come into the eating area and tell everyone.   So in a nutshell... eat at your own risk!   They lost me.. I'm not a freeloader and I will gladly pay for my meals but if you aren't gonna refill the food or give me dessert than don't charge me the full price!
1	Don't go, not worth the money. Closed multiple times by health department.  The owners can't seem to figure it out.
1	Omg gross!
1	I wish I'd consulted yelp. I came here this past week, after not eating for an entire day. I was super pissed my friend insisted on finishing his crappy $10ish meal, while I sat there sipping on sprite and trying to forget the horrifying food I'd just sampled."Do NOT go in there! Whoo!"
1	This was the most disgusting place I have ever been to, I am so seriously surprised that the health department is allowing this place to stay open, I found an unidentified object in my soup, this place was so nasty, the windows you cannot see out of from the filth, the food is GROSSSSSSSS. This is just a depressing environment, not a place to waste 10.00 on a meal.
3	Closed without  any explanation.
