5	Great store. Went in looking for a good pair of basketball shoes. Customer service was great. Everyone wanted to help me. Had a nice girl get me the shoes I needed and was extremely helpful with her opinions. Had a great experience here.
4	Very cool store located in the Las Vegas Outlet Mall on Las Vegas Blvd.  Was here recently doing some Christmas shopping.  They always have a good selection of shoes and the employees are very helpful.  They helped me find a style and size of shoe that would be just right for my Son.My Son wanted shoes for Christmas.....found a pair I thought he'd like based on the recommendation of the sneaker head employees (they know their stuff).  When he opened the present, he was ecstatic!Job well done, thanks Adidas!
4	Good location, nice selection. love when they do buy 2 get one free sale
5	I always thought that the Adidas store at the outlet on Charleston had so many more choices, but I've come to realize that they don't, they just have a lot more merchandise that I don't really like as opposed to this location, I think we end up walking out with something almost every time. They always have some kind of sale going on; buy one get one, extra 20% off... I never noticed if the other location had the same sales because I never cared to purchase anything from there,... It's like all the reject stuff that's over there lol.I like this location, like I said, I always walk out with something ;)
4	One of my favorite Adidas. This one is located in Premium Outlets-South.  Never disappointed with a visit here.  Larger store than their previous one.  This store also has a wider selection in both men's & women's shoes, clothing, and head wear.  What sets this Adidas from most is their deals.  Almost every time I've been to this location there's some deal going on.  Buy 1 Get 1 Half Off, Buy 2 Get 1 Free, and even 20% everyone once in awhile.  Always good to make a call before you head down to see what deals they got going.  Never a miss for me when I'm prepared to shop.  Staff at this location is extremely helpful.  Always greeted and offered assistance.  In the last year, I'd say I bought at least 3 pairs of shoes here.  Each and every time, someone was willing to assist.  Of course, I'll be back.
