5	I acquired my education requirements for my AZ license here and I can tell you that the tests for licensing were tough! But it made me a better informed Realtor.Great teachers with a broad experience. Plenty of parking and the classrooms are very comfortable.
5	I took all of the required brokers courses from Arizona School of Real Estate. Loved the classes and the instructors were great. All having many years of experience and bringing various aspects of real estate to the classes.
5	OK...let me start by telling you that I am not done entirely with courses nor have I passed the state exam or anything BUT I am almost done with a 6 week course.  I hadnt been in school for over 20 years...so this whole process is a bit scary for me.  Still...these guys are the best.  I cannot emphasize enough how pleased I am that I chose this school...even to just re-aquaint myself with the entire educational process.The location is great...the school itself is wonderfully functional.  They have break rooms and stuff which I have no real interest in, but the little things are all in place.  The seats are comfortable and the rooms temperature controlled well.  Lighting is good and visually all is just right...which can be important when you have 70 people or more all sitting in the same room for a session.  Nevertheless, the thing that is most appreciated by me is the teachers.Each teacher that I have had seems to be a true expert in their field.  I worried that people teaching these courses to subsidize their incomes might not be the most successful of real estate agents since my mistaken philosophy wondered why a successful realtor would bother teaching this crap.Heres why.  Because they enjoy helping others.  Now isnt that the type of realtor that you would want assisting you with your home purchase of sale anyways?  So before you even realize it you are already being mentored by somebody whom you wish to "do business with"...and the business for this six weeks is learning this exciting field and all the laws, policies, standards and practices associated with it.  And I have news for ya...its fascinating.  I cannot imagine being more impressed with the teaching practices of anybody else more than each and every one of the instructors that I have had.  I can stay alert despite my fears that I wouldnt be able to.  I'm not intimidated to ask questions and participate and there is no fear that "I wont get enough out of" any of the sessions in the 90 hours because I can always just take it again if I like with no added charges.All that they seem to care about is making sure that I become as well versed an agent as possible.  The course is worth three times what I paid for it, even if I had no intention of using the license for which these classes are intended.  I have learned more about this new and wonderful region of the country than I ever would have otherwise as well as things pertaining to water rights and EPA issues out here.  Plus...I've made some good friends in the process.I cannot recommend this facility enough!  Once again...I havent cracked a book open in over 20 years but I feel like I am learning and excelling every day here.  Thanks guys!
5	Just finished the accelerated  course for salesperson licensing yesterday.  I'm very happy with the school and the teachers and am very happy I chose this school over the others I looked into.  The teachers were all very educated and knew what they were talking about, they never read out of books and taught you everything in their own words, which made it much easier to understand.  My favorite teachers are Bill and Kevin.  Bill is hysterical and actually made class fun to be at, even at 9pm after working all day and finishing the last hour of a 4 hour class.  His laugh is infectious.  All the teachers were great though.  I wish there was a little more flexibility in the courses though.  Since I was doing nights and weekends, if I missed a class it could be up to a month before I can makeup due to the schedule.  The classes were extremely full each night and on weekends so I'm surprised they don't add more classes since it seems like they have more than enough students.  Other than that, no complaints.  I would highly recommend this school!
5	What a great operation.  The school operates very well, for the most part, the instructors know what they are talking about and enthusiastic and keep your attention and focus.  If you are looking into Real Estate Licensing, there is no other choice in town - contact the Arizona School of Real Estate.I am just finishing my education requirements (this week!) and then will be taking my exams.  I feel that I've been prepared extraordinarily well.
5	Awesome real estate school. Had the pleasure of taking a class with Bill Gray, fun, entertaining and full of information.The coffee shop is a great surprise, its great not having to run to get something to eat or drink.
4	I had to get my license for work and my boss wanted me to come here. The classes are flexible and the front desk very organized. There was only one teacher who I didn't like. The 6 week class period seems like it will never end but it actually goes by quickly. I am at the end where I need to take the school test and see if I can qualify to take the official test. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone who needs to take the classes and my advice would be do the custom courses. I say this because after working a full day it really sucks to go sit in a classroom for 4.5 hours until 10:30 at night. If you can plan ahead and do the custom you can do some days, some nights and even some weekends to complete the 90 hours you need for basic licensing. I will come back and do my continuing ed when I need to later on I life.
5	I have been a licensed agent in Canada for 25 years but getting licensed in Arizona meant I had to learn new laws and new real estate language.Top agents I had spoken to in Phoenix had recommended the Arizona School of Real Estate and so I signed up for the 9 day Crash Course.Even though I had passed my brokers exam in Canada, studying does not come easy to me. However, the professionalism and dedication of the ASREB instructors made learning quite natural.Because of the learning methods and teaching system used by ASREB, I was able to pass first time...and that was today. Thank you instructors at Arizona School of Real Estate...you actually helped me enjoy the exam!
5	ASREB did an amazing job preparing me for my real estate license exam and giving me the foundation to build my career on. The curriculum is great, the classes are well organized, and the teachers are experts in the subject matter. Plus, the flexible class schedules accommodate people with other jobs and families and their two Valley locations are extremely convenient. I would highly recommend ASREB to anyone looking to get the education needed to pass their real estate license exam and build a career in the industry. Now as a professional in the industry, I still rely on ASREB for my continuing eduction classes and series of speakers that talk about relevant issues affecting the industry.
5	I have been a Real Estate Broker in Chicago for 2 years and I just moved to Scottsdale to do the same. In order to be in RE in AZ, I had to take all the classes and exams all over again which I wasn't looking forward to... I heard from a friend broker that ASREB is the best school and I signed up for the 9 day crash course. I thought there was no way I was going to be ready to take exam after 2 weeks of classes- it took me much longer to get ready in Chicago! Passing the school and state exam from the first try proved me wrong! The classes were not only very informative and interesting but fun as well. All instructors have a great sense of humor and made studying fun (which after sitting in class for 9 hours made it much easier)! Special thanks to Kevin McClure, Randy Cooney, Bill Gray, David Whiting, & Randy Helfman for making the classes fun and easy to learn!Also, the front desk customer service is excellent! I had to find someone to proctor my exam for IL CE and asked Kara for help. She arranged everything for me to take it and sent the results to my instructor in Chicago. She made the process easy and effortless on my side. Thank you for all the help! I am definitely taking all my future classes and seminars in this school!
5	I've taken dozens of classes and seminars at this school over the last 10 years.  They are quite simply the most professional and best real estate school in Arizona.   The instructors and staff truly care about the success of their students and do an outstanding job.  I'll continue to recommend this school to anyone looking to further their career in real estate.
5	So far so good! I am 7 classes in and the lessons have been great.  The instructors are very entertaining and help you remember important things "for test taking purposes."  I highly recommend this school if you want to not only pass the exam but more importantly learn along the way.
4	The wonderful thing about this school is flexibility!  I originally signed up for the weekend program but found out on my first day of classes that I could go to weekday classes as well and that I was not locked in for weekends specifically.  You are also given six months to complete the program so it gives you time to go at your own speed.  Location is convenient  in Scottsdale.  Instructors keep the material fun.  Downside is the class period length--4.5 hours.  There are breaks, but still that is long time to go over material.  One of those hours is for previous material review from the day before.  Great if you were there the day before, not so applicable if you were not there.  Great school for aspiring real estate professionals.
1	I would recommend Arizona Academy of Real Estate INSTEAD.  Arizona School of Real Estate & Business is overkill if you ask me.  You need to take your test and pass before you can take the state test.  Well if you fail the school test they won't show you your test scores to help in any way.  In fact you get sent home to find out if you pass online.  Funny because even the state test is graded immediately, and breaks down the test in sections so you know what to study when you retake the test.  My friend went to Arizona Academy of Real Estate and said they scan your test right in front of you when you turn it in, and it breaks down each section to let you know what you got wrong so you know what to study.  Same format as the state test. Oh, and their study guide was so small.  Well if you go to ASREB you definitely won't be able to say the same.  Arizona School of Real Estate gives you 3 different study guides.  The National Study guide has two study guides they tell you to memorize.  One study guide for this has 522 questions, study guide 2 has 320 questions, and the state study guide has 279 questions. That is 1,121 questions they send you home with for a school test that only has 200 questions, and the state exam which has only 185 questions!!!!  They try to trip you up big time by giving you OVER 6 times the amount of material you actually need.  The worst part about it is you don't get to see any proof of how you did on each section so if you barely pass or fail, then you won't have any clue what to study.  You will be back looking over 1,120 questions again hoping you can remember all 1,120 questions for the 185-200 you actually test on.  My friend who went to the other real estate school passed the first time with an 82%.  I looked at her study guide....UNDER 200 QUESTIONS!!! The only difference is that ASREB allows you to pass at 75% and Arizona Academy of Real Estate ups it to 80% (with 1/6 of the headache studying for it).
