4	I have been going to this OG/GYN office for several years now.  They are a pretty good operation and everything usually runs smoothly with friendly people helping you through the visit.My personal provider is Charlene Hanna-Manfull.  She is a certified nurse practitioner, has a degree in nurse midwifery, and specializes in women's health.  I met her when and started seeing her when I got pregnant because my previous doctor wasn't doing delivery at the time.  I am so glad I switched to Charlene because she is simply amazing!  She is the best doctor/nurse practitioner I have ever had in any medical office.  She always lays out all of your options and doesn't shove anything down your throat.  If you aren't comfortable with something, she is ok with it and gives you different options until you both agree on what you want and need.  She totally makes this my go to medical office because I trust her and feel comfortable with her.  That says a lot to, considering what women have to do at this type of check up!The only reason why I am giving this office 4 stars is that sometimes they run late, like most doctor's offices out there.  Sometimes I get back right on time and some times I have had to wait an hour.If you need an Ob/GYN, check out Wellhealth Women's Speciality Care and make sure to ask for Charlene Hanna-Manfull!
5	CHarlene Hanna-Manfull is the most amazing provider!!!! she is a nurse practitioner. she cares greatly about her patients and she is constantly wanting to give the best she can.. AMAZINGGGG
5	In registering with the Affordable Care Act, I choose Wellhealth Womens Specialty Care based on location.  Boy! I lucked out.  I was able to schedule an appointment within a reasonable time frame of 3 weeks.  The office staff was pleasant and anwered all of my Obamacare questions.  I was taken in by a Nurse Practioner.  She asked me all of my health questions.  Dr. Julie Gooddell, came in 5 minutes after that.  She was gentle and direct in her comments.
1	This office is ALWAYS packed! Expect to wait over an hour after your appointment time to be seen. I was going here for a while and seeing Dr. Rolling, who was treating a problem I had, and all of a sudden I get a call that she is no longer with the practice and I would be assigned another doctor! WTF! I was comfortable with her, and she was very compassionate and had great bedside manner. She really made me feel comfortable when I had an uncomfortable situation going on and I was pissed off that she just left in the middle of my treatment. Anyways they said my new doctor will be Dr. Harter, who had horrible bedside manner and was not compassionate to my situation at all. I hate doctors that treat you like sheeple. If it wasn't for the fact that I needed to have a procedure done, and I just wanted to get it over with, I would have switched doctors right away! So he did the procedure and thankfully everything came back clear. Since then, I have not been back to that office. After going to a new doctor he told me that the procedure Dr. Harter did was severe, and possibly unnecessary  seeing how I am still young and don't yet have children. UGH! Do NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
