3	Even though this is an outlet, the prices are fairly similar to a normal retail store. There are some sales, but I didn't see anything above an additional 10% off. They did have some clothing that was an additional 50% off the sale price, but I didn't feel like buying a sweatshirt when it was 115 degrees outside.
5	I love the sales here- sometimes, at an additional 50% off orange labels, sometimes, there are BOGO deals. I've gotten many gifts for my niece and nephews over the years (ok, the secret's out). I love the roxy brand (the one for the ladies), so I also shop for myself- love love love the dresses and board shorts; we go to Hawaii once a year, so it's the go-to brand for summer styles- the bright colors and catchy prints really defines the beach vibe. My husband also looks for clothing too. I really don't intend on shopping here, it just becomes too-good-a-sale-to- pass-up kind of situation. I pretty much go for the clearance racks. The regular prices are comparable to the regular store prices (agree with Michael C). In addition, I believe that there is a promotion in the Passport Booklet (free for AAA members & VIP Premium Outlets members). If there are too many other people in the small store, it can feel crowded, since the racks are positioned pretty close to each other. It's not usual to bump people or to be bumped by people, but they're usually pretty nice about it. Many of the employees seem to be on the teenage or 20s set, but generally pretty nice and eager to assist. Limited fitting rooms in the back- sometimes there might be a wait. But there are benches for the waiting husbands (like mine).Cool store, great brands, excellent clearance prices.
4	Lots of great deals.
1	Don't ever have your daughter apply at this store..... The staff or rude and very unprofessional. The girl want boys and the people that interview don't know how to.
4	Love Quiksilver!  I'm a beach gal at heart and I love their stuff!  Not only do they have super great deals at this outlet, but the service is awesome.  I think every single person who worked there asked me if I needed help.  I guess it could get somewhat annoying for some people, but it was fine with me. Here's a sample of deals they've got all the time:T-shirts: 2 for $19.99Hoodies: 2 for $49.99Shorts: 2 for $39.99They have men, women, and children apparel, so you can find something for the whole family!  Quiksilver accessories too!  I always stop in whenever I come to this mall.
