4	Bowled here yesterday, loved it. Place was clean, and even though we went at like 1pm, they had music going and colored lights. Similar to cosmic bowling, just they still had the main lights on. Bowling balls were in good shape and well made, some of the crappy ones will hurt your fingers within a short time, but these didn't. I had a coupon, but right now they have a pretty good $15 two hour unlimited play with shoe rental and soda per person which is CHEAP for bowling. Great place for a date or for kids or friends, really anybody.
1	This is the worst groupon I have ever baught!!! They should tell you before you go they have League Bowling cause when they have league bowling its not open to the public. Then even after that if there is an event going on they only will have 10 lanes open so you really cant even get in to bowl. I went 3 times tring to bowl and couldnt! I now was not able to use this groupn cause it expired and they wouldnt honor it after so i lost out of my money! I will never go there again and will use the rest of my groupons and never by a groupon and will never buy one again!!!!!!!I would like a refund for this horrible experience and will make sure everyone knows of this experience I had!
3	great for the family and comic bowling is the best for all ages.!!!!
1	I'd like to start out that I've been to this Brunswick many times, starting when I was 11 or 12, and that I've gone to the cosmic bowling (nightclub themed bowlong from 11pm-2am) several times as an adult. Tonight was the worst experience I've ever had there. I apologize for the long review, but I believe that everyone who wants or likes to bowl there should consider what happened to me before spending their money here.We arrived as a group of 5, and my brother and I bought two bowling passes for $33. Then we purchased another $10 worth of arcade tokens. By the time we decided to join our friends, it was 1am, so we had a good hour to go. We waited for our friends to finish their game and began ours at 1:20. Exactly one frame into the game, the rake mechanism began to malfunction; it went up and down, sweeping under the pins, about 5 times in a row. We pressed the reset button and nothing happened. Then we stood there for about a solid minute; I told my group that if it happened again, we would go get an employee. Nothing happened; the problem appeared to fix itself, so my brother bowled. RIGHT as he let go, the rake began to go down and his ball tapped it and then went into the gutter. I'd like to clarify here that he did not intentionally try to hit the rake, nor was he throwing his ball at the speed of sound. The rake stayed down, so we used the intercom feature to talk to the woman at the front desk. She hung up on my friend after about 10 seconds of talking. When I went up to explain the problem, I was polite and firm about what had happened. I was confused at how rude she had become since the last time I had interacted with her; previously she had been friendly to me. She told us she shut down our lane because we had hit the rake. I told her we didn't try to hit the rake, and that the machine came down unexpectedly during a bowl. She told us we should have come and gotten her the first time the rake was malfunctioning; I said that the problem had appeared to correct itself and had stopped. She told us she didn't care, that the lane would stay shut. I said this was fine, I just wanted my money back. At that point she went to get her manager, an older man with gray hair dressed in a polo shirt and slacks (I didn't catch his name). He listened to my story for about 2 minutes and then told me they didn't give refunds and he wouldn't open up a new lane because they closed in five minutes. I told him that yes, NOW they were about to close, but when the problem occured we had 40 minutes left to get our money's worth. I said that the problem with the machine was not due to something I DID or DID NOT do, that this was clearly Brunswick's problem.At that point he put his hand up in my face and walked away without saying a word. I was shocked at the level of rudeness and unprofessional behavior I encountered here tonight. The manager essentially told me that though HIS machine malfunctioned, it was still our fault and we shouldn't get our money back.  I spent $43 (the other three people in our party spent $16 each, in addition to food and drinks), was a polite and respectful customer all evening, and ended up being treated like trash. I will never go back to this bowling alley again, and you shouldn't either.
1	I've been going to this bowling alley since my family moved here in '01. It was always a nice place, but lately the experiences there have been getting worse and worse. After what happened tonight, I am never going back to this bowling alley ever again, and I hope you don't either. Tonight me and some friends went as a group of five. We got there late, around midnight and knew we didn't have a lot of time to bowl but just wanted to have a good night. After playing one game, our lane started malfunctioning; the rake kept coming down and the lane would close over the pins and repeated this for perhaps five minutes, and so one of our friends hit the rake button. After a minute, and it hadn't repeated, he bowled. Not two seconds after he bowled, the rake came down and his ball hardly tapped it. One of our friends tried to intercom the desk and explained the problem to which the employee replied, "You hit the rake" and then hung up. So she went up to talk to the employee, who informed her our lane had been closed and would not be reopening as we had hit the rake and then walked away. We went to talk to the manager, who didn't even look like an employee - he was an older man dressed in a polo. We explained our issue, and asked for a refund because we hadn't gotten our full money's worth as a result of their malfunctioning equipment. He promptly replied they don't do refunds and then argued with us for about two minutes before throwing his hands up and walking away from us as one of my friends was speaking. I'd like to just say that none of us intended to do anything wrong, we had gone out to have a fun Saturday night. We thought the lane had fixed itself after we had hit the rake button; because the lane had appeared to stop malfunctioning. All of us spent about sixteen dollars a piece (not including arcade games, food and drinks) and to be so disrespected is ridiculous. Even if Brunswick didn't give out refunds, he could have made more of an attempt to help us or understand our issue, but we were disregarded, ignored, and mistreated.I will never go back, it's definitely not worth it to be treated by employees the way our group was treated. If you can't treat customers correctly, then you don't deserve to be a manager who is supposed to solve problems, not create them.
1	Comic Bowling... DJ's...Lasers... sounds like fun don't it??? Well I thought it was going to be fun, according to their website I was picturing a dark, glow in the dark bowling alley with lasers and loud blaring music and drinking.  Hmm Hmm.. Went to cosmic bowling with a group of friends. Well we get there right when comic bowling starts... They had shut down all the lanes and started a line of people to start getting everyone ready.  Right away I noticed the crowd of people..  not what I was expecting...There were a lot of kids out late at night and still jumping and running around, and when I say kids I mean 3,4 and 5 year old's.  Finally got our lane and I was expecting it to get really dark so we could enjoy the black lights..  Nope didn't really happen, it still stayed pretty light in the bowling alley, and the lasers sucked.. Then I started waiting for the DJ and loud music.. ummm no.. that didn't happen either... they had put on some really bad music video's that we couldn't even hear over the bowling balls rolling down, which was probably a blessing.  Then we go to the bar to pick up some pitchers of beers, not any good beers on tap and the ones they had were super expensive for this dive place.. We stayed cause we paid money to play.. We left around 1:30am, and the kids were still running around like crazy, I kept thinking to myself, what the F**k are all these kids doing up at this time... I won't be going back..
4	I'm not an expert on bowling alleys, so it seems fine to me - like 3 stars OK.  I gave them another star for the clerk behind the counter who was very helpful - she pulled out coupons for us to use with our group of 15. 3 lanes for 2hrs with pizza and drinks.  $40 per lane.  We got in more than 2 games each and I thought it was a good deal - $120 for 15 people.
3	Score! I paid $10 for enough tickets to win a tiny piece of crap kaleidascope!
2	Plain and simple... This location can be simply put as average. As far as cleanliness it is okay, food equals okay, and service equals okay as well. Kinda disappointed when we requested bumpers on the lane for our two year old son. Come to find out they can not be engaged per bowler, but for every bowler within that lane. Come on now... my husband and I don't need nor like the bumpers up. It wasn't a huge deal, considering we were only bowling for something fun for him to do.
4	I have only been here a few times now but it is the closest bowling alley to my home and I have kids so there you go.  I never had a problem here and my kids like bowling and the game zone which all cost me a pretty penny but this is a business.  Soda here is almost as much as the movie theater and the food isn't all that good but that is not why you come here.  I will go back when the kids ask and I am grateful to have a nice clean location for bowling near my home.
1	The service here was horrible! We waited in the bar for 5 min before even being acknowledged.  Once the bartender saw we were standing there, she went to go check her cell phone before coming to say hello or take our order. Seriously? We were there at around 4:30pm on a Tuesday. They had no happy hour specials, we paid 4 bucks for about 25 French fries. It was pathetic. We will never go back...
3	I have been here a few times with the kids bowling. And it has been a hit and miss for service. When it is good, it is just that - "good". Never really excel at being helpful and take forever with the requests. Examples (Bad):- Ball stuck on lane, call the front desk who says "will be there in a min" - 5 min later no one... so I walk down the gutter and get ball myself. Employees come over and say I can't do that. Well, I was on a "timed" bowling special....and they were cutting into my time.- Food is just ok - and again, hit and miss. Oil in fryer tastes like no changed very often... or maybe fryer isn't cleaned? As the "burnt" taste lingers. Had pizza twice.. one time was good, one time was not.- Bathrooms are not frequently checked - when my 6yo says the bathroom is gross, we have a problem.Place just lacks consistency - and since it is definitely not a cheap outing (Spend about $80 food, ~2 hours bowling, etc for family of 4), I would expect more.
4	Great bowling deals.The pizza there is AMAZING... seriously, I love pizza and was very surprised to find such good (tasty, crunchy, and flavorful) pizza at a Bowling alley?
4	This is my favorite bowling spot staff is cool. They have beer deals at night. The lanes are well maintained. Great for company get togethers.
5	This place is under new management and is awesome!!  If you enjoy socializing with your friends, bring them here and bowl, drink, etc. -- its very nice and a ton of fun!
5	This place is great. My 6 and 3yeard olds loved their birthdays. It was highly organized, clean and the food was good. They offer the ramp for younger bowlers. The party organizer got all the guest their shoes always refilled drink. we never had to ask. The pizza came in a timey fashion. The facility was remolded in the July 2013 with new carpet, paint and bowls. Everything was very clean even the restrooms. I would highly recommend this place for bowling. Most parents commented on the fact they would of never thought about a bowling party  but this completely changed there minds. I like most of them remember the smoke filled dingy bowling allies of the past. This could be further  from the truth at Brunswick Zone Glendale.
5	This could've easily been a 1-star review were it not for the customer service provided by this place. I came to meet a friend on a Monday night. He was looking to blow off steam due to some lady friend problems, and I'd had a stressful day at work. Add to that that my phone died as I walked in the door and my friend was running late, and you have a semi-grouchy yelper on the premises.I grabbed a spot at the bar to wait for my friend. Like I said, phone was dead, so I had no idea how long I'd be waiting. Once my friend arrived, we both ordered the chicken strips (juvenile, I know). One of my friend's strips was raw on the inside. The bar tender not only comped my friend's plate, but mine as well (even though mine were thoroughly cooked). After sending the defective strips back to the kitchen, he returned with a plate heaping with perfectly cooked chicken tenders. Props to this place for knowing how to rectify a mistake.Oh, and the bowling was fun too.
3	I bowled here as a kid 20 yrs ago in leagues and for practice bowling.  After taking quite a few years off, I returned to a league here with a friend for some evening fun.The leagues here are run pretty well and the people in them are pretty friendly.  The staff has turned over quite a bit and at times it's frustrating to have to wait in a really long line just to checkout after some practice bowling time.The food has improved over the past couple years but still is a bit pricey in my opinion for bowling alley food.  The only thing about on par pricewise is the cost of pizza.  The pizza is decent but is hit and miss based on who's behind the counter.  Often in league they will ask for the lane you are on and deliver it to you, I have had issues with them here where they deliver my food to the wrong lane and then argue with me that I didn't get my food halfway through the second of three league games.  Otherwise, the facility is on par and what you would expect of a bowling alley, it's not trashed but it's not perfect either.  Some of the lane scoring screens are hard to read and faded, which is unacceptable as that makes keeping track of scores tough.Overall, it's a further drive for me but it's the best choice between the other closest alley.
