4	Nestled in one of many strip malls found on Durango Drive, Del Mar Cafe is a great little spot for breakfast or lunch. Del Mar Cafe embraces a racetrack theme, most noticeably on their menu. Printed in a newspaper format, many menu items are named after some of the more successful racehorses. I wouldn't have been able to help naming the biscuits and gravy Seabiscuit, but somehow they resisted. The food is great and they also have a full bakery and specialty coffee selection. We had a sample of the banana nut muffins and they were warm and wonderful. I got the banana pancakes. Stacked 3 high, it was more than I could handle but if you're starving, go for it! Fresh bananas on top and some baked into the batter...yum! The good thing about this cafe however is where some specialize in breakfast and lunch is an afterthought, Del Mar Cafe pays attention to both. The lunch choices were just as plentiful as the breakfast, good for those early risers who have friends that want to sleep in. There are lots of TV's to catch up on sports news or current events and seating is comfy and spacious. A great spot for an inexpensive but quality meal! Be sure to grab a frequent diners card too!
5	We found this gem and gave it a chance, and now are weekly regulars.  It is clean, spacious, new and they know how to make great food.  My husband is thrilled about the homestyle potatoes that come with all of the breakfasts, all cook fresh daily, not fried and over spiced like other places...their eggs benedict is to die for.  Love their wraps and sandwiches too.  The owner is there all the time and checks that you are enjoying your meal.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  We have now made this our official breakfast/lunch place!  They also have a drive thru...
5	Awesome breakfast and great service!!
4	Went to Del Mar Cafe today, right when you walk in you get greeted by the owner. My gf and I were the youngest people in the place but were still treated as if we were regulars like the more seasoned customers in there. Anyways I ordered the Zenyatta which was a breakfast wrap with eggs and spinach and mushrooms, with hash browns, not bad at all since I love spinach so much...my gf got the blueberry waffles with egg whites and country potatoes...had a bite and it was delicious as well, all in all nice people, good service and all around a decent place for breakfast. One last thing to add, our servers voice was awesome, he reminded me of rip taylor...hahaha
4	My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast. The service was great, the food was good, and the staff was friendly. I got the blueberry waffle with eggs and country potatoes and I was very satisfied. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast wrap with turkey and he really liked that. I stole a bite from him and it was really good. I would definitely go back. They make all sorts of coffee concoctions, so make sure to try one.
5	Easily the most underrated/underreviewed breakfast place in town. Prices are beyond reasonable, the omelettes are super fluffy and not greasy, the wraps are big and fresh, the home fries are perfectly seasoned, the tuna salad is not mayoey, the owners are really friendly, there are plenty of wide parking spots if you want to bring your Ferrari, and it's really a cafe with a high-ceilinged, bistro-like atmosphere. Free and fast wireless internet. Plenty of tables inside so you don't feel bad nursing a cup of coffee and a sandwich while working on your MacBook.Have eaten here 4 times already. Loving the "Rafael Bejarano" wrap (tuna on Spinach tortilla) with 1000 Island dressing instead of mayo. Hash browns as my side, cup of coffee. Cool detail: they bring a condiment carrier to your table which bottles of Tapatio, Cholula, Tabasco, Ketchup and Yellow Mustard in it.Did a show a couple seasons ago in Aiken, SC, in the heart of thoroughbred country (Northern horse owners fly South for the winter to train their horses year-round.) Everywhere we went we felt at home - horse people are kind and welcoming. I feel the same way at the Del Mar Cafe. Next time you go out for breakfast (or lunch), make this the place!
4	My wife found this place on Yelp, its really close so we decided to head over for breakfast before a day of Black Friday shopping! Its a great location, tucked into the Durango/Edna Plaza opposite the Italian place.Its the only place I've seen with a drive thru as you walk in, very smart idea! Everything is neat and clean, and very well laid out.  It wasn't busy, but you wouldn't feel cramped even if it was.  I gave them a mark down for not having booths, its my favorite way to eat breakfast.  I'm a big homemade corned-beef hash fan, and I saw the couple next to me had ordered it, and it didn't look homemade.  Not sure if it was from a can, but it had the really small pre-cut square potatoes, and I couldn't see any fresh shredded or cut corned-beef.Decided to skip the corned-beef when I saw the Man-O-War on the menu! It was an excellent omelet.  Super fresh country potatoes, the omelet had pieces of bacon, cheese, avocado, and spinach, plus your choice of toast.  My wife had the Storm Cat wrap.  She couldn't finish it but she said it was still very delicious.  Luckily for me I got to polish it off for lunch, and I'll agree with my wife that is very good.Service was very prompt and we were seated right away.  The staff looked nice and was very  friendly, even the owners made a point of coming around to say hello and check if everything was good.  The decor is very horse themed taking after the name of the place.  Luckily its done very nice and isn't over done or tacky.Prices for everything were all below the normal places we eat breakfast, we totaled just over $20 with two breakfast and two coffees.  We love the customer loyalty card program, they made sure we got a card and had it punched.  We'll be coming back!**UPDATE**Tried the corned-beef hash and it isn't homemade and not recommended for people that are particular about their corned-beef hash.   Nothing horrible or bad, just not the way I prefer mine, your mileage my vary.
4	I would have never found this place if it wasn't for a recommendation from my friend.  We met there for breakfast and I have to say that it came out of the gates as a "Graduate" (horse racing term meaning "winning for the first time").  I had an egg white omelet that I forgot to make note of the name and contents.  So sorry, I can't give you much detail on the food.  I wish they had a website up.  That'll be something I'll be pushing on them on my next visit.  The coffee was good, the food itself was not oily or saturated in fat.  The potatoes were cooked well and not overdone, but needed some seasoning.  The service was topnotch.  Hands down the service was very tentative and welcoming.  Both owners are constantly checking up to make sure you're happy with your meal and that you have everything you need.  This is definitely a new breakfast spot for me.  They've only been open for 10 months now, so I hope the word gets out about Del Mar Cafe.  They definitely deserve to stick around and the food is reasonable and good.
5	The best breakfast in las Vegas love the service can't wait to go to Vegas and eat there again
4	Great place! even better food! Super friendly service.  Easy drive thru service. Take out is quick too. We come here every chance we get.
5	My husband and I live around the corner from the Del Mar Cafe.  We LOVE the food and the service.  The lattes are DIVINE.  I will never drink a latte from Starbucks again. A Friday morning DMC latte is my treat for making it through the week.  I have to be at work at 7 a.m.  The DMC is not open yet.  Jim and Dee, the owners, told me that they will make a latte for me at 6:30 a.m.  All I do is  go into the drive thru, honk my car horn, and they would make my latte.  How is that for service????? After Rosemary's closed, my husband and I have made it a point of only dining at locally owned restaurants.  The DMC is one of the locally owned restaurants that we frequent and want to be successful.  We feel that the Del Mar Cafe is a hidden gem that is slowly being discovered.
5	I looked on Yelp for a new breakfast place to try before going to the annual Run For a Wish 5K and I found Bobby and Misti's 5 star reviews for Del Mar.  That's more than good enough for me!I had the Man O' War Omelette.  It's an omelette filled with bacon, spinach, roasted red peppers, and jack cheese and topped with avocado.  With comes your choice of home fries, home fries with onion and pepper, or hash browns.  I chose the home fries with peppers and onion.  You also get choice of toast, biscuit or English muffin.  I went with the rye toast.The omelette was large and very filling and the home fries were excellent.  I was glad I got the onion and peppers fried with the potatoes.  I chose rye toast.  While waiting for the breakfast to arrive, the owner and barista this morning, brought me a mini carrot cake muffin to start out and he made sure my coffee cup was filled.  I recommend this place highly.  It deserves all 5 stars.  Service is excellent, and the owner and his wife were very attentive and pleasant.  The horse racing theme is interesting.  On each table, there's a little call box.  On it are buttons for four things--service, drink, bill, or cancel.  If you press one of the buttons, a colored number lights on a board on the wall in the front of the restaurant.  The server can see if you need more drinks or want your bill.  The small box is like a mini KENO board.  There's also a drive through if you want to get a coffee or other drink from espresso bar and pick it up at the window.I will be back here to try lunch.  The menu has some very interesting things to try!
1	I took a friend of mine to this place on Sunday since I heard so many reviews on thisplace and was so disappointed, food was cold, service was bad and order was not done to our request. The coffee was good and hot. The choices are many however,but what is all the excitement about is a puzzle to me. Very disappointed.
5	Great food. Man of war omelet was great. Service was exceptional. And the chia tea was the best I have had!  Will go again and again.
4	I stumbled upon this place by looking on Yelp and since my family and I were driving around looking for a breakfast place we said "let's try this spot out." I was glad it wasn't a long line especially being a Sunday morning. We were greeted by the server who sat us down and handed us menu's. I didn't know what to get because I wanted some pancakes but read about the Man O' War Omelet. So I decided to try the French Toast with Bananas. The French Toast was okay. My cousin on the other hand ordered the Country Fried Steak;  now that is one of the best Country Fried Steaks I have ever tried. The flavor was just perfect, it wasn't salty and the gravy didn't lack any flavor.
5	My husband and I went for the first time this morning. Great Mom and Pop place. The owners' attention to detail and customer service is evident from the moment you walk in. Fresh food, homemade ingredients, good atmosphere and service give Del Mar Cafe an easy five star rating. Looking forward to our next visit.
4	I'm so happy to have found another great breakfast place in town. I came here late Friday morning with my mom to eat. We were looking for some standard fare at the right price and we found it. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and owner. We were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken quickly. My mom and I decided to share fish & chips and a man o'war omelette. both were incredibly tasty and fresh. The portions were incredibly generous as well. Service was speedy and friendly, the food was solid and I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is the BEST breakfast/lunch spot on the West Side.  It's owned by a husband/wife couple and everything someone may be looking for in a local spot.  Their breakfast and lunch menu is outstanding!  The service is great, food is delicious and reasonable prices!  I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who lives or visits Vegas:)
3	Bottom line, good, not great.  I would come back.  I had the omelet with sausage/green peppers.  Generous portion, hot and delicious.  Would order again.My wife and daughter had the biscuits and gravy.   Now, before I dump on Del Mar too much I must say that the B&G at Jack's in Bishop Calif is the benchmark.  Big, dense biscuits, thick, rich gravy with lots of pepper and sausage.  This did not compare.  The biscuits are just OK, a little thin and not very dense.  They splay two of them over the plate and ladle on the gravy.  Not a great presentation.  Should be in a deep bowl.  The gravy was not very hot when it arrived either.  Would not order again.  Coffee was great, owner was great.  Based on the two items we had I'd probably come back and just not order the B&G.
4	This is just your good old fashioned American breakfast place. The place was quaint and reminded me of the breakfast cafes I would go to with my grandparents when I was younger. Coincidentally, there were quite a few seniors there..with what I assume to be their grandchildren. Now to the most important part: FOOD! I got the Man o' War Omelette with egg whites and replaced the bacon with turkey. YES, I REPLACED BACON. I have a committed a life-time crime of not liking it. It was delicious, fresh, and well-made! I opted for the country potatoes which were cooked well. My bestfriend got the eggs benedict which he swiftly finished in less than ten minutes. The eggs were fresh and poached perfectly. In all, Del Mar Cafe doesn't greatly distinguish itself from other good breakfast places like The Cracked Egg, but they cook a great decent American breakfast. If you're looking for not-too-fancy breakfast done right, I would visit this cafe!
4	I ventured to Del Mar Cafe with my family on Father's Day. We arrived and the place was in full swing. I could tell they were definitely getting a lot of business. There were a lot plates on the counter-top area that had not been cleaned off, and they stayed there while my family waited for our table. Somehow we must have walked in at the right time because the next few groups who came in were told the wait for a table would be 20-30 minutes. I can understand why; Del Mar Cafe makes everything on their menu to order. So don't come here expecting the quickest service and it will be all good. Especially when it is busy.As for food - I had 2 pancakes, 3 over easy eggs, and 2 sausage patties. I was very tempted to order something from their Espresso Bar, but went with just a Coke. Maybe next time. My father raved over his Eggs Benedict, which came on a bed of spinach and tomatoes. He also opted for an extra side of Canadian bacon. I kind of wish I'd gotten his dish! My mother got the same thing as me, but got a big fluffy waffle instead of pancakes. My brother decided to eat lunch, since we were there around Noon. He got the chicken wrap (minus the avocado) and he said it was great. The portion was HUGE! Overall the food is a definite 5 Star. However, the service was a bit spotty. I was never asked if I wanted my Coke refilled. I sipped it slowly throughout my meal, because somehow I just knew I wouldn't get a refill - and my premonition came true. It wasn't until our waitress came to take away my plate that she asked if I wanted a refill, to which I refused, because I was at the end of my meal anyway. My mother and father got refills on their iced tea and coffee... so why not refill the sodas my brother and I had? *shrug* I have no idea.I will come back to try their lunch I think AND the Espresso Bar. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for made-from-scratch, made-to-order food.
5	After driving by and many great comments on Yelp I discovered this very friendly and comforting spot.  What a great find!  I had the "Affirmed", a poached egg with hollandaise sauce with grilled spinach, tomato and avocado atop - very yummy!  I opted for the hash browns, just right!  The owner made me and all the customers feel at home and very pleasant environment.  They have a drive through as well!Enjoy!
2	bagel is too doughy, just like white bread. French toast raw in middle. Steak was rare (asked med rare). Coffee was lukewarm. Hash browns raw and soggy.  SKIP IT.
1	I drove 40 minutes from the other side of town to try this place on the strength of a positive review in Desert Companion. When I got there at 12:30, they were inexplicably closed. No sign, or indication; they just randomly closed an hour and a half early for no reason. First rule of customer satisfaction: be open when you say you will!!!
5	This place is near our house and we have gone numerous times and it is outstanding.  The staff is great, very much a family atmosphere.  We always bring our two kids under two and they are great with them.  The waitress who had seven or so kids of her own is always talkative and nice. You can get a punch card for a free breakfast and they are so nice about punching it each time.  The biggest positive that helps is they speak to my 2 year old and understand if she losing her mind or moves 100 times in 4 mins which helps me.The food is great, we go for breakfast and for 6-8 dollars I get eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, and coffee.  So good.Will continue to go back and back and back :)
1	Went by during lunch a few days ago, and they were closed. I hope it's not permanent. Really liked the place.
