5	This is the place where local chefs get their fish get their fish from and so it must be the best in the area.  I had a look round about a week ago and it was clear to see why it is so popular.  They have a massive range of fresh and seawater fish, live lobsters, crabs, mussels and clams.  It's cool and fresh inside which is the perfect antidote to a hot summer's day and the service is friendly and keen to pass on their experties to the ignorant (such as myself).  Although I didn't buy anything, it all looked delicious, fresh and they offer some of the best prices in the area.  Eddie's Seafood Market is definitely the place to come if you're looking for great quality seafood at competetive prices.
5	This really is the best fishmongers I've ever found in Edinburgh. If you're having a dinner party or cooking for a special occasion, you need to get your ingredients from here. Although it's right in the middle of student-ville, Eddie's is well-known all over the city and once you've bought from here it's easy to see why. The staff are not only friendly but also really knowledgeable. When I went in I needed things to make a fish pie, although I didn't know which fish would be best for it. Rather than simply trying to flog me the most expensive fish they had, the guy was very patient with me and showed me loads of different options. When I used to live in Marchmont I used to see the new deiliveries coming in every day (on the rare occasions I was up early enough, that is!), so you can always be confident that the stuff they have is fresh.
5	Ok, so the smell that emanates from Eddie's Seafood Market isn't great. I mean, it's pretty damn awful, actually. BUT. But. That's to be expected from a fishmonger's and the quality of Eddie's produce kinda makes up for having to walk past fish smell every morning.I mean, this fishmonger's attracts THRONGS. There are queues on weekends, and people generally seem to leave there looking fairly satisfied, if not plain ecstatic, about their purchases. I mainly go there to get fishcakes (as everything else is kinda beyond my price range). But the fishcakes are pretty much spot on and 30p a piece! I mean, WHOA.
5	Eddie's is the sh*t when it comes to fresh seafood. Admittedly it stinks when you walk past it, but fish is a smelly food so you can't really hold that against them. I have never seen a fishmongers so busy; on saturday mornings you can see people actually queuing outside just to pick up some prawns or whatever. I mean how many places can you say that about.And the fish is incredible. Having bought the aforementioned prawns (didn't queue though - not because they're not worth it, just because I'm really lazy) I can safely say they're the best in Edinburgh. They are absolutely huge, really fresh and tasted amazing. The rest of the food is awesome as well, even if you're just picking up a piece of haddock or something then it is the best place around. Admittedly slightly more expensive than the supermarkets, but when you're getting fish of this quality that is fresh every day then you can't really complain.
5	Hands down my favourite Fishmonger in Edinburgh. Why?1. The fish are fresh and there is a wide variety. 2.The value for money is great, mostly because you can taste the difference from supermarket fish BY FAR3. The staff are helpful. You tell them what you're making and they tell you what to do always with a smile! 4. Location. I pick up my fish and then go next door and pick out my veg to go with it. How ideal! Thats all. Read the earlier reviews, gotta try out this sushi on saturday mornings!
5	This plaice (see what I did there?) makes me wish I loved seafood!! So why I hear you say do I frequent it so much?? Well as someone who's fish palette only goes as far as cod or haddock I like to make sure that it's the best.. And Eddies is definitely the best in town!! The staff are so happy and friendly and quick to recognise you if you've been before and know their business inside out which is great when looking for recommendations! They have pretty much every kind of fish and seafood you could ask for including fresh lobsters skulking in the tank.. It really is like stepping into a fish market with boxes filled with a shapes n sizes of weird n wonderful fish! Don't be surprised if you bump into the odd celebrity chef either as this is where they all come for top quality great value seafood!! So even if, like me you're not a big fish lover there will be something there for you...
5	Well I guess everyone beat me to this so I will just reiterate what everyone else is saying. BEST fish market in the city. Friendly staff, also a great place to get fresh sushi on the weekends. I believe the wife of the owner makes it every weekend. Also, this is the place to get your sashimi if you are making your own sushi which I often do. Prices are reasonable for the freshness and service you will get here.
5	I've been hearing about Eddie's for years, so I had to get there now that I'm living in the neighbourhood! There was a queue when I arrived, and a queue when I left - but it was useful time to look at the vast selection of fish and seafood and decide what to buy!I came home with a parcel of delicious - and cheap - hake for lunch. And I'll definitely be back!
5	Still the best fish market in the city. Thats all I got to say for this update.
5	The best fish shop there is in Edinburgh, without a doubt! Every kind of fish possible in here! I know a lot of people moan about the cost of fish these days, but try being the fisherman, like my Dad, who has to go out to sea in dangerous waters and catch the fish!! This family run business is superb, you can be guaranteed a friendly welcome from either Eddie himself or one of his team! Highly highly recommend! Best quality fish at a good price!
5	Best seafood / fish shop in Edinburgh. I first heard about this place when my friend said his Dad would travel from perth to pickup seafood for his restaurant once a week. After coming here for the first time in the late 90's I think I have been hooked ever since. I am well fussy about buying fish - sustainability, where it was fished etc all play a part in my purchase.The pleathora of seafood available here is amazing from Gambons to proper scallops from Islay way and amazing fish. The shop itself is a standard looking fish mongers with lots of addition choices and staff who offer up recipes and couldnt be more helpful. Things I buy- Scallops- clams- mussels- sea bass- sushi grade tuna- Salmon- John Dory- Wolf fishTIP Get in on a Saturday Morning for Mrs Eddies Sushi.
