5	These are the real pro's - serious mechanics.  They are not cheap but they do exceptionally good work and they are very honest.  I always take my cars there and I recommend them to everyone.  These folks have never tried to snow me of over sell anything.  The repairs are always "solid".  They also guarantee their work like no other shop I have ever been to.  I don't want to overstate anything so please do call them and find out for yourself, but my experiences with them have been exceptional.
5	I have been using Hi-tech Car Care for years.  I have a fleet of company trucks and they do professional work and back their workmanship up and only install parts that also back themselves up.  I love their maintenance program the best since they will help me out by dropping me off while they service my personal truck.   They have done so much work over the years for me from just a simple oil change to replacing a motor on one of my trucks (which I still use today).  The motor even came with a 100k mile warranty!  I especially like to use Hi-tech when I go out of town, they dropped me off at the airport while doing a 50k mile service on my personal truck and then picked me up days later.  I cant think of a better customer service auto service group.
5	As the owner of a 10 year old truck, I am frequently rewarded with opportunities to visit repair shops and partake of their services.  Up until now, I had never found a shop in Phoenix I felt I could trust, but at long last I have!I have to say that my experience with Hi-Tech Car Care was unbelievably great.  Not only are they exceptionally professional, courteous, and prompt, but they also go the extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction, even going so far as to immediately arrange a rental vehicle when the repairs took slightly longer than anticipated.I noticed some other reviewers mentioning their prices, so I thought I'd chime in on that too.  While it's true that their prices are slightly higher than 'discount' garages, all the prices seemed fair to me and were explained clearly (very important - I'm kind of dumb when it comes to cars).  Having been burned in the past by shoddy workmanship and low-quality parts from 'discount' mechanics, I prefer the peace of mind that comes from paying a fair price for quality, professional work.In conclusion, I'm glad to have found Hi-Tech Car Care, and hopefully with their help, my truck will last another 10 years!
5	These guys are great! I was originally going to take my truck over to Danny's carousel for a wash and oil change because I live around the corner, but I've heard some shady things about that place so I decided against it. Ended up getting a wash at Lindstrom and found Hi-Tech on Yelp for an oil change. The service was outstanding, the guy who helped me didn't try to over sell me on a bunch of crap I don't need, and he got me in without an appointment because it wasn't too busy on a Thursday afternoon. Was in and out within 30 mins, not bad! I'll definitely be back for future changes.
5	Found my new shop!!!Jim was honest and straight forward!will def be back thanks hi-tech!!Found my new shop!!!Jim was honest and straight forward!will def be back thanks hi-tech!!
5	Our son is due here very soon (like I could have him today if mother nature wanted..I'm 37 seeks), and I needed to get our new car seat installed ASAP.   I called and spoke with Jim at Hi-Tech yesterday and had a 3pm appointment all set up on the same day.  Jim was AWESOME in teaching me how to install a car seat, in multiple locations within a vehicle.  Very informative.  The only thing it cost me for the install lesson - 40 minutes of my time!  I'm confident that our baby boy will be fully secure in his car seat, and that makes me a happy mommy (to be)!
5	Excellent customer service! Monday I bought the livingsocial deal for three oil changes, good until 2015, and made my appointment for Tuesday at 1PM. Jim greeted me with a smile as I entered and made me feel welcomed.Long story short, like Andy G (see his review on 1/14/12), I have found my new car mechanic. All of the employees were professional, very friendly and helpful. Regina very kindly shuttled me to and from the nearby Wal-Mart to kill some time while I waited for my car.Everything checked out fine with no added extra charges or surprises. (whew!) I am so happy to have found Hi-Tech Car Care! Maybe now I won't go a year in between oil changes anymore? baaaaaaaaaad
5	Was able to make an appt to get my car seat installed the same day I called- very friendly and informative- I am now confident I can do it myself in the future. Will come back for auto repair, very honest service!
5	This is the best shop I've been to in the phoenix metro. Very knowledgeable, respectful and honest. Jim, the owner, runs a great establishment. If your looking for car repair in the phoenix area, I highly recommend you take your car to Hi-Tech Car Care.
5	I took my 4Runner here last week for an oil change and check engine light and had a great experience. After a bad experience with another mechanic I decided to trust yelp and look for a new shop and I'm so glad I found these guys. The service is excellent and they offer drop-off and pick-up if you live or work in the neighborhood. They were honest, the prices were reasonable and they didn't  try to up-sell unnecessary services.  My car runs perfect and they washed it before I picked it up. If you are looking for a shop you can trust I would give them a shot!
5	Got a Groupon for this place, and have become a loyal customer.  The service is great.  They dropped me off and picked me up, and didn't try to oversell me on tons of things my car didn't actually need.Highly recommend it!
5	They always make the experience of automotive repair as comfortable as possible.  They get to know your needs and driving habits and give recommendations based upon what you truly need.  While others seem to make up items and only interested in their bottom line, they always work as though they put the customer first.  And who doesn't like a mechanic that has a strong warranty and puts in the good stuff that lasts instead of the cheap thing and only giving 90 day warranty.  Personally, I will take Jim and Hi-Tech Car Care any day.Thanks guys!
5	I took my car to this place on faith of the good reviews that it got on yelp.I was not disappointed. Tom was a very friendly and candid owner and he told me what going on with my car and what could happen down the road if I didn't take care of a few things. This place is a very easy drop you keys and "FIX IT FOR ME" kinda shop.They do just about everything you could want done to your car.I just recommended this place to a friend and I will keep recommending this place to others.Do your anxiety and doubts a favor and take your car here for your next tune up.
1	I have taken my truck to them before.  Friendly staff, clean office, tons of awards on the wall. Here's my story.  They said I MUST have new brakes and rotors. Almost $500!  My truck was starting slowly so the ran a compression test and said I needed a fuel pump. There's another $800! Hmmm, so with an estimate of $1300 I decided to get a second opinion.Guess what, the second shop said the rotors could be turned and the brake pads were fine!!!  They ran a compression test and other tests and found out that the fuel pump was fine, the issue was the battery (which was under warranty).TLDR, $1300 estimate for repairs that I pretty much didn't need.
5	I took my car in for a safety check before a long roadtrip. The guys at high-tech knew what they were talking about and even picked up on a few issues I had known about but were not easy to diagnose. They gave me a complete write up of what was needed and why, which I greatly appreciate. They kept me safe on my 3k mile journey and I will be back for additional services when it's time.
5	When we walked in we were immediately professionally greeted with bottled water and sodas. Very friendly!!! We had an appt. with Jim and he was so courteous and helpful! Because of his service we will definitely be back to see him, and refer our friends and family as well!
5	Jim assisted us with our carseat as well.  The entire place was friendly and professional, and Jim was thorough, knowledgeable, and very friendly.  Highly recommend.
5	The staff here are some of the most courteous and friendly people I have met. I work about an hour away from this place and without hesitation they shuttled me to and from work. I have a Jeep Wrangler and had the dreaded death wobble and they were able to fix my car in a day!! They know what they are talking about and its a family owned and operated operation so it's nice to know you're giving back to local businesses. I highly recommend this place. James was they guy that helped me, he was very friendly and made sure I understood everything about what was going on with my jeep. Awesome dude! Like I said I highly recommend this spot!
5	James and his crew went above and beyond to see that my work truck was fixed appropriately. It came in weeks before needing emissions with a check engine light on from shoddy work performed by a different shop. The problems were all sorted out and taken care of in a timely manner. I couldn't have been happier with the service I received from the company.
1	I will never go back. The service advisor there James is rude, cocky and insulting! This guy is a money hungry shark who try's to sell unneeded repairs. He is the reason that automotive repair facilities have a bad reputation. The once good Hi-Tech Car Care name is now ruined in my opinion.
5	I first used Hi-Tech a couple of years ago on the recommendation of a friend. Now I won't go anywhere else! They do an excellent job, they don't try to oversell me, and they have the best customer service of anyplace I know.My husband and I both take our vehicles to Hi-Tech, and I send my work vehicles there as well.
5	Great service, very fair pricing, honest company.They care about each customer and treat each car with the utmost care.
5	I stopped in with no appointment needing to get my oil change before I headed home for thanksgiving. They were extremely helpful and made sure to get me in and out as quickly and efficiently as possible so I could get on the road. I will definitely be going back! :) Great guys and great service!
1	Gave my wife a $1100 quote to change the radiator hoses, flush power steering fluid and clean fuel injectors, they wanted 75 bucks for radiator fluid!, and all at 120 an hour! Had the car checked out and another shop and it did not need any of those things, they showed me the upper and lower hoses and the there was nothing at all wrong, no swelling, no dry rot, nothing... you can walk into this place with a perfect car and leave with an 1100 bill. I called and he did not want to talk,  they should be ashamed, there in nothing honest or christian about this place! RUN.
